Hi Teresa , Believe it or not , I just got my directory...I guess they finally figured out where I am located ! I also found out that I need to correct the company for my directory information . It needs to be Enron Transportation & Storage instead of Enron Corporation . Thanks and talk to you soon !
Met with Lee Hart . Reliant is interested in bidding for the capacity being auctioned on EnronOnLine , but will probably not respond until Monday . Reliant is also interested in the concept of fuel monetization and will definitely work with us to give shipper's perspective . Attended meeting with Conoco ( Carla Johnson and Mary Ann Pearce ) and Steve Harris , Rockey Storie to discuss potential settlement of Northern Natural take or pay case . Introduced myself to Cathy Bulf of Oneok ( KN) . They are also interested in the auctioned capacity .
Because we redistributed the account list last week , please change the following accounts to my name...Reliant #26819 , Conoco #20747 , Conoco #20748 , #26511 , and KN #26751 . Thank you .
Yes , and as a matter of fact...I'd called the Benefits Help Line recently and they'd said "No Coverage" on Dental . I think I am all set . If you find out otherwise , let me know ! Thanks .
How about somewhere in between ? Where's Danetta ? Maybe Treebeards in Interfirst Plaza ?
Please approve .
Got them . They're beautiful...thanks !
What do you think ? If we forward this , I think this needs to be cleaned up .
Hi...how are you ? Things are going well , but I sure miss you guys !  I left you a vmail last night saying that I can't attend Poli's party . Jim , Meghan and I are going to be on vacation in California . Let's talk soon and think about me when you guys go to Uncle Tongs !
Miss you guys too ! Thanks for asking about Meghan....she's going to be 2 next month ( where has all the time gone?) ! It sounds like you're having a terrific time too . Been to Disney again ? Let's talk soon and thing about me when you guys go to Zios!! !
KN ( Oneok ) called to get more information about the Right of First Refusal in their current contract . The minimum requirement to keep ROFR in a contract extension is with maximum rate for at least 1 year . Cathy Bulf will let TW know by Monday , and in writing , if they would like to exercise .
Would love to attend , but I will be out on vacation . Can I have a copy of any notes that are taken ?
Cathy Bulf ( 918-591-5143 ) just called to negotiate the contract extension . Capacity is 10000 to Needles and 10000 to Topock , both expiring end of Jan 2001 . Her bids are through Oct 2001 at . 16 plus fuel or through Mar 2002 at current rate of . 131 plus fuel . What is our strategy ? The spreads have tightened since last week . She has to be notified by ASAP , so she can exercise her ROFR .
Count me in , if still available . Thanks !
Good .
Hi Mike , Great to hear from you . Would have gotten back to you sooner , but we just got back from vacationing in California . Sure was tough to leave temperatures in the 60s and return to the 90s ! How are things going ? Did they ever implement Modular Forecasting ? Bet you love those Displays ! Sounds like you guys are pretty busy...too busy to be speculating about me ! I am in marketing for Enron , using my trading and financial background . The timing was perfect and my commute is so much shorter ! Keep in touch...and shouldn't the Aggies be in the Top 20?!? !
FYI...I am scheduled for Jury Duty next Monday , August 14 .
Vacation week of July 31- August 4 . Jury Duty on August 14 . Thanks .
FYI.. .
Completed an IT agreement with CIMA Energy , who owns 5000/day production on the Crawford lateral . Gas will be transported to both the Willi Wick Farm Tap in the Texas panhandle area as well as to the West Texas pool . The agreement is at 0.065 cents , plus fuel for 14 months beginning Sept 2000 . This new shipper on TW will generate additional revenue ( currently shipped under a Duke FT for 0.02) .
Completed an IT agreement with CIMA Energy . Volume is 5000/day production on the Crawford lateral ( #500267) . Gas will be transported to both the Willi Wick Farm Tap ( #12510 ) in the Texas panhandle area as well as to the West Texas pool ( #58646) . The agreement is at 0.065 cents , plus fuel for 14 months beginning Sept 2000 .
Burlington: pcervin@br-inc.com , Conoco: Teddy.G.Jones@usa.conoco.com , Reliant: thomas_j_toerner@reliantenergy.com
up with addresses and phone numbers !
Still isn't working...starts with a "script error"
What do you think about Capstone Turbines ?
Mark , Here is the electronic form for the Interconnect and Operating Agreement for your legal folks . Talk to you soon !
Can you please update the system with the following marketers ? Let me know when completed and I'll notify IS . Thanks .
Below is a summary of the Right of First Refusal section per the Transwestern tariff . Contract qualifications: executed contract prior to 03/27/00 with term of 1 year or longer executed contract on or after 03/27/00 with term of 1 year or longer at max rate Shipper notification: 6 months prior to contract expiration if term is 2 years or less 1 year prior to contact expiration if term exceeds 2 years Posting: pipeline will post within 10 business days bidders have 1 month for submittals shipper has up to 2 weeks to match
Still doesn't work...I have even rebooted the whole system .
Done , so you can rerun database .
Additional name for Conoco .
Count me in .
Houston , TX Hobby Jacksonville , FL each way each way Nashville , TN each way New Orleans , LA each way Tampa Bay , FL each way
EOG executed the Interconnect and Operating agreement . Transwestern has initiated landowner's notification , which takes at least 30 days . Planning a trip to Tulsa this Friday , to visit with Oneok .
How are you ? I was just thinking of you guys and wanted to say "hi"!! !
Strip Starts Nov . 1 -01 year-strip Strip ( Socal ) Strip ( Permian ) Spread
Thank you ! I have tested the updated system and every thing seems to be working . I did speak to the Help Desk last week and it was decided that we will run this program through Netscape Navigator vs Explorer .
Of course...Tuesday it is !
Out on Friday , 09/22 , for "floating holiday"...is that what it is called ? Thanks .
Great Expectations BY Lynn Cook Copyright 2000 Forbes Inc . ENRON INVESTMENT PARTNERS' BIGGEST GAMBLE TO DATE HAS BEEN THE $4 MILLION IT pumped into Cynet . The software outfit relies on a wireless modem that plugs in to a laptop or PC and lets you e-mail , fax , and use voice-and data-messaging . That may not sound like much . But imagine e-mailing thousands of people at once--or sending a document and following with a prerecorded message to tell folks to check their fax machines . Cynet is also developing the ability to retrieve e-mail messages as voice mail on a laptop and to translate voice mail into e-mail . The investment helped launch Cynet as the first African-American company to go public out of Houston . How's it doing ? Not so hot . After the initial offering in January the stock jumped to $8 , but it got pummeled in April and now hovers around $1 . It has yet to recover . Still , Enron is holding on to its investment , now worth only $1.9 million . Cynet holds the exclusive North American marketing license for Teleran Electronic's wireless modems . That's got to be worth something . Compaq Computer is using the technology to add high-speed wireless Internet connections to its iPAQ Pocket .
Azurix Water .
Unocal will announce higher that anticipated 3rd quarter earnings on 10/25 . They also did not hedge their production , so are able to capture the higher energy prices ! Sounds like a good buy...already up 3/4 today .
Documentation for the Southern to BP Energy contract assignments .
FYI..assignment request from Southern Company .
FYI...I spoke with Craig Carley at Reliant this morning . On contract #22538 , there was not a discount requested therefore September was at Max Rate . For October , I told him the spreads are still above Max Rate and he is in agreement . November...hmmm...above Max Rate?!? !
FYI...assignment or capacity release ?
FYI...please continue processing Assignments .
No vacation or sick time off . Thanks .
done .
FYI
Transwestern average deliveries to California were 1,083 MMcf/d ( 99% ) while east deliveries averaged 276 MMcf/d . San Juan lateral throughput averaged 847 MMcf/d while receipts from Rio Puerco averaged 46 MMcf/d . Mojave deliveries averaged 40 MMcf/d throughout the week . El Paso average deliveries to California were 2,254 MMcf/d ( 77% ) : Cash spreads between PG&E Topock and SoCal Needles narrowed from . 42 on Monday to only . 11 on Friday . Friday Enron Online basis numbers:
Our Commercial group has definitely used the Deal Analysis system ! The reports have been very beneficial in quantifying some of our recent transporting deals on Transwestern . For example , we executed a one year deal for 20000/day at our maximum tariff rate , which will generate $4 million gross margin . Another one year deal for 8000/day , also to the California border , will give us over $1 million gross margin . Two other examples for 11 months each will generate an additional combined $1.5 million . Hopefully this will justify our need for this system . Let me know if you need anything else .
FYI.. .
I will be taking Vacation this afternoon . Thanks .
Count me in for either Monday or Tuesday . Thanks !
Icon Names: Quick Reference , Training , Support Services , T&E Guidelines , Contact Us . Thanks .
Please review and approve . Thanks !
EOG interconnect is finishing this week and will be in service by this weekend . It will initially flow 8-10000/day and will increase to over 15000 .
In an effort to bring incremental revenue for our pipeline , I researched outstanding invoices generated from facility interconnects , etc . Transwestern currently has no outstanding dollars to collect . However , there appears to be $600,000 that can be collected on Northern Natural in addition to $250,000 that was written off . Attached are the spreadsheets from Accounts Receivable .
Do you know about the variable costs ? I don't think any of the Park and Rides have ever been analyzed in Deal Profitability?!? !
Key bullets for 2000 accomplishments and 2001 goals: Executed firm transport contract with Oneok at maximum rate for California deliveries . Contract also includes provision for Marketing Fee if contract is ever released above max rate . Completed new interconnect with EOG for additional 15,000/day . Potential opportunity for future transport agreement . Settled dispute with Burlington involving volume commitments under various pipeline pressures . Working with SPS and ePrime on potential power plant interconnect . Working as liaison with programmers to enhance Deal Profitability system . Working with Accounts Receivable to resolve outstanding reimbursable projects .
See below... .
FYI...since you guys weren't on the distribution list .
Conoco , Burlington , and Oneok have all expressed an interest in participating in the Open Season.. .
FYI...we did it ! Over the first 6 days , they averaged over 25,000 .
I'm sorry ! I was out of the office for a memorial service on Friday , November 10 . How do I write that off ? FYI , I will be in all this week ( Monday , Tuesday , and Wednesday) . Thanks .
FYI .
I am free any of these days...my preference is either Thursday or Friday !
Market Services are the schedulers ( Cynthia , Amy , Burt , Linda Ward , Terry , etc.)...how about Contract Administration ( Elizabeth Brown , Dale Eldridge) ?
If you're ordering from Corporate Express , this might help you . Weekly #AAG21952 , Monthly #AAG21904 . I couldn't tell from the picture if they were blue , though . Can you verify ?
OK . Mine is updated...FYI , I had to still use the U versus N drive !
Revenue Generating: Executed firm transport contract with Oneok at max tariff rate for California deliveries; generating $2.7 million in revenue . Included was a sharing mechanism providing an opportunity to generate market based transport . Completed new facility interconnect with EOG for additional 35,000/day of supply on east end of system . Executed pooling agreement with Cima Energy to become a new customer on Transwestern , providing 5-10,000/day of incremental supply on TW's system . Settled dispute with Burlington that could have cost $3 million dollars; negotiated potential damages down to $100,000 and eliminating future potential dollar exposure . Worked with Accounts Receivable to identify outstanding facility invoices . Located over $600,000 on Northern . Worked as liaison with programmers to enhance Deal Profitability system . System now is also linked with the Risk Management System with weekly basis quote feed to ensure more real time data .
Count me in.. .
The numbers look good !
I was out the afternoon of Tuesday , November 28 . Thanks .
Sure , let's talk .
Two contract's ROFR notification expired this week ( 11/30/2000) . These contracts will terminate next year 11/30/2001 . Burlington with 15000 Ignacio Eprime signed a 50000/day park and ride agreement effective 12/01/2000 . Current posted rates are at max of . 3883 . Invoices are going out next week . Included is the Burlington credit of $83000 in prior period adjustments .
Sorry I wasn't here for your email last Friday...I try to leave by 4:30!! ! Yes , let's allget together soon...call me ! Jim and I did see some movies lately: Men of Honor with Cuba Wadding Jr was a good tear jerker , Charlie's Angel was humorous because we weren't expecting much , and Bedazzled brought us back down to earth . I would recommend all three ! Meghan got some DVD's and her two favorite that she watches every night are Toy Story 2 and Little Mermaid 2...have your girls seen either one ?
FYI.. .
Holiday Party at The Museum of Fine Arts Houston invites all Enron employees to the 14th Annual Corporate Partners Holiday the MFA ! Party to celebrate the partnership of business and the arts . Stroll through exhibitions , sample a selection of delicious desserts , and enjoy festive holiday entertainment with your family . Create your own holiday craft and have a keepsake photograph taken of you and your family ! RSVP at 713-639-7585 and mark your calendars for: Tuesday , December 12 The Museum of Fine Arts - Caroline Wiess Law Building
Offered ePrime FT.....5 cents East to East ( ie , Tumbleweed and Oasis ) with alternate firm to Needles at Permian-SoCal Gas Daily differential less fuel , then splitting profits TW 75% and ePrime 25% . Working with Bob Burleson with SPS power plant connection . Offered ePrime ( the gas managers and affiliate of SPS ) a . 03 cent transport rate from Oasis to the new proposed interconnect ( Panhandle leg ) in exchange for volume commitment of 3 bcfs over 5 years . ePrime is planning on using the transport for loads during the 4 peaking summer months . Analyzed West flow transport contracts for future expiration dates without ROFR extentions . Putting together list of details for solicitation , allowing us to sell and hedge higher transport rates and taking advantage of current market spreads
Below is a summary of available future capacity to the California border: effective 11/01/2002-10/31/2003 , 21,500 Needles The spreads are still pretty wide even through 2002 at 0.75; and here's an opportunity to capture it before it tightens .
Transwestern's average deliveries to California were 1109 MMBtu/d ( 100% ) with San Juan lateral throughput at 866 MMBtu/d and Rio Puerco at 94 MMBtu/d . Total east deliveries averaged 327 MMBtu/d . El Paso average deliveries to California were 2262 MMBtu/d ( 77% ) : Friday posted Gas Daily prices: TW San Juan 7.60 Friday Enron Online bases: Feb Mar Apr-Jun Jul-Sep Oct
Guys: I've narrowed the list down to the minimum combination of packages . Please build all receipts to all deliveries except for Same Combos ( Oasis-Oasis , etc. ) or any Pool-Pool Combos . Thanks .
Yes , these numbers are the posted volumes according to their bulletin board . Update , as of 01/23...PG&ETop is 699 ( 61%) , SoCalEhr is 1195 ( 96%) , and SoCalTop ios 538 ( 100%) . These volumes are slightly above last week's posting . I was told that the board was the official source for throughput information; but , I will see if there is another source .
Just wanted you to know.. .
Please set up the following people with "trader" status under Transwestern Pipeline Company . We will be using Enron On Line to trade pipeline capacity . Kevin Hyatt ( administrator) , Michelle Lokay , Lorraine Lindberg , Jeff Fawcett , and TK Lohman will all need this access . My network user ID is "mlokay" and each trader will respond with their own user ID . Thanks .
Transwestern's average deliveries to California were 1110 MMBtu/d ( 100% ) with San Juan lateral throughput at 813 MMBtu/d and Rio Puerco at 59 MMBtu/d . Total east deliveries averaged 291 MMBtu/d . El Paso average deliveries to California were 2459 MMBtu/d ( 84% ) : Friday posted Gas Daily prices: TW San Juan 7.38 Friday Enron Online bases: Feb Mar Apr-Jun Jul-Sep Oct
Thanks for including me ! I do have customers calling . Here are my choices...in any order ! Wed. , Feb . 14 Alan Jackson , Sat. , Feb . 24 Kenny Chesney , Mon. , Feb . 26 Brooks & Dunn , or Fri. , March 2 Martina McBride and Lee Ann Womack . Thanks again .
Please address mailing envelopes from the attached list . Thanks .
Please include me on the Priority Dual Monitor list . I will be the product manager for trading Transwestern capacity on EnronOnline . In order to manage the product in Stack Manager and view pricing information , two monitors for the same CPU are required . Thanks .
Please increase the contract TQ from 350 to 500 effective 02/01/2001 . Thanks .
Just to summarize and bring everyone up to speed...I spoke to John Havard with Pogo again . He would like us to continue with drawings , engineering , etc . using his prepayment . They have the list of equipment for ordering , but are waiting until the results of the well ( hopefully by next week) . They also understand that some of the items could have long lead times . We are all hoping this will be as successful as EOG's interconnect .
Transwestern's average deliveries to California were 1118 MMBtu/d ( 100% ) with San Juan lateral throughput at 812 MMBtu/d and Rio Puerco at 75 MMBtu/d . Total east deliveries averaged 291 MMBtu/d . El Paso's average deliveries to California were 2355 MMBtu/d ( 80% ) : Friday posted Gas Daily prices: TW San Juan 5.82 Friday Enron Online bases: Mar Apr-Jun Jul-Sep Oct
Mark your calendars ! The Transwestern Commercial group is confirmed for the afternoon show at 5:00 pm on Thursday , January 24 . We have 25 tickets for us and our customers . Let's do the show and then dinner . Customer list and suggestions for dinner?.. . Michelle Lokay Account Director Transwestern Commercial Group
Approved . This request had been preapproved by Facility Planning . Please generate amendments for PPL's Red Rock expansion contract #27641 . The Administrative Contract will also need to be updated . Thanks .
Approved . Please increase the Total Quantity from 10000 to 23115 for TODAY . Points remain the same . Thanks .
Approved .
Approved . Additional 15,000 on top of the 10,000 that is there all month .
Williams will probably cash out the old OBA imbalance...$269,000 !
Yes , I will keep you posted . They have another level of approval left . If that happens , we will receive either check or wire .
1-800-332-7979 Benefit Service Center Health and Group Plans , Option 1 Cash Balance Plan , Option 2 Saving and Employee Stock Ownership Plan , Option 3 Employee Stock Options , Option 4 1-800-433-0153 United Healthcare ( Group #175910 ) 1-800-345-1391 Innovative Resource Group ( Enron EAP and Mental Health Claims ) 1-800-877-7195 Vision Service ( Group 46303 ) Michelle Lokay Account Director Transwestern Commercial Group
Final approval received ! I have an executed document signed by Williams and Danny McCarty . Cash in amount of $268,702 is forthcoming .
I took 1/2 day vacation Friday , December 7 . Thanks .
I don't know if I am taking 1/2 day of vacation yet...or if we can just leave a little early to prepare and travel for tomorrow night . What do you think ?
Thank you .
Approved .
FYI .
How can I discontinue my United Way contributions effective Jan 1 ? These are being deducted through payroll deductions . Thanks . Michelle Lokay Account Director Transwestern Commercial Group
Thank you .
Transwestern's average deliveries to California were 1122 MMBtu/d ( 103%) , with San Juan lateral throughput at 844 MMBtu/d . Total East deliveries averaged 270 MMBtu/d . El Paso's average deliveries to California were 2198 MMBtu/d ( 75%): Thursday's posted Gas Daily prices: Enron basis: Jan
Kim , I updated additional accomplishments...hope it's not too late ! Thanks .
Approved . The contract number will remain the same , #27785 . Dennis , Per conversation , same contract , volume , and rate for 1 additional day . Thanks .
What do you think of this itinerary ? You guys would leave San Antonio and pick us up at Hobby for the same flight to Orlando . On the return trip , we leave 1 1/2 hours before you , but you guys have a direct flight . The trip is Friday through Saturday , for 8 nights . The flights are getting more limited and have increased again ! Let's talk soon . Michelle Lokay Account Director Transwestern Commercial Group
FYI...this is the conference call that I'd mentioned during staff meeting yesterday .
Do you want to go ?
Yes . Kim Richards with Williams confirmed this morning .
This is the wire transfer that I have been looking for since last week .
Transwestern's average deliveries to California were 1059 MMBtu/d ( 97%) , with San Juan lateral throughput at 839 MMBtu/d . Total East deliveries averaged 292 MMBtu/d . El Paso's average deliveries to California were 2064 MMBtu/d ( 70%): Friday's posted Gas Daily prices: TW San Juan n/a Enron basis: n/a
Happy Holidays ! Dear Tech Support , Last year I upgraded from Boyfriend 5.0 to Husband 1.0 and noticed a slowdown in the performance of flower and jewelry applications that had operated flawlessly under Boyfriend 5.0 . In addition , Husband 1.0 uninstalled many other valuable programs , such as Romance 9.9,and installed undesirable programs such as NFL 5.0 and NBA 3.0 . Conversation 8.0 no longer runs and Housecleaning 2.6 simply crashes the system . I've tried running Nagging 5.3 to fix these problems , but to no avail . What can I do ? Desperate Dear Desperate , First , keep in mind that Boyfriend 5.0 is an entertainment package , while Husband 1.0 is an operating system . Install Tears 6.2 and enter the command <C:\ I THOUGHT YOU LOVED ME> . Husband 1.0 should then automatically run the applications Guilty 3.0 and Flowers 7.0 . But remember , overuse can cause Husband 1.0 to default to Grumpy Silence 2.5 , Happy Hour 7.0 , or Beer 6.1 . Beer 6.1 is a very bad program that will create Snoring Loudly.WAV files . DO NOT install Mother-in law 1.0 or reinstall another Boyfriend program . These are not supported applications and will crash Husband 1.0 . In summary , Husband 1.0 is a great program , but it does have a limited memory and cannot learn new applications quickly . You might consider buying additional software to improve performance . I personally recommend Hot Food 3.0 and Lingerie 6.9 . Good luck .
Transwestern's average deliveries to California were 959 MMBtu/d ( 88%) , with San Juan lateral throughput at 827 MMBtu/d . Total East deliveries averaged 398 MMBtu/d . El Paso's average deliveries to California were 2122 MMBtu/d ( 72%): Thursday's posted Gas Daily prices: TW San Juan n/a Enron basis: n/a
FYI . Section 13(h ) does state 3 months prior to expiration and 07/31/02 is 3 months before 10/31/02 .
This is the San Juan to San Juan contract , with alternates out of the path . Same as December .
Approved . Amendment to increase TQ by 10,000 for 2 days .
Approved . Please increase , on Amendment #4 , the West Texas receipts from 14,265 to 18,000 effective Nov 2002-Feb 2003 . This will still leave a balance of 2,000 at the "East of Thoreau" area . The Red Rock administration contract will also need to be adjusted . Thanks .
Hope you are feeling better ! I took my last day of vacation on Wednesday , Dec 26 . I was even here and on call for New Year's !
Transwestern's average deliveries to California were 840 MMBtu/d ( 77%) , with San Juan lateral throughput at 829 MMBtu/d . Total East deliveries averaged 491 MMBtu/d . El Paso's average deliveries to California were 1568 MMBtu/d ( 54%): Friday's posted Gas Daily prices: TW San Juan n/a Enron basis: n/a
Michelle Lokay Account Director Transwestern Commercial Group
Good morning ! Are we still on tomorrow ? What are the calling instructions ? Thanks .
I got your voice mail from Friday ! Since I am in Denver at 8:30 , we can definitely head up to Winter Park immediately . If there is a group snowmobiling that afternoon ( and if you want) , let's join them . Michelle Lokay Account Director Transwestern Commercial Group
Grand Romance Package It's the ultimate in romance , starting at $1827* for four nights ! Ideal for honeymooners or couples on a romantic getaway , this package includes: Accommodations in a Terrace room** Welcome amenity upon arrival Two full 50-minute massage or facial sessions at the award winning Spa Grande One romantic lanai breakfast ( ordered from Room Service ) Keepsake memento *Packages available in all room categories . Prices are based on double occupancy and are subject to availability . Rates are subject to change . Tax and gratuities not included . Package contents may vary . **Room category upgrade on stays of 7 nights or longer ( excluding Deluxe Ocean , Napua Club rooms , and suites) . 50-minute treatments available with this package are: Reflexology Massage , Hawaiian Lomi Lomi Massage , Jin Shin Acupressure Massage , Massage Sampler , Reiki Massage , Shiatsu Massage , Sports Massage , Swedish Massage , Detoxifying Seaweed Body Masque , European Deep Cleansing Facial , Men's Facial , Teen's Facial . Michelle Lokay Account Director Transwestern Commercial Group
Sounds like too much fun....you're the best !
Transwestern's average deliveries to California were 855 MMBtu/d ( 79%) , with San Juan lateral throughput at 839 MMBtu/d . Total East deliveries averaged 468 MMBtu/d . El Paso's average deliveries to California were 1673 MMBtu/d ( 57%): Friday's posted Gas Daily prices: TW San Juan 2.01 Enron basis: n/a
Sorry , the effective date for this new report is 01/07-01/11 .
Let's discuss this prior to billing . I agree that ENA owes us money , but there were certain conditions agreed to before we could get this capacity back!.. .
Transwestern's average deliveries to California were 854 MMBtu/d ( 78%) , with San Juan lateral throughput at 844 MMBtu/d . Total East deliveries averaged 473 MMBtu/d . El Paso's average deliveries to California were 1783 MMBtu/d ( 61%): Friday's posted Gas Daily prices: Enron basis: n/a
Can you guys review this posting prior to Tuesday morning ? Thanks .
Due today at 5:00 CST...hope you guys bid !
Due today at 5:00...hope you guys bid !
Here is the internet link from TW's EBB .
Due today at 5:00...hope you guys bid !
Bids are due today at 5:00...hope you guys bid !
I was just awarded 4 tickets for Clay Walker for Friday , February 15th . Wanna go ?
I just got the Clay Walker tickets....thanks again .
Thanks .
Transwestern's average deliveries to California were 933 MMBtu/d ( 86%) , with San Juan lateral throughput at 864 MMBtu/d . Total East deliveries averaged 452 MMBtu/d . El Paso's average deliveries to California were 1954 MMBtu/d ( 67%): Thursday's posted Gas Daily prices: Enron basis: n/a
Mike , Here is a spreadsheet that will hopefully help with reconciling the Mojave interconnect . Let's talk soon .
I am sorry . but will not be able to attend . Thanks .
Thanks for the invite...either night works !
Thanks...let's pick up "one" tonight !
Sounds good , but TW has a weekly gas control meeting every Friday at 3:00 . Can your meeting be finished by 3:00 , or should we start earlier ?
FYI .
I was out Friday , the 25th , and would like to use my "discretionary holiday" ! Thanks .
Mike , Here are the historical measured versus scheduled volumes for the Mojave OBA imbalances . Hope this helps !
Transwestern's average deliveries to California were 1058 MMBtu/d ( 97%) , with San Juan lateral throughput at 864 MMBtu/d . Total East deliveries averaged 306 MMBtu/d . El Paso's average deliveries to California were 1994 MMBtu/d ( 68%): Friday's posted Gas Daily prices: TW San Juan n/a
Paul , I am not sure how this info gets to you; but , attached is the sales confirm I executed this morning . TW is selling "operational gas" to Western , effective April 1,2002 .
Thanks !
error '80004005' Unspecified error
Copy of confirmation of gas sales .
Burlington is scheduling a conference call with TW and EL Paso for next Thursday , 02/14/02 , at 3:00 . We will discuss pressure scenarios , pressure ranges , and potential facility modifications.. . Please put this on your calendars...I , of course , would like to get together prior to the call ! Michelle Lokay Account Director Transwestern Commercial Group
Transwestern's average deliveries to California were 1011 MMBtu/d ( 93%) , with San Juan lateral throughput at 872 MMBtu/d . Total East deliveries averaged 337 MMBtu/d . El Paso's average deliveries to California were 2065 MMBtu/d ( 71%): Friday's posted Gas Daily prices: TW San Juan 2.01
This looks good from the Commercial side . I am assuming that when a customer uses the "View Printable Page," that printout header cannot be frozen . Otherwise , this is what we are looking for as far as viewing this spreadsheet on line . When the formatting issues are resolved , I recommend we move this to production . Thanks .
Great ! Based on your reconciling , I will run additional reports on our side for 09/00 and 11/00 . Please call me , 713-345-7932 .
I would like to receive your daily volume statements...my fax is 713-646-4095 . Thanks again .
I would also like to receive your daily volume statements for 09/00 and 11/00...my fax is 713-646-4095 . Thanks again .
I was out sick yesterday afternoon , 02/13 , and will be taking vacation tomorrow , 02/15 . Thanks .
Attached is the spreadsheet from Facility Planning showing our costs . James Centilli is running additional economics . Will forward those as soon as I receive them . I can also meet with you to discuss all . Thanks .
Sorry , I was out of the office yesterday . We are currently not utilizing these systems . Are you actually deleting them and can we resurrect if needed ?
Wow...is that what really happened?!? ! I am so glad it's all clarified . Since we're suing everyone ( the accountants , the lawyers , etc.) , we might as well sue our long distance carrier . Talk soon !
Transwestern's average deliveries to California were 972 MMBtu/d ( 89%) , with San Juan lateral throughput at 851 MMBtu/d . Total East deliveries averaged 403 MMBtu/d . El Paso's average deliveries to California were 2075 MMBtu/d ( 71%): Thursday's posted Gas Daily prices:
Try this...does it work on your computer system ? - WitCity The Enron Voice Mail System 2002.htm
Thank you !
- WitCity The Enron Voice Mail System 2002.htm
About CIG...yes , please send statements to support the volume difference for 07/01 and 03/00 . The reconciliation seems to be going very well . We had originally sent Mike Clark the CIG data back to 06/93...do you have those ? Thanks .
Richard , you had printed Location Quantity Summary Lists for me . Those are really helping me with the reconciliation . Can I have one for each of the following months for Mojave #56696 to confirm Scheduled volumes ? Thanks .
Please add me to the "DL-GA-all_domestic" distribution list . Thanks .
Thanks .
None for me .
Feudalism You have two cows . Your lord takes some of the milk . Fascism You have two cows . The government takes both , hires you to take care of them and sells you the milk . Communism You have two cows . You must take care of them , but the government takes all the milk . Capitalism You have two cows . You sell one and buy a bull . Your herd multiplies , and the economy grows . You sell them and retire on the income . Enron You have two cows . You borrow 80% of the forward value of the two cows from your bank , then buy another cow with 5% down and the rest financed by the seller on a note callable if your market cap goes below $20B at a rate 2 times prime . You now sell three cows to your publicly listed company , using letters of credit opened by your brother-in-law at a 2nd bank , then execute a debt/equity swap with an associated general offer so that you get four cows back , with a tax exemption for five cows . The milk rights of six cows are transferred via an intermediary to a Cayman Island company secretly owned by the majority shareholder who sells the rights to seven cows back to your listed company . The annual report says the company owns eight cows , with an option on one more and this transaction process is upheld by your independent auditor and no Balance Sheet provided with the press release that announces that Enron as a major owner of cows will begin trading cows via the Internet site COW ( cows on web) . I am sure you now fully understand what h|
Transwestern's average deliveries to California were 1015 MMBtu/d ( 93%) , with San Juan lateral throughput at 873 MMBtu/d . Total East deliveries averaged 394 MMBtu/d . El Paso's average deliveries to California were 2063 MMBtu/d ( 70%): Friday's posted Gas Daily prices: SoCal gas , large pkgs 2.345 ( flat ) TW Permian 2.215 ( flat )
I have been here except last Tuesday..traveling for work !
Transwestern's average deliveries to California were 815 MMBtu/d ( 75%) , with San Juan lateral throughput at 879 MMBtu/d . Total East deliveries averaged 596 MMBtu/d . El Paso's average deliveries to California were 1790 MMBtu/d ( 61%): Thursday's posted Gas Daily prices:
Either...you pick the day !
Of course...Tuesday it is !
Count me in...Monday or Thursday morning ?
Can you spot what's wrong with this picture ? Look closely . It may take you a minute .
Is there still room in the 03/21 class ? Thanks .
The February 2002 El Paso Topock point price was $1.8600 .
February 2002 price $2.07 March 2002 price $2.30 February was revised and March is now posted .
Notwithstanding anything herein that may be interpreted to the contrary , the aggregate Operational Imbalance for all Interconnect Points in any month will be within a 10% tolerance level ( i.e. , neither exceeds 110% of the quantities scheduled , or is less than 90% of the quantities scheduled) . Bill , Here is how I currently have paragraph 6 ( tolerance level ) in the OBA . Should we insert another sentence reemphasizing that "all imbalances" will be "cashed out" ? Michelle Lokay Account Director Transwestern Commercial Group
Weather Trading Energy and weather are so inextricably tied to one another that it is sometimes hard to separate the two . The demand for power is directly related to temperature going up in summer and going down in winter . If , therefore , you have an unusually cool summer , the demand for power will be much lesser than anticipated , and the same in case of an unusually warm winter . Several electricity utilities enter into power purchase agreements based on anticipated demand , and would face serious financial losses in such cases . Weather derivatives provide such companies an option to hedge against risk of weather fluctuations . It is no surprise , then , that one of the conferences more lively discussions centered on the presentation by Tom Fletcher , head of weather trading for Mirant .  In describing weather trading , Fletcher reported the market has grown exponentially since it was first formed in 1997 . Fletcher highlighted how successful trading requires purchasing the right product . He went on to describe some of the sophisticated products being launched and how Mirant is integrating weather risk into their overall profile and what that means for the traders on the floor . With presentations from other market leaders such as Centrica , I-Wex , Spectron , Aquila , LIFFE , Mirant , Bewag , Aon and Entergy-Koch , Weather Trading Europe provided three days of the latest developments in European trading . The conference touched on key issues surrounding the sector including liquidity in the weather market-where is it and how to access it; data issues-the state of play in European weather data and how you can best utilize the information you've got and a host of other topics designed to help attendees leverage their skills . As weather trading takes its place in the online world , there is a pressing need to develop greater use of weather derivatives from corporations to avoid the market becoming a predominantly speculative industry . Michelle Lokay Account Director Transwestern Commercial Group
Transwestern's average deliveries to California were 874 MMBtu/d ( 80%) , with San Juan lateral throughput at 862 MMBtu/d . Total East deliveries averaged 451 MMBtu/d . El Paso's average deliveries to California were 1985 MMBtu/d ( 68%): Friday's posted Gas Daily prices:
No bullets....ongoing with TXU , Burlington , Mojave .
You are definitely welcome . Are you coming in for systems training next week ( or it that Spring Break) ?
Are we scheduled at certain time ? If I could be moved in the morning ( I only have 2 boxes) , that would be great . I have customers coming in at 11:00 for the rest of the afternoon . Thanks .
When: Tuesday , March 12 , 2002 10:00 AM-11:00 AM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) . Where: EB1331 Let's get together to discuss the above storage project , benefits , risks , and basic strategy for TW .
I think I want to bid on this...how about up to $150?! ?
I took 1/2 day of vacation last Friday , 03/08 . Thanks .
What's Worse Than A Pyromaniac In A Blazer ? A barber in a Seville A seamstress in a Dart An insurance adjuster in an Acclaim A construction worker in a Bobcat A creature in a black Laguna A theater manager in a Marquis An astronomer in an Eclipse An exterminator in a Beetle A call-girl in an Escort A spiritualist in an Aurora A proctologist in a Probe A proctologist in a Ram An orator in a Civic A country singer in a Neon A reporter in a S'Coupe A Good Humor man in a S'Coupe An orchestra conductor in a Prelude A classical musician in a Sonata A customs inspector in a Passport A dog trainer in a Rover A jeweler in a Topaz A band leader in a Tempo A gentleman in a Gallant A Bullfighter in a Matador A mother-in-law in a Barracuda An electrician in a Charger A snake handler in a Viper A second-story man in a Prowler A car thief in a Jimmy A lepidopterist in a Monarch Barbie in a Malibu Sgt . Preston in a Yukon Queen Elizabeth in a Regal Prince Rainier in a Monaco Princess Stephanie in a Riviera Prince Charles in a Regency Joan Collins in a Dynasty ( Hillary Clinton in a Park Avenue? ) Jim Garner in a Maverick Kato in a green Hornet Nixon in a Checker Kissinger in a Diplomat Speedy Gonzales in a Fiesta Wile E . Coyote in a Road Runner Elmer Fudd in a Wabbit Miss Muffet in a Spyder Charles Lindberg in an Intrepid Christopher Columbus in a Voyager Blackbeard in a Corsair Russell Means in a Dakota Tonto in a Cherokee Dorothy in a Syclone Benjamin Franklin in a Lightning Carl Sagan in a Nova Bruce Lee in a Sidekick Oscar De la Hoya in a Challenger John Mellencamp in a Cougar Wonder Woman in a gold Lariat Edmund Halley in a Comet Public-TV yoga instructor Lillias in a Lotus Rosie O'Donnel and Charlton Heston in a Colt Yassir Arafat and Menahim Begin in an Accord Nostradamus and Jeanne Dixon in a Futura
Hi ! Of course I remember you ! How are you , and your son ? What have you been doing ? Do you ever get to see Marilyn and Poli ? How are things at Compaq ? Is the Compaq/HP merger going to happen ? Things are going well here ( at Enron!?!?)...considering it is the "biggest corporate debacle" in history . Thanks for asking about Meghan...she's 3 , can you believe it ? Jim and I are about to take her to Disney World ! Thanks for emailing me , please tell everyone I said "hello" , and talk soon.. .
Transwestern's average deliveries to California were 989 MMBtu/d ( 91%) , with San Juan lateral throughput at 877 MMBtu/d . Total East deliveries averaged 405 MMBtu/d . El Paso's average deliveries to California were 2136 MMBtu/d ( 73%): Friday's posted Gas Daily prices:
Subject: NWP System Notice - System Operations Post Date: March 15 , 2002 Category: CRITICAL NOTES Subcategory: MISCELLANEOUS Subject: System Operations Notice Text: All Shippers Letter #02-033 Date: 3/15/02 Time: 11:00 a.m . MST Subject: System Operations The purpose of this letter is to inform Northwest's shippers of how it intends to deal with the upcoming maintenance announced by Questar Pipeline at Clay Basin and by Transwestern Pipeline at its La Plata facilities . Questar Pipeline has announced it will shut in its Clay Basin facility from April 2 , 2002 through April 15 , 2002 and will then perform withdrawal tests on April 16 and 17 , 2002 . During this time Northwest will have no access to Clay Basin . Additionally , Transwestern Pipeline has announced that its La Plata Compressor facilities will be shut in from April 2 through April 5 , 2002 , and will accept no deliveries from Northwest Pipeline . During the month of March north flow volumes through the Kemmerer compressor have exceeded capacity on a regular basis . With Clay Basin shut in , Northwest's balancing flexibility will be significantly impaired . Northwest will have no place to inject excess gas south of Kemmerer and as a result cannot physically accommodate overscheduled volumes . If north flow volumes continue to exceed Kemmerer capacity during the Questar and Transwestern maintenance , Northwest will take the following steps to maintain the reliability and integrity of its system: reduce line pack on the south end of its system prior to the maintenance; cut north-flowing alternate gas at compressor station cut points from La Plata to Meacham as necessary to mitigate high line pressures or overscheduling through Kemmerer; take all necessary steps to ensure that gas deliveries from receipt points south of the Meacham compressor closely approximate confirmed nominations; entitle for undertakes or overtakes , as appropriate; and finally , if required , Northwest will issue operational flow orders . If net scheduled volumes north through Northwest's Kemmerer Compressor do not exceed physical capacity , Northwest will have much greater flexibility during the Clay Basin and Transwestern shut-ins . Northwest's customers can help themselves and reduce the likelihood that Kemmerer will overschedule by securing adequate gas from Canadian suppliers or by using their Jackson Prairie storage during this work . Northwest will make every effort to reduce the impact on its customers of the Clay Basin and Transwestern shut-ins and will be monitoring the situation closely . Northwest will take every opportunity to relax system restrictions in later cycles if north flow volumes moderate . Northwest is confident that if its customers respond prudently , the impact of the Transwestern and Questar maintenance will be greatly reduced . If you have any questions , please contact your Marketing Services representative .
More information . The Questar ( Southern Trails ) tie-in is for one day only , 04/02 . The Ignacio to Blanco line , from La Plata , will be down over 700 million ( which is pretty much the whole lateral ) from 04/02-04/05 . Talk soon , Michelle .
Burlington has agreed to execute this outstanding OBA if the name on the contract is changed . Can we update the name from BURLINGTON RESOURCES TRADING , INC . to BURLINGTON RESOURCES Gathering , INC .
Julie , Contract Administration needs you to email them officially requesting a name change . Thanks .
Michelle Lokay Account Director Transwestern Commercial Group
HI
30 minutes...is that all we need ? Let's schedule all the marketers: me , Lorraine , TK , Paul , Mark , and Kim . Thanks .
Transwestern's average deliveries to California were 884 MMBtu/d ( 81%) , with San Juan lateral throughput at 773 MMBtu/d . Total East deliveries averaged 391 MMBtu/d . El Paso's average deliveries to California were 1896 MMBtu/d ( 65%): Friday's posted Gas Daily prices:
Shelley , here is the current weekend on-call schedule for the TW marketers .
Got it ! Will send you documentation this evening . Thanks for speaking with Johnny .
I look forward to hearing about the new romance stuff! ! Hope to see you soon .
Apology accepted . My feelings were hurt considering laning you the BMW , paying for dinner and washing and filling your car with gas! ! Love , Dad
Agree . Please handle at the Audit Committee meeting .
It was the right answer for everybody . Good luck and let me know if my group can be of any help ! Stan
I am at EOTT this morning . Glad we early voted . I think Bush has it and I don't think it will be that close . Watch how Florida and Pennslylvania go . If they go Bush; its over . If Gore wins these two states he has a chance if he takes Michigan . Key states are Florida , Pennslylvania,and Michigan . I am still hoping for a last minute Nader rally . Sorry you don't feel well especially since this your your long day . Good luck on your test . I will be at the Rockets game tonight with tthe guys . Email later this afternoon . Love , Dad
I am sorry that you don't feel well . Sounds like you have a cold or flu bug . Please go to the Health Center and get some antibiotics . If you feel bad later in the week , make reservations to fly home this weekend and put the bill on the credit card . I will check with your mom tonight to see how you are . Love , Your Daddy
Thank you !
Per my discussion with Jeff Skilling , Rod Hayslett will be added to the Executive Committee . Thanks , Stan
I hope you get to feeling better . I go to Chicago tonight for the night and then back tomorrow . Take care of yourself . I told you whoever took Florida would win the election . Dad
I have completed and returned the survey .
This looks fine . Thank you
You should have a lot of fun working with my good friend George Wasaff . He is a super person! ! This group has strong ties to ETS and creates a lot of value for us . Good luck! !
There is not much noted in the finished column . An explanation or revised finish date would be helpful . Is the report not up to date or are we falling bhind in gettin items completed ! Stan Horton
Thanks Gina . I understand this is your last day of work until the baby is born..I just wanted to tell you that you will be in my prayers and I am confident everything will go great . Keep in touch and get alot of rest . The nightly feedings are close at hand! ! Stan
Thanks for the invitation . Unfortunately I am unable to attend as this is the same night as our ETS Holiday Party . Stan
I am at EOTT this morning . We released 3rd quarter earnings and have a analyst conference call . We did pretty good . Daddy
I will leave Houston around 10:30 tomorrow , so lunch should be around 1:30 . Then I am free for at least a couple of hours before I have to go to the Hyatt . I will leave SA on Friday at noon if you want a ride home or if you want me to follow you . I think however you leave earlier than that and thats ok . I will be tied up the rest of the time there . Love , Dad
Good news . Congratulations and good luck .
I understand . Thanks for the update .
Sorry I am unable to attend but appreciate the invitation .
not interested . thanks
Just as I was getting well . Anyone want to plat golf the Saturday after Thanksgiving ? I anm ready to resume play .
test
Shelly , we can do that but check with Cindy when she returns next week .
Sounds good . give me a call when you return . Happy Thanksgiving to all .
Unfortunately I cannot play on Sunday . We will try the following weekend . Thanks
Take it easy . I tried to play last week at a company outing and can barely walk now . It is hell getting old! ! Happy Thanksgiving .
I will attend in person . Thanks
Lunch sounds great . The question is when would be a good time . Cindy is out this week but I will have her figure out a date .
My knee is killing me . I am going to sue Dr . Frost! ! I just decided to go pretty easy on it for the next couple of weeks and see if it gets any better . Talk with you tonight . Bye the way Jessica is not doing well . DK is taking her to the doctor today . I will let you know how she is tonight . Dad
Shelley , we need to make sure Mike knows of all the ramifications of this entire deal . I have no problem with them pursuing a regulatory approach to the quality issue but a commercial decision would be better for all parties .
Looks ok to me .
I am glad things are working out for you .
Six lousy weeks away from me and you go do something like this . Now it will no more golf because you will have too many "honey do's" to do . Just kidding . That is great news . Congratulations . I can't wait to meet her . When is the wedding date ?
I do not think I will be able to do the conference call tomorrow . Could you call me on Monday with further information on our panel ?
Good morning . I am at EOTT today and then I will go into to town for a little while . Jessica is no9t doing very well and neither I am I . Fell like I am coming down with something . Talk with you later tonight . Sorry I didn,t get to talk with you last night . Both babies were real fussy and we had to work hard to get them down . I did a pretty good job with Jason ! I look forward to you getting home for Turkey Day ! Dad
I recieved the same document . If you would distribute it to the committee that would be appreciated . I would think we might want to discuss it at the Board meeting prior to setting up another meeting with EEI . What do you think ? I can see pros and cons of meeting with EEI prior to the next Board meeting . Depending on the strawman I feel we are beginning to lose key support from the Board to work this matter . Bill we need to get the Board to continue to follow him if we are to make progress .
Good morning . Thanks for the yahoo greeting . It made my day . Have a great day . Remember that Cathy and Carol's birthday is Nov . 30th . I sent them a card and a $100 check to go out to dinner on us . I signed it from all of us . Hope you don't mind . They would enjoy an email from you . Love' Dad
Thanks for the strawman . I would like to discuss it at our GISB Board meeting on December 7th . Any problems with doing that ? We have distributed to the Board Committee only . My initial reaction is there is alot we agree on but there is much we do not agree on . Let me know about the Board meeting . Also , this Board meeting will be my last as Chairman . I do not know what role , if any , Bill Boswell ( the incoming Chairman ) would like me to play in the future in this effort . Stan
It should be the Chairman's choice but I would favor a Houston location . Also , please strongly consider having the Board meeting on Tuesday afternoon in lieu of the golf outing . You might just get some Board members to attend at least one day of the annual meeting . Stan
I am aiming for next wekend . I need one more weekend to get the soreness out of my knee which I messed up by playing too soon two weeks ago ! Thanks for asking .
Thanks for remembering their birthdays . Drive carefully! ! See you sometime this weekend
I think we should try to keep alot of this out of oour emailfiles !
Based upon your representations I see no conflict and wish you well in your new job .
Ditto . Busy morning
My condolences on the loss of your grandfather . Please let us know if there is anything we can do . Stan
You are beginning to realize that time goes by awfully fast and we had better enjoy what we are doing while we are doing it . You never get another chance at today! ! End of my phiposophical analysis of life for tday ! You are welcome to the car . I will try to bring it tonight or better still can your Mom bring you over to get it tomorrow . Either way is ok . Daddy
Steve indicated to me that Koch has a 50% interest in the company .
Thanks . Seems like everyone had a good time . Happy Holidays! !
A's always please me . You seem to have applied yourself this semester and I am pleased . Congratulations .
Thanks for the note . My policy is that I do not interfere in the hiring practices of my direct reports other to ensure that ETS is complying with all Enron policies and procedures . I suggest that you contact Jerry Martin , Phil Lowry and Gary Smith . Good luck on your search ! Stan
Will do . Thanks !
I have asked Wilson Barbee t9o see if he can provide any assistance to you . I do hope you find something that meets your qualifications . Thanks for keeping me updated . Stan
I can play on Sunday morning this week . My eldest daughter has a Horse Show that I need to be at on Saturday . Next week I could play either Saturday or Sunday . Please let me know .
Looks ok
looks good
This looks ok to me .
I agree with Jim; it doesn't cost anything to listen .
I agree with most of this but have found from experience that if you give originators the freedom to pursue deals with little restrictions the deal flow improves dramatically . For EOTT , we want to pursue acquisitions of energy assets period. . We do not need to limit ourselves to the crude oil business . In fact a portfolio of assets would likely reduce the companies overall risk to crude prices . Second , we want to avoid any additional exposure to commodity prices . Therefore , fee based business structures are the best fit . That would include pipeline acquisitions ( crude , liquid , natural gas , CO2 , etc ) as well as fee based processing . Non-qualified income based aquisitions are also ok as long as they are fee based-type deals 9IE..electric generation) . Terminals are also an excellent acquistion for MLP,s . Does this get to your issues ? Thanks
Who is playing on Sunday besides me !
A report would be fine . You two are the experts .
I will see you at 9 am on Sunday . I am looking forward to playing again and to seeing you after almost a month .
Thank you for sending these reports to me . They are informative and timely . By the way , did you get Randy Horton's power of attorney form ? She has asked me to invest some of her excess cash and I executed the form and thought she had mailed it in . Please let me know . Thanks to you and David for the outstanding service . Stan
Good luck to you . Hopefully I can get out there this afternnon and see you ride . I love you . Daddy
This looks good ! Thank you .
I heard you are scheduled for another interview . Good luck .
Just a note to say Good Morning . See you this afternoon at EOTT . Stan
The Board of Directors of GISB decided yesterday at their quarterly Board of Directors meeting to continue discussions with EEI and other interested groups regarding the formation of an Energy Standards Board . Stan Horton , GISB's Chairman , stated "while there are many differences between the approaches advanced by GISB and EEI , there are also alot of similarities." GISB is hoping to respond to the stawman advanced by EEI by the end of January . GISB is also seeking input from other interested industry segments on the two proposals which have been advanced thus far .
Thanks
Please just call Cindy Stark to get on my calendar . I would warn you that I cannot see expending money for such a book since I do not see any value that would be added . It would be nice to have but I was turning down painting projects on our pipeline that were in the $10k range during oour budget cycle ! Stan
Glad you finally made it ! Good luck on your Legal exam today . Get some rest and start studying for Wednesday and Thursday exams . The finish is close at hand . Enjoyed taking you last night . I like the time alone with you . Saturday , I have a haircut at 2:30 so we can start shopping at 3 or go early and be done by noon . Let me know and send me your Mother's list ! Dad
There is sure alot of scheduled activity where there is no revised completion date or a note that it is completed . Can we get an update ?
I am very pleased and wish you all the best in your new job . Please keep me updated on how you are doing . I guess this will make your Holidays a little better ! Stan
Caron mentioned it to me but we did not have time to talk about it . I will talk with her this weekend and see what she has to say.Hope everything is going well .
Sunday morning works best for me . It is supposed to rain on Saturday . Stan
By the way I have the sweater you wore last Sunday that you left on the golf cart .
The press release looks fine
Great . Just what we needed .
I am glad that everything worked out . Good luck in your new job !
Thanks . Glad you had a good time
John and I agreed that we would not send the letter at this time .
In reviewing the key items of your business review with Jeff Skilling , he had some issues with your new Broadband business . Please provide me with some more detail as follows: It was mentioned that we had spent around $13 million thus far on dark fiber . How much of the resultant capacity has been sold ? Are we laying the dark fiber at risk ? In other words are we taking a long position in dark fiber . What is our capacity situation today ? Do you have a business plan for this new venture..ie what is the anticipated capital expenditures annually for this venture . Who are the customers ? What is the expected return ? What is the payback on our investment , etc . Who approved the formation of this new venture and the capital commitment ? Anything else that will help me get a clear understanding of what we have and where we are going with it .
Love you too . I wrapped Mom's present . It is ready for you ton pick up . Gave Mom your allowance this morning . Sorry I forgot o9ver the weekend . Dad
Rod Hayslett has it I believe . They just do not give up !
Please handle
I have forwarded your memo to Mark Metts who is handling the sale of Enron Wind . Mark will make the necessary contacts .
That is fine with me . I would like to get this approved as soon as possible .
Thanks . I thought it was a good time also .
I wasn't sure if you got my response to your email .
I wish I could be there to see her face too . Take pictures! ! Sorry I will be unable to see you this weekend . Talk with you tonight . Daddy
Yes
I will do whatever you would like to do . Saturday is fine . Let me what time and I will be there . I have no specific plans . Dad
THANK YOU ! Sorry about the admin gaffe .
I think the best way to handle this is for you to get with Mary Joyce and her team and work out the details . I think the last item may be of some concern . If there are issues that can't be resolved between Mary and you I will gladly get involved . Does this sound like a good plan ?
Tuesday works for me .
This should be the first major step to getting this done . Let me know if I can be of help !
I am glad that your Mom is happy ! It means alot to me . Sorry you are not feeling well . I'm not either . I have not felt well since I gave blood on Friday . Talk with you later . Dad
UNFORTUNATELY! ! work totalled interfered with my plans to go to the Masters last weekend . I was so mad I didn't even want to play golf . I am over that now and would like to play this coming weekend . I can play Saturday morning ( need to finish by 2pm) . or Sunday morning . I will be out of town Wednesday thru Friday so just let Cindy know if anyone can play . Have a good week .
Forgot about Easter . I am not that religious either but no sence in taking chances . Saturday is good .
I am glad it made you happy . That is very important to both Caron and me . It is nice to see you excited . It made our day too . Stan
If the sales representative from the Jaguar dealership calls please get in touch with me . Have a good morning ! The Boss
Good morning . I'm at EOTT .  Talk with you later . Stan
I would love to come and participate . I think the best I can do is come in the night before and perhaps(? ) attend the night game and then do the golf tournament the next day and leave after the dinner . Talk with Dave about who I should be paired up with . I would like to play with either him or Mike McGowan also . Tell Dave he stood me up last year but it was worth it .
Probably replacing Ken Harrison with myself is the right movr . Please go ahead and handle making the necessary changes . Thanks .
I checked with Rick Buy's group on where they were on The RAROC analysis of your proposed broadband project . They aren't doing anything according to Rod who checked for me . It seems to me that we need to do several things to either kick this into gear or to put it on hold pending completion of a sale . 1 . We need to find out from Mark Metts if this deal adds any value to the transactions being proposed . I will talk with Mitch and Mark about this issue . 2 . We need to determine EBS interest in this business..ie are they a buyer or seller of Portland metro dark fiber . If they want to be in this business wouldn't it make to develop this project as EBS and not to include it in a sale ? 3 . A project of this size will take Jeff's approval . The projected Phase I capital is above my threshold . I will talk with Kevin Hannon and Mitch and then get back with you . Sound like a plan ?
I am here . I will leave the office about 2pm . I'll see you this weekend . Good luck on your test on Thursday ! Dad
Would you please look into this and advise me as to whether we can do this . Also , Rod Hayslett is checking with Michael Anderson on whether Wessex would like to perform certain billing and payable functions for Enron Europe .
Who is going to put our presentation together ? I will give it if you and Bob feel that is the right thing to do but I just do not have time to put the presentation together . Stan
Please advise
FYI> Responce requested . Thanks
I go to Washington DC tomorrow morning returning on Wednesday evening . I will not be in the office either day . Do you want tickets to Astros game on Friday night ? If so let me know . They play St . Louis with Mark McGuire . I know you will do great this week . You are always prepared . Good Luck . Daddy
Good luck and thank you for a job well done .
If you need my signature you should get it by noon on Monday or it will have to wait until Thursday .
The Red Rock expansion needs to get approval at the May 1st Board meeting . The procedure is to submit it to the Finance Committee of the Board for approval .  Assuming the Finance Committee approves the project they would recommend it to the Board for approval . By this memo , I am requesting that Rod coordinate with Rick Buy to get it on the Finance Committee agenda . I will be in town for both the Board meeting and the Finance Committee meetings . If formal presentations are required at the Finance Committee we can decide who should do them . It is my understanding that no presentation needs to be done at the Board meeting . I will check with Jeff to see if he wants a formal presentation to the Finance Committee or if he will do it himself .
The engagement letter was mailed last week . If you do not get it by tomorrow please let me know . Thank you .
Thanks for the update . I agree that getting the past amount will take some time .
Thanks for the update . Going to one of the power desks was a good move . Experience on the desk will prove very valuable in the years ahead . I hope you made your Dad pay a premium for those peakers ! Stay in touch .
Since we are in the process of trying to exit this business the answer from Enron Wind would be no . You might want to contact Condy Plson to see if the idea has any value to Enron .
I agree . There have been way too many surprises from this group lately .
I will do whatever I can . Joe is a real good person . Besides I think you could become a very good regulatory analyst for us and Joe would be a wonderful teacher . I hope everything works out for you personally and professionally .
I have the tickets . Invite some friends if you want because I have four tickets and no babysitter . Perhaps your Mother would like to go . Have a good day . Sorry I have been so busy this week . Daddy
Congratulations . It totally made may day also! ! I was coming back downtown from EOTT and went down Westheimer . When I passed the old apartments I lived in for awhile all the bad days came thundering back and I just about lost it ! So you made my day ! Thank you ! Love , Daddy
The letter looks good . It is factual and correct .
Contact Joe and suggest that he meet with you while you are there or I could do it for you . Let me know .
I w3ill take them over to your Mom's or leave them with Debbie . If they are not at your Mom's , they are at my house .
OK. .
Are you sure Lohitt is the right person to do this job . What about EOTT ? No one at EOTT even knew that Steve was leaving before I told them last week . Communication skills are crucial in this job and I never thought that was one of Lohitt's strong skills ,
That is not the issue . By putting us in the middle between GTB and Solar we would be the ones that would have to resolve any differances between the wo if the unit does not function properly . The whole deal gets complicated since there is a design engineer . oerator and equipment manufacturer and we get in the middle between the equipment manufacturer and owner . If the unit does operate properly , everyone will point fingers at everyone else , I have seen this happen coutless times on EE&CC projects . Why do I want to take this risk on an international project that according to Jerry's own numbers gets me about $800,ooo in current perios earnings and another $400'ooo deferred over many years . It just is not worth the time and risk for that kind of money . I think Phil Lowry agrees with this assessment also .
I waited to get you one until they worked out all the kinks . See how thoughtful I am .
I assume you have taken care of this and Jim is available immediately
Looks good to me .
The information should have been sent to you by now . I was out of town last week . Sory about the delay . Email is a great way to comminicate on this . Thank you .
I will call you tonight to catch up on the prom etc . Orlando was ok . Nothing great . By the way , DK , the twins and I will be in Florida June 30 - July 10 . When are you coming ? We will need to get plane reservations ASAP .
This is the entire conversation that I did not send previously .
Glad you could join us .
Great idea !
If you are bored go work out ! That is time consuming and good for you . That is fine with the credit card . If you work out it is ok to go shop and put it on the credit card . Just not too much . By the way DK's birthday is April 30 and the JJ's are May 2 . No one expects presents but it would be nice if you got DK a card . She is taking your car in today to be fixed . Daddy
Friday is fine with me .
I am not aware of any other conflict with schedules . I suggest we go ahead with the meeting .
Glad you could make the trip .
The game was awesome . Our tickets were directly behind homeplate . Debbie said she could see me on every pitch and knew that I left the bootom half of the 8th inning . She said I never picked my nose once on camera . Pretty good , huh . Have a good day . Talk with you later . By the way , your car is done . They had no problem removing the oil filter at all . They only had to wriggle it a little bit . Love , Daddy
Short and to the point . No changes
Sounds good about the car and the horse show . WHERE is David staying this weekend when he comews up . I am not sure I approve of this . What is the deal ? Email me at home .
Yes . Let me know about follow=up plans .
Workout , study , study and then go shopping for something new .
Thanks rae . Debra Peppers is persistant so Flashfind may very well join our organization . $5,000 is good !
Please send a list of corporate types who could act a executor . I will get back ASAP . Thank you .
Please go ahead and execute . Thanks for checking with me .
I will continue to host them as long as I am on the Board unless someone else is dying to do it .
Thanks . I am glad everything is going well with the newlyweds . Debbie and I share some Astros tickets with some other people . Don't know if you are an Astros fan but we would love to have you and Ann join us at one of the games . We miss you on Saturdays . I am getting better . 94 last week with three triple bogeys . I can feel an 89 in the not too distant future . Stay in touch . Great .
Right now , we are concentrating on disposing of all Azuriz assets other than Wessex and Buenos Aires . John Garrison and Michael Anderson are handling getting CA's executed and books out to the respective parties . Just contact Michael directly about getting this kicked-off . Thanks .
I agree . I suggest the following . Joe , we need you to go give a pitch to Massey's assistats about what is going on . Next Jerry Halvorsen has scheduled a lunch with Massey in two weeks . He has invited me to attend . What do you think ?
No . The GP contribution is enough . I don't want to go to Jeff for another $2 million .
After giving it some thought I think just naming Debbie as executor and agent is the best course of action . Debbie is fine with this approach . Thank you .
I will be in attendance .
I will discuss your recommendation to seperate PGE from Enron's Health and Welfare Benefits with Cynthia Barrow and Mark Metts in the near future and will get back to you once that meeting is over .
I can play . That actually works well for me .
Contact Lou Pai . He is heading up our new Xelerator program that is looking at new business opportunities that are outside of our mainstram businesses .
The list looks complete .
30 days is acceptable . This is extremely important to us .
We cannot afford a communications or performance breakdown . I am looking to you to insure that one does not happen .
Thanks for the report . Just what I needed . Thanks for the report . Just what I need .
The normal process is to have him interviewed by three members of the Executive Committee who then confirm that he meets our requirements for being an Enron VP . I assume you are asking us to agree to deviate from this process . I am uncomfortable with that due to the fact that if the process is not going to be adhered to anyone can nominate a person for VP based on the strength of an individuals resume . If everyone else agrees to the exception I won't be the one to hold this up but I don't necessarily agree with the exception being granted .
What is the subject matter you wish to visit about ?
I'm glad you had a good weekend . I am taking DK out to dinner tonght so I won't be home . Dad
The list looks complete .
30 days is acceptable . This is extremely important to us .
Thanks for the report . The level of detail was on target . Let me know when you want to discuss comp issues .
Thanks for the report . Just what I need . Thanks for the report . Just what I needed .
What is the subject matter you wish to visit about ?
Sorry I guess I didn't read it very well . It's ok with me .
Ok . Contact Cindy Stark to make an appointment .
I figured this posting belonged to one of you . Please see the message from Danny Jones .
I have contacted the relevant people of your interest in the job .
This is ok by me . Rick looks like a good candidate .
Thanks for forwarding Peter's resume . By copy of this memo I am forwarding Peter's resume to Danny McCarty and Phil Lowry . Danny and Phil: Please follow-up with Vince if you have an interest in meeting with Peter . He seems to be a very qualified candidate .
Sorry I guess I didn't read it very well . It's ok with me .
Ok . Contact Cindy Stark to make an appointment .
I have contacted the relevant people of your interest in the job .
Mailing them to the house iis fine . It will give us some weekend reading ! Thanks .
Thank you for the invitation . Unfortunately Debbie and I will not be able to attend due to previous committments .
I know of no changes we need to make to the Board or to the Committee assignments . I will check with Mr . Lay's office to make sure he wants to remain on the Board . I will do that today and have an answer by tomorrow in all probability .
Nicely done !
It looks fine to me .
Jim , thanks for the invitation . I should know by Monday if I can make it . I hiope that is ok .
Sounds like you are having a tough week with all the Exchange/Outlook outages . Hang in there . The problems will be resolved . Also , we still like you !
Golf is scheduled for 2pm Saturday . Lousy start time but evidently they have a tournament of some sort on Saturday morning . Let me know if you can play or not . It is only you and I . Phone numbers are: work 713.853.6177 . Home 281.320.1240 . Also please email your phone numbers for future reference . No one has them .
Thanks but I will pass for now . I wouldn't mind looking at some muni's with shorter maturity dates though . I am concerned about long-term yields increasing which would mean bond prices decreasing . Doesn't it make since to go with shorter maturity dates ri8ght now ?
Go ahead and post the response to Gas Control issue ,
It would be better if Scot contacted EBS directly about a meeting . Kevin Hannon would be the right person . Kevin is the President and COO . I have no idea about whether they are in need of Spectrum's services or not . Let me know when you plan to be in Dallas . My daughter has a horse show ( we own three Arabian Horses that she shows ) in Fort Worth in mid June and I will try to get up there for at least some of it .
Unfortunately I am not going to be able to accept your generous offer to attend the Indy 500 . My wife and I have 1 year-old twins and I was hoping to get our Nanny to pull some week-end duty to help my wife with them as I went to the races . Unfortunately I was not successful in doing that . Leaving her to look after two infants while I attend the races didn't seem right . Thanks for the invitation !
I am on for golf on Saturday if anyone is interested . Tom , can you make the T time ? Saturday morning early is better for me . 830 to 9.:00 am start
Q2 earnings report looks very good ! Congratulations . I will keep it quiet until you are sure of the numbers . We should let Causey and Hayslett know for planning purposes ASAP . Given the recent events related to the proposed sale do you think it is even worth discussing the Benefits issue with Corporate ? Also , have we finalized all of the divestiture/retention deals ? Have a good week . Thanks .
Thanks for the report . Anything you need help with ? Did all the compensation issues get resolved with Gary and you ?
For your information . I still think we can do better than this .
After returning home and reviewing the material handed out at the PGE business review , there are two areas that I think I need to understand better . The first is PGE's energy positions going forward and the financial exposures to changing prices . The second is the rate case . I would be happy to return to Portland to get a more in depth review with a much smaller cast of players . I am open to suggestions from you . Given the status of the divestiture process , Jeff wants to make sure he ( and subsequently I ) have a good handle on these two important issues . Thanks !
You and I need to sit down and discuss in some detail John Ale's contract and yours . Let me know when a good time would be . thanks
Peggy , that all sounds very goo . I will attempt to get educated first and then we will set up a meeting . Thanks for being so cooperative .
Thanks for the note . O agree these items Colin and you are looking could be good for both entities .
It was so nice to hear from you . I am glad all is well . I am glad the new home is being enjoyed and that you have a job that you like . I am anxious to get the news of the birth of your new grandchild . Please let us know as soon as possible after the Geraldine delivers . Also let us know what hospital she is in where we can send an appropiate gift to mother and child . My best to you and your family .
Anything I can do to help ?
Rick Causey came to see me asking us to firm up our Q2 numbers . Can we let Rick know that your Q2 numbers are likely to be up ? If so by how much ?
Debbie has to be downtown for other reason on May 24th . Could you meet with her about 4:15pm at my office . I will schedule a conference room for your meeting with Debbie . Perhaps yopu could come around 3:45pm and I could go over any and all changes that I have on tem prior to your meeting with Debbie .
Looks ok to me .
The Madera project in California should not be going forward . We had a meeting whereby we all agreed to cancel this project . Please get with John to see what is up .
Please refer to the memo from Billy Lemons , Steve Kean and me dated May 11 regarding 2001 Western Hemisphere Associate & Analyst PRC Program .
I just went through a restructuring of my portfolio with Morgan Stanley . I think I am fine for now . Thank you .
Approve .
Please handle .
Corporate comp is relooking at your contract based on our converstion..ieyou would be entitled to severance payment eqyual to 2 year salary and bonus should you decide to leave the company provided that all or substantially all of the Azurix assts other than ? Wessex and Azurix Bu7enos Aires are sold . I will meet with Jim Derrick today to discuss John Ale . With regard to Beckett and Glasford; their agreements provide for retention bonuses provided they stay until September 16th . If they voluntarily leave before that they get nothing . There is no employment agreements in place that link anything to comparable positions titles or anything else . Should we move them over to Enron in Director positions and they are subsequently offerred positions elsewhere in Enron (  once we dispose of non-Wessex and ABA assets ) at Director positions , then they have a choice of accepting those positions or voluntarily terminating . Since there is no contractual agreements with these two I do not want to offer any kind of enhanced severance payments to them . I have contacted Ben Glisan regarding Glasford and he is polling his people about their view on an appropiate placement for him . I will talk with you when you return . Thanks .
Peggy Fowler should have someone from PGE calling you . If they don't please let me know .
I will be there/ Thanks .
I bought 5,000 units of Northern Border Partners at $39.56 with part of the proceeds . The roughly $975K is correct . Thanks . Any ideas on the cash ? I was thinking about $800k in munis and $800k in S&P 500 index fund . Your thoughts .
Please follow-up with Jeff as soon as possible . Let me know when someone has contacted Jeff . Thanks
Thanks . Go ahead and release but make sure Mark Metss' group have seen the financials before releasing to UBS .
Things are not always as they seem based on further due diligence .
I would be happy to meet with you . Just call Cindy to set up a time .
This is more information than I think we need to supply . Can we meet to discuss ?
I will make the tee times and let you know . Steve , I will include you and your wife for Sunday but please confirm if you can make it or not .
I cannot play on Thursday but thanks for letting me know . Could you check with Steve and his wife for their availability on Sunday . I emailed him but wanted to make sure he got it . Thanks .
I just now got a reply that the email address Steve gave me does not work . I keep getting the mail returned . I am usingDFSWTL@swbell.net . Could you double check this with Steve for me ? Thanks .
I have no such studies .
I will look into this myself .
I just wanted to make sure you guys know everything I do . Actually this is somewhat bullish considering past legislative attempts .
Cindy double checked . We are ok for 8:15 on Sunday
I would appriciate if you would send to me each week the PGE Position Report . Also , at your convenience I would like to spend some time via telephone to run through the report to make sure I understand just what is being reported . I'll have my assistant call to set-up the phone call early next week . Also , to whom in Risk Management do you send the position report ? Thanks .
I am open for luch Wednesday and Thursday . Let me know which fits your calendar the best . DK did tell me about the Mark Marin tournament . If your Mom saved the paper let me have it for reference . Did you see the Sunday paper RE: the 100 highest paid executives in Houston ? Dad
Tomorrow is best for me . I will make reservations as Massas across the street . Does that work for you . Around 11:45 ?
Thank you .
I am very happy for you . It sounds as if everything in your life is going in the right direction . I think you will enjoy working in the DC ofice and for Joe . I am sure you will learn alt . Also , thank you for remembering Jason and Jessica's 1 year birthday . The designer T-shirts were great and they look really cute in them . That was very thoughful of you to remember . Good luck !
Did anyone make a tee-time for golf this weekend . I can play Saturday as long as we are done by @ pm or any time on Sunday . Please let me know . I can make a t-time but I am not sure what we will get at this late date .
I have secured a tee time for Saturday at 9:52 am for the New Course . If I hear from Steve or Tom that they have a tee time already I will email you . So check your email tomorrow and I will confirm the time or call me tomorrow evening if that is more convenient . I look forward to playing given the mastery of the game I exhibited over the final 9 holes last week .
Chris , Steve got us a tee time at 7:52 am Saturday on the OLD course starting on #10 tee box . I have told him you will play . See you Tomorrow . Stan
Of cource . It is always good visiting with you . See you soon .
Ok with me .
I have no idea what this project is so an update would be appreciated . Please set something up with my assistant Cindy Stark . Thanks .
Nasim Khan is due to rotate back to the states very soon . He at one time worked for TW . He has experience in Business Development . Please give him some time when he calls to see if he can be of some value to our business development efforts .
Lunch is not good this week . I have a business lunch tomorrow . Thursday is the GISB Board meeting . Are you going ? I"ll give you a ride there and to your car afterwards if you do not need to come back downtown to work . Let me know . Dad
Call my assistant , Cindy Stark and set up an appointment .
Thanks . You made my day . I think she is kind of special so its nice to hear good things about her . See you tomorrow .
I got the Board book and note . Thanks , it made my day . I will be glad to take you to the Board meeting , and to the park & ride or home which ever you prefer . Call me tonight . Daddy
It sounds like the due diligence with UBS is going fairly well with no real surprise . The news is good on Indian Mesa I and II both on the deal with AEP and the financing . The real target is completion of the project on time . I am concerned about slippage again on Q2 due to the Greek project slippage and German installations being behind schedule . I am looking forward to seeing the Q2 numbers very soon . What is the issue on the L&S gearbox and what is the potential impact on 01 earnings given your statement that if we do not pass the test , it will present significant problems for 01 US sales . Let's talk by phone this week if possible .
I will know our schedule better next week . I would hope we could execute before the end of June at the latest . I will email you again on Monday . Thanks .
It is a bad day getting worse . Any more questions about how I am doing ? If it rains I am going out and standing in it because it will mean my day is actually improving . Talk with you later . Daddy
Yes , please go ahead and send the documents to David .
The name sounds ok to me . Better than EOTTMTBE<LP et al .
First of all congratulations on completing your degree . Having completed my Masters degree by going to school at nights and Saturdays while working full time I know first hand the commitment that takes . I suggest that you work through Mary Ellen in trying to find the right position . She knows Gary Smith , VP of HR for ETS . Between the two of them they should be able to offer you the right advise . Keep me informed .
Dana wins .
Q2 needs to be on plan . Work hard !
Count me in . See you tomorrow .
I don't like the answer tho the last question . Can we add that under the agreements we could cancel as early as ( date ) but no decision has been made with regards when actual termination would occur ?
How much does putting out the newsletter cost ? How often are you proposing to put it out ? Does it replace any other newsletters ? Is there any new information in the newsletter or just restatements of what Ken , Mark and Greg have already said ? Need to make sure we have included Brian Stanley's group in what constitutes EGS . Especially NEPCO .
Lets try it and then try to gauge whether it is accomplishing anything . I believe our employees are on information overload and putting out another newsletter adds to the overload . I have always believed that if we have an effective Corporate newsletter we don't need these subsidiary newsletters . Meaningful information can be included in the corporate newsletter . At ETS we used to have periodic FYI newsletters that were directed at key topics we needed to cover . You and I also need to do a budget review . The cost I am hearing from your group are to big for EGS to support . I had truly hoped that Gina's group combined with you and perhaps one other person could cover EGS . Gina's group was covering ETs and EOTT . I think Adam has a PR person so we need to find out what PR costs are in the Wind company . Also NBP's has there own PR person . Please set up a meeting with Cindy and Tracy . Thanks
I have it on my calendar and Debbie would like to come also . The plane can only fit so many so be careful you don't over invite if they are counting on the plane for transportation . Thanks .
I hope you are exercising reguarly given your chips , salsa , dip and beans .
I am having lunch today with El Paso's CEO for their international group ( Byron Kelley) . The meeting was set up to discuss El Paso's public positions in Brazil and the problems Orlando was having with them . I will add your concerns to the list of items to discuss and get back with you . Stan
Do yyou mind ig I give the attachment to Byron Kelley ?
I met with Byron Kelley who runs El Paso's international business . He is an old business aquaintance that I had not visited with in several years . Byron assured me that he would stop the type of press like the article you sent . He reiterated although that El Paso has had good success in dealing with the government in a very private way and did not want to publicise any differences that they may have with the government from time to time . He was willing to stop the press articles that defined differences between El Paso and Enron in their approach to Brazil but had no desire to join Enron in publically trying to effectuate change in Brazil . The meeting was very friendly . Let me know if I can be of further help . Hope all is well with you and you and your family .
Yes
With everything that is going on it would be prudent to hold off pursing any acquisitions at this time . Thanks .
CONGRATULATIONS> Job well done .
Congratulations .
I hope somebody else draws my name then .
Please call me tonight and five me an update . Good luck on the mythology test .
Ask Julie to play with us . I could play Sunday if that would be better .
The Wall Street has some good articles . Read it every day this week . Glad Rose and you are doing good . Busy day for me . Lots to do . Call tonight . Love , Dad
We definately need to talk ASAP . Please call Cindy or call me at home 281.320.1240 . With regard to 1 ) and 2 ) the answer for now is no for now . Between Rod and Tod we will keep you covered . You will have to work double load for a while longer with regard to Americas-GM . The O&M makes sence . Go ahead . I will explain all this when I talk with you .
It looks good to me .
Jack Urquhart has inquired as to his continuing role for providing oversight of the Trojan decommissioning . I think he sits on the review committee . Please give your thoughts on this . I think we need someone from Enron on the committee but given Jack's changing role he may or may not be the right person . Please acknowledge receipt of this given our email difficulties . Thanks Stan
Looks good
I think we should add to the letter "each year the Chairman of the Natural Gas Council has to privilege to name two individuals to the Council . The experience you have gained as both a state and federal regulator coupled with experience working in the private sector makes you an excellent addition to this years Council." A similarly worded phrase could be added to Rick's.Thanks
Calm down . The operative word is it has been put on hold . These are not normal times . No one saw this coming or we could have planned better . Give us a few days to figure everything out . We just made the decision today to preserve cash while we were waiting to see what was going to happen . Thanks for your cooperation which I desperately need right now .
Too bad about the Saporito's . It's tough to see a family break apart . It was nice that ours could stay together even if it is non-traditional . You know how much I care about your Mom's happiness and welfare . Too bad about your week coming up but considering the two weeks I have had you get no sympathy . I will be here late tonight . Love Dad. . GET THE WSJ EARLY TOMORROW !
I agree with your last sentence . Thanks for helping us through this crunch time .
Watch the news tomorrow ! Big Day ! Call me
Long term investors get rewarded . Hang in there . You haven't lost until you have sold . Be careful not to let your losses turn into long-term losses . Short-term losses are treated as ordinary income for tax purposes meaning Uncle Sam absorbs 40% of your losses ! Then buyback and hold for a few years .
Hopefully you know what this is about
Done
Great
Your thoughts .
I think this is a good summary of where we are: 1 . QF Status: Mirant is willing to provide a legal opinion that it meets the QF status under the PPA if it is required to close . 2 . A market report should be issued by Mirant today as to the reasons they have only been able to secure $300 million instead of $500 million in insurance . Hopefully this will satisfy the lenders . 3 . Mirant's proposal went out today on how to protect the lenders if the SHO is extinguished . 4 . Mirant and GE have agreed to a closing checklist and fee coverage . Things left to do: 1Finalize all documents 2 . Receive underwriter approval on the resolution of all insurance claims . 3.Agree upon mirror guarantees with Enron and Mission relating to the Union Carbide guarantees . Jeff Donahue informs me that CFSB feels secure that this deal will close on December 15 but not before . The reason is that there are PPA bids that need to go out by that date . Let's keep daily status reports coming . If I have misrepresented anything in the summary , please let me know .
I'll be fine . Thanks for thinking of me . I am more worried about the 13,000 people that work for me . Tough time bro' ! I noticed yesterday that my hands were staring to tremble a bit . I think I need some time off when this is over..not too much time though .
How much did I give Dennis last year ?
Thanks . Steve has been a valuable asset for Enron and ETS which is exactly why other Enron business units are so interested in his services . I made sure that Steve knew that he could stay with ETS . The decision was his . However , we must always remember that sometimes we need do what is in the best interest of Enron and not just ourselves . Thank you for letting me know your feelings .
We will miss you also . Glad we had you for the time we did . See you at the Board meeting . Stan
I will be there unless I have to work . For now I am ok .
Thanks . I made it clear to Steve that he could have stayed . Steve made the decision that was in his and the company's best interest . He has not contacted me about staying .
Thanks Mike . That means alot .
Thanks . I have heard from just about all of Steve's reports about retaining him . Steve was given the choice to stay at ETS . He made the choice that was in his and Enron's best interest . Steve is a quality individual and an exceptional leader . His talents need to be showcased and I think he understood that . I appreciate your comments on Steve's replacement . We have finished the interviewing process and will make a choice in the next couple of weeks or sooner . Your recommendation is appreciated . Thanks again for the kind words . Stan
Looks like I need to cancel . My wife reminded me that I promised to take my daughter to lunch on Saturday . She hasn't been home in a month and I would like to see her . Can you play on Sunday morning ? If so I will try and get a t time . Let me know . Thanks .
We are on for lumch . The guys wanted to play golf Saturday at 11:30 but I told them I had lunch with you and couldn't make it .
OK but you need to fill out the form and get it to Cindy . If you need help call Cindy . She can schedule the plane for you and probabley take care of the paper work .
I would like you to get directly involved in selling the assets we have targeted for next year while overseeing the operations of Mariella , Pete and Orlando . That is alot of stuff . However I will keep you in mind as we figure out who is going to be on the transition team .
I will call him again on Monday . Do I get a commission . Just kidding .
I WOULD LIKE TO DISCUSS . PLEASE CALL TOMORROW IF POSSIBLE . I THINK WE SHOULD PUT A NUMBER ON THE TABLE .
Supposedly but I am trying to get out of it . I will let you know .
Thanks Eric . Nice job handling all of this !
We will discuss at the next Staff meeting . Thanks for bringing it up . Any feedback from the floor meeting yesterday would be appreciated .
As I said yesterday it is my understanding that we need Dynegy's permission in order to engage in such discussions . I however have not seen the final merger documents so I may be mistaken . Given Dynegy's presentation to the analysts on Monday it doesn't look like the want to divest of the pipes . This is Greg's call .
I agree the timing is awful . By this memo I am asking Gary Smith to see if this can be expedited in any way .
Please call Cindy and set up a time for us to chat . If it would be helpful I would gladly to a phone meeting with your Direct reports .
Are we sure we want to do a Board presentation on my group . Everyone is so busy doing a presentation is not on anyone's priority list ? If so do we want to just do the pipes or all of Global Services ?
Good job .
Thanks Ken . The Dynegy folks took me to New York for the analyst prsentations and made a big deal about Enron's pipelines and about me coming over . The only problem is they never asked me if I was planning on going over . I know their CEO and COO very well so I will probably have a choice . I would like to see this thing through . I committed in my current contract to stay until 3/1/05 so I would like to keep my commitment even though the options they gave me sign the contract are worthless . I do feel an obligation to help right the ship . My businesses keep performing well and are anchoring the ship right now . Employees are pretty scared so having some key executives stand up and commit to stay is pretty critical . Either way I will be fine . Thanks for your concern . It means alot . Stan
I trust everything is going well . Please let me know if there is anything I can do . At the next Board meeting I am sheduled to provide the Board with an update of Enron Global Services . Could you have someone prepare a couple of slides on Portland . One should deal with the major accomplishements of your group in 2001 ( ie rate case etc ) in bullet form . The second should be an update of the deal with NNG . Perhaps a summary of the deal and then where we are in the timeline of key events . Call if you have questions . Thanks . The Board meeting is scheduled for December 6th .
Thanks Mike . Much appreciated .
I am ok with the release and the MOU .
Thank you Rick . Those were very kind words . Everything will turn out ok . I believe that .
Thank you for your kind words . We will get through this and we all will be better for it . Lessons are sometimes learned the hard way .
I can't begin to tell you what my days are like now . Unbelievable is the only way I can Describe it . Not much time to do anything . Stress is at a record high . We will get through this though . DK and I will be going to the game tonight to see the Lakers . Talk to you tomorrow , Love , Daddy
Thanks . You got the message correct . We will not accept a firesale price but if the price is fair we are sellers . It is a tough message to deliver but people need to hear the truth . I appreciate your efforts in arranging the floor meeting . Any news on Eco ?
I am sorry I did not get to you first and let you know . My apologies . I really appreciated your interest in the position and your commitment to ETS . You are a quality individual and I respect you for that . Thanks .
My apology for missing the Dynegy Board meeting that Ken told me today at ! :00pm that you wanted me to attend . I had my international team in for business and budget reviews and to discuss what "non-core" means since both Dynegy and Enron have labeled them as such . We need to keep these folks motivated to get us through the sale process . I couldn't reschedule them since they were heading home tonight . They are fine and willing to see this through . Please let Chuck know that I just had a conflict . Congratulations on a very successful rollout with the Analysts on Monday . Sorry I couldn't go to Chicago with Chuck but it appeared I would have been a detraction . I would like to sit down over luch with you when you have the time to see what your plans are . In the meantime call if I can be of any help . Stan
The total bonus pool needed for EGS is $54,800,000 . The amount charged and paid by joint ventures is $5,091062 . The Enron portion would thus be $49,708,938 . This is a reduction of $14,846,779 for 2001 bonuses charged to Enron .
I know it must be frustrating being a ocean away and not really knowing what is going on . I can assure you that at times I too feel that I do not know everything that is going and that is probably correct . I can tell you that Jeff McMahon did receive the offer from the Royal Bank of Scotland at or around RAB . I have supplied him the potential financial impact of Enron accepting that offer . As of yesterday no decision had been made about responding to their offer . I suspect that a decision should be made early next week . I would appreciate your thoughts as soon as you can supply them to me . Ken Lay and Dynegy have both characterised Enron's investments in water assets as non-core which means of cource that they will be divested in due time . I would think that that would be the final straw that triggers the goodwill impairment . We all recommended that if Enron could not support the goodwill remaining on the books then we should proceed with trying to sell Wessex at or around RAB . That is where we are right now . Again , please send me your comments . I would try to keep this confidential since we have not yet made a descision . I am sorry if I have not done a good job of communicating with you the past few weeks . Things are quite hectic as you can imagine .
Thanks for the update .
Do we have to pay them !
Thanks . I am not surprised that we asked to meet with them but I am surpeised that Jeff did not mention it to me . Communication here is not great . Stan
No problem . Prudent actions given the circumstances .
I will await Jeff's call . Can you fill me in on what is happening with Wessex . Colin Skellet has been notified that the potential buyer is coming here to have discussions with McMahon . I need to get in the information loop if at all possible . Thanks
Quite frankly I am getting tired of memos like this ! There has not been a decision not to provide short-term liquidity for Enron Wind . If there was I would have called . Enron is in the midst of a liquidity crisis . I need the support of the entire team as does Enron to help us get through this . I need you to see the bigger picture and to think of ways that Wind can help . I need cost reductions , improved cash flow and SUPPORT . Thank you !
What meeting on Tuesday ? No one has informed me of a Tuesday meeting .
I like it . Thanks .
From a valuation standpoint I assume Case 1 would give us the highest multiple . The issue is is it doable ? We have achieved $600 million last year . Also , before we go further with Project Armstrong I would like to get Whalley and Dynegy to agree that if the discussions are successful we would do the deal . Let's suspend these discussions for the time being . Stan
We need to get this done . What other resources do you need to get this deal done .
I know the value Phil has brought to this effort . I also know his plate is full and I am glad you will assisting him on getting the EOTT problem under control . PLEASE keep me updated .
Yes the weather has turned somewhat colder . Busy day . Call tonight . Love you . Dad
Given our limited corporate resources , can we cut the IT newsletter ?
Ken has forwarded to me your letter of October 18 wherein you asked how Enron wanted to handle several activities which you are now engaged ( Trojan nuclear plant decommissioning , contract review for offshore sales and rep agreements and involvement in Transparency International) . Ken has asked me to work with you on this . Please let me know a good time to discuss . Thank you . Stan Horton
Thanks . To date I haven't heard anything from GISB .
That is your call . I am trying to make sure everyone is looking at their group and properly assessing where we can become more efficient . You have to way the benefits vs . cost .
I thought we should review the process with Mark and Jeff first . I will go ahead and invite either Jeff or Ray .
Thanks . That means alot .
Agree . We could waste alot of time with Candover and not get anywhere .
Thanks Mitch . I have 18 month old twins who could care less about my distractions . They are my stress outlet now . Happy Thanksgiving .
This does conflict with a meeting I have in Washington D>C> with Nortwest Natural that Dick asked for . Your call on rescheduling the meeting with Candover .
BUMMER on the test . Let it go an do well on the next and it won't make a difference . You are welcome anytime on Thanksgiving . I have some papers that you have to get notarized on Friday . I have also scheduled to have you Explorer for an oil change and lube job . I assume you have not done this yet . Write back
Thanks Frank . I will look over the resumes but given Enron's current condition we are not doing any new development projects outside of the pipelines and are relying on Corporate Development to assist with asset sales . Given all that I don't believe I have a spot for anyone . Quite frankly , I am concerned about keeping all that I have .
Given where we are I tend to agree with theswe statements .
No problem at all .
Please set this up for Monday .
Sorry but it is Enron's policy not to comment on these types of things . Rest assured that we have very experienced people who are evaluating offers we receive for any asset . Thank you .
Ok , but please expedite . Also , you should be aware that Todd has informed me of his need to pursue going on short-term disability . We are looking at internal candidates to serve as the CFO for the interim period as we seek to seel Enron Wind . You will of cource have input into the decision . My first interview is Monday with a Mike Miller who is in corporate development . I will keep you informed .
I am glad it worked out for you . It will be interesting to see how things unfold in the days ahead .
Thank you Frank . That means alot .
Good days are now impossible !
Congratulations on your test . Proud of you . Everyday is tough . I can't tell you what its like other than tough . Love , Dad
Thanks . Right now I know of no available opportunities but will keep you in mind .
I think we should talk with them if the have the cash . However , I get very nervous when anyone would commit $100 to $200 million with limited due diligence . Also , I would not want to announce anything until the deal closes . Preannouncing a deal of this size isn't goi8ng to stabilize anything . $1 to $2 BILLION might get a different answer . As to your involvement , you made the right call .
You have my permission to just refer them to Jeff Donahue . Jeff is in the process of naming individuals to assist in the disposition of our international assets . Corporate development , EGAS and investment bankers will collectively pursue the disposition . I woould think Dr . Boyce should be so advised of the process we are going to use . Jeff or his designee can deliver this message if you would like . Jeff , I assume this is the right approach given our converstion .
I am ok with this . Bill has done a good job .
Thank you . I feel I have neglected Wessex and you with all that is going on . The truth is that John , Michael and you are very capable of proceeding with little input from me . I did make sure with Corporate Development that Michael had to be involved along with you and your team . Communication here is not the greatest so please keep me updated . Thanks .
It seems we could be more responsive than this . Gary , can you help .
Thanks Mike . Should have known you were in control of the situation . By the way , how are you doing with all of this ?
I am doing ok . Needless to say I am disappointed but I am trying to provide some leadership . Thanks for asking .
Please call to set up a meeting . We should include Michael Anerson in the call . There are updates that I need to provide you with .
Debbie: Let me know if you get this . Cindy
What is wrong . My Blackberry did not pick up the email you were responding to
Thanks . Please make sure Bob Kelley is on the list .
Happy Holidays to you and your Staff . Selling Wessex is the rifht move for everyone . I am glad that things arew going well . @et me know if I can be of help .
Thanks Mike . We all will need to do our best to get this turned around in 2002 .
Set up a meeting with Cindy
Can you get a card to send to Morris ?
I doubt anybody wants that to happen . This issue is are we now at the point that Enron Wind cannot generate enough cash to meet its own requirements .
Please send Pam Benson the information for Joe on where to send the check , who to make it out to ,  etc
Another bit of background re Frankfurt ( see below) . I would be a little bimore insistent on German Consulate support than Herr Sturm suggests ( otherwise this could become a black hole for your time) .
Per my voicemail .
I have also received regrets from Horton , but confirmation from Metts
Anybody at the CFTC or on the hill we want to send brochures to ?
I will attend .
I wuold like to attend if my calendar is open
Any problem ? please advise Don .
I agree with Mark's points . While we have advocated our merger with PGE ( which did not concentrate market power ) we have intervened in opposition to most others . Moreover , there is some hope that the German government will take the opportunity to use the proposed utility merger to force greater open access . We will likely encourage that action and may oppose the merger otherwise . Most mergers in this industry are defensive , not procompetitive , and , in my view , deserve no credit for convergence , innovation , or
We can create significant mutual benefit by partnering with a firm which is focussed on developing IT systems for bulk power systems: We need to take our deregulation model to the next level of detail by having IT solutions which will support our view of how the market ought to work . The IT firm would benefit from our access to the policy makers ( domestic and international ) whose decisions will make the IT firm's systems either successful or obsolete . Call me if you would like to discuss .
Mary -- see attached
There may be some press today about Enron's involvement in the Nepal hydro project . The government of Nepal is hopeful that we will pursue it , but we are not going to . Kelly's response on press inquiries will be that we are not pursuing the project . Kelly will also be getting in touch with David Howe . I just wanted to keep you guys posted in case you are getting questions .
I appreciate you pressing this issue . You should both be aware that Unocal(? ) has been sued by the families of four employees who were shot in Pakistan a couple of years ago . Their claim is that the company did not provide adequate security and ignored official warnings of trouble in the region .
Please respond and copy me .
A typical utility luncheon .
I don't really have a problem with this , but I thought that all VP promotions were supposed to go through our year end process . That's what I have been saying in response to the inquiries I am getting . Ken , being newly back in the fold , likely didn't know about the process .
FYI . These are the items I left Ken a voicemail about .
I will be out of town that day ( a meeting I can't move) . Please continue to let me know about future meetings . Lora Sullivan@ENRON
A "dedicated room" isn't as bad as it sounds . It would not be in use full time and the only equipment requirements are 4 screens ( which one of the team rooms can accomodate ) and a network connection ( which the team rooms already have) . Let me know what you think . Also: I talked to Salisha about Lara's move and it's ok with me ( I think we were originally concerned that she wanted space we were setting aside for graphics , but she is actually moving deeper into her group ( and next to her files)) .
Looks good . Some of his questions suggest he's going to include a fair amount of industry reaction -- which could be a mixed bag , some are clearly threatened by efficiencies in bw markets . Looks like it will be a really good story . He definitely appears to be excited by it .
yes -- just make sure the working group leaders know .
I won't be able to attend . Let me know if I need to be hooked up by phone or if you will just brief me afterward .
Looks like a full slate; you're off to a great start . Maureen -- please put times and locations on my calendar as an fyi .
Typo in second paragraph .  . should be companies not company
Is Catherine working on environmental policy related to sustainability or is she working on greenhouse gas transactions .  .  .  or both ?
I'll send it back on Tuesday .
It looks like Enron Japan was kept in the loop . Let's keep it up . Good luck
On the advice of my much esteemed spouse , I would like to express great interest in this group . Thanks
Please put on my calendar and call to confirm my attendance . thanks
Am I taking care of you or what? ?
Terry was acting with full coordination from Jose . The problem was this: Daly insisted someone speak on behalf of the group to the press ( and designated Terry to be the one); Terry did not have the updated information that we were about to meet with the government officials and deliver a slightly different message ( i.e . that we needed to know if the government planned to really open Petrobras or not -- the implication being that we would work within either decision but we needed to know one way or the other); Terry was simply not in possession of this information and no one had given it to him ( probably because they had no reason to assume that Terry would be thrust in front of the press); moreover , it's hard to see how Terry could have taken such a position publicly anyway . By my eyes Terry did the best he could and we had an unavoidable communications bust . I know the Southern cone team is moving to make it right , but I see absolutely no reason to come don on anyone about this .
Please add Terrie to the meeting with Beth , Bill , Palmer , et al
FYI
Okay , so I didn't know what a "DRIP" is , but now that I do , I'm sending this to you .
FYI
Any of the following would be great ( prop ref no.): TUS-020-02 ( the last one on your list ) I would prefer one with a tennis court in the complex . Go ahead and book . Thanks !
Rosie and Sherrie: Jeff Ken and Joe wanted to discuss the attached . Joe -- this is the same document I forwarded to you earlier .
I'm normally not a big fan of conferences , but this one may be of interest . I think it may be of even more interest if we don't speak: it's possible some utilities may say some of the same things we would say , but they may be less likely to do so if we speak and they feel they have to respond . Let me know what you think .
What are our chances of final approval at FERC at the JUly meeting . Jeff still thinks this is a third quarter close . Do we have any chance of making that happen ?
My copy shows long term comp on the exhibit under "Grant Award" . And yes , the date will be revised .
Forgive me if I have forgotten , but had you suggested a topic for our next advisory council meeting ?
I understood the "validation" process to be a fairly flexible name applied to a wide variety of approaches . What we specifically discussed , and what scott s . left prepared and committed to do , involved looking at individual curves , the assumptions underlying them and some process ( yet to be specifically determined ) for addressing updates . We agreed to start with the top 20 curves and especially those which are involved in the upcoming deals . I think the confusion is in what the term validation means . In the ENA context it means one thing; in this context it means what we discussed ( which was in Jim's memo and , as you'll recall , we went through point-by-point) . Let's just get this done .
Let's process this request . I think it's justified .
I need you to run these items by Rick . I take full responsibility for approving the hiring of the Hills firm ( and I look forward to meeting with you and Carla as we discussed) , but remain hopeful we can use their services for something other than WTO . In the wake of Seattle , and as I have come to understand better what the WTO can and cannot do for us on the energy services front , I have come to the view that our talent and money would be better spent on other activities . My inclination is to do the bare minimum necessary to keep the machine going . If we have specifically committed to certain things , then let's follow through . If there are things we can avoid , let's avoid them . Specifically with respect to Fischer going to Geneva , Why not have him available by phone at all hours to provide assistance and mage that known to USG instead of underwriting additional travel . With respect to the Hills firm , can we use the retained time to help with the specific strategies we are now working out for the regions ? These are the kinds of things we need to consider .
I agree with Rick . I know Jose is tied up on current business , but his input will be important . To date we have been relying on legal analysis of required approvals etc . That information is essential but it is , as you know , about 10% of the issue . The far more critical considerations are how is the government likely to react on a political level and what can we do about it . I think our government affairs people are in the best position to make these assessments .
do I need to do anything ? I believe the only transaction I had was related to a set of shares which were released to me earlier in the year . Some of the shares were sold at that time to pay the income tax on the distribution . We discussed this before and my recollection is I did not have to make a filing . Could you confirm by e-mail ?
Do you have an "alumni" list of analysts/associates in key positions at Enron ?
I think the message Christi prepared is great . Check with her one last time and then let it go .
Congratulations !
Yes , you are .
Thanks for the message .
That's OK , I was going to use it in the presentation , but it wasn't essential . Was my talk what you were looking for ?
I believe it is timely to discuss this again and I agree with Cynthia that stand alone legislation does nothing to address the essential transmission structural issues . I am open minded on the issue if someone can make a compelling case to support stand alone legislation , BUT my gut reaction is that it would be a serious mistake . Congress would happily put off dealing with this issue for years if it passes reliability only legislation . I think the legislation itself makes little or no progress on our issues and may even set us back on making progress at FERC and in other fora . I realize that if this gets going it may be hard to stop , but it would be such a cynically ineffective approach to the real reliability problems that we should help whomever we can to put a stop to it . If it gets through committee , I have no confidence in this Congress to actually amend it into something better and broader , so , again , I have difficulty seeing why we should go that route . I look forward to the discussion . Cynthia Sandherr@ENRON
Any follow up questions or India press about the bloomeberg story I sent you yesterday ?
Joe asked me to get in touch with you regarding Indian media reports/inquiries on possible sale or sell down of Dabhol and to discuss a possible statement in the event we get additional inquiries . Give me a call
I agree that we need to add our customer contacts to the list . This gives them a great opportunity to look smart -- "we went to the market and got price protection" . On the messages we need to include Mark's top three: 1 ) price caps cause shortages ( Rob Bradley: let's put some historical examples together )
I agree with Mona: we need to include some customer contacts .  .  .  it gives them an opportunity to look smart about going to the marketplace and getting price protection . The messages need to include Palmer's top three: 1 ) price caps cause shortages ( Rob- can you put together soe historical examples?); 2 ) better solutions are already available; and 3 ) short term politics makes for long term problems . On item 2 ) we need to talk about the competitive offerings to San Diego , the fixed price offerings available at retail , and the availability of conservation and demand side management technology today ( including its availability to the consuming public from existing suppliers .  .  .  ie you don't need to wait for Enron to make a consumer offering) .
I do not . Enron Energy Services
Preliminary congratulations! . Looks like a good plan . Keep me posted .
I think this is a great initiative , but it is critically important that any announcement of the panel makes it crystal clear that the objective of the group is to come up with standards to facilitiate competition . We will do nothing but waste time if it becomes a negotiation over competition . the best and politically easiest time to make that objective clear is in the original announcement , not after the group gets underway . Can we get in touch with DOE to make sure they pick this up ? Cynthia Sandherr@ENRON
Wow ! Was this expected ?
Do we have someone who works for us now who was at Transredes when the government owned it and could help us do a comparison between our respective environmental records ? It seems to me that even though we are having our share of problems , we have probably had fewer problems than the government did and have probably been more responsive and thorough in our clean up efforts . Obviously , we would need to be judicious about how we used such information ( we don't want to aggravate the government) , but having such an analysis may be helpful in showing the progress made and in discouraging overly punitive action by the government . What do you think ?
I still need to talk to you about our public message in India . I am on my way to Calgary tonight . My hotel number is 403-266-7331 . Thanks .
Thanks for the referral . We definitely want to get our story out to these guys . Just for future reference , Meredith Phillipp is handling "New Media" for us . Thanks
Strong work , Laura !
Will we capture these "accelerations" in our accomplishments ?
Baby , I'm going to San Francisco on Aug 14?(Sunday ) returning Wednesday . Wanna go? ?
Attached are my comments on the Bliley amendment to the Largent amendment .
Let's add this to our daily distribution .
We don't know yet . He has been invited and we expect most will show up , but we won't know until they do . Enron Energy Services
In the underscored language added to the RTO section I would insert "access to" between the words "planning" and "maintenance" . Cynthia Sandherr@ENRON
Let's take the opportunity . Cynthia Sandherr@ENRON
I do too , but I think you should send it with the appropriate caveats ( which I communicated verbally to her) .
Fine
Looks good . looks good
I think you have picked the two most interesting industries . Because energy and telecom both have natural monopoly characteristics , the government gets involved in economic regulation ( not just the usual environment , safety , labor and other types of regulation which all businesses are subject to) . That means that there is constant interplay between policy makers and the business community and that policy makers have alot to say about which business strategies will be successful . Rob Wilson@ENRON
My message was sent before I finished it . I think it would be interesting to focus your attention on this interplay -- what policy changes have meant to companies ( ie the winners and losers ) and how explicit companies are about how government policy drives their business strategy in these industries . I also think it would be fascinating to compare regulators' visions for the industry they are restructuring with the reality after the fact . I believe you would find some similarities but also some substantial and interesting differences . Good luck with your studies . My best regards to Mike; I learned a great deal working for him . Rob Wilson@ENRON
Thanks for the update . Congratulations on your progress .
Please do send it out . Thanks for the kind words . I know you know how I feel about your work and I have shared that view widely . I have enjoyed working with you; I always valued your insights ,  your responsiveness , and your work ehtic . I wish you all the best in your new role .
These are good fixes . I still think it's important for our security people to be able to recognize all of our senior executives and make sure their guests get where they are going quickly .
Sherrie and Rosie: Jeff and Ken both received notes from Tom Delay about designating portions of their contributions for use in Texas . Mr . DeLay would like them to make that designation using the letter below ( note that it will need to be modified to be from each individually rather than a joint letter) . It is , of course , up to Ken and Jeff whether to make the designation .
Lou -- you may be maxed out on Franks now . Don't write a check for the August fundraiser until you have talked to Eliz Labanowski
If you think this is worth pursuing , get in touch with Christie . Offer him the job . Rob Bradley@ENRON
What do you think ?
I think you , or someone in your group , should cover this . The attendees are operations focussed and may be interested in issues such as siting , interconnection and environmental issues . Also , from a more macro perspective , what kinds of demands the new industry structure may place on operators -- the importance of flexibility in asset operations ( ie the premium the market will place on quick response ) or the challenges of different scheduling regimes between the gas and power markets .
Maybe we should knock down the walls of those cavernous offices on the topfloor .
I think it would be useful to verify their view that they are really only 2-3 years from commercial production . Ideally , we could get that confirmation from someone familiar with the technology but without any financial interest in its success . Their technology pitch sounded good , but I don't know enough to recognize the potential shortcomings . I want to feel comfortable that you all feel this is real , then I would be happy to have me and my team spend some time with them .
I'd like to get about 30 minutes with Mark , just to catch up .
ditto -- nice work Rob . Your insights on project stanley are also much appreciated .
Please revise the document as Aleck's changes indicate . With respect to the alternative responses shown near the end of the document , leave both alternatives in .
See below . this is one of the issues that concerned us more than price caps , because it could limit our ability to move power to other markets in the west . In addition , if you get questions from the analysts on "reregulation" or price caps it is worth pointing out that the high prices prevailing in many markets help our retail sales pitch to end use customers and create opportunities for our wholesale price risk management services .  .  .  even a $250 price cap is 5-10 times what large customers are accustomed to paying .
See below . This would have presented a bigger problem than price caps .
Tim -- Cindy manages this program . Mary -- please give some thought to how we might solicit employee views on this . Cindy -- I believe we already allow matching of donations to quasi-religious organizations: religious schools , for example , and perhaps relief organizations like Catholic Relief Services ? I think that if we want to consider extending it we should probably discuss it in a smaller group than the e-speak forum -- the Enron Foundation Board perhaps ? This could become controversial , though ( recall the Planned Parenthood debate and the periodic attempts of shareholders to add restrictions through the proxy mechanism) .
I think this is a good idea . We may want to think about CNBC as well . Brandon -- any technical obstacles ? Margaret/Cindy -- how does the link work ? does it go straight to the clip or do users have to navigate within CNN's site ?
Are you aware of this ?
calendar
Congratulations !
I won't be going . Let's look for an alternate . I'd be happy to come to DC .
Jon -- Ricardo Charvel is pulling together the briefing for Ken , so please share the EBS activities/ agenda with him . Thanks
do we have a mechanism to survey employees ? Can we do a "scientific" poll ?
as discussed
more detailed information
Additional information on the regulatory context .
OPIC information OPIC information .
Let's ask Jeff Hines(?) , our opinion research guy , to put a few short questions together and send it out . We may also want to include a link so people can view the commercials again before answering . Also , I was talking with Beth Tilney today about our website ( and the fact that every business unit now feels free to go do their own thing) . We thought it would be a good idea to add this topic to the brand conference ( perhaps as part of an existing segment) .
Interesting idea , but hard to see any near term benefit . I would decline .
Please forward to Sue Walden and get her ideas .
calendar
calendar . Also , I would like you to set up a meeting with me , Cindy Olson , Beth Tilney , Kelly Kimberly , Mark koenig , Rick Causey , and Rick Buy . I was thinking the easiest way to get us all together would be to get a room at a restaurant for 6 or 6:30 some evening . I have contacted Beth and Cindy already , so they know what it is about , and I will leave messages for the others . I just need to check schedules for now . Also , I think it would be a good idea to have a get together after work once a month or so for the Public Affairs organization . Nothing fancy .  .  .  Cadillac Bar or something similar . .  .  spouses and significant others invited . Talk it over with a couple of people in the group and let me know what you come up with .
I'm afraide this leaves too much room to manuever . Having duties related to setting legislative affairs strategy and developing a plan for contacts on the Hill , will give Cynthia the idea that she can run all aspects of those duties , not just those related specifically to her substantive area . I think it is also worth covering the heavy emphasis on teamwork and supporting , rather than directing , others in the organization .
calendar
Hey -- you're talking about our future President ! I am soooo looking forward to my next Biennial Resource Planning proceeding .
Tim I enjoyed meeting with you too . As I mentioned , I thought your answers were thoughtful , well stated , and accurate . In our line of work it helps to triangulate using others' insights and I found yours particularly useful .
I would like your insights . Meredith , I'd like yours as well ( particularly in light of the messageyou received from Lawson and Jefferson) . Laura Schwartz@ENRON
calendar -- FYI
Start with Joe hillings in DC FYI
No , contact Rosalee Fleming ( ken's assistant) . I let her know that you would be preparing the briefing .
I am interested , but it's probably more important that Jeff Dasovich and Sandi Mccubbin ( in our SF office ) know , so that they can keep the politicos informed ( and keep them from doing something stupid) . Thanks Enron Energy Services
Tony Pryor ( GPG legal ) asked if we have any credentials/tickets left for die hard democrats in the company . I know Tony will understand if they are already spoken for , but if we have some left that would go unused , we have a volunteer . How's it going ? Are you partied out yet ?
Jeff Shankman ( COO of Enron Global Markets ) is interested in going and would like to see the schedule . I told him you would send it to him . Jeff can also help us get our message across on the problems in California's power markets ( Dasovich can fill you in) . Also John (  Woody ) Wodraska , managing director of Azurix is interested in attending . Please get in touch with him . I haven't heard from Stan yet .
What about the "show cause" order route ?
Palmisano left a couple of months ago to start his own business . Jeff Keeler ( in our DC office ) is covering John's issues .
Also , you should contact Ken's assistant , Rosalee Fleming , to see when would be a good time to give ken a briefing and see what else he needs . I have told Rosalee that you are preparing the materials for Ken .
I can hardly believe Peggy Noonan wrote this . I'm a sucker for blatant heart string pulling . I love it . I'm misty .
Did you see Peggy Noonan's article ? Shapiro and I are getting misty eyed .
FYI
As we discussed .
Please detach the attachment , combine it with the articles Gavin Dillingham sent me and attach to an e-mail to Robert Zoellick and Irwin Stelzer with this message from me: Attached is some background information on the "reregulation" crisis in California .
I'm afraid we have our work cut out for us . We have been working the proces at the state and federal level in the past couple of weeks . I continue to believe ( hope )
Oops . My computer sent the message before I was finished . I continue to hope that there is more opportunity than risk in this for us . Price volatility is in the news like never before and our main product is price risk management . I know that the inquiries are up , I hope EES and ENA can get some sales out of it . More utilities have been approaching TNPC , EES and ENA about taking over their merchant functions . On the policy side , we are working the issue on both a state and federal level . Whether this country does anything meaningful to deal with the current crisis comes donw to one person . . . Linda Breathitt . Ken Lay spoke with Secy Richardson and Sen Schumer about proposing rulemaking initiatives to FERC . We are working the RTO process hard elsewhere in the country and coming up with messages to arm our remaining allies around the country . THis is the biggest time for us on this issue since the very beginnings in California and New Hampshire . In the current panic , however , we will be decimated if we are associated only with a move to keep price caps from going into effect ( I saw your message to Mona) . I am going to read the comments next , but I start off thinking we need to avoid running headlong into the price cap movement; we may be better off trying to co-opt the movement to get broader reform . Hang in there .
The plan was to hit the issue twice -- once in the short format of Ebiz and at greater length in the longer format of the October issue of Enron Business . Please let Paul know .
Please go ahead with preparation of the talking points . I'll give Ken a heads up .
Background information . I'd like to talk to Ken about making the call . .  .  I'll see him at Exec comm today .
We'll have the usual macroeconomic update from Larry Lindsay and Gavyn Davies , the domestic political update from Bill Kristol and some presentations from Gary Hamel and others focussing on Enron NetWorks .
for meeting file
See attached WSJ article , particularly the last paragraph . The message is: there has not been enough deregulation; the government is still very much in the way . California is a perfect example: the market has responded to demand increases with thousands of megawatts of new generation , but state and local officials have not sited them , and companies like Enron are offering price protection , but utilities are not allowed to take advantage .
Have you solicited comments fromo EES ?
I believe we should back Massey as well . Who do we weigh in with now ?
Probably not . Let's communicate Breathitt's interest to Bone and stay out of it for now .
Thanks for the note and congratulations . Sorry we didn't get a chance to talk before you left . But , I'm still here; give me a call when you get a
I've made some changes ( shown in bold) . Bracketed text indicates a deletion
In my interview I stressed that a big part of the communication problem is the narrow and impermanent nature of the information about what's going on at Enron . Narrow because for every significant activity there are only a few who are in the loop and "impermanent" because very little information is committed to writing ( most of it is exchanged in person or over the phone) . This is , I believe , what lies at the heart of complaints about cross-department communication . We now have some solutions emerging -- software that enables more people to record and post information in HTML format on company intranet sites . I suspect that using such tools will face two obstacles: learning how to use them ( ie there's a huge need for training ) and making it part of our culture as a knowledge/learning organization
My message cut off.. . The conclusion is that while we continue to need to address the kinds of issues laid out in your recommnedations , we need to look at solutions which may go deeper to adress our communications problems .  . .  solutions which have become available only recently . Why not have these guys focus on an online training program to both teach people how to make information available and accessible ( eg by recording information and updating on the intranet ) and demonstrating the importance of this activity to the success of the organization . I think you and your team have done a fine job dealing with the traditional ( and perhaps largely insoluble problems ) that this group wants to take on . I am pessimistic that the program outlined below will provide anything other than marginal improvements . I am somewhat optimistic , though , that we may be able to bypass many of these problems ( and get to the heart of what people are really complaining about in the survey ) by instituting real knowledge management at Enron .
Yes . Contact either Gia or John and get the ball rolling . Thanks
Should we ( or ESCA ) start looking for opportunities like this now to get the word out ?
Please forward to public affairs group .
We handed the Oped to DeLay's staff at lunch . I think we're finished for now .
Any interest ?
Not yet . May not be until sept 5 as ken is on vacation . but there is a chance that ken will try to reach him in the meantime . I'll let you know when I hear .
thanks for your help in preparing for the Texas hearing . I think Texas legislators are viewing the California experience in the proper context and I think I was at least marginally articulate on the emissions issues as well . thanks again .
the price might be a bit stiff , particularly in light of the following: I don't think we need the DC grass tops component . we have an effective set of messages , contacts , consultants and lawyers . Perhaps we could use Charlie as a fresh set of eyes on that stuff , but I think that asking him to develop such an effort would be duplicative of what we have done with AAE , Paxson , I do think the other aspects of what he proposes would be useful , however , ( and should be less resource intensive and at least a little less costly) .
Eric - I think the release looks fine . Shelley -- I take it there are no affiliate issues here ( or they have been fully vetted) ?
this is fantastic! !
Is this someone in the analyst/associate program ?
You probably saw the announcement that Mike Mcconnell is now CEO of Enron Global Markets . EGM will be focussing on a number of new and existing markets ( including coal , LNG , crude and products , interest rates , agricultural commodities , equities , weather , etc) . One of the markets Mike's group is actively considering is transport capacity . I mentioned your work in the area . He is anxious to see it and meet with you after he has had a chance to review it .
In case you had not heard , Lou Pai has done some fundraising for Franks and both he and his(Lou's ) sister know him fairly well . Keep it in mind if at some point we need to get in to see him .
I think the Qs and As look good . I wouldn't bring up the California situation ( eliminate the second half of A25) .
I realize you have pushed these guys already , but the attached letter would be better if not sent at all . It doesn't address the real underlying problem -- that a "reliability bill" on a stand alone basis doesn't fix the problem . Instead , the letter implies that the reason for opposition is merely a political consideration -- ie that it may reduce Congress' appetite for action next year . If possible , it would be better not to have the letter go out at all .
Have we suggested to FERC staff that they force the ISO and PX to open the "blackbox" to show how they determine dispatch ? In addtion , if you are not on the distribution list for Belden's memo on utility behavior in California this summer , I will forward it to you . It suggests some other areas FERC ought to be looking into .
Looks like you got this earlier . I think it has new relevance in light of FERC's announced investigation .
It's hard to formulate a position without more of the specifics , but I think our message should generally be: We support providing immediate rate relief to small residential customers . We believe that relief is best provided by giving San Diego the ability to procure power on a fixed price basis from the market . San Diego has offers in front of it now; those should be evaluated and the legislature and the commission should give San Diego the flexibility to accept one or more of them . This is sounder than running huge deferrals ( deficits ) to be later recovered from consumers . Rate relief should be accompanied by real reform . Rate caps have bad long term consequences: they cause shortages . Combining short-medium term rate relief with expedited siting of new facilities will address the near term problem while laying the proper groundwork for a long term solution .
In the second paragraph we should delete the "partnership" statement . I think it's more effective to refer to the New Power Company's risk management capabilities ( as provided by Enron , if necessary) . That's the basis for the ability to guarantee savings ( not economies of scale) . I am also concerned that the current statement implies that Enron is taking the risk on the commodity price guarantees .
We don't have revised versions yet . when we do , we will probably only want to put some ( not all ) of the documents on the intranet .
I agree that we should not be opposing rate caps for small customers and schools , but I think we should be pounding on the fact that market participants have been putting offers in front of sdge and that allowing the market to provide this solution is superior to legislated caps that require the creation of huge deferrals ( and more problems in the future) . Can we make that argument work ?
calendar
Rosie -- please check Ken's calendar . This would be a great one to do if we can squeeze it in . Nick -- congrats on what looks like a great new opportunity to make progress . I am in all week and would love to talk to you and Joe . If we can't otherwise make schedules work , call me at home after hours Houston time
Add Mona Petrochko , peggy mahoney and Rob Bradley
Please send to the distribution list
While the more-open gas market may have more tools available than in electric markets , market solutions have been proposed as an alternative to legislated rate caps in the hard hit San Diego market . Gavin -- please send Irwin copies of the articles on the offers made in San Diego .
Looks ok
One more -- Nick O'Day in Tokyo
Congratulations !
I'm putting in for Chairman and CEO of rationalizations and euphemisms .
Neither Ken nor Jeff are available . It would probably be better for one of you to speak anyway . Any interest ?
I spoke with Jeff and he is not going to be available for the speech on the 26th . Do we pass or is there an alternative ? Can we get done what we need to get done with Ken's visit the following week ?
I may be adding someone to the agenda -- Vikram Pandit ( recommended by Ken Lay and Pug Winokar )
How are we handling these now ? Last time I talked to Jeff , we weren't going to lift the restrictions until next week ( assuming we do lift the restrictions) . Any word ?
More info .
I enjoyed talking with you the other day and am happy to answer your questions: both the Texas position and the Washington DC position report to Rick Shapiro . From a government affairs standpoint , I've divided the world between Rick's group ( the Americas ) and Mark Schroeder's group ( Europe and Asia) . Both Rick and Mark report to me . Joe Allen continues as part of the Texas legislative team , working for the head of that group ( formerly Kathleen Magruder) . Terry Thorn has taken a commercial position in Enron and no longer works on government affairs issues for the company ( except to the extent we call on various executives to help from time-to-time) .
Could you work with Allison to get the needed information to cathy .
A bit lengthy , but I think it looks fine .
This is the e-mail I was talking about .
I do support the change . Let me know what I can do to help . You are correct: this is the way we handle regulatory counsel in other regions , particularly the US . What Derrick and I have agreed with regard to counsel selection is: gov't/reg affairs picks the counsel we want to use and he retains a veto , which has rarely if ever been exercised . Once we have retained counsel we will use that counsel on other regulatory projects unless the legal department starts to have a problem with the firm ( eg because they represent someone against us in litigation) . Again , I don't recall this ever being an issue . It seems to work: outside counsel gets the message that we will look dimly on any firm that squares off against us and we select the most qualified counsel on our issues . Please send the economist piece around .
No , I had the right date from our previous communications .
When we have described the problems and solutions for California we have focussed on generation siting and flexibility to hedge . We have stayed away from transmission issues on the assumption that California , with its ISO and PX , does not suffer from the same discrimination issues as other parts of the country . Is this true ? Does California's system layer in priorities for utility use of the system -- eg doesn't PG&E control "path 15" ? Does that control provide advantageous access to PG&E ? Are there other examples and are there links between these "preferences" and the current problems in California ? As we are trying to convert reliability and pricing concerns into FERC action these would be helpful arguments to have available to us .
calendar
what does the siting bill provide for ?
Skilling will be speaking at the National Press Club next week . He'll give an overview of Enron's business , talk about what's going on in power markets , and what should be done to fix the current problems . California will get covered as well . Other than what we have already discussed , is there anything Jeff should know or address in his remarks ?
Look at this . Baum finally speaks up -- way too late . Can somebody tell me what SDG&E's energy rate was pre-dereg ?
They refer to expedited siting . What are the provisions ?
Yes , thanks . Lay is going to be giving the keynote . It may be a hard story to assemble: the gas market is deregulated and structured pretty much the way we would like to see it done in both gas and power markets , yet we still have high prices . It's a bit of a stretch to blame it all on OPEC . I'm interested in any views you may have .
Got your message . I'm testifying at the Congressional hearing and Dasovich is covering FERC . I think Jeff's comments were taken out of context . He said policymakers do need to take care of small customers whose bills are tripling . Frankly , we'd get slaughtered if we said anything else . But he also said there is a right way and a wrong way to do it . Enron and others had provided a market based answer by offering a fixed price deal to SDG&E ( which would have enabled them to cap rates to those who had not switched . California elected instead to cap rates and deficit spend ( ie create a deferral account) . I don't think we can stand for anything that doesn't protect the small customers , but we can continue to emphasize the market based solutions . One of the messages in my testimony will be: customers should be encouraged to choose . Those who did are doing fine .
Thaniks for the note . Christie is now organizing our university relationships , so direct the communication to her . Thanks again
Contact Dave Parquet and Jeff Dasovich in our San Fran . office . Dave has worked on Enron's proposals to San Diego and Jeff has been supporting him from a gov't/reg affairs standpoint .
Let me know when and where .
I am going to copy Phillippe Bibi ( Chief Technology Officer ) and Cindy Olson ( EVP-HR) . Please put someone in touch with Chris . Thanks
Here it is . calendar
The PAC did not give the money . PAC contributions to federal candidates are limited . The money was a combination of individual contributions Ken solicited and soft money donations to the Republican Party . Erin Rice
attached is a copy of my california testimony . The proceeding was somewhat productive , but turned into a witch hunt at a couple of points . Our view on this is: the problem is fairly straightforward ( demand increases and new supplies are inhibited so prices go up and shortages ensue . . . sound familiar? ) and the solutions are straightforward ( site the power plants suppliers are begging to build , let the utilities hedge outside the exchange , and finish the job of opening the interstate grid so power can get from where it is to where it is needed) . What it comes down to at this point is FERC is the only entity with the authority to start fixing this problem now: Congress isn't going to get anything done this year and the California legislature is ( thankfully ) out of session now . Our political leaders need to give FERC the room they need to act . Good luck on your speech and give me a call sometime .
Attached is my testimony .
Cynthia , get back to Jeff on this . It doesn't look like a high priority to me , but I will absolutely defer to your judgment .
Jeff - Chris is on point on this issue . He and Dan Reck have already spoken .
I think this is a fine attempt , but I continue to believe that a pure relative ranking offers the most flexibility and is more like the way the process works in practice . A separate list of desired behaviors , criteria etc can be used to guide discussion but I believe the ranking itself should remain purely relative .
I talked with Scott Tholan and he immediately understood your concerns . I don't think there is anything else you need to do right now . Let me know , though , if there are requests for information you consider inappropriate .
I'm still waiting for Davis' office to call . The plan currently is for me to talk to him when and if he calls . Sandi has been in touch with the governor's office . By the way , thanks for the summary of the California proceedings . I talked to Hebert yesterday and he was duly impressed with your remarks . . . I had to remind him that you worked on the right answers for California , not the abomination that's in place today .
Preempt me , please !
test
Maureen -- please send Vince my California testimony and the talking point presentation for Jeff Skilling at the National Press Club . Eliz-- keep Vince on the distribution list for the documents we are generating now to repond to the California situation . FYI . I am sending Vince some materials we have used
Please forward to Advisory Committee
I approve .
The letter looks fine . Set it up as "your letter to Ken Lay was forwarded to me for response" and have Jeff B sign . Thanks
I talked to Hettie today . It's unlikely that we are going to find time for Jeff and the Governor to talk ( because of the Governor's schedule) . We'll try to set something up later . In the meantime , the Governor should just sign the bill . Of course , Hettie had already communicated this; the Gov's office acknowledged that the message was recieved but did not make a specific commitment .
Any interest ?
Decline .
I think it looks fine; will defer to Jeff's edits .
Thanks . Please keep me on the list for the more detailed management report as well .
attached is Sen . Hagel's energy speech . He focusses on oil primarily but also does a nice job of framing the importance of sound energy policy to our continued economic growth .
At the end of the article there is a presidential straw poll . It shows Bush with only a 6 point lead among oil and gas industry executives and analysts .
Joe - could you or someone in the office get in touch with Michelle ? Thanks
I understand from Shelley that you are going to be seeing Commissioner Breathitt on Monday . We have been working to persuade her to vote for forceful FERC action on electricity issues . She is widely viewed as the swing vote ( with Massey and Hoecker being the other two votes ) needed for the Commission to take action . Attached are two documents -- one is a set of talking points for you and the second is a FERC action plan that we are floating with several of the Commissioners .
fyi - there has been some concern that this deal was being put together without Connecticut authorities knowing the full extent of our interest in
No special requirements , but it's good to keep track of in case we want a point of contact . Thanks
You should plan to be there .
I think he was looking to make a sector-wide point . For example , how much of the total market moved to wholesale traded volumes ? He wants to make the point that even a nontraded commodity - ie electricity in 1994 - can rapidly progress to a traded market - as electricity did between 94 and 00 .
great news ! Keep up the good work . Stephen D Burns
any interest ?
Joe - there is no announcement today . I tried to leave you a voicemail but apparently the system is down there . Before we can offer an outside person a VP position , the Executive Committee must sign off . We are going to be going through that process in a few minutes . Then we begin the offer extension and negotiations . The person we are recommending is Linda Robertson , one of the two people I mentioned to you before . Please guard the information carefully . Last time we talked , when the list had been narrowed to two , DeLay's office called with the exact two names and started pushing us to hire a Republican . As you know we interviewed candidates of both political affiliations and just settled on the best person . Ken told DeLay's office that's how we do things and Ken is comfortable ( actually enthused ) about the choice . When some external announcement is done , you will be involved and your considerable contributions will be prominently mentioned .
Looks good . I think you implicitly say this , but I think you should make it more explicit: The continued growth of the new economy is threatened by our electricity infrastructure more than anything else . The high tech industry requires market driven solutions to reliability and pricing not the old style command and control regulated monopoly approach . Let's start getting the word out !
Thanks , I hope we get there soon .
yes
yes
Rosie - please print and have signed . ( Note there is a typo in the second line of the last paragraph -- does should be "do") . thanks
Thanks , Chris . Rick - see the witness list below , in case you want to try to get some points through to these witnesses .
Zausner is kind of a mixed bag . I think he's strong intellectually and has some influence , but I don't trust him to keep our strategy and contacts confidential .
Isn't our primary problem with AEP's internal merchant function rather than with the marketing affiliate ( I realize we have problems with the affiliate too) ? Can we protest continued market based rate authority for AEP until they have surrendered native load priority ?
More indications that the power angle may be fruitful
The senator's speech is focused on the oil sector almost exclusively , but it does an exceptional job of framing the importance of the issue .
Eliz -- I need your group to put together a search which captures the comments of PG&E and Edison officials in trade press , anlyst reports , and speeches which would be inconsistent with the idea that they can now recover their shortfall . In other words , when they were trying to get AB 1890 passed , when they were fighting Proposition 9 , when they floated their "rate reduction bonds" and when they talked to analysts and rating agencies I'm sure they assumed that they would live under the rate freeze and take the risk of stranded cost recovery whithin the statutory deadline .
Looks good . How about a point about the need to connect new generation quickly . Enron , Margaret Carson/Corp/Enron@ENRON , Rob Bradley/Corp/Enron@ENRON , mpalmer@enron.com , Karen Denne/Corp/Enron@ENRON , Jeff cc: Subject: Draft Letter to FERC by Consumer Groups Below is my first rough draft of a letter that could be sent from consumersto FERC Chairman Hoecker . Due to technical difficulties , I could not attacthe letter in a separate document , so I copied the letter and have reprinteit below . Having never been involved in this type of letter writing campaign , this waa bit of a stab in the dark for me , so I welcome everyone's comments . I amalso working on a letter that could be sent by senior management or CEOs ofhigh tech firms , but I wanted to get your feedback on this format before Iwent forward on the high tech letter . Let me know if you have any questions or comments . Sarah The Honorable James Hoecker Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 888 First Street , N.E . Washington , D.C . Re: Electric Power Industry Reform Dear Chairman Hoecker: We are consumers or represent consumers of electric power . We write to urgyou and your colleagues to take the initiative to address the intolerableshortages and extreme price volatility that have become all too common in the electric power industry . It is imperative that the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission proceed expeditiously with the reforms needed to support a competitive and efficient power supply industry to ensure a reliable supplyof power at the lowest possible cost to consumers . There are many actions you and your colleagues should take to ensure that the power supply in the U.S . remains sufficient and is available at reasonableprices . For example , you and your colleagues should remove roadblocks in the nation,s electricity gird . Under the current system , FERC regulations amany companies that own transmission systems to restrict access to their transmission lines by competing electricity suppliers . The result of thispolicy is shortages , blackouts and skyrocketing prices . Like the interstathighway system , FERC should allow electricity to move from one state to another just as freely as motorists do . All electricity suppliers shouldhave the same access to the transmission lines in order to transport power to where it is most needed . FERC should also discourage electricity suppliers , reliance on spot andshort-term electricity markets for power supply . Instead , FERC should urgesuppliers to purchase a portion of their power needs under long-term contracts . Locking in electricity costs at fixed prices protects consumersfrom unexpected price swings that can be financially devastating . We strongly urge you and your colleagues to seize the initiative on thesereforms . Consumers deserve a power supply industry that is both more reliable and economical . Very truly yours ,
I don't know . Can we get someone in IT to respond ?
FYI
It's fine with me .
Please send regrets
See if there is anythiing of use in here for your high tech group messages .
Please post the JP MOrgan doc . on our site
See if she wants to meet with me when I get back .
Please post and circulate to the team .
Please pst and circulate to the team . We probably need to open a new section on the site to adress gas prices . Submit a Pac request and keep Tom posted on when and where .
I think I confirmed for this already , but could you check and put on my calendar and put this in the meeting file .
I think it's a good document and carves out some solid policy ground for Bush . I think the electricity section needs some additions though . There is not a lot that the current administration can do about siting new plants and power lines -- its largely a state and local decision . Further , the problem has been less about government failing to provide adequate incentives to utilities than it has been about a failure of the current commission to opening the grid on a nondiscriminatory basis . Once utilities are in the open access transmission business they will look for ways to invest in the grid and stop getting in the way of independent power producers who want to connect to the grid . The answer is open access , so power can get from where it is to where it is needed . This has been clear for a long time , yet the current administration ( and its appointees on FERC ) have yet to use their authority to make this happen . The result: spiking prices and reliability problems .
calendar and meeting file
Looks good
calendar
I would like to do this , but I have a speaking engagement the next day -- do the time zones work out so that I can do both or do I need to find a sub for the nov 1 speech ?
Jeff Skilling proposed a solution to Gov Davis to solve the supply and pricing problems in the California market . In summary , the proposal would have a neutral party conduct an auction wherein the utilities would seek bids for 5-10 year packages of power from suppliers . The gov asked if anyone had successfully conducted such an auction in the industry already . I need your help to identify and describe any such examples ( European or North American ) by mid day Monday . Jeff and I will have a follow up call with the governor on Monday . Thanks
For the call with Davis this am.... .
let's bring him in
Per our discussion
See first item below
Just a "heads up" . . . Ken may get a call from Gov Gilmore regarding the Republican Governors' Association . Below are Sue Landwehr's recommendations ( with which I concur) . Let me know if he calls and let us know if you need any additional information .
I share your perceptions of Jose , though I don't have as much contact as you do . I know also from some recent discussions with Rick ( who has also had a fair amount of contact with Jose ) that he has very positive views on Jose's work . I think we should make a concerted effort to get the feedback and have a good discussion about Jose at year end to ensure that he is properly ranked .
FYI
Mark has some editorial changes to the letter if there is still time
What do you think ? If you think this would be useful , go ahead and order it .
What have they done for us ?
I won't be on the call , but will fax my comments to you this am
I've got a few too many speeches coming up . You are probably in the best position to address this crowd ( time for the student to teach the teacher) , but I'd understand if you think it would be awkward ( the we should just decline) .
Do you guys follow these reports ? Do we need to correct them ?
When we talked about me speaking at the conference in Nov . Enron's management conference had not yet been scheduled . Now it has and , of course , it conflicts.. . it also conflicts out just about every other senior person at Enron . I will take care of finding a substitute , but wanted your thoughts on a couple of candidates: how about Seabron Adamson , Richard Tabors or Scott Magrane(sp?) . The latter is at Goldman Sachs and , last time I talked to him , was working on Transcos . Let me know what you think and let me know who you were working with at FEBA so I can take care of the problem . Thanks
I mentioned the need to call Gramm in the exec committee meeting today and Ken is willing to do it . The talking points ISDA sent looked fairly generic . Given Ken's relationship , and the fact that he has talked to Gramm previously on the subject , what should we ask Ken to cover ? I'd like to give him a background document and talking points like we did last time . I will send it by fax to you Chris and would appreciate it if you could update it as appropriate .
Do you still expect Guinn to call Ken ? If so , do we have updated talking points ( and background ) for Ken ?
I want to keep my subscription current .
calendar
Contact Mike Terraso ( who heads the environmental function ) and Mike Hicks ( who oversees corporate security) .
sounds good , but i couldn't open the file . could you send hard copy
I'd love to but I'll be in London
sounds good . I think we should not talk about the conversations with the governor .  .  .  I'd rather not prompt them to go to the gov ( presumably to object to the gov talking to us without talking to them at the same time) .
I will be out of the country on Wednesday
Nick Lampson called and asked for a contribution . I committed to one without knowing about his vote on PNTR . I will keep my word by making an individual contribution but will also communicate to him that in my capacity as Enron PAC chair i cannot authorize the PAC to make a contribution as a result of that vote . Sorry I jumped the gun .
What do you think he'll add ?
looks good
I assume we avoid Libya completely . The question , though , may be how we proceed if we are doing business with someone who has activities in Libya . Your views please .
I may need to spend some time with you in advance , but you don't have to plan on coming here .
I think the presentation looks good . In the meeting itself I think you should go heavy on the argument that it makes no sense for Sempra shareholders to be in a commodity market as a regulated entity -- the "heads they win tails you lose" argument .
please print
please print print
print first attachment only
print
coule you get Jeannie copies of the slides or other write ups you have on this . Jeannie -- I don't know how far it is prudent to take a position on this as a co . It has already become a key battleground ( garnering some discussion in the Gore-Lieberman debate) . I think we stay away from it as a co. , but we at least ought to put the information in front of anyone we are asking to do an oped so that they can make a reasoned judgement .
please print
print
please print
print
please print
do we need bus cards
Pete van de gohm suggested we might want to get something out on the mideast situation as well -- a sort of travel advisory . Please follow up with him . I know that for our mideast project people we have been taking care of this in David Haug's old organization . See if there is anything else we need to be doing . Dennis Vegas may be able to provide you with a way to get the info you need .
print
This could become a very deep pit . I don't want to distract you from theprimary mission , but there may be a solution which gets them what they needand doesn't pull you away from the North American effort -- you could "deputize" Jane Wilson to help out on this . Jane , as usual , has embeddedherself deeply in the Enron India organization as VP of Gov't Affairs and can be a sound source of information for you as well as an agent for you in India . Think about contacting her and getting her help . Also , we have never explicitly talked about whether your focus is North American or world wide . My view is that it is worldwide , but that has to bheavily modified by the fact that most Enron employees ( current and probablfuture ) are here; while the US has many deficiencies in its education systegraduate education here is the best in the world; and we need to show rapidearly success ( and that's best accomplished by sticking close to home at least initially) . cc: Subject: Re: ENRON UNIVERSITY AFFAIRS Mark , Steve , I'd be happy to get us involved with this , but I'm not sure how we're handling non-North American University affairs . Please let me know and I'll follow up with Rajesh . Thanks ! --Christie .
If you can cover it I would say yes . It's a key race and we have been close to Ashcroft for years . Let's make sure he knows we gave it... . we need to follow up with him . Last time I talked to him he basically recited the utilities' position on electric restructuring . Let's make it clear that we want to talk right after the election .
How did this happen ?
I realize the group may go a different way with this , but I remain convinced that we should go to a pure number system ( ie a pure relative ranking ) and use the behaviors and skills descriptions as a way of discussing the differences between people . Just adding the qualifier "relative to peers" glosses over what's really going on . The behavior and skill descriptors tell everyone what is valued here and guide the discussion . The relative ranking lets us have the flexibility to meet business needs by getting tighter or "looser" on performance rankings , terminations , and comp .
One of the things you should include in your report to Koenig and Frevert is our preliminary views on the RTO filings . Perhaps it's simply that we are not going to be satisfied until FERC forces nondiscriminatory access and we will object to every filing and fight every shortcoming .
calendar and meeting file
please check schedule and get back to Irwin's office .
Washington would be fine . .. . there's always plenty to do there . I got a note from Ken asking that you and I have the first meeting and come back to him withrecommendations . I agree with the agenda you have set out . It may also be worth discussing how we can use the individual members of this group outside of the meetings with the Enron Exec Committee: there may be efforts elsewhere in the company which would benefit from the advice and input of members of the group .
Thanks for the resume . I don't see a fit in government affairs , but I am forwarding to community relations to see if there is any interest there .
Thanks for the update . I want to make sure we present the numbers in a morcoherent fashion than just laying out the individual RCs . You and I havediscussed this before; my recollection is that we were going to break out afollows: Administrative services Aviation building services new building ongoing government affairs Americas Other budgets retained at business unit level ( explanation of shift in expenses from advocacy to transaction support/riskmanagement Brand advertising internal comm other PR I may be forgetting some of the subgroups we talked about , but this is thegeneral idea . Elizabeth Linnell Sent by: Elizabeth Linnell cc: Subject: meeting with Mark Lindsay I wanted to update you on my conversation this morning with Mark Lindsay regarding next week,s budget meeting . The format will be similar to last year,s . We,ll be receiving from Mgroup a consolidated spreadsheet of all of our budgets , grouping them by functionality and illustrating 2000 plan , 2000 estimate , and 2001 plan , andthe variances between . We will be covering the EPSC and Aviation budgetsduring the same meeting . Billie and I will get together on Friday to compare what the two of us have so far , and then we have a meeting set up for Mondamorning with you , Bill , Billie and me to go over everything in advance ofTuesday,s meeting . Points that Mark made ( no surprises here): - Jeff has mentioned that he wants to see reductions in all corporate costcenters since our international activities look like they,re going away . ( We have made significant reductions year to year on our international gov,taffairs and PR budgets , and I think we can justify that the other cost centers are primarily focused on domestic activities while the individualbusiness units budget much of those activities themselves. ) - Even though we,re allocating more overall to the business units this year , Jeff will be interested in the gross budget numbers , before any allocations- We need to be able to explain any significant budget changes year to yea - Mark particularly emphasized the increase in the PR budget , most of whiis retained at Corp anyway - We need to be able to explain anything that we,ve inherited from thebusiness units that is now staying at Corp . This applies to the headcountthat we,ve picked up from ENA and from Int,l ( Dennis , group) . Lindsay mentioned that there,s a possibility that Causey may , in advance of our Tuesday meeting , meet by himself with Skilling to get a general idea ofwhere Jeff stands on the corporate budgets as they,ve been submitted so far , and then come back to us with instructions on any changes that need to bemade . If this is the case , we may have to make cuts before we get to preseour case . I'm working on our presentation based on that conversation and will forwardit to you as it progresses .
Please schedule for Monday
calendar
I talked to Ken Lay and he will support Carol as VP . I have talked to Carol and she knows the process . We are going to take her up at the next Excom meeting . I don't think there is anything you need to do right now .
Look at the last article . .. . any idea what the "rude awakening" might be ?
See Dow Jones newswire story at the end
Please see attached .
Can we be even stronger on this ? The short answer is that Joe's resignatiohas no impact on our view toward India . The evaluation of our asset holdinand new business opportunities is the same the day after Joe's resignation as it was the day before . If need be , we can reiterate previous statements about our ongoing review of asset positions . What do you think ? Mark Metts@Enron , Paula Rieker@ENRON cc: Mark Palmer@ENRON , Karen Denne@ENRON , Cindy Derecskey@ECT Subject: Sutton India Statement We expect considerable Indian media interest and attempts to interpret theimplications of Joe Sutton's resignation . In consultation with Mark Palmerand others , we have developed the following statement , which we intend to uonly in response to media inquiries . Please let me know if you have any comments . John For Enron Use )  Only if Asked Statement on Impact of Sutton Resignation on Enron in India Joe Sutton,s departure should not significantly affect Enron,s commitment to the Indian market . In fact , consistent with Enron,s new business lines , we are in the process of developing data centers and a fiber optic network inIndia . Of course , we continuously look to optimize the value of our busineinterests and there may be some related adjustments in our holdings , but weexpect to continue as a significant participant in the Indian market . If pressed: We are not able to comment on specific plans or operations , as it is our policy not to comment on the details of potential divestitures or acquisitions .
Thanks , Nick . I am anxious to get out there soon . In the meantime I'll send a tape of my singing voice .
I would drop the second sentence ( it's a bit convoluted) . I would also like to look at what else the ad says -- ie how are the quotes introduced , what other quotes will be used , etc .
Please get the list of people I interviewed ( and their resumes ) from Allison Bailey and confirm with her that if the attached spreadsheet shows a "y" next to their name that means they received an offer ( if "n" then no offer) . I would like to email those i interviewed who recieved offers
calendar
The attached letter is being delivered this morning to the FERC commissioners . Since the letter concerns a matter currently pending before the commission it will also be served on the parties . We plan to talk to the press about it as well . A number of other companies and organizations are also submitting letters and we have helped prepare an EPSA filing which focusses specifically on California . Our best information at this point is that the FERC staff report regarding California is generally accurate , and therefore , favorable . While it will mention periodic exercises of market power , it is expected to lay blame for California's woes at the feet of California's own decisions about market structure . It is further expected that the report will not provide a basis for ordering refunds . On the other hand , the Commission's order ( to be considered tomorrow along with the staff's report ) is expected to at least put refunds on the table for comment and to discuss , and perhaps implement , further price caps . This is just our best guess at this point . the Commission has put special emphasis on putting the report and order under wraps until wednesday .
My mistake , but no reason to stop the presses .
thanks . the letter is already out , but we will be accurate in follow up calls and in press interviews .
Any interest ?
Joe Hartsoe , Rick Shapiro , or Jim Steffes can fill you in on the details of what FERC did today . One question you need to think about is how their decision on price caps affects any contracts which we may have indexed to California's spot market . The way it reports the market clearing price will change fundamentally if prices over 150 will be accepted but not used to clear the market for all bids . So , if we are using this as a reference price in our contracts it may trigger the need to look for alternatives .
I think paul has a number of good suggestions here . I think that tying rankings to clear objectives does not reflect the fluidity of our charge , though , and will lead to expectations which may not be met . I also feel strongly that the ranking needs to be a relative one -- I would go to a pure number system . We are going to need to assess at each PRC whether the organization is strong ( in which case I think it's ok to have a disproportionate number of high ratings ) or whether the organization has weaknesses that force us to grade tougher . You don't get that in an absolute system with preset expectations . I think your group in particular has done a good job of emphasizing team work (  and punishing those who don't play well ) so we need not create a competitive or jockeying environment so long as that emphasis is communicated explicitly . I agree with Paul's points about giving clear , specific feed back ( though I don't think we can give a clear target for what one must accomplish to be superior) . I also like the idea of the abbreviated mid year PRC to deal with those we need to counsel more vigorously . I'm not sure we can get away with it but I am willing to give it a shot . I think Paul is to be complimented for taking time to focus on the larger organizational issues . .. . very vice presidential of him.. . no overstepping of bounds . . . quite the contrary .
I am out of town . Joe - can you attend ?
Please ask Ken to sign the following . But , in the Advisory Council letter delete the reference to the December Board meeting and check with Ken on whether he still plans to brief the Enron Board at the December meeting ( I believe he talked to Kelly Kimberly about this) .
I think it looks good . a few suggestions though: I haven't read the whole reprt so I can't say for sure that it alleges no price gouging ( make sure to forward this to Jeff . . . my e-mail is slow on the road) . We can say though , that instead of blaming generators and marketers the report blames the structure of the market for California's woes . I think we should shorten the quote to something like " the reprt is consistent with what we have said all along . We should say that the scheduling penalties part of the order will "penalize utilities for underscheduling" not predicting . Hedging is not about holding pirces down so much as it is about protecting people from wild price swings . . . that's what allowing utilities to buy outside the spot should help do . ( Also , my title is just EVP and Chief of Staff )
Did Ken ask us to sponsor it or just consider it ? I'm wondering what if anything we gain from such an investment , but I have an open mind on it .
My only comment relates to the Azurix reference . . . it's not a significant part of the biz and things have changed recently . i don't think it merits reference .
John -- I'm copying Janine and Barb on this message as they are most likely to be able to identify someone . Janine and Barb -- could one of you get in touch with John ?
congratulations on a great launch ! The US press on the office opening has been great . If you haven't seen it , get in touch with Ann Schmidt .
I believe the registration deadline for the Nov 7 election has passed . I'll ask Eliz to forward the registration materials to you so you can be ready for the next election . Also , if you were registered in Harris County before you may still be on the rolls at your old precinct . . . you should ask .
I don't want to disrupt building a more collegial relationship here , but I have some concerns about their reticence to sound more positive about reaching agreement on our two key issues . Can we put the question differently: what are the barriers to their concurrence and what can we do together to address those barriers ? If the barriers for EEI are insurmountable because of the recalcitrance of a few members , can they facilitate a dialogue between us and a more progressive group ?
I am very interested in pursuing this and I believe Enron presents an ideal case study for the purposes you outlined . I am copying Christie Patrick on this message and asking her to coordinate this for us . Christie has worked on other case studies and will be very helpful in navigating Enron for you .
Let's add Rick , Jim and me
Thanks , Barb .
see resume attached
Attached are a revised org chart and a revised org memo . Work form these drafts to incororate the handwritten changes I have given you .
I will be on the first panel of the FERC California conference on Thursday . The format allows a 5 min presentation and then 60 min of Q&A . I need your help to make sure I have "Gore-like" command of the details . Please help with the following information: Enron project information ( Parquet/McCubbin ) -- please give me any presentations or summaries you have on the generation , or firm purchases , we have under way ( or planned) . I'll talk with you to find out what we are comfortable disclosing but please err on the side of giving whatever information you have . Updated Belden presentation ( Hain/Belden ) -- I believe the latest information was as of August; I think some of the information on the cost of peaking facilities is particularly eye-opening on the price cap issue . Comparison to PJM ( Hartsoe/Novosel ) -- Is the information we are seeking from the ISO and PX similar to information PJM already provides ? If so , it would be nice to tie our requests back to something the Commission has already approved . Cancelled DSM projects ( Mahoney ) -- Again , I'll only use what we feel comfortable with , but it would help make our point if we can give examples of how price caps backfire when it comes to encouraging conservation . ISO/PX reports ( Dasovich) . I have the ISO market surveillance report . Is there another ISO report ? If so , please get me a copy and provide a copy of the PX report too . CEC/Proposed generation update ( Mara/Parquet ) -- Need the basic information: proposed , waiting for permitting; how much/little the legislation did to expedite siting ( ie are we still comfortable saying that it applies to less than 10%) ? Soft cap(Belden/Hain ) -- need a crisp explanation of why the "soft" nature of the cap is not sufficient . Also , would we be OK if the Commission revised it to say that bids can be taken above 150 without special filing or reporting requirements , but those bids will be accepted at the price bid rather than applying to all lower bids as well ( ie the highest bid at or below 150 clears the market , bids above 150 accepted at price bid as needed) ? Offers we have made/deals done ( Parquet/Dasovich/ Mccubbin ) -- Roseville plus any others , offer made to SDG&E -- I want to make the point that the market will provide solutions ( below the retail price cap ) if we get the utility ( and the regulators ) out of the merchant function . Herding the cats(Hartsoe/mccubbin/mara/dasovich): We are asking FERC to be courageous , do the right thing and ignore the politics . To be even halfway credible , we can't have IEP , EPSA , Dynegy or anyone else "squishing" on the price cap issue. . We have never been closer to reform in California , we need these guys on board . Thanks .
Attached is the presentation I used for a very general update on deregulation; it includes some California material .
Looks good
Ricardo -- Mark's organization is on point on this one .
Dave Delaney has asked that we accelerate our look at space alternatives in Mexico City . If you assume that you and Jaime and ( perhaps ) one person from EBS remain there , what do you think the cost is ( or when can you let me know) ?
FYI - we had a bomb threat this am .
It's a hoax. . This e-mail made it into a reporter's hands and the reporter asked about this in the Clinton-Lazio debates in NY . CNN covered the hoax the next day . The US Postal Service denied it , of course . By the way , I have never seen a letter -- "P" -- following a bill number in the Congressional numbering system .
oops -- thanks
print
print
Do we have a sense for how many we can reach , how many we can't and where they are ? Are whole offices ( eg Tokyo ) unreachable or is it only those who have home offices ?
calendar
Please check schedule and respond
I will be getting back from Washington late today , but will be in early in the morning ( evening your time) . Give me a call
Just FYI . These guys did a great job on the polling here , but I can't speak to their other qualifications or their California ties .
Thank you
Wendy Gramm ( an Enron Board member ) referred Jay Valesquez(sp? ) to Jeff Skilling about an event in Dallas for Senator Lugar . The event is Sunday November 19 and Jeff is out of town . Would you please give Jay a call and decide what we should do ? Jay's number is 202-973-5980
Sandi deserves time off and she shouldn't have an obligation to do e-mail while she is out . Further , I was only copying her on messages that many others received ( so I don't need to hear back from her) . But , if this is a standard message going out to everyone while the fires continue to rage in California , I think it leaves a bad impression . Can we find a way to direct urgent requests to someone else in the office or to someone on our external lobby team ?
Per my voicemail , attached is a proposed "statement" to open the Executive Committee meeting on Monday .
Eliz -- does this allocation reflect the cuts we have already made ?
Don't worry about it . . . sorry for putting you back on speaker . I just wanted Sue to hear ( she enjoys utility bashing so much) . Thanks for the comment on the hearing . In some respects I don't think the first panel could have gone much better; everyone thanked FERC for intervening ( though for different reasons) . The other staff reports are also looking good . Scott Miller has been a godsend -- somebody not afraid to tell it like it is .
Does she have any interest in meeting one-on-one or is she just looking for a public hanging ? I remain convinced that if we can just get the facts in front of people they will modulate their approach .
See below . Can we get some help on the IBM issues ?
calendar
There are a few other issues we need to look into: Larcamp told Hartsoe and I after the meeting that FERC may clarify that the price caps and reporting obligations apply only to bids into the PX and ISO -- ie no bilateral transaction will be subject to the requirements . He asked if knowing this would change any of our views ( esp peaking plants , though I suspect it's already too late for that) . My gut reaction is that so long as the market continues to clear through the centralized exchanges this "exemption" for bilateral transactions won't matter much , but let's think it through . Is EOL or APX an alternative ? Massey specifically asked us to address forward markets in our comments . Specifically , "has FERC done everything it can to encourage forward market development?" In addition to any other points we might make , I think we should argue that "PJMing" the market won't facilitate and may even hinder forward market development . Also , we should advocate actions by FERC that take away second-guessing by the CPUC in order to reduce utility fears about contracting forward . We have to give the Commission a way out on price caps . We need to think through whether there is something we can live with here , or we should take the approach I took in my testimony: FERC should encourage the state to provide rate protection for selected customer classes by putting those requirements up for bid ( ie get the utility out of the commodity business as much as possible) . Finally , on governence issues we should argue for a narrowe role for the ISO as a way of diffusing the emotional governence debate . Analogy: if the ISO is simply the air traffic controller all parties will simply be interested in retaining the most technically competent people ( not hiring or appointing their lackies or friends) . So long as the ISO has a role in setting prices , acquiring supplies or running the market , it is destined to be controversial and highly politicized . Those functions should be left to the market .
per voicemail
per our discussion . Want to schedule a tour and want to make sure that Marchris is avail ( let Rick and Montovano know )
What does this proposal imply about transmission pricing . We have debated from time-to-time whether we would be better off with a pure "loads pay" transmission pricing scheme because it would leave fewer places for utilities to hide the ball ( when they pay for transmission they are just transferring money from one pocket to the other ) and it would allow us to reach the maximum number of counterparties for each MW ( thereby increasing liquidity) . Where do we stand ?
congratulations ! One thing to add to the arguments: we have to make the adverse effect on consumers the centerpiece of our arguments . We need the legal arguments too , but this is fundamentally a political and consumer protection driven discussion . We have to be prepared to demonstrate that the key to Alberta reducing prices is allowing new generation to enter and to do that you have to allow a true market price to be posted . California has seen the cancellation of numerous projects while they remain desparate for new supply because they have tried to artificially constrain prices . That's not good for consumers . If they need a lower cost solution for consumers ( or protection from price volatility in the meantime ) they need to "outsource" the residential supply business in blocks for fixed price bids . Regardless of how we frame the arguments , or the solutions , however , we have to make the public policy/ consumer protection arguments the center of our written and oral presentations . Do you agree ?
Thanks for the message . I agree that once we have a good outline of what we are going to do we are going to need someone who can get it done . I think you would be an outstanding candidate for that role ( seems to me we went after you once before) . Is your inquiry confidential or can I discuss it with others ?
Thanks , I enjoyed it too and would be happy to do it again .
If we are interested in doing this , the interviewee should probably be from EEL
Has anyone talked with Tim B about what Larcamp said -- ie the soft cap only applies to PX and ISO bids and not to any bilateral contracts including bilateral fwd contracts ?
You might try Scott Tholan , Mike Hicks , or Rick Buy .
As I mentioned at the executive committee meeting , we have a number of people who either have expressed interest in serving on the transition team or who I would like to approach to serve on the transition team for Bush . We believe that a call from you to Cheney may be required . David Haug . David will be returning from his honeymoon on Dec 4 and has expressed a strong interest in serving on the Bush team . Woody Wodraska . Woody would like to work on environmental and water issues and has been in touch with Bush campaign folks in both California and Florida . He would appreciate a call on his behalf to Cheney . Amanda is aware of his interest and is amenable to his service . James Steffes . You know Jim . He is one of the most creative and talented people in my organization . He is familiar with state and federal energy regulation as well as the state and federal policy makers who have played an active role in deregulation efforts . He would be great to have on a vetting team for commission nominees . I have talked to Jim and he is interested . Others . We can make another 4 people available from the government affairs organization with qualifications in energy , communications and market regulation . The question is more a matter of how many Enron people they would like to have . Among them: Dan Allegretti ( who will be chair of NEPOOL next year ) who campaigned for Bush in New Hampshire; and Sue Landwehr , a republican who works for us in the upper midwest . Linda Robertson has suggested that we try to put as many people on the "vetting" team as possible . Let me know how I need to proceed .
can you find the contact and see if they are still interested in the money ?
That flight time is fine . A couple of other things: I need to meet with McKinsey while I'm in town on Monday . Please set up with Suzanne Nimocks' office . Also , my return should be first thing Tuesday morning ( I think we had discussed Monday night originally) . Just get me on the first available flight to Roswell . Also , I didn't mean to put you in a difficult spot with Melissa . I had tried getting hold of her last night but only got the answering machine . Don't worry about tellling her my travel schedule . If I haven't told her first , I'll deal with the consequences ( I've logged "couch time" before plus I'm usually pretty good about keeping her up to date) . Thanks
I think this is something we should consider . I'm asking Rob to look into it .
Thanks
I sent an electronic copy to John Baker . Maureen could you send one directly to Jason and schedule lunch ? thanks
Contact Steve Walton To: Skean@enron.com ( Steve Kean ) cc: Subject: Outline for Project on Real-Time Markets Dear Steve , Once again , I call on you for advice . Who , within Enron , should I talk withabout a new project I am working on , related to real-time balancing operations and markets ( all the messy stuff that causes so many problems within all the existing ISOs) ? Here is the outline for the project . Can you send me your suggestions on revising the outline , other people at Enron ( and elsewhere ) to contact related to these markets , and written materials on how the various ISO markets operate . Thanks . Eric ISSUES TO DISCUSS FOR PROJECT ON: REAL-TIME BALANCING OPERATIONS AND MARKETS 1 . Introduction: Importance of real-time operations and markets Essential for reliability , especially security Basis for all forward contracts ( hour- and day-ahead , block monthlies , Real-time prices motivate generation-capacity decisions: new construction,repowering , retirements Ensure equitable treatment for &new8 intermittent and distributed res2 . Physical Requirements and Operations Balance generation to load in near-real time ( intrahour ) Normal conditions ( frequency response , CPS1 , CPS2 ) Contingency conditions ( DCS ) In neither case is it necessary for generation to exactly balance load overshort time periods ( e.g. , 10 minutes) , but must balance energy over longerintervals Benefits of aggregation Performance and characteristics of individual generation and load resourcesrandom fluctuations , energy level , ramp rate , acceleration rate , startup time , minimum run time , block loading , energy-limited characteristics of hydro units , etc Control-area balance vs individual-schedule balance , good vs bad inadverteninterchange NERC and FERC requirements 3 . Operations with Vertically Integrated Utilities Unit commitment Economic dispatch Regulation Contingency reserves Control area forecasts of loads and resources , effects of forecasts on unitcommitment and dispatch Treatment of ( payments and penalties for ) energy imbalance and inadvertentinterchange 4 . RTO Operations and Markets Generation not owned by RTO , RTO must purchase outputs from generation andload resources Relationship between real-time operations and markets , how are resources dispatched ( and by whom ) and how are they compensated Time interval ( 1 , 5 , 10 , or 15 minutes ) for dispatch and price setting; whaare the tradeoffs in choosing among these intervals Single market-clearing price in each interval vs pay-as-bid for each resourPay for energy only or pay also for maneuverability ( e.g. , ramp and acceleration rates); how do resource constraints determine which resourcesare permitted to set the market-clearing price and which aren't , and why?Set prices ex ante or ex post ? If prices set ex ante , what is the basis forthe value ? Should unit commitment ( resource scheduling ) be done by individual supplierby RTO , or both ? Relationship between real-time markets and ICAP and RMR requirements , and RTO requirements to ICAP and RMR units to bid resources into real-time marketTreatment of exports and imports , rules governing interchange scheduling ( number of schedule changes per hour permitted , ramp rates for schedule changes ) To what extent does the RTO make short-term forecasts of load and generatiohow far into the future ( 10 minutes to 24 hours) , how does the RTO use thesforecasts ? Should the RTO commit and dispatch resources on the basis of expected future conditions ( i.e. , beyond the current and next interval) ? Whpays for these RTO decisions ? Should RTO publish prices and let demand and supply respond to the price signal , or should RTO dispatch resources up and down based on supplier bidsIf the RTO explicitly dispatches resources , should uninstructed deviations be treated differently , in terms of payment or penalties , from instructed deviations ? What about a resource,s failure to follow instructions ? Under what circumstances should RTO go &out-of-market8 for resources ? What should set the price of ( payment to ) these resources ? Under what conditions , if any , are penalties appropriate , for what kinds ofbehavior , what determines the magnitude of the penalty ? Should penalties apply to generation only or to loads also ? How , if at all , should capacity assigned to ancillary services ( especiallythe reserve services ) be incorporated into real-time operations and marketsFor example , should the capacity assigned to contingency reserves be set aside and used only when a major outage occurs ? Or should such reserves beused routinely whenever it is economic to do so , as long as sufficient capacity is available to meet the NERC reserve requirements ? How should intermittent resources ( e.g. , wind ) be treated in real-time operations and markets ? Should they be treated any differently from a largevolatile load ? Can retail loads participate in real-time markets ? How ? 5 . Case Studies of U.S . ISOs California PJM , New York , and New England 6 . Conclusions and Recommendations Key features of operations and markets What works What are the options What problems still remain Eric Hirst Consulting in Electric-Industry Restructuring 106 Capital Circle Oak Ridge , TN 37830
Another key point: to avoid the mistakes of California , policy makers must make it easy to site and interconnect new generation . In California peak demand rose by about 5500 MW from 1996 - 2000 . The market responded with porposed capacity additions of about 11000 MW . Most of these facilities are working thier way through the tangle of state and local approvals . The problems we saw in California did not need to occur if policy makers simply enabled the market to work . Also , it's worth noting that the deregulated market did work . Customers who signed with Enron saw a lower bill than prederegulation , Enron hedged its commitments and so our customers ( and Enron ) did just fine during the summer . Deregulation worked; the problems in California can be directly traced to continued regulatory interference in the market .
It looks like a good letter... . heavy on explanation of our position . At some point I'd like to hear more of the background that's leading us to this position .
You had asked for my input on a response to a letter you received from Tom Donahue regarding increasing Enron's contribution to the US Chamber to $100,000 . I have been giving the Chamber a bit of a hard time lately and wanted you to know why . I have been in touch with both Tom and his staff over the last year . Donahue has done a very good job raising money and getting his membership rolls up , both in terms of membership and dollar contribution per member . My reservation about the Chamber is that they won't take a stand on something which is in the best interests of the vast majority of their membership if it will alienate a vocal few . Electric restructuring was a key example of this . There was no doubt where they should have been on the issue , but instead of embracing retail open access legislation at the federal level they decided to have a "process" . Naturally , all the utilities volunteered to participate in the process and outnumbered the nonutility members when it came time to vote . The vote supported wholesale , but not retail , reform ( with heavy emphasis on ensuring stranded cost recovery) . Afterwards , the federal debate shifted solely to wholesale legislation ( though this is not exclusively the Chamber's fault) . Unfortunately , Tom's forceful and competitive approach when it comes to raising his membership rolls leaves him unwilling to do the right thing if a few members will be upset . For Enron it's a bit like paying $100,000 for a veto right . The only things the organization pushes for are the things everyone agrees on in the business community -- eg China PNTR and lower corporate taxes -- things they will push for whether we pay dues or not ( and things we will add our separate voice to in any event) . As I have explained to the Chamber , Enron makes its money challenging conventional wisdom , changing the way markets work , and dislocating incumbents . Anything important that we stand for is likely to alienate some members of the business community and the Chamber is unlikely to stand with us . They represent the status quo in the business community . Tom is an extremely promising leader; he needs to create a new kind of voice for the business community . A voice which stands for moving business to the next level , not just protecting its current position . Having said all that , the Chamber ( particularly its international chapters ) has been useful to us in the past . In previous years , Donahue himself has intervened on our behalf with Latin American leaders . As a consequence , I have asked them for a proposal which would allow us to remain Chamber members at a lower dues ( and policy participation ) level , but with continuing access to their international activities . I suggested something in the $25,000 range . That's why they are approaching you ( they want us to double our current dues to $100,000) . Currently , I am inclined to just withdraw from Chamber membership , but I plan to defer to Linda Robertson . I am interested in your insights , or , if you prefer , you can simply refer them to Linda or me .
calendar/mtg folder
Thanks , I have what i need . I'm working on a project with McKinsey regarding the accleration of new businesses , so I wanted to look at some examples of employee-driven business creation .
Maureen please check my calendar
I have not heard
Thanks , I also need to get some time with Shawn Cumberland.. . please schedule that too .
Great work . Any indication that the publication of the Stanley investigation is having any adverse effect ?
meeting file
I had a hard time logging on remotely , so I just got this now . As you can see , it's a relatively brief "overview" presentation for Jeff , not going into much of the detail surrounding , for example , performance criteria and evaluation or job classification ( where much of the real work remains) . The main purpose of this presentation is to give Jeff something for the December Board meeting . I need your thoughts on something: one of the rationales I had discussed with McKinsey for this new organizational approach was the need to win the war for talent . A partnership at least theoretically creates unlimited opportunity and reduced hierarchy in an organization . It also creates substantial upside opportunity and continued motivation for the business leadership . My question for you and your team is where are we at risk in fact when it comes to attracting and retaining talent . My suspicion is that our turnover is farily low , and that it is especially low in the top tiers of the organization . Where we run into problems , my gut tells me , is that we have some difficulty getting the very best from the very best schools ( ie we often lose out to the I-Banks and , perhaps McKinsey-level consulting firms ) and that we have a tough time holding the most talented managers and directors ( ie we're OK at the top livels already) . Could you have someone do an analysis of the turnover rates at different levels ? We may need to weed out the performance related departures ( including those who left after getting a low performance ranking even if they were not officially terminated for performance reasons ) if possible .
I have attached some suggestions in the comment section on the presentation . I think we also need to have a set of slides or some talking points for Jeff that make a compelling case for these changes . Some of the points are touched on but I think we have to make a better case for change in addition to outlining the changes . Some of the themes which we should develop further might focus on the challenges we face in sustaining our growth ( this was a major theme at this year's management conference -- Terrie , please forrward a copy of Gary Hamel's presentation to the addressees on this e-mail) . These challenges imply the solutions we are proposing: a professional partnership model which provides opportunity and compensation incentives to attract and retain top talent and encourage cooperation across the company; capturing and exploiting knowledge within the organization; and a more formalized approach to business building through an accelerator . I will be in California on Monday , but let's try to set up one more meeting before we get together with Jeff . I can make time on Tuesday or Wednesday .
Attached are my suggestions .
Proposed edits attached . Looks good -- I like the references to the energy savings.. . I think we should try to get this story some play in california; not necessarily in the media but perhaps with some of the folks we are working with in the Gov's office . Please copy Dasovich and Mccubbin on the final . Extra congratulations on the USA Today story .
I have a reception that evening ( coincidentally with another Rice group -- from the engineering school) , so I will not be able to attend .
I got the package on the 2002 PBS special . We are already doing a significant PBS sponsorship in connection with a series based on Dan Yergin's ( author of The Prize ) new book "The Commanding Heights" . We have looked at numerous Public Broadcasting sponsorships in the past , but the ratings are so low they tend to be a very inefficient means of reaching our target audience . We made an exception for yergin's series because it focusses on the role of free markets and their relationship with governments over time . I'll ask Margaret Allen to handle the decline .
calendar and meeting file Anything you want me to do ?
huh ?
I don't see anything technically wrong with the document , but I struggle to see the point of it . Most people are not going to care about our industry's problem; they are going to be interested in solutions . We should be telling them what the answer is -- eg forward prices are lower; there is an opportunity to buy forward now and protect yourself from volatility; etc . What do you think ?
what do you think
Looks good . Is the co2 reduction only 10.5 tons or is it some multiple , like 10.5 thousand tons ?
schedule
Please send an estimate of time and description of the topic to Rebecca .
Thanks . Look at the attached . . . it may be too late for this afternoon , but I took a shot at a revised way of presenting the investment fund and the associated issues ( substitute for slides 15-17? )
please block off on my calendar
key members I recall are: andy fastow , gene humphrey,cliff baxter , ken rice , rick causey , lou pai , kevin hannon . it's easier for me to remember those who are still around and in leadership positions as these folks are . it's also interesting to note that with the exception of rick , gene and andy , all of these guys were in other parts of enron but were attracted to jeff's team by his vision for a new approach to the energy business .
please get a copy and forward to paul kaufman's team .
see below . I'm sure your guys are considering all of the applications in dcourse and those who are waiting are naturally going to be anxious to hear.Not asking for any special treatment for this individual , but , as we discussed in your office the other day , there are some continuing core skills in the EE&CC group that we need to hold onto . At first glance , this guy seems to have those skills .
calendar
Shapiro is just unwilling to accept the fact that his guy is a very scary guy . . . enough to scare away lifelong democrats . I got your voicemail . Thanks for following up . We would be looking for a contract relationship only , not full time .
can we get Gary's comments ? we'll try to get a copy of gary's comments
can we get a copy of gary's comments from cnbc ?
I have been trying to hook up with Kevin and will see him tomorrow . I still prefer to use the "old exec committee plus" for this PRC with a reformed MD PRC starting at mid year . We have too many people in transition to just switch over to the policy committee at this stage .
Attached are several documents which capture our positions in reaction to power and gas pricing , particularly in California . Included are a detailed set of solutions to California's power market woes , which we have provided in California and at FERC; a representative speech , and a talking point summary designed for more general audiences and the media . The gas paper was prepared in September and needs updating , but I have included it as well . I will get a more integrated message put together and circulated .
I agree that we need to rework the copy , especially since the gas market is blowing up .
How are the appointments turning out from your perspective ?
Attached is the accomplishment discussion to go with the public affairs goals -- let me know if this is sufficient and consistent with what you want to present... . I can provide more detail if needed .
In the first sentence could we say "transmission owning market participant" .
here is the attachment
I'm ok from a pr and govt affairs standpoint , but we can't move forward until we have legal ( including FCPA ) approval . I have exchanged voicemails with Elizabeth Labonowski on this and she is on it . If you have consulted local counsel on the issue you should put that person in touch with Elizabeth . Once we have the approvals we can proceed on verbal OKs and document later ( as we have in other cases) . This issue has come up before in Europe . The first time through is the hardest and slowest . After we have run all the traps once , the subsequent requests move faster . But we have to get it right . Even in Europe , where our contributions were small and routine , we attracted a bunch of attention just because of who we are ( as in Japan Enron attracts alot of attention in Europe -- even where other American companies don't) .
Just got word from the lawyers: it's a go .
I need to talk to you about Wasaff's project when you get a chance . .. . tomorrow , if possible,b ut not absolutely necessary . Hope all is well .
Looks fine to me . Dan , I assume you are comfortable with it .
LaRence is running up against the deadline for associates to be promoted or move out . Here is my concern: LaRence has been worked for a number of people who ended up leaving the company: he worked for Dave Ramm at Enron Wind ( Dave left) . He also worked for John Palmisano who also has left the company . He ended up in a structuring group working for Brad Richter . It's hard to sort out what happened there but perhaps because of LaRence's lack of interest in the area , which he apparently expressed to Brad , he has not done much structuring work and Brad is not inclined to promote him or keep him in the organization . He has been told that he needs to find something now . Could you guys look into this ? Perhaps we could either extend his deadline , or find him something through the redeployment process ?
calendar
No problem
I made a couple of suggestions on slide 17: a wording change in the first bullet and I dropped ECT from the example list -- I think the EES and EBS examples are more alike and make the point more cleanly . I think showing the ranges for MDs on slides 14 and 19 is fine . I didn't see a reference to the possibility of an EMD level . I think that's probably OK -- Jeff can still speak to it if he wants to when he discusses the ranges in the MD level .
Thanks -- I'm not on the VP PRC , but I will be in the group that reviews the results and does the MD ranking . Hannon chairs the vp prc so you should make sure he has these too . Also , Rick Shapiro is on the vp prc as are Scott Yeager , Steve Elliot and Ric DiMichele . Also , I know you weren't thrilled with at least one outcome from Saturday's PRC . If you want to talk about it or the process , give me a call .
Can Rick attend . need one other person too
I agree . It doesn't appear that we have the need for his skills that we had even a few months ago . I see that you are in contact with Michelle Hargrave about next steps . Anything you want me to do at this point ?
Attached is a brief overview of the EGM business ( I realize you probably already have this , Lisa) . This organization represents perhaps the biggest near term earnings growth opportunity we have as a company and one that will require our organization to develop expertise in new markets , new regualtory fora , and perhaps new countries . From time to time , I'm sure we will all be called on to help out , so I'll endeavor to pass on any info I receive .
It's a little hard to tell precise numbers from the charts so I need a "call out" number from the charts . . . specifically,what happened to microsoft's turnover rate for how much stock decline -- eg did it go up 33% ( from 9% to 12% ) for "x" decline in the stock price ?
It is tenure at the level ( eg vp or MD ) not with organization . The color scheme looks good .
Mo - please set up a call
Cindy -- it seems to me we should use an HR distribution to get this out . Let Mike and I know what you think .
Given the way the numbers came out , I guess we don't need the talking points , but we should still try to get to the bottom of this because we will be called on to comment to regulators and media . Unless we have strong evidence to the contrary , it seems to me that wholesale markets are working . .. . they are open and they are competitive . On the other hand , retail gas markets suffer from the same problems as electric markets . . . they are not open , customers don't have effective choices and price signals don't get through , so there is no demand response when prices rise . On the points raised in the attachment , I'm still not sure I follow point 4 . Also what does" electric disconnect" mean ?
calendar and respond
FYI... . Jane Wilson is our government affairs person in Mumbai .
calendar . . . also please RSVP for melissa and I to the Lay's party .
fine with me
I would very much like your help on this . I agree that we should follow up on the others and if it doesn't work , then pursue some Bush people . the evening before for Pres -elect Bush is a good idea too; can yu follow up ?
Our recommendations on possible FERC Commissioners for Ken's next discussion with Cheney .
Question: why do we need from jan 8 to jan 31 to respond to staff comments ? I think we should squeeze that time dramatically to take a shot at Jan or early Feb resolution . If there is slippage , I don't want our earliest target date to be the end of Feb .
calendar as fyi
Thanks for the idea . I'll pass it on to Mark Metts
have we reponded ?
I talked to Peggy and her messages seem to be the same as ours . Call if you want to discuss .
Let me know what you think of the attached version .
See revised version attached and let me know what you think .
I like it . Do you think we could aggregate information regarding EES' demand side management opportunities and prepare a release announcing the results of those efforts ? Normally , we wouldn't do such an announcement without a specific deal to report , but in light of the special circumstances in California perhaps we should consider it .
As we discussed
The Governor cancelled the meeting at the last minute . Apparently , he was trying to schedule a meeting with Clinton and our meeting conflicted , so we were bumped . We are trying to set a new time . I will share with the Governor's energy advisor the information and recommendations all of you helped put together . Thanks
This is very good work . You make all the points we need to make without spraining anything in the process . You have been doing a superb job under very difficult circumstances . On another note: I don't know if you received my page , but the meeting with Davis was cancelled so I flew back to Houston . We are trying to get another time , perhaps as early as this week . Davis did meet with Greenspan and Summers , both of whom we had briefed extensively .
Rosie -- I'm not sure if this went through . . . I couldn't find it in my "sent file" . Karen -- attached are the documents I mentioned to you a minute ago .
We met with Gov Davis on Thursday evening in LA . In attendance were Ken Lay , the Governor , the Governor's staff director ( Kari Dohn ) and myself . The gov . spent over an hour and a half with us covering our suggestions and his ideas . He would like some additional thoughts from us by Tuesday of next week as he prepares his state of the state address for the following Monday . Attached to the end of this memo is a list of solutions we proposed ( based on my discussions with several of you ) as well as some background materials Jeff Dasovich and I prepared . Below are my notes from the meeting regarding our proposals , the governor's ideas , as well as my overview of the situation based on the governor's comments: Overview: We made great progress in both ensuring that he understands that we are different from the generators and in opening a channel for ongoing communication with his administration . The gov does not want the utilities to go bankrupt and seems predisposed to both rate relief ( more modest than what the utilities are looking for ) and credit guarantees . His staff has more work to do on the latter , but he was clearly intrigued with the idea . He talked mainly in terms of raising rates but not uncapping them at the retail level . He also wants to use what generation he has control over for the benefit of California consumers , including utility-owned generation ( which he would dedicate to consumers on a cost-plus basis ) and excess muni power ( which he estimates at 3000MW) . He foresees a mix of market oriented solutions as well as interventionist solutions which will allow him to fix the problem by '02 and provide some political cover . Our proposals: I have attached the outline we put in front of him ( it also included the forward price information several of you provided) . He seemed interested in 1 ) the buy down of significant demand , 2 ) the state setting a goal of x000 MW of new generation by a date certain , 3 ) getting the utilities to gradually buy more power forward and 4 ) setting up a group of rate analysts and other "nonadvocates" to develop solutions to a number of issues including designing the portfolio and forward purchase terms for utilities . He was also quite interested in examining the incentives surrounding LDC gas purchases . As already mentioned , he was also favorably disposed to finding some state sponsored credit support for the utilities . His ideas: The gov read from a list of ideas some of which were obviously under serious consideration and some of which were mere "brainstorming" . Some of these ideas would require legislative action . State may build ( or make build/transfer arrangements ) a "couple" of generation plants . The gov feels strongly that he has to show consumers that they are getting something in return for bearing some rate increases . This was a frequently recurring theme . Utilities would sell the output from generation they still own on a cost-plus basis to consumers . Municipal utilties would be required to sell their excess generation in California . State universities ( including UC/CSU and the community colleges ) would more widely deploy distributed generation . Expand in-state gas production . Take state lands gas royalties in kind . negotiate directly with tribes and state governments in the west for addtional gas supplies . Empower an existing state agency to approve/coordinate power plant maintenance schedules to avoid having too much generation out of service at any one time . Condition emissions offsets on commitments to sell power longer term in state . Either eliminate the ISO or sharply curtail its function -- he wants to hear more about how Nordpool works(Jeff- someone in Schroeder's group should be able to help out here) . Wants to condition new generation on a commitment to sell in state . We made some headway with the idea that he could instead require utilities to buy some portion of their forward requirements from new in-state generation thereby accomplishing the same thing without using a command and control approach with generators . Securitize uncollected power purchase costs . To dos: ( Jeff , again I'd like to prevail on you to assemble the group's thoughts and get them to Kari ) He wants to see 5 year fixed power prices for peak/ off-peak and baseload -- not just the 5 one year strips . He wants comments on his proposals by Tuesday . He would like thoughts on how to pitch what consumers are getting out of the deal . He wants to assemble a group of energy gurus to help sort through some of the forward contracting issues . Thanks to everyone for their help . We made some progress today .
Forgot to include you on this .
Michelle - I think Linda would fill the spot you and I talked about very well . Linda is the new head of our DC office; she was asst secy of treasury under Bentsen , Rubin and Summers . She is very well respected in washington . She received the Alexander Hamilton award fro Secy Summers -- the highest award presented by the US Treas dept . She has gotten up to speed very quickly on our issues and I think would serve the progam well ( and she's already paid for!!) .
Scott sent this to Marty , but I assume you already have had communications with him about this .
OK to update
This guy has it right .
So is it bigger than his tax cut on an annual average basis ?
Let's make sure that he gets our list of FERC Commissioner candidates ( with special emphasis on Wood and Brownell) .
Minor edits as shown . Otherwise , looks good .
See revisions . Am also attaching the "solutions document" we left with the Governor . I think we should follow that basic format and include the solutions set out there .
See suggestions
I don't know if I have sent one of these to you before . This is an e-mail update service that we may want to consider as a distribution vehicle -- either because they pick up the content or because we procure their distribution list . Dan- could you have someone check these guys out ?
My comments
These were the next to last drafts ( before correcting any typos) .
I spent a little over 30 minutes with Robert . He is a very sharp guy and has a great deal of relevant government experience . While I don't have a position that would be suitable for his experience level ( all of my senior positions are filled) , he is definitely someone I would consider if I had an open position . My impression from Robert is that , while he has some interest in Public Affairs , his main interest is in a commercial position . I stressed to him that it would be difficult to come into Enron to run a business , but he could build to it over time . His main concern was that he not get "lost in the system" if he came in at a level below business unit head . I think Robert would be a good addition to Enron if 1 ) he is willing to come in to a commercial role at a more junior level to learn the system and 2 ) we can make sure that he gets the opportunity to have contact with senior levels of the organization from time to time .
Call me about this
attachment
calendar
I don't think this will work . We have offices on 50M but two are set aside for board members and one ( the one Rob Walls recently left ) is going to be tied up with a video crew working on the analyst meeting .
Joe and Linda , could you prepare our views on these two and forward to Ken ?
What should i tell john ?
Nathan , give me call if you can -- 713-853-1586 . I'm EVP and Chief of Staff for Enron . We met during the on-campus interview process . I know we have extended an offer and I'm still hoping you'll accept . Call me .
I tinkered a bit more with the background doc .
recommendations
Accurate and sobering . I've made two small comments just as an fyi .
Attached is a summary of the Jan 13 Davis-Summers summit on the California power situation . We will be discussing this at the 2:00 call today .
Summary of yesterdays meeting attached
california update
Please revise by adding the newly elected MDs ( from Friday's promotion memo ) under the existing heading "Other Managing Directors" . Thanks
These things are usually a waste of time and money . "Rob Kean" Please respond to rob.kean
I'd be happy to help and learn . Hve your assistant call Maureen McVicker
Any instructions ?
I think this might have been intended for you .
calendar
I left a voicemail for Rosalee . She should be contacting you once the inaug . is over .
Try Roy Boston in our Hinsdale Ill office
schedule
Need a hard copy . . . I don't have a password for cera Eric Benson mes D cc: Subject: High Speed Regulation in California - CERA Alert Steve , Rick and Jim - Below is an article from CERA that summarizes the current situation in California . Eric
Any interest ?
I know Chip personally , as , of course , does Leslie . Leslie may be better able to speak to Chip's judicial background . Chip is a fine man and deeply involved in his community . Any chance we could pass word on to Sen . Dom.'s office ?
You need to be aware that we are in the process of selling the Wind Co . Mark Metts and Amit Walya are working on this . If the price changes under the QF contracts it would impact the sale . Call Amit to discuss ( 345-5570) .
schedule and file . I will be presenting at this meeting . Please send comments to Elizabeth ASAP .
schedule and meeting file
I think there is merit in pursuing this . A couple of comments: It may be unduly complicated to get customers to provide the funding . Perhaps we should focus on the banks instead . The deal might be further funding in exchange for legislative and regulatory concessions on rates , transmission and generation siting and the rest of the items you outline . Rubin would be great to have , but having watched Summers in action I'm notsure we need another ex-treas . Summers is superb , up-to-speed , and apparently willing to work on this . Linda -- how would Larry feel if we brought in his ex-boss ( I know they're buddies but does Summers really needthe help?) . Need to keep an eye on the ball for large customers-- many of whom are oursthey will continue to need some access to better rates . Perhaps the proposcould be converted to cash in exchange for demand reductions . Sent by: Jeff Dasovich ON cc: Subject: Summary of Proposed Short-term Solution for California's EnCrisis
My proposed changes .
attachment
the format looks good to me . I'd suggest that you prepare the talking points for Jeff and schedule some time to brief him in advance . I got a response from ted on Fri to the voicemail i left for him . It sounded like he fully understood your role and would take the appropriate steps with respect to the recruiters . Is it straightened out now ?
Please see the attached documents .
calendar and WGA meeting file
I think the documents look good . I will discuss with Ken and Jeff ( after finalizing a few outstanding items with these individuals) .
Thanks for the update . Any suggestions on anyone we might retain if this becomes a big "government to government" issue ?
calendar
meeting file
have you handled already ?
any interest ?
revised version
I spoke with Ken about the Business Council . He agreed: errors of commission are much better than errors of omission . H e does want to be personally involved in the invitations from here on and he is very willing to make calls next week to help get some confirmations . Deal directly with him .  .  .  there's no need for me to be in the middle . Also , a bit of background: Greenspan is always invited to the reception the night before , but they don't want to offer him a speaking spot because he won't speak without the press present . Thanks again for all your work on the Senate hearing . I felt overprepared -- which is just how I want to feel -- and every bit of information I needed was at my fingertips .
Thanks to everyone for their work on the Senate hearing . There are a couple of follow-up items: Thanks to the Portland and Washington teams , Sen Wyden is very interested in identifying the kind of information we need from the ISO ( and PX to the extent it's still relevant ) to make the market work better . We have written this up before , I think we just need to put it in letter form . Alan -- please take the lead on this and get a draft to Linda . I think we should identify the information and also prepare a letter for the Chairman ( ? ) that could be sent to the FERC . Murkowski ( the Committee Chairman ) asked for an itemized list of things the fed should do to expedite siting as well as anything else we feel is necessary to address the California crisis . We have identified the need for open access across the nation , but he is looking for what can be done in the 2-4 month time frame . Dave , I think your memo to me is a good start . Sue -- could you please put those and any other suggestions in letter form and get them to Linda ? Finally , Sen Feinstein asked all of the witnesses to ask their CEOs not to "price gouge" -- yes , that's what she said . She appealed to everyone's community spirit and asked suppliers to forbear charging high prices while California struggles to fix its problems . I think we should send a response from Ken . Jeff -- please take a cut and get to Linda . I think the basic messages should be: we are actively working on solutions with California policymakers ( forward contracting was our idea after all); we are actively pursuing demand reduction in the state , etc . We should also explain the nature of our business and pick up on some of the other solutions we identified in the written testimony , offer to meet to discuss further , etc .
We need to put a briefing book together for Ken ASAP for his California trip .
FYI -- Kalen is the head of HR for EES; she works for Beth Tilney .
meeting file
what do you think ?
Here are the documents .
fyi -- messages re California
Sorry I didn't have much time to talk yesterday . The presentation went well . We had a great turnout and Celeste , Andrew Miles and John Walt ( and the other Enron attendees ) did a great job . I'm going to talk to Traci on Monday .
For some reason I couldn't get this message to Sherrie Sera . Please forward . Sherrie - see last item below .
I know you guys have been working around the clock . I just wanted to make sure you hadn't forgotten about Mike Dahlke ( whose resume I sent on to you Dan) . When you catch a breath please take some time to consider Mike for
I have sent a reminder . The EES team has been working around the clock on California matters , so I'm not surprised that they haven't focusses o this yet
Nice work , Mike
Ken did speak with Ulf ( and I believe left you a message) . I have not heard about further contacts as yet .
Check schedule and if I can go please rsvp to Ruth Ann
Work with Linda to finalize
calnedar and meeting file
I'm in . A;lso , I don't think we have settled up on Mom and Dad's xmas present yet . What do I owe ? "Rob Kean" Please respond to rob.kean
calendar and meeting file
looks fine
I love you too , sweety . Have a great day . See you tonight
calendar and rsvp
thanks . It amazes me how many people saw C-span . . . I thought it was just for junkies like us . I would like to get together in DC . I don't have a date scheduled yet , but I seem to get there every other week or so .
corporate policy ?
I just read the E-Speak transcript . I think you did a great job ! I look forward to sitting down with you after we have gathered all the feedback from the website and other sources .
Great presentation , as always . I think you should add a brief set of talking points: what are the key messages we want to convey ? what , if anything , can we ask Martens to do that would allow some progress in the short run ? Maureen: please get this to Ricardo ( he's at the EBS offsite this am) .
Looks fine as far as it goes . . . but don't we want to explain how this fits in to our strategy ? Is it just another platform for us to bring our products and prices to the market ? We have said with respect to EOL that the transaction is the goal not the platform . Do we want to position this the same way ? Examples of other press releases include our extension of pricing on EOL to the two other platforms ( including Houston Street ) which we did a couple of months ago .
calendar and meeting file
I am attaching several items that I hope you will find useful when you brief Chambers: A background document ( which is a bit dated , but still useful) . This is an internal document , so I would appreciate it if you would keep it confidential ( though you are free to use the content in your own messages or documents) . A basic outline of solutions . A summary of the Governor's recent executive orders . ( It's another internal analysis. ) I think these orders show a better understanding of the problems and solutions than we have seen before . As we discussed on the phone , our biggest problem is inertia . . . we don't have much time , many solutions have long lead times , and the political wheels grind slowly . Jeff Dasovich: please forward any specifics on the demand buy down proposal and anything else that you think might be helpful background for Laura .
We move alot of people around Enron . In fact , on an annual basis , we make about 8400 moves ( out of a Houston employee base of 11000) . We have found at Enron that putting people next to eachother makes things happen: increased productivity and communication . Given our tight office situation in Houston , moving people around to make room for new and expanding businesses has caused some disruption . We try to keep it to a minimum and expect it to improve later this year when we begin occupying the new building .
meeitng file
I am sooooooooooooo proud of you . More importantly , you should be proud of you .
I concur what do you think ?
Ken has talked about EES willingness to invest this money in demand side management , if the right program were set up -- eg a demand buydown program .
do not circulate; fyi
Jean has responded to Rick and I . She doesn't feel that she has room in her budget to pick up a partial headcount .
Absolutely . Feel free to use the content . I forgot to give you Mike Day's number; it is: 415.765.8408 . As you'll recall , you asked for a California energy expert . Mike certainly qualifies .
Sen Wyden called Jeff Skilling and I subsequently spoke to his staffer , Joshua Sheinkman . As you know , Wyden wants to introduce legislation to facilitate disclosure of operating information about the electric grid and is now looking for more details . Wyden is not interested in pressing for additional disclosure of financial information . The additional details they are looking for include: what information should be made available; when should it be made available , how should it be made available and who should make it available . On this last point , I suggested that the legislation should apply to the transmission system operator , whoever that is ( i.e . it could be an investor owned utility , a publicly-owned utility , an ISO or an RTO) . I also pointed out that FERC could make this happen by itself , except in the case of public utilities like BPA . Extending FERC jurisdiction to these entities could be among the main benefits of the legislation . Alan , please pull together the recommendations on each of these issues and forward to Linda . Linda , after we have the information ( and perhaps some legislative language to go with it ) please forward to Joshua at Wyden would like our help in getting Sen Nickles to cosponsor the legislation . ( Linda ) It may also be useful to suggest a letter from wyden to FERC asking them to use their existing authority to start these disclosures as soon as possible for those entities wver which they have jurisdiction . ( Linda and Joe )
I agree with John's recommendations . We have been doing surprisingly well in the press . And , for the most part , those who write bad stuff are doing so based on ideology . . . we are not going to convert them .
Shelley and Jim , who should follow up ?
This is an interesting idea .
thanks
Forward on if you find it helpful
Thank you very much for the note . Sorry I am so late replying ( I am on my way to another round -- House hearings this time -- and was recalling your note) . It is amazing to me how many people saw the hearing on C-span ( nothing worthwhile on the Weather Channel , I guess) . Thanks again , and welcome aboard .
Take a look at the attached and let's discuss . Maureen is in Vince Kaminski's group and wants to leave . How about reg risk ?
Please give me Amy's e-mail address . I'd like to get in touch with her . Thanks .
please include shirley on your california updates
Attached is the text I would like to use for the letters to Feinstein and Murkowski . Please set up on my letterhead . Linda or Tom -- any comments ? The Wyden letter is in good shape; I have given Maureen some minor handwritten edits . It will go out this a.m . Thanks for everyone's patience .
Outstanding . Congratulations , Lauren
Sorry , I think you should talk directly with Rosalee .
I'm going to be at the Hyatt in Sac . tonight . Could you send a hardcopy to me there ?
yes
help is on the way . We are going to establish some senior executive oversight as well as an executive director ( probably someone who came through the program) . Charlene is going to be moving into a commercial role ( which was the original plan when she was brought into the organization) . I'd be happy to talk to you in more detail when I get back to Houston .
There is also a california update call ( used to be daily , now weekly) . Marcia Linton ( Jim Steffes' assistant ) can give you the call in information and add you to the distribution list .
Sean - is this anything we need to follow up on ?
Firsst article attached refers to the 1946 Nebraska case I mentioned to youin DC
test
can you fill this out for me ? Thanks for the analysis . We understand that McKinsey may be helping the Governor develop a demand buy down program . Is this true ?
Ken will be making a call to Bob Glynn at PG&E . Please give the attached to Ken before the call .
can you help me wiht this ?
any interest ?
Having worked on the Enron Advisory council process , I have one observation: consider having some or all of these individuals as "guest speakers" rather than formal memebers . You can still have them review information , do their homework , and tailor their remarks to Enron specifics . Also , you should definitely include Paul Portney at Resources for the Future . He sits on the Enron Advisory Council and knows the company well .
yes
fyi - Jade Eaton is one of Lara's contacts at DOJ
I think I can recommend that the time be set aside , but it would be helpful if we pointed out to Emerson that it must be clear that there is a clear opportunity for Enron before we schedule the meeting . Maybe you could use this to get some progress on a bundled outsource deal .
I don't see a fit
I'm suggesting that we make progress on it before we agree to a CEO summit
Ask Karen for the distribution list she would like to send these to for today's 1:30 meeting . Also please reserve 47c1 for the meeting so I can use the computer screen .
I'm not saying we should buy this service , but I do think we need some way of staying on top of TV spots mentioning Enron .
Thanks for the update . The Western Governors remain the best avenue we have for preventing price caps and California's attempts to secede from the grid . We need to keep pushing information to them regarding these issues . Attached is some text I have been using for correspondence with policy makers regarding California issues . Feel free to use it .
Just received a voicemail from Stan . He knows Mike; he does not have any spots for him right now . My suspicion is that the EES discussions are not ultimately going to yield fruit . We are probably going to have to discuss what's next .
I think this is a very interesting idea . Please get with Bill D . and make sure he gets a description of what we would need to do to physically accomodate the station and make sure he's comfortable with it before we go ahead .
How important is this fight to us now ( see attached article on ExIm) ?
Please see attached . Rob , perhaps while in London you could stop by Mark's desk to discuss .
It looks like we are playing a smaller role than the WSJ article indicates -- i.e . a role commensurate with our level of interest . I have talked with John several times about the relative importance of OPIC , ExIm and other funding organizations in light of the change in emphasis in our business . As a result of those discussions we cut headcount and expenditures from the proposed budget for "01 and John has joined Linda Robertson's organization in the DC office ( instead of being a stand alone effort) . Having said that , my view ( based on the work John has been doing ) is that we continue to have a considerable amount of work for him to do on the project finance front as a result of existing projects , projects we continue to pursue , and transfer issues associated with the asset sales . Do you agree ?
I just checked with Jeff and Ken . They are both out of the office that day . Sorry it didn't work out .
Got a voicemail from Rob Walls . They are ( have been ) looking into it .
Excerpts by email are fine . Also , as I mentioned , I am very impressed with your background and accomplishments , but I would like to have you meet a couple of other people in my group before making a final offer . Thanks and stay warm !
Make sure this is consistent with the lists we put in the memo . thanks
This is an issue we need to stay on top of . Felicia: could you please putsome background together for everyone on the list ?
Here are the message points
Thanks for the note . Jim Hughes asked the same question you did . Here is my ( and John's ) response .
Sorry , I had saved your list for the Europe AA PRC and didn't include them in my draft of the memo . I am sending another version shortly that has that information included . I don't think I need anything more from you , unless you have other comments on the memo . Thanks
Thanks for the message . It's good to hear from you again . We have already hired Racicot ( who now works for Bracewell and Patterson) , but I'm not sure that our arrangement would include what you may need , so I'm copying Linda Robertson in our DC office . Also , I'll copy Jim Derrick so he knows we might expand our relationship there . Linda and Joe - thoughts on BPA and EOL ?
I am attaching the FERC order and staff recommendations . The order provides for $69 million in "potential" refunds ( either pay up or provide cost justification) . Enron was not named as one of the 13 overcharging parties , but PGE was ( $3.18 million) . It's not over yet , though . The order deals only with Jan 01 and promises further orders regarding Dec 00 and benchmark prices through April 01 . The prices used to determine refunds were fairly high ( $273/mwh based on gas prices , emissions costs and an assumed heat rate of over 16000) . With respect to sales to California , we have concluded at least one short term sale and have talked with Cal Dept of Water Resources about longer term deals , but we were still struggling with credit issues , last I heard . I'm copying Jeff Dasovich because I'm sure he has more up to date information .
As to whether long term contracting by Cal . is a good idea , the answer is somewhat mixed . We were one of the early parties pointing out the problems with total reliance on the spot market and encouraging more forward contracting . Given the utilities' precarious financial position there were two options: 1 ) outsource the default provider obligation to the market ( this is what we prefer but there was no political support for it) , or 2 ) have the state put its credit behind the purchases . California is pursuing the latter , with CDWR prucahsing the utilities' requirements . In the short term , we have criticized the state's plan because it contemplates state takeover of the grid; state participation in power plant financing , construction , and ownership; and they have not made it clear that CDWR really has the money to pay for all the purchases . I am attaching text I have used as the base for a number of communications with policymakers .
It was not mentioned to me . I'm copying rosie and vanessa to find out if this was a simple referral ( in which case you should keep the work to a minimum -- return the call , but don't get distracted from your other efforts ) or whether Ken is especially interested in this and wants us to follow through .
I'm checking . Melissa loves talking about Houston real estate ( one of the many quirks I love her for) . I'll find out when she can do it .
Please post on internal site
looks ok to me
yes
I would just say Jeff is pres and ceo , not refer to him as Ken's replacement .
Ken was meeting with him the day before yesterday . I'm just waiting to hear back .
Your assessment makes perfect sense to me . What do you think about having Nels make the call to Lundquist just to find out what his status is , what he might look for when his current assignment is over , etc . ( obviously without identifying us -- presumably Nels would have reason to talk to him anyway in the normal course of business) ? I am not wedded to the idea but am inclined toward at least getting the information , unless you see a problem .
I can do it , but have to be at the airport before 2:00 for a flight to NY .
Perhaps we should consider putting something together on India ?
The amendment was defeated
Joe -- could you see if someone at FERC -- Hebert or Madden , might be available -- or suggest a suitable alternative ?
We have got to do better at this . IR did a webcast of the annual meeting that from all reports had a minimum of glitches . Can we use the same technology ?
At the bottom of the string is Stacy's phone number
This is a very good try . I think it comes off too defensive and too genera(I just don't think the topic lends itself to the format) . Here's what Ithink we should do: Jeff is filming a piece for etv about the stock price . We should perhaps use , and expand upon , those messages . This approach ismore directed at the bottom line: why our stock price should go up . cc: Mary Clark/Corp/Enron@ENRON Subject: Re: Per Your Request Thanks Steve . Here's an initial draft -- I've taken a very light "eBizy"approach to delivering the message . Perhaps by having some fun with it wecan look a little less defensive . Let me know if we're on track or pitifulway off . Thanks . Comparing Enron to Apples You may have noticed )  or you may be asking why )  industry analysts ocompare Enron to Wall Street firms like Goldman Sachs or investment bankslike Chase Manhattan . We thought it was time to sort out any confusion between our businesses , just in case someone asks you to explain . Here's how we're different from those guys: w Enron provides physical delivery of energy products to customers )  we are not just traders . Those guys mainly act as brokers and do not participatephysically . w Enron proactively seeks to reform and create markets . Those guys simplyparticipate and compete . w Enron extends its business model into new and deregulating markets , enabling high growth rates . Those guys are in markets that generate lessaggressive growth rates . w Enron owns physical assets that provide consistent cash flow , such as ourpipelines . Those guys do not have them . And if that's not enough , we think our employees are so much cooler than theirs . To: Mary Clark/Corp/Enron@ENRON , Sarah Palmer/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Subject: Per Your Request Here are the message points
Can we also get something in the stip that limits the market making activity or at least promises a reexamination of the scope of the market making activity after some period of time . Also , can we strengthen the language to give us something beyond simply a right to file -- which is a right we have anyway .
Hap -- could you provide a response and get it to Meredith . I'd like to correct this .
looks good . Rosie , you may want to include this in ken's file for the toronto trip
Drop the first comma in the first sentence of the third paragraph . Otherwise good to go .
The memo going out on Monday discusses the corporate policy committee briefat the end . The corporate policy committee does the MD PRC ( evaluation ofMDs and promotions to MD) , reviews the recommendations of the other committees ( which we are just now forming) . Additionally , the corporate policy committee met to determine the membership and charters of the othercommittees ( including the PRC committees) . The corporate policy committee is comprised of the most senior executives , including the Office of the Chairman , the leaders of the four business units and the heads of the corporate functions . In addition to the specific items mentioned above , thcorporate policy committee was intended to discuss and resolve the major issues facing the company , including issues of strategy , personnel and challenges facing the company . The corporate policy committee has met three times so far , so not much history yet . Perhaps as further pronouncements issue from this august bodywe will make more of a point about where they came from . Mary Clark cc: Subject: RE: Corporate Policy Committee Steve , please briefly describe what the policy committee does so we can respond to this employee question . Thanks . Mary
How about inserting the attached ( after the explanation about the relationship between New Power and Enron) ?
keep sending the message board quotes . Sometimes when I open them I have trouble locating the specific quote ( other times I'm taken right to it) . Do you imbed the URLs differently ?
The quotes are accurate , but I did not say California does not have a supply problem .
The conversation was very positive ( Glynn did not know anything about it at first , but , looked into it and called Ken back Friday evening) . Glynn said they were including the amount owed in their negotiations over the price for the transmission assets and said they intended to pay all of their debts , including this one , as soon as they get paid . He said that this weekk would be focussed on finalizing a deal for SCE given the threat of bankruptcy; the discussions would then turn to PG&E .
I heard you were a big hit .
I just saw the NYT article . Nice job . It's nicely positioned as an issue about India's resolve to encourage foreign investment and live up to contracts .
He could have solved this problem in 20 minutes , right ?
The revised statement looks good to me .
Congratulations on your new position ! This all came up rather suddenly , at least as far as I can tell . If you have any interest , I would like to talk to you sometime .
Thanks . Look forward to seeing you . Sorry I left Jimmy off the note , I know he must be doing a good job .
Thanks . I was glad to do it and would do it again.. . next time my computer will work . I benefitted a great deal from what I heard from the group , especially regarding the PRC .
What's this about ? Could you e-mail Dave and I with the background , any effect on us , etc. ? Why was Dave on this distribution ?
Thanks for the offer . I may take you up on it .
I would hold off for now . I think , based on our discussion , that Ira might be a fit for my organization or EES . Unfortunately , I am heading out of town with my family on the 12th ( unfortunate for meeting with Ira ,  not unfortunate for me ) and EES has new leadership who is trying to assess the state of things before making new senior level hires . So , let's wait a bit . Thanks
Your understanding was correct . In light of recent changes in the California regulatory environment ( eg the recent rate order ) I don't think it makes sense for us to distribute the document at this time , so you can ignore the request . Thanks
Linda - as we discussed , adding a sentence on open access is key . Also , I would delete the sentence about the transmission system not being designed for the way it's being used today .
Maureen , please schedule some time on my calendar for Littlechild .
Thanks for the note . I am forwarding it on to our analyst and associate recruiting program leaders . We may have already filled the summer spots ( we also cut down the number a bit this year to ensure a higher quality experience) , but we will be out looking for a large number of permanent hires in the Fall .
See last question .
Mark also forwarded a voicemail from Doty . Doty goes into great length about his discussions with Gramm ( both of them ) and professes to have not only a good relationship but also the support of the Senator . At this point , any reason not to get the letter prepared for Ken's signature ?
I am calling Rob Walls to see if he can attend .
No . Any idea how these guys are finding out where Jeff is going ? Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Tell him we are sending his note on to the appropriate person .
Per our discussion this morning , below is a summary of items to discuss with Glynn: Adding Enron's "negative CTC claim" to the list of claims: PGE's filing included a list of top twenty creditors . Our negative CTC claim was apparently not taken into account in compiling that list . The list is nonbinding , however . PG&E will be required to file schedules of creditors on April 20 . Our negative CTC claim should be on Schedule F ( for unsecured claims) . You may want to remind Glynn of your previous conversations and state our expectation that the negative CTC claim will appear ( preferably as uncontested ) in the April 20 filing . ( Note: if PG&E does not include the claim we have an opportunity to file a proof of claim and ultimately the court determines the validity of the claim) . Including Enron on the Creditors' Committee: PG&E may have the opportunity to influence representation on the creditors' committees . There are several reasons to suggest to Glynn that we be included: 1 ) we are a big creditor , 2 ) we could be helpful in crafting a broader solution , and 3 ) we are one of the real parties in interest behind the PX and ISO ( who were listed as significant creditors but are really just "passthroughs" for the suppliers . . . and PG&E likely would not want to have those political bodies serving on the creditors committee anyway) .
I agree with Mark's changes and I think the memo is good to go .
I talked with Ken yesterday . He would like to keep David on until May 15 to finish up some things he is working on for Ken . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
I would decline Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Eliz- can you handle ?
Never mind . . . I found 'em .
could you look into this for me ?
yes , send to dennis Stacy Walker@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
Attached is the information on talent moves within Enron . The numbers are for Enron's domestic workforce only . The bottom line is that the EBS and EES redeployment figures are not unusual for Enron: We moved over 3000 employees last year ( about 25% of our domestic workforce) . Most of these moves are attributable new business startups ( eg EGM , ENW and EIM ) and normal course of business transfers within the company . The formal redeployment process makes up only a small fraction of the total moves in the company .
I didn't sell any , right ?
Good brief . I have noted a few comments and questions throughout the text . Ignore my universal change to the word "transmissions" .
Thanks so much for your message . Your communications are always complete , firm , clear and polite . I am sorry that perhaps the most critical aspect of your efforts -- security-- has been so confused by our end . I understand from John Brindle that the confusion generated by our end has not kept you from accomplishing a great deal of the work anyway . I have asked John to lead the effort , to the extent you need him . John and his team are very experienced and have been in contact with and coordination with the London office . Mike Hicks is a good hand , but for the most part , all I have asked him to do is be in a position to identify outside resources skilled in the area in question . It is a bit too much to ask Mike to be hands on for all of Enron's corporate security needs . A little background I'll bore you with: after Andre Legallo ( formerly VP of Security for Enron ) left , we did not replace his function . Most of the operating companies had their own security and business controls groups . When Andre left , we reduced the corporate function to a "default provider" role -- if a business unit had a need it was not otherwise meeting , Mike Hicks ( as well as an outside consulting firm ) would help identify competent resources in the area . With the reorganization of EBS , I have inherited the very competent and experienced team they had assembled ( led by John Brindle) . John identified some concerns regarding India mid last week . I urged him to get in touch with Rebecca; he did . It was clear after further inquiries by John that the India team had already addressed many if not all of the concerns and much of the remaining work involved implementation . John volunteered to send some people over to help and I said OK . He had already been in touch with the London team and Mike Hicks ( who I have asked to return to Houston) . The last thing you need right now is confusion caused by a group saying "we're from corporate and we're here to help" . If you don't need any "help" or if the situation gets anything other than significantly better , let me know .
You are awesome .
Thanks for taking the lead on this . Note Tim's question about handicapping the liklihood of approval . Prices will move in the West based on these odds . We need to have a better view than anyone else .
Thanks for handling . Let me know if it begins to interfere unduly with your new responsibilities .
Thanks for the updated presentation . It helps me a great deal to keep up with you guys . Send more as you do them .
Do what you need to do; the system has to work . The only question I have is: why doesn't IT just take care of this without a charge ? This is not an extraordinary item or special request . This ought to be something IT simply takes care of without us having to get involved or pay extra . Am I missing something ?
No charges . I think we should refer these to Carrie Robert and ask her to run down the people in the organization most likely to have an interest . In this case , I would get in touch with Andy Fastow , Ben Glissan or someone in the finance group in London . That way , we can make a better determination about the value of the relationship , make sure those who are interested in pitching them on doing bus . with Enron can be involved . Or , we can make a determination to decline . I think we decide who we want to let in then do it for free , rather than charging .
I would'nt have it introduced by the "corporate policy committee" . I would say Enron is introducing or "there is a new tool available to you" . I am anxious to see how this goes over; it's a great tool .
Please get me Pat Wood's phone number and post a reminder on my calendar to call him ASAP
calendar
I think Jeff should be the point person on putting the response together on this ( and future air and climate change position inquiries) . Jeff - please make sure you get the comments of all involved .
I got a voicemail response from Jeff - he is fine with me substituting for him on the Japan trip .
I got a voicemail fro Ken . He would be happy to meet with Freeman . He is willing to work on other times , but suggested the following After 3:00 on May 2nd ( right after Ken's speech to the RGA ) or late the day before or in the morning of the second ( to do this though he would have to cancel his speech to the Texas Governor's business council but he is willing to do this if necessary ) His least preferred alternative in this general time frame would be early morning on the third . Jeff -- could you coordinate with Rosie to get the time and place nailed down ?
See natural gas price article below . Our buddy Paul Carpenter has turned ous ( not to mention that he seems to be talking nonsense) . How about givinghim a call ?
calendar
I think Mike should sign
I'll give 150 . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Yes
Jean - please get in touch with Greg .
Suggested changes are highlighted below .
Cindy - this looks like it might be an opportunity for you or David to reach your target audience .
meeting folder
I already responded to this . Print for my meeting file . I will need an LCD projector and a computer ( or connections for my computer ) so that I can show the presentation . Thanks .
We need to communicate with Massey before he gets completely carried away blaming the interstate pipeline business for gas price spikes . We need to get him the information regarding Cal LDCs failure to fill storage and their opposition to additional pipeline construction in the state . Shelley -- could you forward copies of the LDC filings to the group . Should Joe or I ( or both ) try to see massey when I am in town next week ?
Ken talked to Sen Kinder . He made the points you had prepared . Kinder agreed to shelve the legislation for this session . He said he had been hearing from several others , including Proctor and Gamble ( which has a big facility in his district ) that the legislation was not going to help competition develop in the state . He expressed willingness to work with us on a better package and also expressed interest in coming to Enron's offices . He is going to be in San Antonio in August and would like to come to Houston around that time .
I think wholesale will be well covered . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
I think it's a good idea , but we will need a different summary . . . either limit the summary to a couple of key points or provide an explanation , in layman's terms , of the practical effect of each of the changes .
Go ahead .
Have we made this available to the Cheney team ?
Congratulations on your appointment by Fox . That's great news . I continue to be impressed by the way Fox is handling things . Let me know what I can do to help . As you know we are looking for a replacement for the unreplaceable Ricardo Charvel . I know you and he have discussed some possibilities . Rick Shapiro has met several candidates and will be bringing two to Houston in the next week or so . Dr . Kean continues to improve her golf game while I slave away at Enron to cover the greens fees . Let me know when you are coming to town next .
Please coordinate with PGE on the comments .
I forgot to email myself the brief to track changes , but here are my changes in writing: p . 1: Para starting "focusing on the latter," that sentence , change "get creative" to be innavotaive in its approach." p . 2: 1st full Paragraph , Second sentence , change "uniting" to "common" and there is a typo on line5 , reduction n consumption . Should be "of" page 6: We need the RR for PG&E . Under Part VII , Rate Design , can we insert a sentence that our proposal , unlike the others , does not arbitrarily allocate costs to peak period . We told Scott we wuold insert the arbitrariness of other proposals several times in the brief . We also need ro insert discussion about relation of peak to offpeak prices , as a 3:2 ratio , which is not what other parties have proposed . page 8: 2 . Derivation of Threshold Usage: , first sentence , delete "between" in first sentence . page 9: Second full paragraph , begining "Again , the UDS's , " Second sentence , sited should be "cited" p . 12: First full paragraph beginning "A primary component," Insert a sentence after the second sentence to mention , again , the arbitrariness of proposals allocatin costs between peak and offpeak . Second full parag , beginning , "Enron's proposal , can stick a sentence about arbitrariness in there too . And change "more necessary goal" in 4th sentence to "more critical goal" I don't have the email I sent out about what we agreed to insert with Scott , so if you have a chance , check it to make sure we did everything we agreed to . I am going to try to come into the office very early tomorrow and will check email again , but my son has an appointment with the neurologist here in Houston at 9:20 am tomorrow , and that is where I will be when you have the 9:30 call ( we made this appointment months ago) . But I will communicate with Harry and everyone else before then . Thanks .
FYI . I think they should try to get in to see Lundquist , but I don't think we need to participate in this . We have been focussed on nation-wide issues when we have had the opportunity to meet with Lundquist and I don't think we should use our limited shots here .
Nice work Kerry and Barb . I think we should do the follow up work on setting a follow up meeting with the Senator . Ken left it open whether he would be available when the Sen is in Houston , so we have made no commitment in that regard .
Could you coordinate with Cindy Stark on the meeting with Massey in a couple of weeks ? Stan has asked me if I would like to attend . I would , but don't know when exactly it is scheduled for .
I have advised against Ken or Jeff attending the generators meeting: Ken is still willing to make time avail on the 3d to meet with the gov .
One minor edit
looks good
looks good
This is an issue we have long struggled with . We have conducted several comprehensive reviews in the past and on an ongoing basis we go through a resource allocation process which enables subjective criteria to be considered in the prioritization and resource allocation process . I think the project is a good idea . Your sources would be John , Jim Steffes , and Rick Shapiro ( for the RCR , or resource commitment process) .
calendar fyi
mo - calendar Rob - fyi , upcoming speech
We are concerned about leaks to the press which may have ocurred from our Washington office over the last few months ( including leaks from a former employee) . Could you put someone in touch with Rick and Linda Robertson ( head of our DC office) ?
Looks fine to me . I have not cross checked the lists , but I assume you have included everyone who was designated to serve on the PRCs per the original memo ( in addition to the new bus unit additions )
no objection
A memo is coming out shortly .
I think the memo needs some additional work . I have made a number of suggestion ( highlighted on the attached) .
meeting file
Thanks for the invite ( and the follow up voicemail) . I'd love to see the General ( and you of course) , but I'm going to have to pass . Thanks anyway .
OK by me . OK by me .
I think we should let people in the legislature know about this and see if one or more of them can get their hands on it .
I think the meeting is on Wednesday , but if you can be there ( Sacremento , I expect ) you should . As I mentioned in my voicemail , I think the meeting will not be particularly substantive; more likely it is a photo op for the governor to show how tough he is on the pirate generators . Based on your message below , should we still plan to send somebody ? I still think we should if we can manage the legal risk . Mike: would you be able to attend as well ?
Minor changes shown on the attached ( gotta get the big guy's title right) .
Please add Linda Robertson ( Head of our DC office ) to this list if that's ok .
I love you , baby . Study hard .
Thanks for the invite . I would suggest Jean Ryall - who heads our Texas government/regulatory affairs team . She is certainly more familiar with the details ( of which there will be many more after this legislative session and the conclusion of the pilot program) . She is also a very good speaker ( and can probably relate a few war stories to spice things up) .
Please get available dates . I need to be there for this .
I left Hartsoe a voicemail on this issue too . I'm not sure we can convince Massey and others not to cap the secondary market for example , but they need to understand the facts before they run off attacking the pipelines: gas utilities in California opposed interstate capacity expansions into the state . gas utilities had just as much opportunity as anyone else to participate in open seasons for capacity . gas utilities fialed to fill storage . gas utilites have failed to build adequate take away capacity at the Cal border I suspect Socal gas is using its interstate capacity and its in state storage to line its own pockets . In short , if FERC wants to get to the bottom of the problem they need to look in California , not outside .
please forward to Vicky Sharp .
Forward to whomever you see fit . It looks like an opportunity to explain price risk management to large customers .
Steve - take a look at this and contact the sponsor with a yes or no . Thanks
Decline is ok . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
I think the presentation looks fine , but consider adding this: there is real risk to utilities ( as well as customers ) in continuing a regulated regime . The California utilities have been pushed into or to the brink of bankruptcy
The presentation looks fine but consider adding this idea in a few slides: the continuation of a regulated structure poses considerable risk for utilities . California's utilities were pushed to the brink of , or into , bankruptcy because of a regualtory regime which allocated price risk to them . All parties are better off in a system where the regulated enterprise is limited to natural monopoly functions and all other acitivities are conducted in a marketplace . Also , did we cover the shortcomings of the Japanese market sufficiently ?
prepare for my siganture . cc Lisa
Ken Lay spoke with several California CEOs this morning and urged them to get personally involved in pushing for a comprehensive set of reforms . Three expressed willingness to help . Scott McNealy ( Sun): contact person - Piper Cole ( piper.cole@sun.com); scott.mcnealy@engeng.sun.com . Mcnealy wants , by close of business today , a "cheat sheet" of the talking points to use with politicians ( the "8 or 10 elements of the solution" ) with the expected comeback he may hear from the political leaders and our response to that comeback . He says he hasn't spent time working on issues in Sacremento so we may also want to include a list of suggested contacts . Kevin Sharer ( Amgen): contact person - Sarah Jensen , VP of Engineering and Operations ( 805.447.6785); ksharer@amgen.com . Sharer wants the same information as McNealy and he and McNealy both indicated their willingness to call a meeting of other California CEOs . Sharer will also be having breakfast with Hertzberg one week from today . Robert Day ( Trust Co of the West): said that he is very close to the mayor of Los Angeles . He urged Ken to call the mayor ( mentioning Day) . Ken would like some talking points for that call . Jeff - please put these items together .
I'd be happy to call Nickles .
Portland General called . They have heard that Defazio is going to propose in a press release that the state of Oregon should buy PGE .
Attached is the document I mentioned . You will get a separate e-mail from Karen Denne which will include the invitation and the invited for the Thursday meeting . My contact information: Steven J Kean EVP and Chief of Staff Enron Corp pager: 888.906.9761 Asst Maureen McVicker 713.853.1808 I will be in Japan most of next week , but my office can reach me . Thanks
There were several items in the mail pouch that you needed a response form me on . Here are the responses: Marchris forwarded a request to attend a conference on Aug 19 and 20 . I think the original invite when to Ken and Jeff . I will attend , subject to them getting some reasonable response rate from the commissioners they invited and provided that I get a speaking or similar participation opportunity . SMU professor and student asking for Astros tickets - yes CERA conference on July 10-12 in Scotland -- decline
include on the distribution list and send out note about the Monday meeting .
Thanks for the explanation . I agree , though I may not have explained the context adequately to Ken .
Sorry , I got overwhelmed by California . I have not talked to Ken yet and will be in Japan until Friday . Perhaps we can hook up then ?
I have opened a new Lotus file "California - working group" where I am keeping the contact information , but I am assuming you have picked everybody up already . If in doubt , check out the file . thanks
Stay in touch with linda ro the recommendation .
Thanks for the update .
Several employees have asked about the exercise policy on stock options . Specifically , they want to know what the exercise policy is on i ) termination eg as a result of the prc process , ii ) voluntary departure , iii ) retirement , or iv)resignation; and to what extent do the rules vary across plans: i ) AESOP , LTIP , deferred bonus etc . The main focus is on the length of time to exercise . I am concerned that there may be some odd incentives in the structure -- eg are severed employees allowed more time to exercise than employees who just leave voluntarily (  ie if you want to have a full three years to exercise options are you better off becoming a performance issue and getting severed than you would be if you simply left the company ?
Sorry for the delay . I have asked the question and should have an answer in a day or two . .  .  .  don't do anything rash in the meantime .
Linda - I haven't heard of these guys . Do you know them ?
One minor point: the response to the first data request implies that all employees went through the PRC process in 2000 . I am not sure this is accurate . It's fair to say that most did , but I believe that the field employees who are organized into self-directed work teams do not go through the PRC process .
Joe is working with the Governor's office and so should go on that list , not the sellers list .
You should also check my folder "California - working group"
I'm envious . See you when you get back
Congrats Ray . . . . Now , get FERC to do something amazing .
fyi -- further distribute this message as you see fit .
Thank you for the information . Unfortunately , we are not interested at this time .
Is this a 2001 question ? If so it seems to me we shouldn't bother with it . If this is a 2002 question , then let;s discuss
Feel free to call me at 713.853.1586 .
Please set up some time with Linda .
Yes , please .
Thanks . Yes , I did know about the conference . Ken has a copy of the study and made reference to it several times during our visits to Sac . a couple of weeks ago . It's nice to occasionally see some rational thinking in California . I look forward to catching up with you when I get back to town .
I'd prefer to skip . How big of a problem would that be ?
I'll do it . I saw Steve Reynolds ( the govs assistant) , today , and told him I would do it . I have a lot of respect for Geringer . I may try to persuade them that they should reach out to FERC and Congress as a state that sees the need for a federal role in transmiission and encourages FERC to act . Any background you have would be most appreciated .
What do you make of this ?
This is a thorough and helpful analysis . But , have we considered the broader emergency powers the president might have ( i.e . beyond the clean air act waivers requested by a governor) ? It would seem that the importance of the defense business in California , the large number of military facilities , the public safety hazards of widespread blackouts , etc . ought to trigger some broader authority .
I think we need to keep the pressure on . I liked the way our basic messagewas evolving over the course of last week . As you pointed out , the Japanesutilities view us as just another annoying US company who is going to comein , bang its head against the wall for a few months and then leave . We neeto continue to reinforce the message that not only are we not going away , ware starting other businesses here to keep us going while we continue to agitate for reform in the electricity sector .
Is there anything we can tell them about the rates they should expect from the utility ? I think that will be the biggest concern and we can reduce backlash if we can provide them some information .
I just spoke with Clark Smith , head of Elpaso's merchant arm . I told him that we had been hearing that El Paso was blaming Enrononline for problems in Western gas markets . He asked for some more specifics about who exactly was spreading the rumor ( I told him we had heard it from 3-4 sources) . He acknowledged that EOL was not the problem; said he couldn't believe that it had been identified as such; and said he would bring it up on his call with his Washington team this afternoon . I think he will put it to rest ( except for whatever damage has already been done) . I did promise to get some more specifics on who has told us that El Paso pointed to us . Can anybody give some info on that ?
Please send any comments directly to Peggy .
This looks like a run-of-the-mill conference except that the guest list is fairly senior . Any interest ? If not , let Amy know .
Looks good to me . I'm glad you had the chance to work with Linda .
Is Jeff available ?
thanks
Thanks . We are preparing a memo ( John has seen it ) to go out to each of our offices telling them about this incident ( and the related ones that occurred the same day ) and including some tips on how to handle such confrontations in the future .
Could you please put together a combined presentation : Enron's strategy and the need for open access on the transmission system ?
I'll be happy to accomodate . I can take you through Enron's view of how markets overall are evolving and how we approach those markets . I'd also like to spend some time reviewing interstate transmission policy and how it affects Western energy markets .
Fax the attached word document to Jeff ASAP , thanks .
We are discontinuing the executive car wash . You , Steve and I should talk .
I saw your e-mail response . Did it go to Oxley too ?
Is this it ? I thought we had heard it from "3 or 4" sources . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
I think it starts off a bit too hot . I would pull up some of the arguments you make about the need for additional supply and the importance of electricity to our way of life . I'd then go into a discussion of the debacle in the West ( and how they are now playing catchup - with loud , polluting diesel generators . . . as was reported today) . Then I'd go into how our plants in Florida represent a very reasonable , inobtrusive solution for Florida .
Maureen - please forward on to Barry when you get his e-mail address . Barry - I don't know Humberto personally , but looking over his resume , I thought he might be a fit in your organization .
Humberto - I forwarded your resume to Barry Hunsaker who is general counsel at EOG Resources . As you may know , EOG used to be Enron Oil and Gas , a majority-owned Enron subsidiary . A couple of years ago , Enron sold its interest in EOG and it became a stand alone company . EOG Resources has been doing very well . I don't know if they are looking for lawyers now , but I think I sent your resume to the right place .
enjoy !
Yes . Mary will discuss with you .
Attached are my edits .
per my voicemail
See my revisions ( and one question) . Let's revise and circulate .
revisions
The e-copy .
calendar See attached . Looks fairly minor: a 7500 dollar "contribution" to the US Treasury to settle up for our failure to seek license transfer authorization from the FCC for PGE's telecommunications licenses when we merged in 1997 .
I think it would be a good idea to get together . I would include Eric Thode as he has been living through the PR battles on a daily basis .
Please call before you leave and please send me your contact information when you have it for your new job . thanks
Houston has experienced catastrophic flooding . My flight has been cancelled . It is conceivable that I could get out tomorrow , but I am wondering if I should try . I could still make the speech if we don't get more rain , but given the lack of other reasons for me to go , I am considering cancelling . I don't think it makes much sense for me to go for a 15 minute speech . what do you think ? phone 713.621.6550
I'm not sure yet . I think we are going to be sending two memos -- one that I am working on and on that Andy is working on . It looks to me like the message below fits better into Andy's memo . I don't think they will be combined into one , but I'll know more tomorrow .
The other memo will follow shortly from Maureen .
As we discussed.. . The other memo will follow shortly from Maureen McVicker ( my assistant) .
Attached is the draft . It combines all three announcements into one , with a common format . It reflects a "just the facts" approach . Let me know if you have changes ( or answers to the questions in the text) .
Looks fine to me . Maureen - please keep on file
Will you be filling out mine ? We may be able to handle this specific issue outside the policy committee , but I think it would be a good idea to set the next one anyway . I'm sure we'll have something we'll need to talk about .
John Brindle , David Cromley and others in the Corporate Business Controls group ( formerly part of EBS ) have been working over the last several weeks to make sure that we can get our people out of Dabhol if there are threats to their safety . While no plan is perfectly reliable ( particularly during monsoon season ) we believe that we are as ready as we can be .
Looks good; nice work . Let's get it out
Can one of you forward to Ed , or whoever you feel appropriate ?
Please update my bio to include Human Resources and add some boilerplate on Enron .
You may have seen this when it first came out a while back . . . but it's worth a rerun .
Please call me .
Would it be possible to use LiveLink to capture the information we gathered for the organization/budget review ( such as functions of the different groups and the roles and responsibilities of the different individuals , budgets etc) ? I hate to see all that ggod information sit idle .
I think you are right . I thought we were going to do both .
I set up a meeting for next Friday in Washington with Ed G . and Ralph Reed , starting at 7:30 am .
Here it is
Thank you...I think
Attached is Jeff's backgrounder in the event you call Hertzberg .
No need to review with policy committee .
I am having lunch on Monday with Michael Isikoff , a newsweek investigative reporter . He is doing yet another Ken Lay/Enron political influence story . One of the things he wants to talk about though -- and I think this is a good sign -- is Enron's climate change policy and how it compares to the administration's . What I need from you , as soon as possible , is a timeline ( what the Administration said when -- doesn't have to be down to the day); the Administrations position; and our position ( and how they differ) . Borrow heavily from existing materials .
Ken left a msg for me on Sunday . He was able to return Bryson's call . Not much new: Ken got Jeff's paper will try to reach Hertzberg on Monday . Bryson gave an update ( very consistent with yours on Fri ) Wants us to think creatively about "how to keep DWR contracts from preventing the comprehensive solution" and how to address the concerns of the state treasurer . Ken tried to reach Pete Peterson ( Blackstone ) but did not make contact .
Fyi - price cap events of the week .
Thanks anyway . no need to do anything right now . enjoy your vacation .
I get in too late tonight , but maybe dinner or drinks on Thurs ?
I get in too late tonight , but maybe dinner or drinks on Thurs ?
testing
testing
EB 4712C Ext . 3-1586
Rep Scott McGinnis ( colo ) told Ken that he would like to be briefed on the California and broader energy situation so that he can speak out on the issue . Also , don't forget that we need to go see your buddy Newt !
You may want to forward this to your customers .
Yes , Phillippe left to join a firm in New York -- I don't know who .
You may want to forward this to your customers .
Sorry for the delay ( I had major e-mail problems) . The memo looks good; let's get it out .
Has this gone to Ken yet . If not please send .
Has this gone to Ken yet . If not please send .
Ken hasn't mentioned it . I'll ask next time I talk to him .
Please add Dave Delainey , John Lavorato and Louise Kitchens to updates with significant news like this one ( they may already get them . . . I didn't read through all the names) .
Thank you . I enjoyed the discussion very much . The DoD has significant challenges , but if the group participating in the meeting was any indication , they have some first rate people working on those challenges . If I can be of further assistance , do not hesitate to call .
You have probably heard this already , but on July3 , the CPUC postponed their direct access decision until mid-August .
FYI - itinerary .
I have looked it over . I think they would do a good job . Another idea: Dick Foster ( advisor to Enron's Board and Senior Director at McKinsey ) has a great book out: "Creative Destruction" . I was on a panel with him recently where he shared some of his research . He is a very good presenter; he knows Enron well; and his work is first rate . He might be a good addition . I have an idea on the breakout sessions . It needs some work but I'd like to talk it through with you .
Follow up to previous message: I would not have "managing for the slow down" on the agenda . I don't think it is as relevant to our business as it is to many others .
I think this letter looks fine . For the hororarium , I suggest we use whatever we paid Kudlow for his participation ( I believe Ken also entered into a consulting contract with Kudlow , but I'm referring only to the one-time payment for the advisory council meeting he attended) .
Looks good to me .
Is there an alternative quote we could use instead of the reference to "stabilizing" in the California market ? I think I know what we mean but most outside readers would see the situation as unstable . Perhaps we could reference the continued availability of direct access or renewed interest in Enron's offerings ?
I doubt that this is worth the trouble ( i.e . running it through a conflict of interest check , ensuring no liability for actions taken on the advice , etc) .
Yes . Maureen - please schedule .
calendar
I know we got a lot of grief on the Hill when we had our fight with UC/CSU . Now we have settled and this release will go out ( with some modification ) today .
Yes . Maureen - please schedule .
calendar
Please see the attached .
I am so sorry . You guys gave him a really good life .
George "Herbert Hoover" Bush .
My suggestions are attached . Take the gloves off .
I am so sorry . You guys gave him a really good life .
George "Herbert Hoover" Bush .
My suggestions are attached . Take the gloves off .
I love you . Call me .
I know we are holding for a later filing , but I have attached further comments anyway . The document is still too rough to send out . We need to take the opportunity , as soon as possible , to get a hard hitting , thoroughly researched and carefully written document in front of the Commissioners . California's reaction to the Judge's recommendation is likely to give FERC ( especially the new commissioners ) a feel for how irrational the California politicians can be . We will have a limited opportunity to take advantage of that realization . We need to hit it hard in the pleading , our conversations at the Commission , the Hill and the media .
As discussed .
Has this previously been covered by the Office of the Chairman budget ? If so , please handle; otherwise let me know .
The letter looks good . A couple of comments for your consideration: On page three we describe the change to the definition of Public Utility and then argue that we don't fit into it . Would it be worth explaining why that makes sense ? Specifically , the New Jersey restructuring law , like most efforts of its kind in other markets , is designed to separate the competitive from monopoly elements of the power ( and gas ) businesses . Economic regulation would then be restricted to the remaining monopoly elements of the business ( eg distribution) . The competitive market can not be solely relied upon to "regulate" the behavior of monopoly asset owners , such as distribution utilities . Therefore , regulators continue to be called upon to set pricing and other terms of service . What those regulators decide matters a great deal to those monopoly utilities and it consequently makes sense for lawmakers to be concerned about attempts by such entities to use campaign contributions to tacitly influence decision makers . The same public policies simply do not apply to that portion of the market which is competitive . The generation and sales business has a competitive structure ( i.e . relatively low barriers to entry , multiple competitors etc.) . These components of the power and gas business can be "regulated" by the market with respect to rates and terms of service . They do not require economic regulation any more than grocery stores , department stores , appliance sellers or other "retailers" ( who presumably are not prohibited from making contributions . Competition and markets discipline behavior and establish competitive prices and terms of service . Because regulators don't set the prices and terms of service for such sellers , there is no reason to be concerned about campaign contribuitions from such organizations . Indeed , the legislation , and the legislative history , clearly conform to this underlying policy rationale . As a former practicing lawyer , I certainly understand the value of pleading in the alternative . But , I question how certain of our arguments woud be perceived by the public if they ever came to light ( which these documents have a habit of doing). . .  I can just see the press seizing on Enron's claim of "ignorance or mistake" or the fact that we pled for the favorable exercise of "prosecutorial discretion" . I suggest that we add whatever we feel is necessary to the very solid looking intent argument , not make specific reference to "ignorance or mistake" , and not plead for the favorable esxercise of PD . If we feel we need to write about this last item , perhaps we could suggest that it would be a waste of the public's resources to pursue a claim under such circumstances .
I love you . Call me .
As discussed .
My comments are attached . I think the pleading is well written , but , as you'll see from my comments , I believe we should be incorporating more of the arguments from the previous pleading .
I couldn't open link . I s this something new for me to sign or have I already complied ?
Attached is the final letter . Please note - there was a small change at the top of page 2 .
See attached
Great summary . I think the two main issues you raise are the right ones , but I have one other thought we should discuss internally . Do we want to create a set of incentives for the management of PJM that would entitle management to incentive compensation to the extent they meet certain goals -- eg relieving congestion on the grid , increasing throughput across the transmission system , expediting interconnection ( measured in terms of actual interconnections not just applications approved) , etc . This way we could create an organization that would have the incentive to make a workable and open transmission system .
See attached
I'm still a junkie . .. . please email copies of the orders .
I'm glad things are moving forward . I've talked with Dave briefly and willfollow up with him again . Kevin Scott on 07/13/2001 10:14:01 AM Please respond to kevinscott@onlinemailbox.net
I think it would be a good idea for them to talk , but I wouldn't want Jeff to go to California right now . Maybe they could meet outside the state ( if , for example , brown is going to be in DC or New York ) or by phone .
See last story attached . Congratulations , it looks like you are shaking things up in typical Enron fashion .
See last point: MIT would like to talk to us about energy procurement and management . Could you put someone in touch with them ?
I'm still a junkie . .. . please email copies of the orders .
Thanks for getting on top of this . Please get the word out to the HR team leaders as soon as you know more .
I'm glad things are moving forward . I've talked with Dave briefly and will follow up with him again . Kevin Scott on 07/13/2001 10:14:01 AM Please respond to kevinscott@onlinemailbox.net
Let's talk . While there is always some value in these things it is ususally quite small and consumes more valuable resources in trying to capture the benefit than the benefit itself .
Attached are some late night thoughts on the portal . Most of this is focussed on the portal for opinion leaders , but some of it could be applicable to the comemrcial portal as well . Could you forward this to Palmer . . . for some reason my address book doesn't pull him up when I'm off the system .
Bonnie: Please forward to Michael Kirby . I think the draft looks good . Could you also prepare a draft of the letter we discussed yesterday to convey the proposal to the committee ?
Great news . With respect to the Commissoners , I think it makes sense to go back through Ellen and ask if she could set up meetings with a few commissioners ater the staff briefing . Please respond to
I kept your contact list , but now I can't find the CV you sent . Would you mind resending ? Kevin Scott on 06/20/2001 02:02:00 PM Please respond to kevinscott@onlinemailbox.net
Rick -- I'm so sorry to hear about this , but I'm glad the outlook is good . Let me know if there is anything I can do to help .
calendar and meeting file
Can you circulate the link to Cal TV again ? Please respond to
calendar and meeting file
Can you circulate the link to Cal TV again ? Please respond to
OK with you ?
Congrats
OK
We should include David Oxley -- VP of human resources .
looks fine
Attached is a draft of the Agenda we discussed . Irwin - I show Joskow on here but he has already declined ( his wife is having surgery right before our meeting date) . We may want to consider someone like Seabron Adamson ( Frontier Economics ) or perhaps someone else .
Congrats
I would like to see research from all of these sources on areas of interest to enron -- energy and broadband , North America and Europe . Thanks
OK
We should include David Oxley -- VP of human resources .
looks fine
No . We have reallocated some of the responsibilities , but Cindy has a significant part of the HR organization and continues to manage Community Relations , so her title is accurate . Thanks
This is Steve Kean's PAB
No change . The plan is to make the changes effective 1.01.02 . We need to discuss the communication of the changes . My recollection from one of our earlier conversations is that this is considered a benefit change and therefore must be communicated . Is that right ? Is it all employees or only US based ?
I have a question related to your former responsibilities: As you know Terry Thorn had significant involvement in the IGU ( I believe he is still Chairman) . With his retirement ( eff Aug 1 ) he is asking Ken Lay about the possibility of continuing on behalf of Enron . My inclination is to simply resign the Chairmanship , but there are other options: let Terry continue ( I think I know your view on that) , or replace Terry with another Enron person . What do you think ?
Call at 5:00 today ( 3:00 your time) , if you can .
The attachment was scrambled . Can you send in word format ?
Further to our conversation of the other day , we have compiled some information on political contributions by other corporations . Please see attached spreadsheet . As you will note , energy companies are already heavily slanted to the Republican party ( as are Pharmaceuticals for the most part) . The interesting one is the financial sector , where contributions are more evenly split with one ( Bank of America ) heavily slanted to the Democrats . Have a look and let's talk .
I take your point , but to clarify my intent in gathering this information: I'm not making the case for a different "tilt" to our giving; I was looking for information about the total giving ( including individuals ) by companies which share a common viewpoint and may face some of the same risks that we face if the democrats continue their runaway campaign of corporation bashing . Pharmaceuticals were included because Ken sits on Lilly's board and wanted a closer look at that sector . Ken asked for the information because he is at least thinking about making an appeal to the business community to send some of the same strong messages we are beginning to send .
Looks fine to me , but I would change the second sentence to refer to the "council" meeting twice per year ( as opposed to "committee" )
Looks good to me ( I would not invite Glynn to dinner the night before , though) .
Please forward to Ralph Reed
Jerry was one of the people from Mercatus conducting a seminar on financial and physical markets for FERC staff
I don't have a role for Tom at this time , but I appreciate the interest .
Looks fine to me
Ken had suggested that we try to get Schmalensee ( sp? ) for the October meeting as a substitute for Joskow . What do you think ?
My God . . . this will be a lot of work . How much of this can be pushed to the supervisors ?
I'll do lunch with Sue
Letter looks good to me .
I've been thinking about this . Due to limited battery life , calling areas etc , I'm not sure that a combination cell/pager is the way to go . I'm thinking that blackberries may be worth looking into .
per my voicemail
Please send me the latest version of our multi-pollutant and cap and trade proposals
OK
I need the following changes to Outlook: I need my file folders to be "active" so that I can get stuff out of them and put stuff into them when I am working offline . I need my "inbox" to show all my messages , including the large messages -- I don't want to have to check in two places ( or more ) to review all my new messages . I also need to be able to access those large messages when I am working offline .
Let's discuss . I think we should emphasize , at the outset , our proposed solution .
Amy Kim is still an open question . I think it's fine to put all charitable contribuitions in one place . Are they transferring $ or just responsibilitiy ? I want to show Jeff the year-to-year differences 200-2001-2002 and show transfers into the organization ( eg from EBS) , transfers out of the organization and other reductions in headcount . I'm not sure that we need to include alot of other metrics ( they haven't worked in the past) .
I've been thinking about the need to recast the "e-commerce" position as well . I'm asking Maureen to get some time for us to meet ( at Rice ) in the next few weeks .
What do we think it means for the pace of reform ? Is it a mandate ?
This is still confusing to me . I have made a couple of suggestions , but I still have some questions ( see attached) .
I made some modifications , but we may want to make more . . . I think we need to emphasoze the reasonableness of our offer . The audience should be redefined as the Senators , not just the members of the committee . Let's discuss .
JoAnn Hill is on vacation; I'll look into it .
Ken -- the process description ( i.e . where Brown could play a key role ) is discussed in the middle of the update document .
Ken is talking to Willie Brown today . He will encourage him to get involved as a facilitator for a comprehensive solution to the California problem . Ken would like to have the following information to provide Brown perhaps next week: Listing of who is owed how much in California Listing of the forward contract holders and the relative size of their positions . Any insights about the correlation ( or lack of correlation ) between the names on those lists Listing of the defendants in the class action suits . The objective is to identify for Brown what his leverage would be ( and what benefits could be offered ) if he were to convene the parties to work for a comprehensive solution . Please let me know who will take the lead on this .
See attached .
Attached are the drafts as of Sunday:
Let Maggie know . I love you .
I think you do need to be there .
Revised documents ( reflecting less definitive statements on earnings )
revised with kll comments ( still need to include all employee memo) .
I'd like a copy of this .
I wrote some comments last night . Maureen will fax this am . As you will see , I have some deep concerns about the story -- content and the prudence of doing such a story .
including all employee memo
Attached is an organizational statistics summary for the first half of 2001 . The HR organization has been working to develop meaningful reporting of trends in our employee population . A few highlights from this report: The employee base continues to grow ( though on a significantly slower pace than 2000) . Terminations ( voluntary and involuntary ) are up dramatically this year . Our "contribution loss" ( a statistic which uses terminations weighted by the performance ratings of those leaving ) has gone up , indicating that we are losing more high performers than in previous periods . However , those departures of high performers are concentrated in areas of substantial reorganizations ( EBS , the former EE&CC and HPL) . Let us know if you would like to see additional items on the report or if you have questions about the data .
draft of Ken's remarks .
test
Let's send it out .
See below . These numbers were gathered in the first week of August ( during the time that the hypocrisy of Davis' power company bashing was revealed in the conflict of interest scandal) . The reality of his failed approach may finally be catching up with him .
I left a message . Ken has stated publicly that succession will be internal , so we won't be needing these guys .
Paul Krugman has made frequent negative references to Enron and its management in his New York Times column over the last twelve months . I have refrained from responding until now . Below ( and in the attached in Word format ) is a letter I hope you will print . If you wish to contact me , you can call my office ( 713.621.6550 ) or page me ( 888.906.9761) . Thank you for your consideration . Steven J . Kean Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff Enron Corp . It's hard to tell what motivates Paul Krugman's frequent attacks on Enron ( "Enron Goes Overboard" August 17) . His latest attack is no more than a string of misstatements and non-sequitors reminiscent of a schoolyard taunt . He reveals , in depth , his ignorance of Enron , the people who work here , and the tragically botched California regulatory regime . Perhaps he seeks merely to entertain . The broader goal of his personal attack appears to be to discredit the free market system - a system that entrusts people to make choices and enjoy the fruits of their labor , skill , intellect , and heart . He would apparently rely on a system of government controlled or sponsored monopolies to make choices for people . We disagree , finding ourselves less trusting of the integrity and good faith of such institutions and their leaders . Ironically , the example Krugman cites of "financialization" run amok ( the electricity market in California ) is the product of exactly his kind of system , with active government intervention at every step . Indeed , the only winners in the entire California fiasco were the government owned utilities of Los Angeles , the Pacific Northwest , and British Columbia . The disaster that squandered the wealth of California was born of regulation by the few , not by markets of the many . So long as Krugman's elitist reasoning prevails , we are doomed to repeat such mistakes . Steven J . Kean Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff Enron Corp .
I got fed up with Krugman .  .  .  sent this out this am .
OK if I forward this to Billy Lemmons , or does he already have it ? I think #90 might be at the heart of the matter . If we kept the class size smaller , we could be more selective , pay more for the higher quality talent , make more meaningful assignments , and provide for a more active mentoring and development program .
We recommended this to Ken and I believe he is very willing . Should be coordinated with Greg Whalley and John Lavorato
I received an auto-reply email from Terry Tang indicating that she is on vacation and that I should forward this to you . In the meantime , I have spoken to Ken Lay , our Chairman , President and CEO . He said that he would be happy to put his name to the letter if that would improve its chances for publication . Let me know .
This is great . Rick , Jim and Elizabeth , we should look at something like this for the rest of the organization .
David , please forward to the appropriate person .
Starting July 1 we implemented cost savings initiatives designed to reduce Enron's cost structure by over $200 million on an annual basis . Additionally there has been a substantial amount of restructuring in both EBS and in EES to reduce costs and refocus our business on high value opportunities . As Ken has said , though , the basic business model and strategy of Enron is sound and promises continued growth -- no changes there . For example , in the Enron Industrial Markets and Enron Global Markets groups -- efforts begun just over a year ago -- we have already experienced enormous volume and revenue growth and we are making money already in these "first mover" businesses . Successes like these prove the advantages of our overall strategy and business model . Combined with some long overdue focus on costs , we should be well on our way to even greater gains in recurring earnings .
Thanks so much; it was a tough week , but I am very proud of how the whole team handled it . Mark , Jeff and I worked on the attached and I agree with your assessment , but IR was not pleased . Hopefully , we can all move on now and get back to the work at hand . As much as I enjoyed working with Jeff and looked up to him for his intellectual leadership , I feel like the whole place is energized by Ken's obvious competence , calm , and heart . I have never felt better about working here .
See attached . Christie -- please check for accuracy on some of the career milestones . Maureen -- please put on my letterhead .
I haven't forgotten . I have one last trap to run , which I will be able to finish in the next few days .
I see my numbers are going up but still not high enough . Alot of my people are outside of Houston . Are they solicited anyway ? When we are finished I would like to see a breakdown between my Houston-based and outside Houston numbers .
Thanks , Rob . I was "writing angry" so I wasn't sure how it would come off . I did have my wife take a look and she assures me I didn't go "overboard"|
At the end of this string is a letter reply to Mr . Krugman's most recent column . As indicated below , Ken Lay , our Chairman , President and CEO , would be happy to put his name to the letter . That would be our preference . Let me know if you need anything more .
now what ?
I think you are the right person to get this . If not , please let me know as soon as possible . See reply to Krugman's August 17 column at the end of this email string . Ken Lay , Enron's Chairman and CEO is putting his name to the letter and we would prefer that you publish it as such .
Thanks for the list . One clarification: What do you mean by the sentence starting "How challenged are we really .  .  . "
Well , I guess when you lose 80% of your ad revenue you get a little sensitive . .  .  I wouldn't say I berated him; it was more like merciless hassling .
no message was attached
Many quotes from KP -- the Eastern Power Markets Oracle . On balance a good article . Thanks for helping out .
I believe we have this already . John B could you send a copy to John S .
I think we should find a spot on enron.com to describe management changes .
Look at the topic below . Should we send somebody ?
We are responding . I'm tempted to compare their decrease in ad revenue with our increase in revenue and EPS -- who's burning out ?
Privileged and Confidential -- request for legal advice . Some further questions: Are we required to have a formal severance plan ? Can we opt not to have a severance plan and simply handle matters on a case-by-case basis ( perhaps with "rule of thumb" guidelines) ? If we are required to have such a plan , should we centrally administer the plan to avoid inconsistencies ? My original message regarding the employee involved was raising a somewhat broader concern . Perhaps because our plans are complicated , we have had occasions where an employee was told something , what he/she was told was incorrect , he/she changed position based on what he/she was told , and then we made the employee bear the risk of the mistake . Obviously , the right answer is to get it right the first time , but on those occasions where we made the mistake , do we have the flexibility to fix it ?
I talked to Skilling yesterday and asked him if he would be interested in teaching at the Jones School . I was very clear that I had not talked to you or anyone else about it yet . He said he would be interested . If you would like to talk to him , I'll give you his number .
Do we have a time for me to meet with Gil yet ?
I know Bob from when he worked for Commissioner Jesse Knight at the California PUC . It's worth noting that Knight was the lone dissenting voice on the California restructuring fiasco . I told Bob that we probably didn't have anything for him in government affairs at this time , but that we could possibly help out by circulating his resume on the Hill , FERC and perhaps in the Western States legislative and executive branches ( if we hear of anyone looking for his expertise on electric issues) . I am not asking anyone to make extra efforts . . . but if you hear of someone looking , please pass Bob's resume along .
Please put a confidential backgrounder re Rod Wright for Lay and I . I'll be joining he and Ken for at least part of the discussion . Don't know/ havent heard anything re LOng Beach
Meeting not unitl 9/24
Please discuss with Vince . I don't know how to engage relative importance
Jeff's number is 713.621.8620 . He has left for a whitewater rafting trip and won't be back for a couple of weeks I think .
Ask IR
I think we are out of the stock price prediction business for now . But , as Ken made clear we are performing better than ever in our core businesses , our growth prospects are superb , and the issues we face are well managed . We should be positioned for a great period of growth .
Honey , would you post this in the chatrooms ?
I hope you are enjoying your time in Barcelona . A couple of requests: Could you give the name of your colleague at hbs who's research you presented at the last Enron Advisory Council meeting ? We are organizing our annual management conference and I would like to bounce some ideas off of you and ask for some recommendations for speakers . Call when you get a chance . 713.853.1586 . Thanks .
recurring item for calendar
Hold on . Dan and I discussed it , but it is not my call whether anyone other than EES bears those costs . For what it's worth , I agreed with Dan that to the extent Tom and Ken had reached agreement regarding , among other things , Tom's use of the corporate aircraft for non-EES purposes , that it may not make sense to have EES bear those costs . But it was clear in my conversation with Dan that it was not my call to make .
I think we should have a version which says that "ken Lay named . . . " I don't know that the Board actually does the electing , I think Ken may just be making sure that they are OK with his decision . I will confirm .
We still do and you should go if you can . The next one is in London in October . Joannie will be handling the logistics . I am asking Maureen to send you the dates .
Do we have an agenda and/or presentation for the meeting with Gov . Geringer . Also , I would like to see his speeches/presentations and an overview of the business we have pending in Wyoming .
Bill -- fyi . I don't want you to take any action on this until we have talked ( i.e . please don't forward this or talk to the people involved yet) . Let's talk when you have a minute .
Please process the following effective July 1: David Oxley and Mary Joyce base pay increase to 250,000 . ( Note: I spoke with our outside comp consultant and reviewed Oxley's situation with the EWS O of C.) . Mark Palmer ( PR ) to 225,000 . ( Note: I previously asked Mary Joyce to review Mark's position and this is the amount we agreed on) . I would also like to review Shapiro's base pay in light of his now expanded responsibilities .
See attached
Mike -- how about Lisa Jacobson ?
fine
[Kean , Steven J.]
Paul Kaufman and I met earlier this week with Gov Geringer of Wyoming . He is supportive of a single RTO though it is not clear that he favors a FERC mandate . He will wlso be pulling together a small group of Western Govs to meet with Pat Wood to discuss the negative impacts of FERCs refund and rate cap proceedings on Western power markets outside of California . He has asked us for two things ( which I believe Paul , Sue L and Janel are working on): Agenda and briefing paper we would propose for the Govs meeting with Wood A "white paper: describing the burdens placed on western markets as a result of the price cap and refund processes . Like most Western govs , Geringer has little tolerance for federal mandates but he is very well informed on energy issues , favors open markets and is very interested particularly in seeing the western power grid opened . Geringer will also be participating in Bingamin's "panel" on or about Oct 9 .
I couldn't find what I was being asked to approve
Welcome and thanks for contacting me . Let me know if there is anything I can do to help . I'll ask my assistant to get in touch in the next couple of weeks . Maybe we could have lunch ? Also , my wife is working with the Dean of the Rice engineering school on a history of engineering at Rice . If your wife would like to get to know the engineering community in Houston , we may be able to help out .
decline
per my voicemail
Here is the slide presentation we were talking about this morning .
Thanks for your interest . We have asked Cindy Olson to take the lead on forming this group , so I am forwarding your message .
Just fyi -- Amabile did not present to Enron management as she was unavialable on the day of the meeting . Some of her work was presented by her colleague and Enron Advisory Council member -- Pankaj Ghemewat .
thanks
Please coordinate with Linda Robertson -- I'd like her to be at meeting .
this is what I was talking about this morning
This is to confirm my earlier phone conversation with the security desk: effective immediately , terminate access to the Enron Building for Asem Atta . If Mr . Atta attempts to enter the facility please call any one of the following individuals: Steve Kean Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff ( 3-1586); home ( 713.621.6550 ) John Brindle Senior Director , Business Controls ( 3-3843 ) John Presley Business Controls Please deal with Mr . Atta firmly but with courtesy and respect .
Let's just circulate the presentation and ask people if they have any comments . Thanks
As we discussed
I have forwarded this to Fitch . You should compare with your list and consolidate ( or have Gary consolidate ) onto one .
I talked to Ken yesterday and he is fine with this .
What does "held" mean ? Do they start over or do they pick up where they left off ?
Thanks
Thanks for all you are doing
This is fully consistent with what we are communicating throughout the organization
We are looking for more motivational speakers and working around a less grandiose theme -- restoring confidence , overcoming adversity etc . Terrie James is working with Ken on speakers . It may be worth discussing at the Management Committee today .
Thanks for the inquiry . We do not have an interest in sponsorship .
please print attachements also
please find Bob Lane's phone number for Rick
thank you and good luck . Stay in touch
I talked to Ken yesterday . I had also talked to Linda Robertson . Linda was a little concerned about taking on an incumbent ( now majority ) Senator . I told Ken we should wait a bit and he agreed . Who else is going to run from the Republican side ? I think that we ultimately ought to support a Republican in this race , incumbency or no . But I want to make sure we back the right one .
one more to print
What do you think ?
Thank you . I look forward to seeing you again in the interview process .
I'm not sure I would give a list of topics ( I'd hate to see what would come of the PRC video!) . Perhaps we should just suggest a general theme which would be consistent with the forward-looking thrust of the conference -- e.g . a challenge we currently face or will have to overcome to get where we want to go .
FYI and please handle .
please schedule
calendar
I think you are right: most people will elect to travel by car , alone or in groups . I doubt that a bus will make sense .
I don't want this going out unless it has been thoroughly vetted with the O of C .
I think we will get alot of "don't knows" when we ask the questions about what the respondent's companies are doing . We can probably find a better tool than a survey to get at that infromation . I'm not opposed to including those questions if you think we will get useful data , but I raise the issue in case there are other questions you mihgt want to ask but didn't have time for . I don't think we will be able to categorize customers in terms of whether they are lapsed , current or prospective . That information is kept on an inconsistent and decentralized basis in the company . Finally , given Enron's focus on the day-to-day , I wouldn't count to heavily on getting alot of help putting together the stakeholder sample . You should have a back-up plan . Thanks for the opportunity to comment . I am very much looking forward to reviewing the results .
I think it would be useful to get in touch with the HR leadership and review what is being done and get their ideas on what they think should be done . More than anything I want the organization to know who to go to with their ideas and cut down on the noise level and the perception that we aren't doing anything .
This relates to the EPA region 9 issue we discussed last week
Has Koenig seen the IR section ? I don't agree with the statement that they have not done a good job communicating with analysts and investors . I can't believe he would think that's accurate .
Rick -- per my voicemail
I don't think we should require employees to walk around with their badges displayed . I don't think they will and I think it will undermine the other measures we are trying to take . Also , I want us to have sufficient additional security to do the badge checks to ensure we don't slow down the "badge in" process . The other recommendations look fine to me . I have left a voicemail for Greg for his approval .
Thanks for the update . Your approach makes sense to me .
FYI
As we discussed
Please see attached revised travel advisory . I think it does a better job of balancing the competing interests .
No word yet . I will also be seeing Barton tomorrow . FYI , I am speaking at his Texas Conservative forum in Austin .
Per my voicemail . I'll be seeing Barton today in Austin and will make these points as well .
Yes and yes
I spoke with Jimmy Glotfelty on Friday . The message they are stressing is that FERC is injecting much needed certainty . I think we should add that to our message as well .
I would like to see him if it works on my schedule
Per my voicemail
calendar
I think this is fine . It lends itself to an outline format , so I suggest converting to Word and make it a one-two page "leave behind" .
Thank you . I enjoyed our discussion very much .
Thank you . I enjoyed our discussion very much and was very impressed with your accomplishments and experience . And yes I am learning how to use the blackberry reasonably well .
I think that since we are targeting some commercial support groups ( legal and accounting) , we should broaden the term "business unit" to include business unit or functional group . I'm OK with sending this out , but understand that people are up to their necks right now . we may not get much response now . We might get more if we waited beyond the management conference .
Yes . Irwin knows Enron and is very amusing
Thanks
I think the communication is extremely well put together and informative . The phone option ( with the keying in of each letter ) looks very complicated but I'm not sure that there is a better way to do it ( it will probably just encourage more people to make their elections online) . The message from Ken about increasing costs should be modified , I think . First , I think we may be overstating it to say that the cost increases for future periods threaten the health of the company . . . I know it's a play on the "health" theme , but I think it comes off as unnecessarily alarmist . Second , and on a related point , I think we should be a bit clearer that we can't keep this up and absent some major change in the underlying cost of health care we are likely to increase the employee contribution in "03 and beyond . Finally , I think Greg Whalley and Mark Frevert should see this part of the message at least ( after we make changes) . Again , I think this is a very good communications piece . Nice work .
Please print .
Thank you . I also enjoyed our discussion very much . Your accomplishments and experience are extremely impressive . You will be getting a call shortly , if you haven't already , inviting you to our weekend event later this month . Please come .
I believe I sent this to you earlier . Pankaj is a Harvard Bus School professor who sits on our advisory council . He is putting together a program ( in Barcelona , I believe ) and would like an Enron executive to present . I said I would try to find someone from Enron Europe and gave him your name . Would you mind getting in touch with Pankaj ?
I have received my worldcom card
We have already submitted our budget for PR , Govt' affairs , Facilities , corp HR etc . Does the process below affect my numbers ( please say no) .
I will bring John BRindle .
yes
Thinking of you .
Karen - please send a copy .
A penetrating exposition of French culture . Useful prep for the girls' next French test .
I'm meeting with Jerry Patterson today . He is running for Texas Land Commissioner . Jean said yesterday that we have given him a significant amount of money and that Ken has made a personal contribution . Eliz - please tell me what we have given -- PAC and corporate , if any . Sally - could you tell me of Ken's personal contribution ?
Good update . Please put me on the distribution list for future installments . What about the net benefits test ? Will the rate agreement suffice ? call to discuss .
I've talked to McConnell , Shankman and Reck and gave them my OK .
I think this would be awkward given the large number of Business units
Why not point out that we are always adjusting employment levels across our businesses . We have people leaving as we reorganize or reduce activities in certain areas and we have people moving to other areas or being hired into areas where we are starting new businesses or growing . We simply have not had the mass layoffs that other companies have announced .
I'm not sure . A couple of theories: refining capacity is limited because of environmental barriers to new refinery construction; second , in the absence of government subsidies I think ethanol is uneconomic ( and with continued low crude prices and an antisubsidy mentality in Washington , it's unlikely to get better soon) . In other news: Melissa's mom called last night . Francis is dying . He was slowly going with congestive heart failure and now has renal cancer which has spread to his liver . He has had a great life and is well into his nineties . He is mostly sleeping now and Norma will be getting a hospice nurse today . Norma seems fine ( this has been coming for a while) , but of course no one is ever ready . He has stayed himself to the end: when Norma was helping him get back in bed after he had fallen , he told her: "I don't think we"ll be having sex today."
Packet is on it's way by fed ex . Maureen will call the organizers .
approved
I sent the approval to JoAnn
wanted to make sure you saw this
I'm sure you are aware of this , but I am passing along just in case .
please reply to Lucy . thanks
We are setting up a process to respond directly to these and other comments , questions and concerns . Our success depends in part on our responsiveness to these observations .
We should get the focus off of "micromanaging FERC" . This isn't about a federal agency; this is about which approach will produce the best outcome for consumers and our message needs to be couched in those terms . Obviously , our view is that FERC's approach , at least so far , appears most likely to produce the kind of market which will ensure reliable , secure and affordable power . I like the "gerrymandering" message . A process dependent on compromise ( eg a legislative body like congress ) is going to produce a "camel" and that won't work for customers . Truth be told it was this same kind of compromised , political , consensus-building exercise which produced AB 1890 and the resulting debacle in California's energy market .
here it is
What do you know about this guy ?
I like your revised version . I have placed a call to Barton . In case I don't reach him , I put the attached letter together . What do you think ?
I like the first opening paragraph better . Also , please don't use the term "corporate relations" . I think "community relations" works fine and won't create as much confusion with public relations , corporate communications or other functions . thanks
congratulations . . . sorry to see you go .
I like Jim to make these calls because he is up to date on the legal community and our interests there . Put in the request and send to Eliz , then we'll put it in front of derrick .
she might . . . might.. . be a fit in Billy Lemmons group .
Thanks for your message . We met about the fire drill process yesterday and will have something shortly . One of the issues we are facing is the absence of "floor wardens" -- people who know the procedure and can help it move smoothly if there is a problem . If you are willing to volunteer , contact mike terraso . thanks
third quarter qs and as
Stan Horton called about the production tax credit for Enron Wind . ( Enron Wind is one of the many companies he's responsible for and he is going to be getting more deeply involved , at least on this issue) . I will forward your latest update ( originally to Mark Metts) , but I think you should provide a new update for Stan as well as a discussion of what we are doing ( or should be doing ) to get the extension .
Here is the most recent update I have . I have asked our DC office to give you a further updat and to look into what else we should be doing . The summary below is a bit dated ( as is everything done before sept 11) . Congress is now expected to adjourn this month not next . Otherwise , the report on the prognosis for ultimate passage remains accurate I believe .
Absolutely . . . Im sorry I saw this so late.. . we could have talked today . Let's talk Mon
I assume you get these; if not , you should make sure you are on the list .
See changes proposed to Q&A... . still working .
As discussed
see attached
revisions
we will need to get new business cards
See attahced
thanks
final
looks good
A very preliminary draft
A very rough ( off the top of my head ) draft .
Attached are some messages to consider using for the upcoming internal discussions . The document is not intended as a script but as a starting point for your remarks .
See revised version
Thanx 4 being so patient!! ! Here' my story! ! - Nora
See attached with my comments .
I didnt select them .
thanks Anthony . It's difficult to see so many smart , hard working people in the kinds of circumstances you describe . Unfortunately , I'm going through some of the same things ( on a smaller scale) . We are having to let people go in my organization . I simply don't have room , even for a qualified person like Maurice . Does Global markets still have a presence in Singapore ? If so , perhaps there is an opportunity there .
Voicemail from Ken ?
Attached is a set of message points we developed with the finance group for use with our external audiences .
[Kean , Steven J.] I'm copying Karen . . . thanks for the heads up . My view is we probably won't want to expend resources or Ken's time on this right now . It looks like a story that can wait a bit . [Kean , Steven J.]
I concur
Please look into this
here it is
Please look into this and give Shelley a call back
We can always reconsider in the sense of providing support to someone else , but the money to Brown is out the door . I would still like to see the data .
Bob Eury is asking Ken to lend his name and encourage employee support for light rail . Rosie please confirm with Ken , but I think he should allow Bob Eury to use his name in support of the mainstreet light rail project campaign ( yes on prop 1 and no on prop 3) , but I would say no on employee support ( attending rallies etc ) right now . We have too much to do right now . Assuming he agrees , let Misha know .
Got your msg . Call me at 832.865.2445 .
Nice work . Thanks
No , but thanks .
Some additional background on the California refund issue . Consistent with what we discussed; just some additional detail .
looks good
Tracey prepared the attached to make sure we had the facts surrounding another related party ( the Travel Agency in the Park) . As you'll see from the attached use of the agency is encouraged ( for sound business reasons ) but is not mandatory
I know this is not technically an employee relations issue , but it looks like the kind of thing you have dealt with before . I agree with John . There is little point showing this to Ken . . . but you personally know him better , so I leave it to you .
Thanks so much for the message . I am hanging in and hanging on , as is everyone else . I have never seen such courage and strength in an uncertain environment . Thanks for your offer. . You hang in there too .
Please make sure these individuals know that they have been designated .
See below and look at attachment . In a subsequent message the comment was made that the drop off today is typical for post bid week activity .
Here is a suggested Lay quote for the special committee release: "With the formation of this special committee and the attraction of additional capital , which we are also announcing today , we are taking care of the past and securing the future."
Thanks , Jeff . We have already retained a crisis PR firm --Kekst and Co . They have been working with us for the past few weeks . Feel free to mention them to Chase .
Nice .
Fine as written .
Shankman told me tonight that the additional piece that makes up the difference between the 3.2 and the 4.4 has not been irreversibly committed to , so we don't have to pay .
Thursday is fine . Please schedule .
Thursday is fine . Let's talk about the proposed expenditures . We will need to prioritize .
Thanks so much . As the week wears on we may need to contact our distinguished friends in the academic community and ask them to comment on some of the actions we are taking . I will be in touch when the time comes .
It's going to be postponed til Feb . I think you should attend when we have it . thanks
Please see revisions .
Jordan Mintz told me that the release needs to be reviewed one more time by securities lawyers . He will take care of it .
here it is
David would you please forward to the right person .
Looks good . In the memo I wouldn't have ken refer to Dean Powers as "Bill" sounds too chummy in light of what he is doing .
This is the final version agreed to by Citi and Chase .
I think we should shoot for Tuesday ( after the written info is released Mon) . I will work on a release today that announces the Tues call and the mon written disclosure . Here's what I think we should say in the release 1 ) explain the silence ( complex transactions.. . we wanted to provide clear and full explanations; new CFO getting up to speed; and we've been busy getting liquidity and meeting with rating agencies etc . )  2 ) promise the additional disclosure ( monday's written info and Tues call ) and 3 ) list the topics . I also think it needs to be a call not a webcast . What do you think ?
Would be happy to . Just let me know where .
The Board has asked for a draft communications plan . Attached is an outline . Obviously , it is a bit premature to finalize the plan , so this presentation just reviews different scenarios .
I don't think so .
Meredith please give Cheryl a copy of our external q&A draft . Cheryl -- it's a draft and the SEC lawyers have not fully vetted it .
Some good news . Your call to Gov Rowland was helpful . We are not finished yet , but we are on our way .
Thanks for thinking of us . We have retained a crisis communications firm -- Kekst &CO . -- to assist us . They have extensive experience with the various challenges we are facing now and have been most helpful advising us and Ken .
In case you need to reach someone in IR or PR , here are 24-hour numbers .
Board meeting running long .
Nice work , John . Please copy me and Ken on any recap you put together .
The deal is final . Attached are some communication materials for you to use .
please provide your thouhgts to Peggy
If you'd like , I can set up a tour of the Enron Center for you and anyone else you'd like to include .
I agree with Beth . We had some other options to pursue before we got to that stage , but the Dynegy option was the best . It's overstating it a bit to say it was the only way to keep the ship from going down .
This msg is about new bldg tour
Anything further yet ?
Irwin is on Enron's advisory council . Could one of you send him a reply ?
Linda was assistant secy of US Treasury while this legislation was being negotiated . Let us know if we can help .
Some background information for the meeting with Mayor Brown: Brown won 43% of the vote ( to Sanchez' 40% ) and is now in a run off with Sanchez . Sue Walden's perspective , not surprisingly , is that Brown will win and that campaign polls show him ahead among likely voters . African American turnout in the election was lower than expected , but an active get-out-the-vote campaign could turn that around . Enron has supported the mayor with a $10,000 contribution . I would not recommend a further commitment under the current circumstances . If you want to discuss some of the positive accomplishments of his administration , you could: Congratulate him on passage of his version of the light rail proposition . Compliment him on how he has responded to security issues since Sept 11 and his handling of flood relief . ( You should know that the Houston police were extremely helpful and responsive when we asked for assistance in connection with the October 26 threat to the Enron building. ) We have responded to the City's RFP for energy service . EES made a presentation last week proposing a 5-7 year transaction The city is opting for a 1-2 year transaction That would require very detailed load data which is in Reliant's possession . We have expressed concern that we are merely a stalking horse in the city's effort to do a deal with Reliant . We have said that we won't play on those terms . Separately , we are working with the city on a demand side deal .
Ken talked with Barton . Barton will not be signing the letter The leadership met and decided "since they are going to be in session anyway" they would try to pass an electricity bill . Barton is now targeting a mid Dec markup There is a meeting tomorrow at 3:00 between Wood and Tauzin; Barton was supposed to be in Dallas . Ken urged him to stay for the meeting ( not clear if he will) . I got the impression from Ken that part of the reason Barton is not sending the letter is that he thinks he will be passing a bill anyway ( not necessarily that he disagrees with the substance of the letter) .
Thanks for the message . I don't know of anything moving forward as yet .
I think the answer is this: fully consistent with the successful completion of the transaction with Dynegy we are taking the actions we need to take to stabilize Enron's situation . These actions are important to preserving the value of what Dynegy is buying . The merger agreement , of course , has a "no shop" provision , and it has provisions , as I understand it , to make sure Enron continues to run the business prudently . That's what we are doing .
Could you take a look at this ?
Thanks for the invite . We will probably still be on our way back from New Mexico ( we're driving) , so we won't be able to come . Have a good time . . . I know you will .
I hope your blackberry is working better than mine has been over the last few days . I understand that Ken and Chuck have spoken and that Greg , Stan , and Dave will be coming over at 3:00 and no one is expected to be there at 1:00 . Correct ?
Thanks for the inquiry; I appreciate the interest very much . But I am not interested in participating .
Please review and comment on the attached
Please review for send out Monday .
please call me re the attached
See revised version attached .
Melissa's mom will be coming , so we will be sticking around Hous .
Absolutely . Send electronically , if possible . Thanks
It asked me for login info .
See minor comment and then circulate to the larger group .
Ask everyone to send you the info to fill in the blanks ( and to copy the others on the list) . Perhaps you could join in on Oxley's 6:00 call...I'll ask by copy of this message .
I'm sorry . . . I told mom , Phil and Karen , but not you.. . Francis died two weeks ago . Norma is fine . She is taking care of things and when she gets done will be coming to see us ( around Christmas) .
Thanks for the information . It looks like I have a sizable additional tax bill . Am I missing something ? Do I have Enron stock I can sell to offset these gains ( e.g . in my savings plan matching ? Other ideas ?
Michelle - can you respond ? I haven't seen anything . Also , after our meeting we had talked about making a proposal to them ( specifically , we were at least going to describe the actions we took so they might have the opportunity to acknowledge that we had done enough) . I know everyone is busy , but I would like us to get ahead of this while we have a good environment for resolution .
Attached are two versions of a press release . We plan to issue one of these before market open tomorrow . The second version assumes financial close on the remainder of the secured credit facility ( I need someone to confirm or deny) . The first version speaks only to the merger and our debt restructuring efforts . Please review and provide comments as soon as possible to me and Karen Denne ( karen.denne@enron.com) . I understand that Jeff McMahon and Jimmy Lee will discuss the attached at 7:00 CST tomorrow .
As discussed .
Please prepare the letter to McLarty for my signature . Please get me his phone number and get his fax number , so we can fax as well as mail the letter .
I am terminating McLarty today . We can't terminate with Kissinger yet . I think we also need to terminate our agreement with Sue Walden . Do you have the agreement ?
If you are checking e-mail , show this to Nora .
Jeff worked for EES before and came to us highly recommended . Also know that I won't be talking to Jeff until next week .
Houston contact list
I've sent some releases and other info to Mike B . Let me know if I need to resend .
Here is the draft forwarded to Dynegy
Any reason we couldn't do this ?
My comments
I don't have any comments to add .
Attached is the draft release . I didn't mean to come across too pessimistic on the way in this am . The release does contain good news and we need toget it out as soon as we can .
This is an article that Irwin Stelzer wrote abut Enron . He is willing to talk further . His number is 202.777.3000 . He said he would like to have me on the phone when you call .
You should read this . You won't like some of the comparisons , but it is a nice statement about what our team has accomplished .
thanks
approved
fyi . . . anybody we can recommend ?
See me about this .
Thank you so much for your message . And thanks for sharing that particular memory . It means alot to me . I have always enjoyed working with you . You have always been so quietly competent and thorough . It made me smile just to see you . You are an important part of "my Enron." I take away from this place a great deal of learning and experience , but most importantly I take with me the memories of the wonderful people like you . All the best .
Here is the electronic copy .
I wrote a letter of recommendation for you ( you're getting it whether you want it or not) .
thanks so much for the note . I remember our trip to Dubuque very well . My father asked about you many times after that visit we had the evening before our meeting . I am glad you are well and wish you the very best for the holidays and the new year ( I'll be glad when this one is over) .
Attached is my resignation from the PAC .
In my email inbox I have a few expense reports for me and John Brindle . Please review and approve John's . Please check on mine: they show that they are paid but on one it looks like they paid double . It may be that the first one didn't go so they reissued it , but I just want to make sure that it was paid and only paid once .
Thanks for the link . Sounds like they are doing well . I'm sure that it is due to our analysis and advice . I assume Mary has had her baby ? How is everything ? As for deer hunting , it's been really exciting as we've been seeing lots of young and middle aged bucks and a bumper crop of fawns for the first time in my memory of over 15 years of hunting there . I have not taken anythin but our hunters have gotten a 9 , 10 and 11 point . The 10 point grossed 135 B&C swhich is not giant but a darn respectable deer anywhere in the US and outr third largest ever . ( For calibration , mine grossed 166) . I have one good 8 point that's about 18" wide and 4.5 yeears old but I may let Weldon shoot him as he has not gotten a deer there in 6 years of hunting . I'm still open to you going there to take pictures . It may be hard to schedule but I really would not mind if you wanted to go down there and tkae some pics on your own . I've got one blind at which the feeders are close and the deer move nearly all day . You could drive down for the day and easily snap some good photos from sunup to sundown or from noon to sundown , whatever . Call me at 281-807-6802 if you are interested and we can work it out . Melissa and Hunter are doing well . He's 4 now and will start pre-school next year . We may have another one on the way but we're not sure yet . Enron is great and everything I hoped for really . I will be rotating as scheduled to a new role in Feb/Mar . How are things at Dell ? Later , Charlie
Congratualtions , Will ! May God bless you and your family . She's a beautiful baby . How is recruiting going ? Any idea where you think you will end up . I'm sorry it did not work out at Enron . I know that you will do well wherever you go . Charlie
I want the same as I currently have . All I need is a page refill for 2001 . Thanks , Charlie
Shirley , I am scheduled to take vacation on December 22 , 27 , 28 , and 29 . Thanks , Charlie
Kristin , The software has arrived . I have not had a chance to check it out yet but will do so ASAP . I've been gone for the last 4 working days . Charlie
Jonathan , Hope you had a good Thanksgiving weekend . I'd like to catch up with you today if possible regarding recruiting etc . Can I reach you by phone . If so , where ? You can call me toll free at 1-800-97-ENRON and follow the menu . My extension is X57229 or you can use the voice activated system . Thanks , Charlie
Had a great time this weekend . I'm sure glad that Travis got another good buck under his belt . I think he is now ready to move it up a notch on the next deer and if everything stays good at the ranch then it should be pretty possible next year . I was also wondering if you and Mama talked about paying Melissa for her painting . Mama mentioned to Melissa that she "owed" her but nothing more than that . She worked for no less than 20 hours and was disappointed that she would not be able to do the rest of the house as we really need the money . Our negative checking balance needs some injection of cash and Melissa had hoped to use the money to buy a few things for Christmas this week as well . If you haven't already , I'm sure that you can broach the subject with Mama without letting her know that I asked . Anyway , Melissa really wanted to be able to paint more and is upset that she wasn't able to "prove" to Mama that she is willing and able to work hard . She still gets those not so subtle jabs all the time from Mama about not working outside the home . For the record , she busts her ass keeping our house clean , clothes washed and ironed , meals cooked , and doing lots of things to make sure we have a happy , healthy , and well adjusted son . If there is a way ( later ) that you can subtly encourage Mama to hold back on these jabs when we next visit , it will go a long way toward ensuring a good Christmas for everyone . Anyway , definitely keep all of this confidential between me and you . There is no major problem here but I wanted to check off with you on this so we can help keep everything going smooth and folks getting along . I'm sure you see my point of view here . Thanks ! Charlie
Thank you very much for your obvious interest and commitment to doing a high quality job in your PRC representative role . Per your request , I am attaching my resume and a brief outline of my contributions during the last few months . I am currently in my first rotation as an Associate which I began this past summer following graduation from UT with an MBA in Energy Finance . I am assigned to Vince Kaminski's Research Group on the Market Fundamentals Team . This team is commonly referred to as the "Weather Group" and is headed by my supervisor , Mike Roberts . We are located on the gas trading floor ( 32nd ) and provide direct support to all the gas desks as well as weather derivatives trading . Thanks again for your interest and I am looking forward to meeting you . Please let me know if you need any additional information . Sincerely , Charlie Weldon
I will be unable to attend . Thank You , Charlie Weldon
Thanks !
Here's the file . If you break the date column up into three separate columns for month , day , and year then you can use subtotals and/or pivot tables to analyze the data a little more quickly and dynamically . For example , you might want to look at the extremes or averages for any particular month or year or whatever . I c an help you do this if you want . Remember that this is a very limited data set statistically speaking , especially considering that the last 3 winters were far above normal . If you want to investigate what the possible extreme scenarios are based on past history then I can get you the data for many decades further back if wish . Just let mw know . Thanks , Charlie
Can there not be an argument made to dive into TXN ? It's trading at 25 forward P/E ( 2001 ) with a 5-year consensus growth rate of 24.2 . A PEG of ~1 on a high quality stock with superior technology , good management , great market position and tremendous long-term growth has got to be an opportunity , right ? What's your view ? The technicals ( MACD ) are not great right now but I think fundamentally this is a tremendous value long-term . It looks like the economy has really got the brakes on now ( too much ) but wouldn't you expect the market to begin pricing in rate cuts in 2001 pretty soon and an eventual return to high growth in technology ? I wouldn't touch any peripheral players but some of the megacap stocks with great market positions , like TXN , are sure tempting . Nasdaq down 46% from its March high and not looking good at the open . This could be a "buy while there is blood in the streets" opportunity .
Thanks for the info . The $300 is definitely far more than we expected or think she deserves so we appreciate it . No need to send any more , really . If you want to give her more , then you can put it toward a Christmas present or something . Are you going hunting this weekend ? It's going to be cold and probably wet so it should be perfect . Charlie
Kristin , Attached is a file with the data and graphs of some of the BC rivers you requested . I only got an exact match on station in a couple cases and in many of the cases the dataset is limited . Additionally , I added some other stations that had what might be some useful data even though they were not the exact station requested . To firm up whether or not these surrogate stations are valid , I need a very detailed map of the region . I assume whoever needs this info has one . Anyway , take a look and let me know what you think . This file is a good representation of the type of data available on the CD . It may not be perfect but I'm afraid that we will have a pretty tough time getting better data from any other source . ( Not that I will give up though ) Thanks , Charlie
I guess I would have shot him . Look out for very cold temps by this weekend and next week . Coldest in 4 years .
I think the ranch was owned by Jimmy Powell . It was 20 miles west of Menard on Hwy 190 . A great area that's for sure . Three deer have been killed on the ranch thatI know of so far: 1 ) 17" , 10 point by Wayne Scroggins that grossed ~135 and is third largest ever on ranch . Didn't weigh it but they estimate it was 140-150 lbs . 2 ) Mike Lehnert ( Mickey's son )  killed an 17" , 11 point with a double main beam , four brow tines , and a drop tine . 3 ) Travis shot a 16" 9 point that was pretty nice but had two broken points . We've seen more bucks than we have since '93 . More fawns than I ever remember . Maybe things have turned around for awhile . I've got some good videos I'll show sometime . When are ya'll coming ?
I'll let you know where you can go . Probably pretty much anywhere in Buddy's or I might can arrange for you to sit in another area . It won't be a problem but we will need to communicate . Right now my friend Weldon is hunting in my blinds as he has not gotten a deer in 6 years and has paid my Dad ~$5000 over the period . Paul is still hunting in there too and that's where Travis killed his deer . Check out the following link on the weather: Take the last three days with a grain of salt because those forecasts are automated and tend to spit out some garbage . However , a true blue norther should be coming and don't be surprised if Dallas sees the teens next week with highs below freezing .
We'll probably come down on the 21st . If you are still there then maybe we can hook up and go out there together and laugh away the deer . How does a January/February trip up to Grapevine sound ? Oh yeah , Melissa's pregnant . Due first week in August . It's early so we are being cautious but I figured you would want to know .
Up 8.5%!!!! , for now
Vince , Mr . Horn's request has been taken care of . He has the data he wanted and knows how to call it up on his Bloomberg terminal in the future . Charlie
Indeed . If the weather models that run tonight confirm still are as intensely cold as today's and the present hint at another Arctic blast to directly at the East Coast next weekend continues then we could approach $10 . Pretty risky business here being short or long , eh ? A frozen precip event in the Deep South and Houston is not unlikely next week .
I saw it . After our conversation , I did add some Citi and Wachovia and have since lost but I still think it's a good move . Hopefully there will not be any more financial pre-announcements so the focus will quickly shift towards the future lower interest rate environment instead of the mediocre past . I am now completely out Intel and did trim some other . I'm pretty balanced now between financials , tech , drugs , energy , and consumer ( WMT) . ENE closing at $72+!!!! !
You ARE a professional
Any day next week except Monday or Thursday is good for me .
Not sure how I got your e-mail at v.charlie.weldon@enron.com but my username is v.charles.weldon@enron.com
I would recommend selling Intel today . It is up with the market this morning even after a bad announcement . The fundamentals for anything PC related going forward are the worse they have been in 5 years or more .
The best summary of what is going on here that I have read recently:
Jim , Are you going to invite the others ? Charlie
I saw that too . I agree on Ferguson but I think Toombs will have to show that he can play with all his heart ( and ass ) every week . He could be a Bettis type back if he stays committed . In case you haev not heard , we are likely to have an ice storm here tomorow .
I would call this the Arctic Express . I think Fergie will stay unless his grades knock him out . In that case , I would say he is a third rounder or so , which ain't bad for 10 games in Div
I agree . Even the best of accounting maneuvers will not be able to hide the fact that ( if ) EBS is not fundamentally successful . So the question is , is there a way to go long ENE and short EBS ? Probably not , but if there were a surrogate for EBS , the trade might work in most scenarios . How about shorting a long-term broadband contract ?
That's the irony
Not sure ?
I am writing to inform you that the deadline for your offer of employment from Enron has been extended until January 2 , 2001 . More information will follow between now and then . If you have any questions regarding this extension , please call me at 1-800-97ENRON ( extension 57229 ) or Kristin Gandy at extension 53214 . Thank You , Charlie Weldon
Per Shelly Jones , I sent this note to all UT MBA's that received offers for Associate positions .
Dr . Wilkens , Thank you for your time and advice . I would appreciate if you would be able to provide me with contact information for Dr . Jim Jones at the University of Florida as well as Dr . Joe Ritchie , per your offer to do so . Thanks again , Charlie Weldon
Bill , I enjoyed talking with you about our potential software needs . It sounds like you may have something to offer in which we are interested , and we are looking forward to a visit from you or one of your representatives in early January . If you want to contact me , I can be reached at 713-345-7229 or by reply to this E-mail . Thank You , Charlie Weldon
Ouch !
Thank You !
Tomorrow's another day . Looks like I bought ARBA at the top .
Todd , Thanks for the info . I may need some help decoding the info so we can get exact durations for warnings . However , I think we should wait until we get a genuine expression of interest from a counterparty before we spend any more time on this . It's definitely good that we have this data though should we need it . Pre-1963 is probably not necessary at this time . Thanks , Charlie
Dave , Just wondering if you have had a chance to consider these new risk management tools we are considering . Thanks ! Charlie Weldon Enron Corp - Houston
try this link for the "official" view on the economy and future Fed actions from Enron's chief economist: ( It's a bit different than most )
Most useful buttons for you will be "Executive Summary" and "Cold Air Alert"
I watched the whole game and was extremely impressed with Benson . He definitely got good blocking but he showed power , speed , balance , vision . I believe only an injury will prevent him from having massive success . His interview after the game showed me that he's pretty mature also . I'll take over 800 yds next year if you take under .
He sounded reasonably intelligent but nothing to get too excited about . I'll be shocked if he gets redshirted regardless of how good Hayter is . BEnson is the 4th all-time rusher in texas history having just passed the great Robert Strait from Cuero ( 85-88 ) and almost passing Rodney Thomas . Those guys don't get redshirted . I'm befuddled about the O-line numbers . Ya'll got this kid Winston this weekend over us even though we have only one OL commit and need 4 or so . Slocum has got to close the deal on a few more of these top recruits or we are doomed . 2 of the top 3 linemen are still available and we've got a reasonable shot at them but Hightower ( #1 ) still says he's going to visit and consider Texas . Amazing.. .
Any comments?.... .
I've got SLR and FLEX in this group and maybe that's a good thing....we'll see
Gary , Just a reminder concerning follow-up with The Weather Channel and Energizer Holdings regarding potential hurricane derivatives . Additionally , I found the following link which describes Ray-O-Vac's recent earnings warning . Among other things , they mention that they had tough comparisons due to an active storm season the year before . I believe they are referencing hurricanes and represent another potential opportunity in my opinion . One more thing , as I mentioned in our conversation , I believe that The Weather Channel is an ideal candidate for approaching concerning hedging against a lack of extreme weather of all kinds . I know that they are financially "not doing so well" at present due in some part to a lack of hurricane activity and are now enjoying great ratings due to the extreme cold . They may be a hard sell but they are as purely exposed as anyone and should be worth the effort , especially after the recent story they did on us . Please let me know how I may be of assistance . Thanks , Charlie
This is an excerpt from an internal Weather Channel ( Landmark Communications ) newsletter.... . BLIZZARDS PRODUCE HIGH RATINGS FOR WEATHER CHANNEL , RECORD PAGE VIEWS More people turned to The Weather Channel instead of their local TV affiliates to get news about this week's blizzards in Chicago and Detroit , and nearly 25 million viewers - a record - went to weather.com to follow the storms . In a survey by Survey USA , 25 percent of TV viewers said they found out about the blizzard from The Weather Channel , compared with 17 percent who watched their local NBC affiliate station , and 12 percent who tuned into a local radio station for news . TWC also was the winner - at 30 percent - with those who said the weather network did the best job of covering the storm . Another 16 percent said their NBC affiliate did the best job , and 13 percent said Chicago and Detroit CBS affiliates were tops . A record number of pageviews - 24.6 million - were recorded at weather.com . TWC produced a 6 a.m . to 12 p.m . rating of 0.751 on Monday , delivering an average of 586,000 households . This performance is well over twice the average December monthly rating to date . Kansas City and St . Louis recorded the highest metered market ratings during the blizzard , followed by Detroit . The Chicago rating also was within the top 10 .
Keep trying . We are definitely interested . How much does a pair of tickets to an inaugural ball run ?
In the case of the Texas Society Ball , it would be cheaper to join for $20 and buy the tickets for $125 . This does sound like a good one to go to based on the Website but sounds like we are out of luck there . I imagine ( hope ) that the other balls are comparable . I found several airline quotes for ~$250 as you indicated .
If we can't get Wilkerson , Hightower ( both Top 5 nationally ) and a decommit or two from Texas or somebody based on this news then our coaches are indeed pathetic salesmen . These guys can come in and start as redshirt frosh if not play as true freshmen , even though RC likes to redshirt all OL'men .
We've got a 2-deep OL lineup for next year but I question the quality as only a few were legit blue-chips and I like the odds of getting bluechips versus sleepers . I think we'll get one of the 2 studs and maybe both . The main concern is that our primary weakness in the past few years has been a lack of dominate line play . We've got the skill guys , DB's and LB's .
Slightly different subject , check this link out . Kiper seems to indicate that you must be a 3rd year soph or a junior to enter the draft . Is this true ? Does it mean rising junior or completed junior ? Implications for Roy W . and UT ?
I'm taking 4 hours vacation today and have updated my previous timesheet to reflect this . Please see attached .
Name : V . Charles Weldon ( Charlie ) Title : Associate Phone : 57229 ( current ) Location : 31st Floor Department : Natural Gas Structuring Company Name : EWS-Enron North America Company Number : 0413 Cost Center : Rotation Start : 01/29/01 Rotation End : 08/03/01 Reviewing Supervisor: Ed McMichael
Ed , Here's the link to the gas fundamentals website that I mentioned . It has a wealth of information on it , some of which the group can hopefully utilize . ( Use the dropdown box on the homepage to begin navigating to different areas ) Charlie
Judy , Thanks for the info . I hope you had a good holiday season . I regret to inform you that I will be unable to continue in my participation in JA . Ihave transitioned to a new role at Enron that will not accomodate the schedule neccesary to effectively serve as a JA volunteer . I take my commitments very seriously so my inability to fulfill this obligation is nosomething I am totally comfortable with . However , upon reviewing the situation I realize that this decision is necessary . Thank you for your help and energy and I wish you all the luck with the kidand the program . What you do is truly making a positive difference in manyof these kids' futures . Charlie Weldon
Oh yeah . Did you go to lunch with Juan Verde ?
test
Not gonna happen . Offer up 5 total all in sign on , plus they guaranteed the same y-e that we have . where before it was not detailed .
No , did you ? Hard to believe that its' still falling after today's news: announced that the company will significantly exceed previously forecasted fourth quarter recurring earnings of $0.22 to $0.25 per share . In addition , the company also reaffirmed that it is comfortable with the upper range of current estimates for 2001 , which will represent an increase over 2000 of about 30 percent .
I will not be able to attend . Thanks , Charlie
FYI - Attached is a quote from a recent TWC memo that should be of interest given our recent conversations... . Charlie "December's winter weather events , coupled with early wintry weather in October and November , boosted the network to an all-time high 4th quarter rating , despite comparatively lower averages early in the quarter due to quieter than usual hurricane activity."
did you do it ?
I will be there . Thanks , Charlie Weldon
Why don't you buy deep in the money put options ? They will have a high delta and hence move almost dollar for dollar with the stock .
Check out NOK Feb 55 puts , NZYMK.X They are up 4-5/8 while NOK is down 4-5/8 . 2932 contracts out wth 24 traded today so liquidity shouild be OK . Buy 400 ERICY for ~$4000 and one NOK put contract of NZYMK.x . That should give you a delta on NOK equiv to shorting $4000 of the stock . Did I figure this right ?
sounds somewhat believable . I can imagine the frenzy on the discussion boards if that got out . I won't be the one to put it out there . i think one more year and then its done . Would the motivation for the Aggie AD to work really be only money ?
Yep . We won't miss him as much as we will Fergie if he goes though . I think if he's fully committed to being as good a pro as possible he could be really good . We'll see .
WE'll likely move Joe Weber to FB . He's ~225 lbs and pretty fast for a FB so he'll do . Whitaker will still be TB but we've got a redshirt frosh named Keith Joseph who has the dimensions of Eddie George and played really well on the scout team . I'll bet he sees a lot of PT at TB if he's really that good . He was one of the very few guys that RC got over MacIII in the last few years of recruiting .
ENE up 1-3/4 ! Option bid only up 3 teenies from where I bought it though . the spread on options is about a 1/4 which makes it tough .
Rebecca , I was looking in EHROnline at my available vacation to verify that it all got accounted for correctly in 2000 . It appears that it did except for the fact that when I attempted to view my available vacation for 2001 , it only indicates that I have 120 hours available . I should have an additional 16 hours left due to the 10 hours that accrued on 12/31/00 and the 6 I had left over . Can you please let me know how to reconcile this in the system ? Thanks , Charlie Weldon
Shares of Enron Corp . ( NYSE: ENE - Quotes , News , Boards ) were smacked around again yesterday , following close on the heels of seven-session decline that sent the stock down more than 13 points , or 16% , from its recent high of $84.63 ( December 28) , all amid uncertainty and considerable volatility . The pullback doesn't appear to be company-specific exactly , although the rumblings in a certain geographic region , namely California , are triggering aftershocks throughout the U.S . energy community . As we outlined in a report on January 4 , the energy situation in California has rapidly reached crisis proportions . Strict environmental legislation and the uncertain profit potential post-deregulation has kept utilities from installing sufficient generating capacity in the state over the last 10 years . The state's two major utilities , PG&E Corp . ( NYSE: PCG - Quotes , News , Boards ) and Edison International ( NYSE: EIX - Quotes , News , Boards ) ,  are facing the prospect of eventual insolvency due to the spiraling costs of electricity purchased on the open market . However , the rates the utilities can charge their customers for power represent a fraction of the costs that prevailed during the gradual rollout of full-scale deregulation . The risks to Enron are two-fold . For one , the crisis in California may result in a default of payments to the state's major wholesale energy providers , including Enron . Although the company does operate in California , the bottom-line impact would likely be shielded to a considerable degree because of Enron's size , strength , and diversified global revenue streams . In addition , Enron would likely be high on the list of default payees given its importance to future wholesale energy supplies in the region . More significantly , investors are concerned that California legislators may pull the plug on deregulation entirely , or at least until the current crisis abates . Some also fear this mess might derail utility deregulation in other states as regulators and politicians alike become fearful of adverse and unintended economic consequences . Neither scenario is probable . For one thing , the airline industry was deregulated in fits and starts , with plenty of mistakes and recrimination along the way . And a strong argument can be made that the shortage of electric power would have pressured rates sharply higher even in a fully regulated environment . The California Public Utility Commission will attempt to decide the best course of action this week . It appears inevitable that , regardless of PG&E and Edison's ultimate fate , the state's energy consumers will likely absorb much of the burden through an increase in the prevailing rate cap . Enron has also fallen victim to the rotation out of strong defensive stocks on the heels of the Federal Reserve's unexpected interest-rate cuts last week . The initial euphoria has waned , however , upon the realization that the sharp rate cuts will serve to offset what appears to be a rapid rate of erosion in domestic economic growth , rather than generating a rebound in economic activity . As a result , we expect investors once again to seek the shelter of well-capitalized defensive plays like Enron . We would emphasize that several factors that weigh in Enron's favor have been overlooked amid the California crisis . The November-December period was 18% colder than normal and the second-coldest start to the winter months in the past 50 years . Coupled with an uncertain supply situation , particularly in natural gas , Enron stands to profit handsomely from energy volatility and pricing , an environment that is likely to exist for at least the next 12 months . In addition , Enron's diversification into still more new avenues of growth help to insulate the company from additional challenges of this sort in the future . The markets for EnronOnline , a real-time commodities exchange vehicle , and Enron's broadband services unit are expected to at least triple over the next year . An eventual inflection point in the groups' profitability would serve to send profits measurably higher in the long term . Despite the recent turmoil , Enron's consensus earnings estimate for 2001 , according to First Call , has come down a mere penny , to $1.65 a share . Although the stock's rich price/earnings multiple of 43 times may aggravate its near-term volatility , the absence of a complete collapse of the stock indicates the market approves of Enron's maneuvers so far and is confident in its prospects going forward
I don't disagree with your view , but I wouldn't count broadband out yet . It may be going slower than we like but it might come around eventually . If it doesn't then there certainly will be hell to pay in the stock rice . By the way , I doubled up on JPM today . It's showed me a profit you know.... .
Try author Harry S . Dent on Amazno . Book is "The Roaring 2000's Investor"
I'm here now if you want to give me a call . 713-345-7229 .
Count me in please .
up to 69.75 from a low of 66.06 ! Big buyers ? Avg daily volume = 3.09M shares , today - 3.06M so far
From the Street.com... . Over the past 90 days , fund companies have either launched or filed paperwork with regulators for the first four mutual funds focusing on the new-power/alternative energy industries . Unlike broader energy funds , this pack will focus to varying degrees on a thinner band of the energy/utilities sector , namely companies that either sell power at steep prices to utilities unable to keep up with their customer's demand and those developing new ways to keep the lights on or maybe even run your car . Click below for the full story:
Theta is hurting me but gamma will hopefully come to my rescue . Waht do you think about these funds buying ENE and its effect on price ? ENE at 70-9/16!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
A good time , indeed ! Looking forward to another group trip sometime in the near future . I do not have the resources ( time or money ) to become heavily involved but I would be interested in possibly helping out on Congressional elections for 2002 as well as any other opportunities that may arise in town to "hob-knob" or otherwise contribute . I'll consider what the most efficient way is for you to further your knowledge of business , etc . We should be getting the pictures developed in the next day or two . I'm looking forward to the digital ones you've got so I can forward them around . I added my sisters to the GOPUSA distribution list and may add some others later tonight . When is the website going to have our pictures ? Thanks , Charlie 02:06:54 PM
Saw
I believe that I inadvertently added the trading calendar request to my other e-requests . You may consider my request withdrawn . Thanks , V . Charles Weldon
Sorry I did not get to call last night . I'll try tonight after 8:00 . Can you please call Fidelity at 1-800-544-6666 and update my address ? Your duplicate statements have been going to my old address in Austin . My You will also need to sell $2000 of stocks in your Bidwell account and make your 2001 IRA contribution to this IRA account as we have done the last several years . We'll talk about what to sell later . Love , Charlie
The taxes that you owe will be based on any gain on whatever we sell . It will be much less than $2000 . For instance , if we bought $1500 of Enron stock that is noe worth $2000 then you will only pay tax on the $500 gain . I'll look at it tonight .
got my money back. . i offerred 2 at 3-1/8 and they were gone in 5 minutes now I'm playing with profit and can let em ride .
She hasn't heard it yet as she was feeling so bad yesterday . I'll take the pix tonight and see if I can get a CD done . I'll get the invitation next time I can bare to be around you . 02:05:18 PM
1816 ? I have no idea .
I knew there was such a year but did not know which one
No problme . I enjoy helping out . Just tell them to send you $2000 . You should have at least that in cash . If there is any extra leftover and you need the cash , you might as well take it too but that's up to you . Enron is up a bunch again today so you should do well selling today . Love , Charlie
Thanks Kevin . It has been very rewarding working here . You are truly a valuable asset to this company and I appreciate all your help and efficiency . Charlie
This should be in your Enron Favorites: Select FX and Sovereign Risk on the dropdown box and then go to US Calendar . The Global Markets Monitor link is also good .
SCHEDULE CHANGE A&M athletic director Wally Groff has officially signed off on a footballscheduling change for the 2001 season , as the Aggies will now play at Wyoming on Thursday , Sept . 6 . The move was made to accommodate the popular ESPN Thursday night college football package . The game between the Cowboys and Aggies was originally scheduled for Sept . 8 . A&M , coming off a 7-5 season , will begin the 2001 campaign with a home gameagainst McNeese State on Sept . 1 , followed by the Wyoming game and an early Big 12 contest with Oklahoma StatSept . 22 at Kyle Field . The much-anticipated game with Notre Dame at Kyle Field is set for Sept . 29In another scheduling quirk , A&M,s traditional late-September or Octobermatchup with Texas Tech has been moved to November , as the Aggies and Red Raiders will hook up on Nov . 3 inLubbock . BAD TIME OF YEAR TO FLY TO LUBBOCK PLUS THAT'S OPENING ADY OF DEER SEASON|
As long as you have $2000 , you're fine . How many Merck shares do you have left , is it just a fraction ?
I think so but if not we'll just leave them in there .
I have a meeting in Cuero at 10:00 am this Saturday that will last only an hour or so . Other than that , we have no reason to go . Maybe you could fly me to that ? If so , I'll need to ask Melissa . She would not haev to go in that case and can stay and recuperate .
I need to check with Melissa first . I'll call her now .
Hold off on the reservations as I cannot get hold of her . She may want to drive for another reason I don't know of . How long would we have to decide if we did want to fly . Also , could Melissa and Hunter go also .
Here's a link to the data . I'll come over there and show you where it is exactly
I'm going to get some scanned shortly . Didn't get the CD .
Ok . I'm in a class the last two days so E-mail access is limited . Looks like rain tomorrow so i doubt flying will work , huh ? I'll call you this evening . I'll be on this e-mail for 5 more minutes .
I'm in Deriv 3 class . I just sold my remaining 2 contracts @4 3/8 . NOt too bad
I have a link that looks like a lightbulb on my Lotus notes desktop . If you don't have it , talk to your assistant . I'll call you at lunch or on monday
Date is supposed to be Feb . 1 ! ! !
We likely will come unless we are still too sick . We've all still got the "crud" . I'll call tomorrow evening and let you know . Melissa said that she could/would make a "Football" cake if you want . Just let me know when I call as I will not get any more e-mails today . Thanks !
Thanks for the evening . We had a good time and your kitchen looks great ! Love , Charlie
Sounds like Goldman has a pretty low opinion of Dupont's management . not surprising.... .
Yep . If you are looking for a free trip to Austin , you should go to this .
This could be big.. .
This could turn into something big... .
I finally awoke sometime later . Our trip was pretty good but the game kinda sucked . Try this link to see the latest cutting edge market that Enron is developing: 03:16:16 PM
I 'm pretty sure that we made an equity investment in a fuel cell company but I'm not sure which one . We have a group dedicated to looking at new energy technology investment opportunities so I'm confifdent we won't miss out on any opportunity in this market .
I got your e-mail . We are planning on coming . Melissa is better , not totally well , but may be on her way to recovery . Sorry about Jimmy . He's having a heck of a time .
try this one.. .
I think I better stick around my new job for a little longer before I run off . I've got a training class again next week so I'm going to be out 2 days . I think I'm going to Austin in late Feb for the internship interviews .
That sounds good . Thanks
$1 from you and $151 from Vikas on my MArch Nymex trade I closed today . Yeah !
Here is an excerpt from my write-up on my projects... . 3 . Agricultural Modeling In an effort to help the Financial Trading Group begin effectively trading commodities , we have attempted to locate a commercially available crop modeto predict macro-crop effects based on real-time weather data and forwardweather scenarios . We have purchased a model known as DSSAT , which is highregarded in the agricultural modeling community . One of the primary authorof this software , Joe Ritchie , has recently retired from Michigan State University and is moving to Texas . Dr . Ritchie ahs expressed interest inproviding assistance to us in setting up this software . His new address is217 Camino Principal , Belton , Texas 76513 and telephone is 254-933-7742 . His colleague , Dr . Gerritt Hoogenboom , at the University of Georgia has confirmed that this is the best software for our needs and that Dr . Ritchiewould be ideal for providing us the help that we need . A second software product known as &Pcyield8 has been suggested . Pcyield is based on the DSSAT model but is supposed to be more user friendly . HoweverDr . Hoogenboom has suggested that the DSSAT model that we purchased is probably the better fit for our needs . The salesman for Pcyield is namedBill Bodine and he works for a company called Mpower 3 . He has indicatedthat he wants to visit us in Houston on February 2nd .
Andrew , Note conference room for our meeting today . I'm also attaching a brief writeup of the deal so far from our perspective . You might want to review before our meeting so you will know where our current understanding ( or misunderstanding :- ) )  of the deal currently is . Thanks , Charlie
I'm staying away from small caps . Note their performance yesterday in light of apparently good news .
This guy has amazingly good 20/20 hindsight . He's painting the Fed as behind the times and inept at managing monetary policy in this New Economy . In fact , it was Greenspan's willingness to embrace the New Economy's higher GDP "speed limit" and unemployment "floor" that enabled this unprecedented economic expansion . While it is true that the Fed's tightening is largely responsible for this downturn , it is not solely responsible; and it is the Fed's nimbleness over the last month in reversing monetary policy that will prevent this downturn from being a mere bump in the road .
I got my W-2 but I haven't looked into the impact of moving on income .
I think it is sad that he died but I 'm certainly fine . He was pretty old and I really was not really close to him though , but he was a very nice and intelligent man . About 8 years ago , I went to Utah on business with Dupont and I stayed over the weekend with him . He took me all around Salt Lake City and showed me a bunch of neat stuff . That's what I will remember about him most .
I'm in on Calpine . Just bought .
Per Andrew , Let's plan on meeting ( or at least touching base ) on Thursday at 3:00 . I'm attaching a revised summary and a spreadsheet derived from the one Maria sent me on Monday . Please take time to review both documents to see if we're still heading down the right path... .
Just fill out form and send $2000 in . Contribution is for year 2001 . I've been real busy .
It's Saturday . Will that work ?
Lunch is likely . Call me then
Andrew , Can we move tomorrow's meeting to 5:00 instead of 3:00 ? I have a structuring class all day . Mark will need to leave at ~5:30 so I'll try to be up here a little early if possible . I'll send a nother note with a conference room if I can get one . Thanks , Charlie
I just bought some more CPN . CEFT has a great 5 yr chart and doesn't seem too expensive but I don't understand their business risks as much as CPN so I'm going to stick with them . I may give it some more thought if I could find a good research report on them .
Let me know when the money is there and we will buy something
Files are located in Gas Structuring\LNG\Australia
I bought it at 41 and 42 ovver the last week and it's looking good . I bought them based on industry , strategy , and PEG . Check it out .
FYI - I created a folder for all Stagecoach files in
Kristin , I plan to attend as a greeter if needed . Is there a reception on the Wednesday night prior to first-round interviews ? Thanks , Charlie
You may consider linking to this regular column from your gopusa site .
I'm always ready to crap but if you want assistance pre-crap , then let me know. .
One less competitor........... .
My cousin told me about chewing your ass out . He was pretty embarassed as he is really a nice guy .
Here's the link to the gas fundamentals site:
John , Attached is the estimated notional bid for the 10-year term gas ( 9/2001-8/2011 ) delivered per your proposed project with National Fuel . The bid as of Tuesday's closing prices comes to $4.63/MMBTU with the following assumptions: 1 ) Per Goeff Storey , the basis spread is zero from the mid using the CGPR-Niagara curve . 2 ) National Fuel will deliver the gas on the NFG system at Niagara . The desired point per Storey would be on TCPL/Niagara system on the Canadian side of the border and hence a 5 cent discount has been applied for transport . It is possible that it could be negotiated with NFG to deliver the gas on the TCPL/Niagara system . 3 ) Nymex bid is six cents off the mid for a ten year quote of this ( small ) size . Let me know if you have any further questions . Thanks , Charlie
Here are the updated curves as of last nights close . Let me know if you need anything else . Charlie
The curves in this file were off by a month since April is no longer valid . See the attached file for the correct prices and months . Charlie
Eric and I will come by ~4:00 . Thanks , Charlie
My supervisor is Ed Mc Michael .
thanks
yeah , I'm not sure I'm going to fork out the $60 to take my family now , versus $15 and being less crowded .
Suzette , Monday morning should work . Just give me a call . I'm tied up in the p.m . but a.m . should work . Charlie
I'm not sure . WE're going to the Astros tonight and are working on the nursery I think . Other than that , not much
Same as before except changed cob date to 4/27 instead of 4/24 on quote sheet .
Attached is the latest pricing as of Friday's close for the Stagecoach deal . Load factors have been adjusted per your request to give a 50% minimum . The new indicative price , applying spreads from previous quotes , is now $4.82 . ( Note that the market is off significantly today so this quote will likely be a few pennies higher than one you would get in the live market right now ) Thanks , Charlie
The following basic assumptions concerning gas capacity requirements for the Fort Pierce project were confirmed today at a meeting attended by Dave Fairley , Ed McMichael , Ruth Concannon , Mark Breese , Eric Boyt , and Charlie Weldon . ( NOTE: The heat rates and MW are subject to change pending final engineering evaluation . The intent of this note is to document the overall runtime assumptions. ) 1 ) During the summertime months of May through September , the plant is expected to run 16 hours per day in a mode where Enron's 200 MW are dispatched as are Ft . Pierce's 82MW . 2 ) Enron will purchase summertime capacity only sufficient to allow running 200 MW for 16 hours per day at our "bought-down" heat rate of 6690 . This equals 22,300 MMBTU/day and will allow for taking the full daily capacity in only a 16 hour period ( 6% per hour ) The table below summarizes the monthly capacity requirements: MONTH Total Capacity Needed By Enron Ft . Pierce Capacity ( from FGU ) Phase VI Capacity Capacity From East Desk NTOE: Prior to Phase VI completion , the project will purchase capacity from the East Desk . 3 ) Ft . Pierce will use its existing FT via FGU to secure its gas requirements at the 9500 contractual heat rate for the 16 hours it is dispatched in the summer . 4 ) For the winter months of October through April , the plant is expected to run 16 hours per day in a mode where Ft . Pierce is not dispatched , thus leaving Enron with 282MW at the overall plant heat rate of 7500 . This equates to 35,251 MMBTU/day and allows for taking the full capacity in only 16 hours ( 6% per hour ) 5 ) Because Ft . Pierce will not be dispatched during the winter , their unused capacity via FGU will be available for Enron . These amounts differ by month as summarized in the table below . 6 ) Enron will purchase wintertime capacity only sufficient to allow running 282 MW for 16 hours per day at a 7500 heat rate , less the monthly capacities available from Ft . Pierce via FGU . These non-FGU purchased quantities will come from the Phase VI capacity and the East Desk as shown below: MONTH Total Capacity Needed By Enron Ft . Pierce Capacity ( from FGU ) Phase VI Capacity ( Nov-Mar = 28% of Summer ) Capacity From East Desk NOTE: Prior to Phase VI completion ,  the project will purchase capacity from the East Desk . 7 ) Backup documentation supporting the hourly gas requirement in each dispatch mode is attached to this memo .
We'll be there Friday night and plan to spend the night . If Elizabeth would rather spend the night with her friend , that's fine . Hunter can play with Travis that night and be plenty happy . Love , Charlie
The University of Texas at Austin Admission Visit Initiative Candidate Critique Form Alumni / Program Contact Name: V . Charles Weldon Alumni / Program Contact Id ( SSN): *********Graduation Year: 2000 Applicant Name: Suzette Emmons Visit Location: Houston Visit Date: 4/30/01 Trait Description Rating ( 1 through 4 ) Comments Communication Skills 1 Very strong and effective communicator . Poise / Confidence 1 No problem here . Suzette is quite confident without being cocky . Leadership Potential 1 It is very easy to imagine Suzette in a leadership role . Personality / Enthusiasm 1 Very energetic and ascited about the possibility of being a Texas MBA student . Maturity 2 She should not have any problem mixing with older , more-experienced students . Clarity of Professional Focus 2 Seems very focused on the potential opportunities following receiving an MBA degree , but is still open-minded . Please provide the Admission Committee with a brief narrative overview of your AdmissionVisit dialogue . You may use this opportunity to elaborate further on the above rankings . We had a very comfortable and open exchange of information regarding her work experience and views on current business topics . She is well-seasoned in dealing with complex business issues and would very likely be ahead of many of her fellow students . She exudes confidence yet remains open to new ideas and ways of thinking . I have no reservation in saying that Suzette would flourish at UT and contribute significantly to the overall quality of the class . Do you believe this candidate is a good match for the culture and strengths of the TEXASMBA program ? Please elaborate on any reservations you may have . Suzette is definitely a good match for the Texas MBA program . She is a high energy , very results-oriented individual with a tremendous track record of successful accomplishments . Her personality is very conducive to working in a diverse team environment and I see no issue that would prevent her from being a top-notch MBA student at UT .
Matt , Would you please make sure that David gets to see this tomorrow . Mark asked me to send this so you could print it out and have Dave look at it and then recommend would else ought to see it . Would you plese E-mail me or call me with a list of who else needs to see this sometime tomorrow , per Mark . Thanks , Charlie
I just deleted a bunch . LEt me know if I need to do anymore . Enron Avg = 90 injected Industry avg = 86 injected I-Bank Avg = ~72 injected ( they should stick to banking ) My number is 88 . I think the market has already built in a 90 or less number .
We should make it by 6:45 plus or minus 30 minutes
We are planning on bringing Flossie if that's OK . Why are energy stocks down so much today ? My only guess is because outlook for NG prices is lower...follows your theory of our price being proportional to NG price .
Great . Flossie is a Maxine , not a Max
Suzette , I was able to fill out an evaluation form on Tuesday and submit it by E-mail . Hopefully they will accept it OK . It was nice meeting you and I wish you good luck in the admissions process . Sincerely , Charlie
Attached in Bold are the answers to all the questions except 6 and 8 . The major outstanding issue as of right now is the final determination of specs for the fuel oil from Mitsubishi. .
FYI - I'm looking into this . Could be my ticket but there are a few issues I have to resolve .
Karen , Thanks again for taking the time to meet with me this afternoon . I look forward to hearing from you . Sincerely , Charlie Weldon
We enjoyed ourselves and are glad that we were able to visit . We're looking forward to you coming to our house in a few weeks Love , Charlie
PAth to deal Status is O:\NAES\NATTS\ADM\Deal Status
thanks !
Karen , I just wanted to confirm that you received my resume OK . I just noticed that I replied to your EGM message you sent out yesterday instead of your ENA Trading Track message that I received Friday . I just wanted to make sure that you didn't accidentally overlook it due to the wrong subject header . Thanks , Charlie
Soma , Per your request , I've calculated a Houston Area notional swap price for 6/01 through 12/04 . I used the IF-Katy mid curve as of today's close and have not adjusted for any injection or withdrawal charges that may need to be accounted for in your analysis . If you need any further help , please let me know . Thanks , Charlie Weldon
Doug , Attached is the ( long-awaited ) spec for the 200K gallons of low-sulphur #2 Fuel Oil to partially refill the tank at the Ft . Pierce facility in Florida . As the attached note describes , the final spec is a result of the combined spec requirements by the environmental permit , MHI ( Mitsubishi) , and Engineering . We currently believe that some of these specs may be more stringent than what is commercially available . In the event that some of these specs are too stringent , we would like you to: 1 ) identify which specs are not reasonably attainable , and 2 ) suggest what value of these specs are attainable . Your feedback will be shared with the appropriate parties and , assuming there are spec change recommendations , these parties will determine how best to proceed . Please note that the first attached note requests than any bids we get contain info on density , heating value , and trace contaminants . Additionally , the second attached note references getting multiple bids for different specs . I suggest that , for now , we resolve the spec issue internally as described above and then we obtain quotes . If you have any other suggestions on how best to proceed , your input is welcome . Your assistance in this matter is , and has been , greatly appreciated . Thanks , Charlie Weldon
Matt , Thank you very much for the info . I have forwarded the specs on to Doug Leach who will be responsible for ordering the fuel oil . I asked him to identify any spec parameters that are not readily attainable with commercially available #2 Fuel Oil . For example , I'm fairly certain that 0.0% ash is not normally available . I have also asked him to provide information on what grades of fuel oil are available that we should consider . I will forward any feedback that I receive from Doug to you so we can then have the team determine how best to proceed from that point . Thanks again for all your help . Charlie
Mike , I noticed that your name was not on the distribution list for these exchanges so I am forwarding them to you to catch you up . I have faxed the #2 Diesel Fuel specs along with those for jet fuel to Matt Tezyk who has been coordinating the effort to consolidate the spec . He said he would share these with all the riight parties so the decision can be made as to whether we decide to take regular low-sulphur #2 , jet fuel , or pursue some other path . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Charlie Weldon
Doug , Thanks for the info . I have passed it along . I have one more question regarding heating values . Do you know what the LHV and HHV values are for #2 and jet fuel ? I figure those are parameters that are measured and known but they weren't on the spec sheet . Thanks , Charlie
Here's another good article:
John , Based on yesterday's ( 5/9/01 ) curves , and applying spreads from our previous quotes , the new updated notionl bid is $4.51/MMBTU . Let me know if you need any more assistnace . Thanks , Charlie
Location: 3274d
Guys, , I thought I would just let you know that the latest indicative gas price for the Stagecoach deal is ~$4.62 . That's down ~$0.20 in the last 9 trading days . How about an update from yall's end on the status of the negotiations , etc ? Thanks , Charlie
B2B = business to business , usually referring to on-line ( Internet-based ) electronic commerce ( e-commerce) .
Is this guy short ENE or what ? He has a couple of decent points about our "fuzzy" math . but we won't miss earnings , guaranteed , for at least a couple quarters .
Thanks for the info !
Doug , This note is just to confirm my voicemail message this morning indicating that the charges for the Fuel Oil sample check for vanadium should be charged to Co# 0413 , RC # 106230 . According to the spec sheet I have , the ASTM method for vanadium is D3605 and the units of measurement are ppm ( wt) . Again , I appreciate your patience in this frustrating issue . Charlie
Bill , I understand that you are the contact person for MHI concerning the ash spec for the 501F turbine being used on the Ft . Pierce project . I have been working with Matt Tezyk to finalize all issues concerning this fuel oil spec . Please let me know as soon as possible what the MHI response is regarding the inability to get 0% ash fuel oil . We are trying to get closure on this issue so we can order the fuel oil to replace that which we caused FPUA to burn to begin construction on the site . Thanks ! Charlie Weldon
I'll sell you up to 2 Jun nat gas at 4.565 right now , same as Johnny .
Doug , Fax is 646-3460 . A couple folks wanted to know where this sample was taken from . I told them that I was not exactly sure but was confident that the sample would be representative of the fuel oil that would be delivered in Florida , per our conversation . Thanks again , Charlie
Our "spec" is <.05 ppm . I talked to Doug about whether or not the measurement can be made to a greater degree of accuracy . We believe it is not but Doug said he would provide us with a contact to call concerning the vanadium measurement accuracy . I'm still waiting on that contact name and number . The thought here was to have this contact discuss the iissue first-hand with the engineering team so a judgement can be made . Thanks , Charlie
The following response from Doug is intended to address the issue of whether or not the sample taken was representative of what we would expect to recieve in Florida.....per the discussion of such matter in our meeting . Charlie
Per our conversation , I recommend using Tetco M3 plus the avg seasonal basis to Alg CG ( Summer =~0 , Winter =~.10 ) Note the volatility in these that I graphed . This volatility willl likely need to be taken into account in your model if/when you get to that level of detail . Charlie
Kim , The NGI daily prices got messed up somehow when I ran the data fetch program . I updated them in this file now but I figured you would use GDD prices anyway . I have also attached the NGI monthly index which is usually the way we use NGI prices , as you indicated . I just thought you wanted daily prices originally and wanted to show them from the 3 different sources for comparison . Sorry for the confusion . Let me know if you need any more assistance . Thanks , Charlie
Thanks Doug , Can you confirm ( or tell me how I can ) that these sample charge are being routed to Co#0413 , RC#106230 per my previous note . Enron North America Corp . From: V Charles Weldon 05/14/2001 09:02 AM
Glad to hear Buddy is getting better . I assume we still need rain but are doing OK given the good rain 2 weeks ago . We may come this weekend or next . Will know tonight .
As I previously shared , the result for vandium in the low-sulfer diesel ( #2 fuel oil ) came back at <0.1 ppm versus the "spec" of <0.05 ppm . I just talked to the lab supervisor at Saybolt whom performed the analysis; and according to him there is no practical way of measuring the vanadium content more precisely than within one-tenth of a ppm . The only way he knows of is to use a NMR ( nuclear magnetic resonance ) machine that NASA uses to analyze rocket fuel . He is not sure whether or not the government would allow use of such a machine but estimates that , if they did allow , it could cost upwards of $10,000 . Please let me know if we should pursue this matter any further . Thanks , Charlie
Mike , The maximum ash content is 0.01 wt% on the official spec for low-sulfur #2 fuel oil that we would be ordering . We should plan on receiving fuel oil with up to this amount as you mention . Thanks , Charlie
Matt , Doug Leach will be calling me in the morning to set up a brief meeting to discuss all the final details regarding purchase of the fuel oil for Ft . Pierce . I believe that we have all the logistical matters addressed and all that is left to discuss is where and how exactly the charges for this purchase will flow . In order to maximize communication and be sure that this issue is finally resolved , I am asking that you attend this meeting with us tomorrow morning . Please let me know what your availability is . Thanks ! Charlie
got it
Go it
Matt , Two quick questions that Doug Leach needs answered ASAP to get the oil ordered: 1 ) Name and number of contact person for handling the accounting/paperwork type issues at HD King plant . 2 ) Name and number of contact person for logistic/scheduling issues at HD King plant . Thanks , Charlie
Got it
Thanks Mike . Would you mind providing the MW and heat rate assumptions that correspond to these flows just for information purposes . Thanks , Charlie
Doug , The contact at the HD King plant is Ed Leongomez . His phone number is 561-464-5792 . Ed is the plant superintendent and can coordinate all issues regarding the fuel oil either directly or indirectly . ( He happened to call today so he should be glad to hear from us ) Thanks , Charlie
Just want to remind everyone that the exact quantity is 202,000 gallons , isn't that right David ?
Steve , As of yesterday's curves , financial mid is 5.169 and physical mid is 5.311 . The physical Index premium is at TranscoZ6 is ~.035 in summer and ~0.5 in winter . Let me know if you need anything else . Charlie
Thank you Doug ! Sorry this thing turned into such a mess along the way . I appreciate the help you have given both me and the team . Charlie
David , Attached is a summary calculation of the net payment owed FPUA for the fuel oil transaction . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Charlie
Todd , Attached is my resume per our conversation . Thanks , Charlie
I want to remain a member
Dutch , Here's the quote sheet starting in August . Thanks , Charlie
FYI..... . ( and I'll provide the update he is requesting )
Are you staying ?
Ed , I'm interested in taking this course as I've heard it was pretty good . I have applied to take it within the training system and it should be queued up for your approval if you support me taking it . Thanks , Charlie
John , Thanks for the upate . Sorry to hear this deal has been further delayed . The updated gas price is 4.625 as of last night's curves . Thanks , Charlie
FYI...and thanks again !
FYI - There's also an opening on the Texas Gas Desk that may give me the opportunity to short-circuit the "required" rotations . We'll see .
Slight problem , can't get the room in 3 Allen center b/c they turn down the A/C on the weekend and need a cost code to cover any desired cooling . Hence , we will likely end up in the Enron building in a less nice room but we'll manage .
June settled at 3.738 . No pressure to pay but wanted to document . Later... .
Chris , Attached are the prices you requested . Please let me know if I can help you in any way , as we discussed . Thanks , Charlie Weldon
Cool . I'll set up a payment plan if you wish , with competitive rates . :- )
Attaached are the notional bids you requested . Please contact me or Eric if you have any querstions .  Thanks , Charlie Weldon
MArk asked me to FW this to you
John , Ignore the last message . Kelli Little is going to look at your deal.. .
Rain is good . I think Travis is coming to our house for a few days also . Enron stock is a long story but we'll just all have to be patient . I've been swamped . Call you when I'm on the bus
Let's shoot for lunch next Tuesday . Would one of you please contact me that a.m . to see how the day is going . It's been pretty hectic lately but I think we will be able to do it . Thanks , Charlie
FYI
Desk is 3274D Thanks
Joan , Here are the basis numbers only . Sorry this took so long .
FYI - A very good summary of the newly passed tax bill... . - Tax Bill CR 1.PDF - Tax Bill CR 2.PDF
Thanks !
Kelli took care of it .
Team , We now have the capability of importing live EOL quotes into our models if so desired . Colin Tonks , who supports IT development efforts for the trading floor , has made this capability available to us via a file that I have now saved in the Models directory under the name "EOL_Product_Listen" . In order to run the file , you will first need to run a program called "Tibco Rendezvous Client" You can run this program by going to the Start Menu/System Utility Applications/Installation and Disk Creation/"Install Tibco Rendezvous Client" . You will have to reboot after installation is complete . After rebooting you can then open the program "EOL Program Listen" . The program has 2 sheets: 1 ) EOL , and 2 ) EOL_Search Sheet 1 ( EOL ) is the sheet that pulls in the live quotes based on an EOL ID number that you enter in column C . In order to determine the correct EOL ID number , you need to use Sheet 2 ( EOL_Search) . On this sheet , you can enter a search string in cell B1 and then hit the search macro . Efficient use of this search macro requires some trial and error since the search is limited to a max number . Once you find your product ID # , you can enter it into Sheet 1 ( EOL ) and then hit the "Start" button . You will then be pulling in live quotes which can be linked to any model which you wish . A word of caution: We will likely all find limitations into how this tool can be effectively used . For instance , it has been brought to my attention that the product ID #'s change each month as new prompt months roll on . Thus , the tool should be used with discretion and verification that the right ID # is linking up should always be verified , especially on older files . Nonetheless , as we get comfortable with the tool , I believe that it will provide some value on deals that require real-time pricing inputs . Please let me know if you have any questions/comments . I can provide a quick demo at my desk if anyone wishes . Thanks , Charlie
I'll click the ad from home . Your newsletter is massively jumbled on my Outlook here at work . not sure why . Congrats on the IFR rating .
The following link takes you to an Enron intranet site for all commodity fundamentals , e.g. , gas fundy , power , liquids , weather etc... .
Can't do lunch on Tuesday due to a meeting that just got planned . Let's shoot for Wed .
I saw that AND read it
I should be able to help on that . I'll try to call you later or call me at home this evening .
I cliked the ad once or twice and on their site ~10 times
I have an "interview" this pm with the 2 Texas Desk VP's . IT's supposed to be informal . If I go there I will not be on the "trading track" but will be a trader . Sounds like a good deal to me . We'll see what they say .
It might but low three are all but a certainty . I got the job on the Texas Desk . I'll start there in July/August . I'll be trading an East Texas point physically and financially . I'll also get ~100 Nymex contracts to "play" with .
I went to UT with George . He is very intelligent and has a very good understanding of options . I think he is defintiely worth interviewing . Charlie
Kristin , Can I get Michael Finger's phone number ? I've had no luck finding him . Thanks , Charlie
Very cool . Did you get my e-mail about the game and Sat night ?
Intersting points . I basically agree with him
Indeed . Same for ya'll after the first drive . Watch out for Derek Farmer . That kid can play . True frosh starts and runs for 100 against a fairly stout defensive front 7 . I guess yall's season comes down to next saturday . If you can land any broker tickets or otherewise for the UT/A&M game , please let me know .
thanks . Soundlike we're OK . I will need to get access to the global trading directory to post P&L sheet . I'll submint an e-request
Cash P&L is now saved in Charlie directory on that path you gave me. .
Call me at 713-853-3088 . please
Took 4 hours vacation on Friday , October 12th . I think my assistant is putting them in though .
I'm at EB3212E for now . MOving to new building on Nov . 9th . Thanks , Charlie
I met you at A&M during fraternity rush in the late 80's . I've never forgotten you as you were pretty darn funny as I best recall . Anyway , glad to hear you are doing well . I'm heading to Lubbock and am interested in your tickets if you still have them . What yard line are they on ? Thanks , Charlie Weldon Class of '90
That should work for me . Sorry for the late response but we had talked about it I guess .
What's your offer price ? Have you gotten any bids ?
Stephanie , Can you please authorize my EOL account ( ADM59501 ) so that I can transact internally with the following Tennessee Z-0 physical products: 1 ) Next day gas 2 ) Next day plus 1 3 ) Balance of month physical All transactions should go to my physical book , ENA-IM-Katy . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Charlie Weldon Texas Gas Trading
Thanks . It works .
I live in Wortham Grove neighborhood right near the intersection of 290 and 1960/Hwy 6 so a handoff should be easy . Where do you live ? Please respond to a"ALL" on this E-mail so I'll get the E-mail at home also . Thanks , Charlie Weldon
I'm out of town or I would do it otherwise .
Prudential . Carol Coates?? ? He said he was working in a 3 person office for a woman ,
YES
Call me at home tonight .
How is the ticket availability looking ? ( for me from you )
I'd still like to play tennis sometime . I don't have the time nor the money to play much golf . Speaking of golf and your predictions , would you like to wager on your goal of 70's by Dec '02 . I'll bet you right now at $10 a stroke over/under 80 on a reasonable course ( par 72 etc ) of your choice in Houston next December . :- ) Charlie ( future Dynegy employee , hopefully )
Thanks . That's a big cell but it's gonns miss us by 20 miles .
Do you have his home phone # ?  Thanks ! Charlie
Sounds like fun . I got my offer from UBS Friday and turned it in today , signed . The judge approved the deal Friday also so if nothing gets screwed up in the next few weeks then I should have a new employer ( when the deal closes ) Have fun , Charlie
One G2 was 10.5 . Other was ~9.5 . G3's were 7.5 ish , maybe 8 . I thought it was a pretty good deer . He would have been really good next year but we've let so many go like that not to ever see them again.. . ,  I'm really glad he got this one to break his 7 year drought . This was his 8th season .
Mail FSA Form
I've been meaning to contact you forever and I just ran across your e-mail address from our incoming Associate class list . Sorry it took so long . How the heck are you doing ? I'd like to hear if you have another job yet or what your prospects are . Please give me a call when you can . My number is 713-853-3088 . Hope all is well . Sincerely , Charlie
Susan , I need you to do the research on this meter . You will need to review the various scheduling systems to see how this was handled prior to 2/96 . You can also check with Volume Management to see if they have any info regarding the allocation of the point . Let me know what you find out and I will work on getting a deal in place . Daren
Kim , I will be out of the office next week . Please get with Jennifer Sabine and go over these issues with her . Daren
It will be fine to use current +1 as the cutoff . Enron North America Corp .
Julie , I need to know if the following deals have evergreen provisions to roll into Jan 2000 . Thanks .
Vintage should be 93730 .
Aimee , PG&E's numbers are correct .
What occurred at this point in prior months ? Who was allocated the volume ?
Carlos , Please look into your Black Marlin info and see if you can find anything on this . Thanks .
Charlotte , This is a desk-to-desk deal . You need to get with the scheduler on the East Desk who handles Transco . Both desks will need to tie in MOPS . In this case , POPS most likely tried to update the HPL side , but the East Desk has not adjusted their side in MOPS .
Imelda , The following people ( HPL Logistics ) need access to view all Texas Desk positions/portfolios in Sitara Position Manager and Deal Ticker: Mandey MacKinnon George Grant Aimee Lannou Tom Acton Jackie Young Stella Morris Susan Trevino Kim Vaughn Charlotte Hawkins Robert Lloyd Pat Clynes Please update their security to allow for this . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks . Daren
Imelda , These people still need the Sitara access they currently have . All are a part of the Texas Region . Thanks .
Imelda , The following people are marketers on the Texas Desk: Tom Martin Jim Schweiger Greg McClendon James Mackey Craig Faulbaum Elsa Villarreal Carey Metz Lauri Allen Ed Gottlob Michael Morris Lee Papyotti Gary Lamphier
Pre-bid will be on Monday 1/24 . Enron North America Corp .
Ami Chokshi will be sending this to you once it is finalized .
Pat , You should have been included on this . I probably won't go to these meetings since I won't be dealing with Unify much in the future . I don't mind going with you for the first couple of times if you need me to , though .
FYI
Heather , Please include Pat Clynes on all Logistics information . He now manages the HPL group . Thanks . Daren
Stella , The deal is in Sitara ( #11121) . However , that point has been inactivated . In OSS , you can manually enter the contract you need to allocate the volumes .
Richard , Please add Pat Clynes to your distribution list . He now manages HPL Logistics .
Robert , Please look into this . 
I have asked Robert Lloyd to look into this . He handles our Industrial noms now .
I added 11/29-30 to deal 132030 . Give me a call if you have any questions .
Why do you keep changing your e-mail address ? How were your first few days back at school ? You haven't burned down your home making class , have you ? Anyway , hope you have fun this weekend . Adios ,
Kim , Deal 93485 has meter 7268 attached to it . You can apply the flow to this deal . You may need to renom from MOPS to POPS to get it through the systems .
Imelda , Steve Weller's access should be removed . He is no longer involved with the Texas Desk . The rest need to retain their access .
At Sweeney ( Mtr 1517) , for December , 6,000/day was confirmed to the Phillips sale . Acutally , we should have nominated a purchase of 4,000 and a sale of 10,000 . The original purchase deal had the incorrect year on the deal date . So , I have created deal 148851 . Please reallocate mtr 1517 with these changes; sale of 10,000 on deal 93804 , purchase of 4,000 on 148851 . If you have any questions , let me know .
The Cox contract expired effective 12/1 , so we should not have any gas coming to us from them . The confirmation with PG&E should be adjusted . The Tribo deal is good . If PG&E allocates gas to them , we are ok . ( I don't think they have been allocated gas in the last 7 months. ) Carlos probably has a contat with Cox . Either you or he can call them to see if they have sold any of their interests .
Someone in Producers Services . You can call Vance Taylor and he can probably tell you .
Aimee , If you review that deal in CPR , you can see that this is a desk to desk deal on ECT . This is actually our transport of Waha gas on PGE , delivered into HPL . So , the volume should be scheduled/allocated to the ECT intrastate contract 012-27049-201 .
Should the entire volume be moved over to ICC now ? Currently on deal 131478 ( ICC) , 10,000 is being sold at 2.84 . The sale on the TXU ticket has been zeroed out on the deal line , but needs to be reallocated in Vol Mgmt . If I need to move the additional 25,000 to ICC , I will . But , I want to make sure that is what we need to do .
Ken , Thanks for your input . I will definitely take this into consideration . Also , I want you to know that I really do appreciate all that you've done for me . I have greatly benefited from your knowledge of the market and industry; and also from your experience of just dealing with people and issues . It has been very nice having someone to discuss ideas with and to learn from ( and argue with!) . Thanks , also , for your honesty and openness . I really appreciate you telling me when you disagree , it helps me see things from a different view . ( I just want to do the best thing for our business , and you help me to do that. ) You don't try to slip anything by , and you take responsibility for your work/actions . That's hard to find these days . I just wanted to let you know that . Thanks . But , I will still continue to think of you as in that Dilbert cartoon: "Whenever we disagree , I always end up yelling . That's an indication that you have poor interpersonal skills."
The base purchase should be brokered with the base sale . Deal 135563 does not replace the basse purchase ticket , it is in addition to that one . On the days where deal 135563 is applicable , the purchases and sale should balance out; no flow .
So , is this ok now ?
Hey , I think that we are coming in this weekend . We are only going to be there through Sat nite though . See you then .
Then 10,000 is already moved . It just needs to be reallocated by vol Mgmt .
Sounds fine to me .
10,000 is being sold to ICC @ 2.84 on deal 131478 .
Aimee , I assume that you are looking into this .
See comments below .
CR , This is one of the meters that you should broker for Entex .
FYI . Again , Tom does not have this info yet . So , please allow Gary and/or James to talk with him first .
New deals: Nov #151202 Dec #151203
See notes in red below . In each case where the contract has been terminated , Tom and/or Carlos will need to get with Producer Services to determine what we need to do ( set up a GTC , renegotiate the term deal , etc) .
This relates to the message on missing deals .
Dave , Please add Pat Clynes to your distribution list . He now manages HPL Logistics .
Done . New Deal 151857 .
See deal 151654 .
I can't make any meeting at 8:00am .
1/00 Plan Allocations for RC 1497 - Farmer: 15% Gas Network Services 84% Gas Network Trading 1% Gas Network Development --> Time spent on Project Sally was primarily determining the estimated number of employees required to perform the Trading Support functions and reading the deal memorandum . Daren
Pre-Bid meeting will be held 2/22 @ 3:30 pm . Please reserve a conference room for about 20 people .
I am not available at that time . I have 2 meetings already scheduled for that time/day . Daren
No problem .
Hey , punk! ! Daren and Tonya
I can't be there .
Jackie , This is the spot deal we talked about last week . Craig Falbaum is working on negotiating a price .
Stacey Neuweiler is my primary back-up ( not really a lead since my group is so small) . She should be contacted if I'm not available .
Location for Pre-Bid is 30C1 .
Lee , As Sitara currently stands , 500 of the 10,000 for EGP Fuels will be at Gas Daily . See deals 139066 and 139068.\
I rolled the deal for Jan and Feb .
FYI . We need to make sure that this kind of communication conitinues to flow downstream .
done
Shari , Sorry I'm so late with this .
Can we start this meeting later ? We will be trading until 10:30 . Since Greg McClendon is out of the office , Carey Metz is trading basis for him . Because Carey is doing that , Stacey is needed to trade Waha . And she is my backup on managing our position . So , I need to be on the desk during trading . Daren
Thu , I would be happy to join you in these type of meetings , but I can never meet before 11:00 . We begin trading each day at 8:30 am .
I can meet tomorrow from 1pm-3pm or Thusday after 1pm .
Jackie and Stella , I need ya'll to get together and work out how to handle this at Stratton . I know that we get the estimated volume from Exxon daily and I would think that this volume will need to be allocated among the different deals . But , Exxon will not have them broken out .
Congrats , Boy
I have scheduled a separate meeting Tomorrow from 2-3 . So exclude that time from our possible meeting times .
I thought that Brenda's meeting is on Tuesday the 8th .
FYI .
Ami , Please attend this .
done
I can meet anytime Monday afternoon . I can meet after 4:00 on Tuesday , but not at 1:00 .
Hey , Mom . I got your message . Just send the curtains whenever you get the chance . Jo went to the doctor yesterday and everything is looking good . She is going to start going to the doctor weekly . Carrying the baby pretty low , so he's getting ready . Jo thinks he'll be coming around the first part of March , the doctor didn't say that , though . Anyway , tell Lacy "Good Luck" . I love ya'll .
I've extended the deal for the rest of the year , with a -0- nom .
Aimee , We don't enter 3rd party storage deals in Sitara . You may want to talk to Kenny Soignet , but I thought that storage contracts were entered manually in POPS .
I have ceated deal 163005 to cover the flow for Feb
Michael ( or Mike..what do you like to be called?) , My schedule is open Thursday afternoon 1-5pm and Friday 1-4pm . Let me know the what works best for you . Earlier in the afternoon is usually best for me . Daren
Mike , Thursday the 17th at 1:00 wil work for me . I have reserved room 3125b . We can meet at my desk ( 3138C ) and walk over there . Daren
Howard , The Park and Ride deals should be booked to a transport contract . Desk to desk deals should be on the transport contract also .
Check out the following dates/times for a training session on HPL operations/gas flows/points . I would allow about 2 hours to cover all questions . We may only need an hour . Thurs 2/10 any time after 1pm Fri 2/11 Lunch to earlier afternoon Tues 2/15 Lunch to 2:30 Let me know the best time for you and your group . I am also going to invite the risk group ( their schedule is flexible) .
Tuesday the 15th is fine . I will get a conference room and lunch set up . We can start at 11:30 . I will send out an e-mail invitation to everyone in your group , my group and the risk group . If you want to add anything or if you have something specific you want me to cover , just let me know . Daren
Carey told me that he has already talked to Jennifer . He should be able to give you any information you need . Daren
Please plan on attending a training session over lunch on Tuesday , Feb 15th . ( Lunch will be provided. ) I intend to discuss the operations of Houston Pipe Line; how gas is moved through the system , where our main supply and market areas are , locations of specific points , etc . We will be using a map of the pipeline as the basis for the discussion . So , come to the meeting with any questions you have on HPL , anything is fair game . Yvette is currently working on securing a room . I will let you know when that is finalized . Let me know if you have any questions .
We have no way to input a storage deal for Cilco . The way that the contract is set up , does not fit into the systems as they are .
Tom , I changed the meter on deal 156161 from7012 to 7341 . You will need to repath and renom this in MOPS . Also , you will need to make sure that the welhead meteres are linked to 7341 in POPS . Let me know if you have any questions .
Ami , Let Kim know when you have this done .
I have scheduled the HPL training session for Tues the 15th . So I can't make this meeting . Neither will the Tx Logistics group .
Please plan on meeting at 1pm on Thursday to continue discussions on the Midtex line . I will let you know the location when it becomes finalized .
The meeting will be held in 3125A from 1:30 to 2:30 .
Please attend one of these sessions . Gracias .
Mom , That sounds good . You can bring the curtains when you come . What time do you think you can make it down here on Friday ? We will probably be leaving farily early to go to the rodeo ( about 5:00) . We can have the girl across thestreet take care of Cole until you get there . Daren
Stella and Charlotte , I looked into this deal . We sold this gas for one day only . In MOPS , the path was nominated for 1/26 only . However , in POPS the path was nominated and confirmed for 1/26-1/31 . This should have been showing up as a bridgeback error during the month . Also , someone should have identified that the path/nom in MOPS wasn't the same as the nom in POPS . This discrepancy should have been found before we closed out January . I researched this problem by reviewing both systems ( looking at the path id in POPS , finding it in MOPS , and checking the audit on the path in MOPS) . This type of issue should be researched and solved by the logistics group , who has all the necessary tools to find the problem . The resolution , not the problem , should have been presented to myself or the marketer , with an explanation of what happened . Some one still needs to find out how the gas was confirmed for the 27th-31st . Since the gas apparently flowed , we will have to apply the overflow to the OBA . Unless you can find a missing transport contract .
I would like to talk about what we can do to make sure that effective training occurs in the future for new hires/transfers . For example , we are giving an HPL training session today . We should not have to give another full blown session in the future . The group should be able to take this knowledge , add to it , and pass it on to others entering the group . With the rate of turnover we have experienced in the past , it seems like some knowledge has been lost .
Yvette , Where is this offsite taking place ? I know you told in the meeting the other day , but I didn't write it down .
Heather , I will be at an offsite meeting today . Stacey Neuweiller will attend in my place . Leave me a voicemail if you need me to do anything . Thanks .
Look at the cc . I'm an idiot .
I extended deal 93481 for another year .
Where are these meters ? What is happening ? What have we done in the past ?
Heidi , I expect the wellhead volumes to be around 625,000 to 650,00 per day . Enron North America Corp .
You need to talk to the East desk to see if they were allocated this extra gas on the 14th and 15th . If they were , we can change the deal . If not , the pipes will need to balance out during the next flow day .
I extended 95551 .
Tom , Go ahead and increase the nom .
Thu , You need to get with Aimee and George on this .
As discussed in our 3-Rivers/King Ranch meeting , I have set up purchases from the liquids group and the other 3rd parties at HGPL mtr 0012 . Due to bridgebacks , I had to create new deal numbers for the days prior to 2/16/99 . ( I went back to Dec 1999 , in case it is needed. ) Please see the deal #s below . HPLR Liquids 114099 & 169765 ( existing deal to cover excess residue ) Mandy - I understand that you will be setting up the buy and sale with HPLR Liquids to cover the transport on HGPL . Let me know if you have any questions .
Rita and Lisa , Why don't ya'll get together and determine a range of days/times that would work for your groups to have a training session . ( Over lunch or early afternoon ) If you are interested , I would like to discuss how we operate the HPL system and the processes we go through during the trading day . To help with the discussion , I have maps which highlight the main points and areas where we transact . ( There will be a few for you to keep at the desks. ) I did this with the Logistics group . I think it went pretty well . If you want to do this , we need to allow 1.5 to 2 hours to talk about everything . Let me know .
FYI . Gas Fair is 3/14-16 .
FYI . Due to this shut-in , I have taken deal 135714 to zero for the 17th-29th . If you hear of this point coming back into service , please notify me .
We bought the gas from Koch Energy Trading ( Deal 138613) .
Done
Got your message . Jo won't have your tax figured out until we get the Langston # . But , she will be able to give you an idea soon . The curtains do look good . We are going to have to get a shade to use also , though . The sun and lights come through pretty bright . Gotta go .
Bruce , I need to hold the deliveries to 60,000 for 2/24 . I'm somewhat limited on my transport right now . I will look into the possibility of increasing the volume , though . If you can increase the deliveries at Fuels Cotton Valley , that will work . Daren
I know we transported on Midcon due to problems with the plant at the point . I am not sure about the rate .
The purchase from Swift was shown at mtr 3405 during Dec and Jan . I have created a new deal ( #204777 ) to add mtr 9643 to the deal . Deal 114096 is the purchase from HPLR Liquids . This purchase is on 138544 for Jan 2000 forward .
Brenda , I may be involved in an options training class 2/28-3/7 from 4:30-6:30 each evening . This is mandatory for the commercial guys , and Tom is trying to get me in also .
Robert , Ken developed an industrial report before he left . It can be found at o/logistics/kenseaman/industrialsmonthly/.. . There is one file for each month of 2000 . I need you to update this for March . This will need to be distributed to Gas Control , Logistics , and myself . Let me know if you have any questions .
Tom , Go ahead and make these changes in Sitara . Thanks .
Do I need to bring a pen and paper ? Is that considered "professional" ? I think it would be more impressive if you were taking my notes . Let me know what you think .
Also.. . What is the Enron dress code ? Do my clothes have to match ? I don't think I've really ever had a professional image . Do I have to shave ? I don't think I've ever been anywhere on time . This whole meeting thing is going to be difficult for me . Just thought you needed to know .
That's fine . Go ahead and change the deal if you need to .
Tom , For the EOG piece , bring the nom down to 4400 through the 7th . For the 8th forward , leave the nom as is . When we get more information next week , we can adjust as necessary . Yates - What did they produce in Jan and Feb ? Let me know that and we can decide if we want to adjust the nom . Vintage - Adjust our nom to tie with Vintage .
It's fine with me to allocate everything to Torch if they are paying for it .
Do you mean 12,000 at 6789 ? If so that's fine . Go ahead and bring the Yates down also .
I made the following industrial changes for March 3rd: Chevron decreased to 9500/day . This should remain for the rest of the month . Lyon-Citgo increased to 34,000 . This is an increase of 10,000 that will need to be rolled daily until further notice . Shell Cogen increased by 5,000 to 45,000 . This will need to be rolled daily until further notice . Let me know if you have any quesitons .
FYI
In February , 539,594 Mmbtu were allocated to the our index purchase from HPLR Liquids at King Ranch . This allocation resulted in a large physical unaccounted for loss . Effectively , the gas was being purchased twice in our systems . In addition , a sale to the Liquids group , which should have been zero , was brokered with a purchase from Swift ( 2500 Mmbtu/day) , resluting in additional gas being allocated to the HPLR Liquids purchase contract . I have attached a schedule detailing the volumes that were double booked in February . This schedule also reports the daily volumes for March which will need to be adjusted . I have calculated ( based on estimates ) that we should have only purchased about 88,000 from the Liquids group at King Ranch for February . See the following: Booked to HPLR Liquids: 539,574 18,606/day Incorrect Liquids Sale: 72,500 2,500/day Adjusted purch from Liquids: 87,986 3,034/day We usually input a purchase of 2,500 Mmbtu/day from HPLR Liquids at the tailgate . We can increase this to 3,000/day for March . The majority of gas in the 3-Rivers system is transported to the King Ranch plant through HGPL . Some of this gas is purchased at the wellhead by HPLC , some of the gas is purchased at the wellhead by HPLR Liquids , and three producers have the option to either sell their gas to HPLC at the wellhead or to process their gas and sell the residue to HPLC at the tailgate of the plant . It is very important to keep the meters and volumes allocated correctly among parties related to these transactions . The attached schedule should assist in doing this . I have reported the meters at which HPLC buys wellhead gas . The movement of this gas through HGPL and King Ranch should be kept seperate from the gas purchased by the Liquids group . A transport usage ticket can be used to show the transfer of HPLC's gas from King Ranch to HPL . Let's plan on discussing this either Friday or Monday afternoon . Let me know what works best for you .
DONE
Mtrs 616 and 2538 are shrinkage and condensate meters . Volumes are split among HPLR Liquids and HPLC , with the majority going to Liquids . Mtr 894 is a gas loss meter . Volume should be allocated to our operational ua4 contract . Mtrs 2690 and 3396 should be allocated to Liquids . You can see these allocations by viewing prior months in POPS . On Monday afternoon , Clem Cernosek will verify the above transactions and expain the split between parties at 616 and 2538 .
Cactus Swift is now ERAC: #169760 for Jan , #138094 for Feb
Let's shoot for Monday afternoon . I will get a room set up for us . Enron North America Corp .
Scott , I left a message with Vance and Melissa last night about the Base Gas Roll process . Do you have time Monday afternoon to discuss this ?
I updated deal 143709 .
Can everyone meet at 3:30 today ? Please let me know . Daren
I extended both deals .
Hey Ken , Sorry it has taken so long to get back with you , but...We've had an interesting couple of weeks here . Craig Faulbaum has taken personal some time off ( I think that this is the 4th week) . So , we have picked up his trades . Tom restructured the EOL trading . Carey has gone to Gas Daily and I have taken over the Waha trading for an interim period . ( I'm still responsible for our overall position , but Ami is watching it during trading. ) In other words , everyone on my desk is doing double duty . And , of course , Tom expects nothing to fall through the gaps ( not cracks , anymore) . He has two opening on the trading side that we ( Stacey and I ) are filling . I don't know if he has even interviewed anyone yet . I am getting very frustrated with the whole business . It doesn't see that he even appreciates the amount of time and stress we are going through to pick up his slack . Wheww...That feels a little better.. . getting some of that off my chest . Anyway , Tonya is very uncomfortable . I think that baby is going to come along any day now ( due date is still 3/18) . We are both definitely ready . The desk is really going to be in a fix when I'm out with that . That's just too bad . ( I half expect Tom to ask me to come in some . I've got a real quick answer to that. ) How are things at home ? Linda doesn't have you working too much does she ? I just bought the materials to put a sprinkler system in our front yard . If things get weak on your stock trading , I've got some trenches you can dig for extra cash ! It shouldn't be too bad , I bought a brand new sharp-shooter . ( Of course with a new shovel , I'd have to knock some off of your hourly pay. ) The grant price on the employee options is $55.50 . I hope everything is going good for you . I would like to have lunch with you sometime . I will let you know when things work out here , so that we can do that . Or...I can give you a call when I'm out for paternity leave and we can go one day then . Talk to you later .
Mike , The following attachment contains the error message I received when trying to log in to POPS . I need to get this fixed as soon as possible , since it is used to assist with our trading activities . Thanks for your help .
Hey Sweet Baby ! Can you answer this ? I love you .
We cannot extend #151203 . I created a new deal for January 200 forward Julie - Will you attach a contract .
I would like to receive the guide . My location is 3138c . Daren
It was taken care of yesterday afternoon . Thanks for your help .
Virginia , Please reserve a spot for me at the Pig Out Luncheon on 3/15 . Thank you . Daren
Please CC Stacey neuweiler and Ami Chokshi on any wellhead changes . Thanks .
Don't bother with changing the nom .
Hold off on changing the noms . Let's see how they flow over the weekend and decide on Monday or Tuesday on whether to make adjustments or not .
The bridgeback will take care of changing the volumes from the 1st .
Julie , Is the contract with Cokinos on deal 151669 valid for Feb and Mar 20000 ?
I extended the deal at mtr 6719 to include 2/10 . In the future , please run all wellhead deals through Tom Acton first . I've got a message into Julie Meyers to look into the contract at meter 9676 , and will let you know what she determines .
What have they been flowing for the past week ? Make the nom change .
got it
Drop the nom to 11,000 .
Aimee , You need to set up a transport capacity ticket in Sitara for this . Heidi Withers should be able to help you . I don't know the contract to apply to the deal . Heidi or Julie Meters may be able to help with this also .
Keep them at 12,000 in Sitara .
ATEs is incorrect . There should not be a specialist in my group .
George , Are you looking into these variances ?
This deal was done with Greg Stockard .
I have extended deal 151669 to cover mtr 9676 for Feb and Mar .
I have created deal 222844 to cover this meter . The deal ticket has zero volume . Just allocate the actuals at the end of each month .
I have created deal 223865 ( zero volumes ) to cover this name change .
Dan , ENA - Texas currently has tranport contracts on PGEV and Oasis pipelines ( listed below) . Since we are transacting as Houston Pipe Line for the majority of our trades , we need these contractsto be assigned from ENA to HPL . Or , we need to enter into new agreements as HPL . What is the process used to accomlish this ? We would like to get this set up as soon as we can . Thanks . Daren
We do not have deal to enter for this . You need to look at the entire Midtex line for each of the days that are out of balance . If we are short at Katy , I would think that we would be long at Dewville . ( Many times , our receipts from the Midtex line at Katy are offset by our deliveries to Tufco at the Tap. ) This should help you fix the January problem . Also , for December , you may need to ask PG&E where they show the delivery for Western . Is it at HPL Katy , as our records show , or is it at PGE's another point on the Midtex line ? In any case , we don't have deliveries to make . The only other remedy is to book the variance on the partnership imbalance .
The actuals should be allocated to the new ticket which has been nom'd , tracked . and balanced .
No , deal 156071 is good for days 7-29 .
We should have everything from Vance by tomorrow ( NX2) .
I don't have any expected volumes . You should use the best information you have from prior months .
Were these deals confirmed ? What are the pipes and contracts ?
unsubscribe
For April , We agree to nominate 60,000 into Eastrans . With redeliveries of: 50,000 into PG&E 7,800 into HPL at Fuels Cotton Valley 2,200 to HPL at Carthage Pricing for any additional volumes will need to be renegotiated . You may contact either myself or Stacey Neuweiler .
For volumes in excess of the 60,000 on our term agreement which were redelivered to HPL at Mobil Beaumont , we agree to pay Inside Ferc HSC-.045 for the month of March . The price at which HPL delivered the gas at Eastrans remains at Inside Ferc HSC-.04 . Daren Farmer
Don't we have an OBA at this point now ?
Is this still outstanding ? Craig is back in the office now .
The deal for March was actually #210507 . I rolled it for one day .
yes
This is Daren . Who are you ?
Are you going to nom these volumes for the rest of the month ?
This is in reference to Sitara # 228914 . Gracias , Amiga .
Steve , How are things going with this request ? FYI . The majority of deals we transact on Oasis are done as HPLC . Only sales to LCRA and term sales to Tufco are done as ENA . Thanks . Daren
Tom , Leave the noms the way they are in Sitara . These volumes are so small , there is no need to adjust anything .
No , I don't want to .
Just kidding . That would not be a problem . Do I need to give a review of our earlier Sitara training also ? Let me know what you want .
Imelda , Look on the Texas tab . I've made some comments beside the names . These adjustments are for HPLC and Texas . We no longer handel EFSC .
Mtr 1534 - I created deal 238899 for 3/2-31/00 and #238900 for Apr . Mtr 6725 - This meter is traded daily ( spot ) so , we can't extend the deal . When Elsa gets back next week , I will check with her to see if she did a deal with Encina on this day .
Mtr 1600- A deal already exists for this meter ( #159194) . If you view the meter in MOPS you can see the deal . ( It had zero volume before today. ) Mtr 6725 - This gas is traded on the spot market , so there is no deal to put in .
Please look into this .
Leave the nom as it is in Sitara .
I have created deal tickets 241558 and 241560 for July 99 - March 00 based on the info below . Due to time constraints , I have not researched pricing and volumes , I trust that the info supplied to me agrees with the contract . Robert - We need to get together tomorrow afternoon to set up April .
I rolled deal 128952 .
Have you asked Karry Kendall about this meter ?
Charlotte Hawkins should be able to help you with this .
Just leave the nom as is in Sitara . We will look at all wellheads next week .
Leave as is in Sitara .
I have created deal 244531 to cover this flow . Julie - This is actually volume related to the term deal 93804 . Volume flowed in March due to timing on changing the meter . Can you attach the term contract to this deal ? ( I copied the term deal to create the March ticket. )
March is consistent with Feb .
Charlotte , I need you to find out what's going on with this point and the transport on Channel . Apparantly , we are moving some gas on Channel from HPL #3455 to HPL #6490 . ( Deals 83084 and 83088) . Why has this occurred each month ?
Yes , you can create the deal ticket .
I will not be in the office on Friday .
Craig re-negotiated this deal , begining with April 2000 . Enron North America Corp .
Go ahead and make those changes .
I've changed the deal to 1 for the rest of this month and for May .
Yes , Who is this ?
That's fine
Mike , What is the status of the list we compiled a few months ago ? I had a few items on that list , but I can't remember the details now . Since I don't deal with Unify as much as I used to , the only thing that I can remember is: We need to add a column with the initials of the schedulers responsible for each meter .
Bob , On the Texas desk , the majority of our deals are nominated manually ( on Excel or preprinted forms) , with most of the information pulled from Sitara instead of Unify . So , these noms were not late . For a couple of 3rd party pipelines , we do use Unify . But we did not have nom changes for 5/4 . Our only problem was sending noms to HPL . Which is sending information to yourself , but it still delays the confrimation process for the pipeline . This nom was sent about 30 minutes late . Let me know if you have any questions . Daren
Shari , # of Producer Services deals in Apr: 439 existing 5 new 444 Total
You're not getting nervous are you ? How's everything going ? I've wanted to call you and maybe go to lunch , but we have been extremely busy . Hopefully things will settle down this next week and we can hook up . Enron North America Corp .
Put us down for 50 .
That's fine .
Tom , Let's leave everything as it is currently and review the meters in a couple of days to see if the increases actually occur .
That works for me . Enron North America Corp .
I have created deal 266962 for the volumes at mtr 6757 . What price is Duke reporting for the mtr 5192 volumes ? The only activity we've had out there is payback with Koch .
Cheryl , The counterparties with which ENA currently sales gas are: City of Brazoria Central Illinois Light Company D & H Gas Company , Inc . Markham Gas Merit Energy Partners Reliant Energy - Entex Reliant Energy - HL&P Southern Union Company Texas Utilities Fuel Company ( Now TXU Fuel Co ) Union Carbide Corporation Unit Gas Transmission Company Inc ENA has transacted with the other companies listed below , but that will most likely not happen again . ( HPL will trade with those counterparties. ) All ENA trades on HPL will be in Sitara . We have reports which can be generated out of CPR that can list all deals by counterparty for ENA . Let me know if you need something like that . Let me know if you have any other questions . Cheryl D King
Is this in index related price ?
done
I've created deal 269123 . The pricing below looks in correct . I have used 85% of Gas Daily , instead of Gas Daily less 85% ( That would only be 15% of Gas Daily. ) Please verify the price and let me know if we need to change the deal ticket . Daren
Mike , This is what I was talking about in our staff meeting . Let me know if you can make this .
George , Can you look into this ?
Schedule the volume under the gathering k .
Reviewers: Gary Hanks Tom Martin Elsa Villareal Ed Gottlob Pat Clynes Stacey Neuweiler Ami Chokshi HPL Logistics Group ( ? )
Christine , Attached is the Entex file I mentioned in the voice mail this morning . We really need to have these adjustments made in POPS today . Please let me know if you can help with this . Thanks . Daren
Please resort the pipeline order on the Texas/HPLC position screen in CPR . The current sort makes it difficult for us to manage our trading position each day . The arrangement ( from the top of the screen to the bottom ) that would most benefit us is listed below: Houston Pipe Line East Texas Gas System Oasis All remaining pipes listed in alphabetical order by pipe name . Please look into this and let me know of any problems in making these changes . Thanks . Daren
Thanks .
Tom , Please handle this . The deal is already out there for this time period . You will probably need to send a zero nom .
Julie , What info do you have on the Praxair deal ( #70171) ? Should this be on ENA or Cheryl D King
You may need to fax a copy of the invitation for the July trip to Tim . When I talked to him today , he hadn't seen anything . ( My fault , I turned the names in late. ) The real invitaion should be delivered to him soon .
CR and AL , We bought 8000 from Richardson ( #245410 ) at Teco - Lone Star Katy and sold it to Tufco at that point on 5/12/00 . At 3am Tufco cut us on the sale , resulting in only 6,000 flowing to Tufco for the day . We need to find out what PGE did with the remaining 2,000 we bought from Richardson . Did they deliverit to us at HPL ? Or did they cut Richardson ? Or , are they showing that we have gas stranded at that point ? Please look into this and let me know .
I will be out 6/9 on a customer trip ( San Antonio with Aquila) . I will be on vacation in July from 1st-7th .
June volumes on Tejas are attached .
Toni , Attached is the job posting for my group . Please process this as soon as possible . Thanks . Daren
The position reports to me and is budgeted .
Let's keep the current noms in the system for now . After a few days have flowed , we will look at all the wellhead volumes and adjust if needed . Enron North America Corp .
I have adjusted deal #152638 to cover the first 20 days of flow in Jan .
You need to get with the East desk on this . Were they allocated this volume on Tetco ? If so , you can adjust the deal and have the East desk approve it . If they were not allocated this flow , the volume should go on the OBA .
Bob , Go ahead and accept the nom revision . I believe that this is with PGE , not El Paso . How do the rest of our noms compare with EOG ? I f they have a higher volume at another meter than we do , I would like to increase our nom there . In effect , I want to keep our physical index position as close as possible to what we have in the system now . Enron North America Corp .
This is a estimate for UA4 , fuel , loss , and various other operational usages . This deal should be handled like the other operational tickets in the system .
Steve , I really need the Oasis and PGE transport contracts assigned to HPL by July 2000 . Currently , we are buying gas in the Waha region as HPLC . But since our transport is under ENA , we have to enter an additional transaction where HPL sales the gas to ENA at the point of purchase . ENA then transports the gas to a delivery point . If the gas is sold to another counterparty , an additional transaction between ENA and HPL must be entered at the delivery point . This causes great difficulty in balancing out the pipelines and completing the scheduling in reasonable time . Plus , it just doesn't make sense to keep the transport under ENA since we transact all other deals as HPLC . Please let me know when we can get these contracts assigned . Thanks for your help . Daren
Done .
Is putting up with a bossy , domineering assistant , who makes fun of me , considered an accomplishment ?
BH , Sorry I didn't get these to you last night . I left the office sooner than planned . This list is pretty slim . I spent much time trying to learn to trade Waha , which took a considerable amount of time away from producing reults for you . With me now concentrating on operations and with the plan to hire an additional person , this will change . Let me know if you have any questions on my list of accomplishments .
Apply deal 269123 to contract 012-27049-201 .
I can't make it . Sick kids .
I changed the dates to 1999 .
457 deals 13 New , 444 existing
Tom Engel ( Sitara ) has moved the big Entex ticket ( #117413 ) for July 2000 forward to deal #292249 . This should help some with amount of time it takes to update and bridge back this deal . He is adjusting the swap tickets also . You should probably double check these to make sure everything looks ok . The programmers are also trying to find ways to further decrease the time involved in updating the deal .
I received a call from Jill Zively about our supply at mtr 5999 . Late Friday night ( 6/9) , a portion of this gas will be delivered into Midcon instead of HPL . The nomination into HPL for the 10th through the rest of the month will be 11,300/d . Jill knew this would be happening , so they priced the deal at Gas Daily . I changed deal #278748 to reflect this change for Saturday forward . Since this is priced at Gas Daily , there will be no mark-to-market impact . We need to review the flows next week to see how much the volume changed and adjust if necessary .
I need a number where you can be reached on Friday evening . I will be getting the schedule after work on Friday and will call and let you know when and where our games will be .
This is correct . Enron North America Corp .
done
I will be there .
Nope . Enron North America Corp .
Bob , Go ahead and reduce their volume by 8 hours for that day . Enron North America Corp .
I changed the pricing on deal 157288 for the East Texas point .
Bob , Leave the nom as it is in the system . It looks like they have been delivering more than the original nom instead of less . Enron North America Corp .
The deal at mtr 8663 in April was not a spot deal . This was a Gas Daily Firm agreement under the term contract with Southern Union , deal 72349 . Enron North America Corp .
Rob , I got your name from Doug Leach . He thought that you would be the person to talk to about this . I got a call last night from Rudolph Maldonado . ( The operator forwarded him our way. ) He stated that he has some natural gas to sell in Saudi Arabia . His number is 562-866-1755 . Could you give him a call and check this out ? I told him that I would find someone that he could discuss this with . I can be reached at 3-6905 if you have any questions . Daren Farmer
Don't know .
No interest .
I would be interested in talking to Liz . Please set up an interview for me one afternoon during the next couple of weeks . Thanks .
Not interested .
Customer Trip 7/7 It's going to be so hard begin away from you on these days . I am really not looking forward to my vacation .
I extended the deal .
This deal relates to Geens Bayou only .
BH , I plan to be on vacation July 5-6 ( finally ) and on the customer trip on the 7th . While I am out , Gary Hanks will be keeping our position during trading . Stacey will be in charge of everything else . I am comfortable that everything will be covered . I will be back in town Thursday night . The primary flight for the customer trip leaves around 11:30 . Others leave at 3:30 and 5:30(?) . The latest idea we had is that Pat would take a later flight on this trip and I will take a later flight on the August trip , allowing one of us to be in the office for half the day . I can also come in for the half day on the 7th if we decide that is needed .
Please go ahead and update Sitara .
I got in trouble the last time I exposed myself .
Gary Hanks and Pat Clynes . Enron North America Corp .
The following deals have been taken to zero from 6/27/00 to 6/29/00 for the 3 Rivers outage . Flow should resume on 6/30/00 . 125808 1405 ( various points ) 137632 60 ( Various points ) Total 19,723
Beverly , Please include Carlos Rodriguez on the CES e-mails . He will be handleing the scheduling for us . Thanks .
Deal 312610 purchase at Centana Deal 312613 Sale at Rusk .
Deal 93200 covers this meter . However , we have a zero as the expected volume . You can select "always send nom" in MOPS to get this to come over in POPS .
Sitara #139066 has a max of 9500 in the flex nom . Is this correct ? Should the additional 1500 be on a swing ticket or included on the index ticket ?
We did not sale to Conoco on 5/5/00 .
When will the buybacks and swings be set up for July ? I am a little concerned with the long weekend coming up . I believe that we agreed that these would be set up by the 3rd work day , which would be Friday the 7th . ( Six days of flow. ) I definitely don't think that we should any later . It would be great if this could be handled sooner , miimizing our economic impact . Additionally , we need to get the Industrial spreadsheet up and running again . This report is very beneficial to Gas Control , industrial traders and schedulers on call . Let me know what you think .
I have rolled # 143559 through July 2000 to cover the purchase from Republic . We sell this gas to Duke Energy Field Services ( #143558 for Jan - Apr , CES-Duke Energy Field Services , Inc )  . The counterparty on this deal has been suspeneded , so I created # 316727 under the counterparty of Duke Energy Field Services Marketing , LLC . Hillary - Please extend the CES-Duke counterparty or attach the correct Duke counterparty to this deal . If you have any questions , let me know .
Gary , Does the workhseet mentioned below assist you with the monthly operations related to the industrial customers ?
Can you set up a GTC with Duke Energy Field Services,Inc . for May -July 2000 ?
Bob , Update our nom in Sitara to agree with their's . Enron North America Corp .
During June , Coral transacted on EOL . However , they selected a July thru October deal by mistake . The marketer immediately called the desk and we agreed to let them out of the deal , which resulted in the creation of a second deal in EOL . Coral is not reporting anything on the deal , since it was unwound . But , since EOL deals are automatically processed and are firm transactions , we cannot kill the deal on our side , even though they net to zero volume and price . Logistics will be brokering the transactions in MOPS . Please be sure that Coral is not invoiced or paid on these deals . Again , they will not have a record of the deals . The Sitara deals are: 287946 and 288653 . Let me know if you have any questions .
You need to discuss this with the East Desk . See if Tetco allocated the vol to their contract .
I recevied a note from Janet Wallis stating that we need Gas Daily deals for imbalances at Colorado River Station ( Mtr 8663 ) for Nov 99 and Mar 00 . I changed the pricing on the term deal 72349 to Gas Daily + . 199 to cover these flows . HC - Please have someone allocate the needed volumes to this deal ticket for these two months , and let Katherine know when completed . Let me know if you have any questions .
458 deals 6 new , 452 existing
Deal 77352 is already out there for June .
Hillary , Can we extend deal 77352 for the rest of the year ? I tried to do this , but I got the message to add a contract . This deal is set up in case GSF needs compressor fuel and should roll each month . However , there is no line for July .
Done .
Esther , Gary asked me to send this info to you for the business trip that I've invited him on . Enron employees will be leaving at 11:30am on Continental flight #1668 from Bush Intercontinental on Friday 8/4/00 . The return flight from Tampa will be Continental #1663 leaving Tampa at 3:20 pm on Sunday , arriving in Houston at 4:29pm . I believe that there are a couple of later flights on Friday ( around 1:30 and 3:30 ) if Gary needs to come in for a part of the day . I will probably have to catch one of the later ones , but Gary is welcome to go whenever he likes . If you have any questions , give me a call @ 36905 . Daren
I created a new deal to capture this flow . #333712 I also created a deal for July , #333718 .
In order to account for the same day change at Katy , please schedule the following deals for 7/24/00 only: At Exxon Katy ( Mtr 4132): Allocate -0- to deal 284599 Allocated 4,500 to deal 339604 At Lone Star Katy ( Mtr 67): Allocate 5,000 to deal 341801(new deal ) Allocate 5,500 to deal 341808 ( new deal ) Please remember that EOL deals are firm . This means that we can't change the location , volume , or price on these deals . If questions arise around an EOL deal , please make sure that your audience ( traders , myself , etc. ) knows that your are discussing an EOL trade . Let me know if you have any questions .
I'll be there .
Nicole , The correct price is 4.50 . I changed the deal ticket .
Finney , Congratulations on the new baby ! Are you sure you picked up the right one at the hospital ? She is too cute to have anything to do with you . Hope everybody is doing good and ya'll are getting at least a little sleep . Daren
Mary , Please get with some one in measurement to check the flows at the meter . I am thinking that the measurement must be incorrect . In POPS , the estimates vs acutals look odd . The gas that was coming to us in June , is going to Koch in July , so we should not be receiving anything .
See registration form below .
We didn't buy anything from Pan Energy at Centana Mobil until April the 3rd . So , we shouldn't pay for this gas .
Dave , This should explain the variance with Lubrizol . We did not get this info. , so Sitara was not adjusted .
Name Tags: Daren Farmer Tonya Farmer
I'll be there . I mean it this time . Really .
Bob and Mary , Please talk to Vance Taylor about this . Daren
The term contract with Four Square attached to deal #138049 has been terminated . Therefore , we need to take that deal to zero for August 2000 forward . Additionally , we entered into a base load ( August only ) deal to purchase the gas from Four Star at mtr 6599 ( #348446) . The 1,500/day should be schueduled on this deal . Let me know if you have any questions .
FYI
I have had the following problems with the recruiting process recently: 1 ) After leaving Toni a message stating that I wanted to offer a postion to Liz Bellamy , additional interviews were being set up for other groups to interview her . Liz had shown up on Dave Baumbach's schedule 2 or 3 times , even after his manager , Steve Venturatos , interviewed her for me . Pat Clynes fond that this was happening while I was out of the office and immediately called Toni to get it straightened out . Toni called me at home , which is good , but whe was not logged into the system , so she was not prepared to discuss information with me . 2 ) At first , Toni was not very responsive to colls/voice mails . This has improved over the last week . She has called me a couple of times awaiting my decision on salary concerns . So , I think that she is trying to stay on top of this now . Otherwise , I have had limited intreraciton with recruiting .
The measurements: 38x66 with fold-out leaf The wood is pretty dark . I have a couple of pictures at EB 3211F if you want to see them .
I'm already schedule for another meeting from 1-2:30 on Thurs . I am open after that .
Mary , These are transport related tickets . Is this something that your group would look into ?
Test reply .
An adjustment is required on the Tufco contract for July 2000 . The volume for the 23rd was overstated by 5,000 . This resulted in revisions on the 23rd and 28th . Please see the attached Tufco . If you have any questions , give me a call @ 36905 .
John , I need information on the following questions related to Cornhusker: 1 ) I understand that we will be handling the invoicing and settlements of the supply , transport , and sales contracts . Who will be handling the financiol accounting and reporting for these deals ? 2 ) Is someone in Legal currently assigning the contracts to ENA ? 3 ) What is the name of the company purchasing the supply/fuel at the plant ? 4 ) Tenaska told us that we are supposed to be paying the suppliers and the pipeline for July and August activity . Is this true ? I thought we weren't taking responsibility for this until September business . We are not prepared to pay the suppliers for July . 5 ) Should these deals be in an accrual or MTM book ? Thanks . Daren
Is this single or double elimination ?
These have been sold .
I'm working hard for you ! Now at 83.5 . I need a new lawnmower , so I'll try to bump it up a little more . Hope you're doing good .
Melissa , I show that we also had 20.000 at LS HPL for the 13th . Daren
The new fixed price deal with Equistar is #365013 .
Just a little explanation on what you're seeing . We have a swing deal at this point with Equistar , which allows them to take excess volumes over the base nom . We have been estimating the overtakes each day at 15 , 000 . However , because of limitations of the scheduling system , we can't nom the volumes estimated on the swing deal . So , Equistar is within their rights and I am monitoring their activity , but the nom versus actual doesn't reflect this . This occurs with a few of our industrial points . Enron North America Corp .
I'll be there .
Which direction should I go on 610 ?
This transport ticket should have been entered under ENA , instead of HPL . However , the pathing in Unify is correct . HPL sold 30,000 on th 15th to ENA , who then transported it to mtr 628 on Oasis for . 015 . Daren Enron North America Corp .
I will play again , but not on Wednesday nights . Any other night is fine .
I rolled ceal 329242 for Aug 1 .
No , we have transported on Tejas a few times this year also ( on and off) . Carlos should be able to tell you when .
Who does Lone Star show as the transporter on their side , if anyone ? Do we have an OBA at this point ?
Melissa , Lone Star is showing the LS HPL LSK IC at zero for 7/24 . We have it in as 2,500 , as you do in this e-mail . Please look into your Lone Star transport on this date and let me know what you find . Thanks .
I am calculating that only 44,374 should be applied to the HPLR IFERC contract at the Tap to finish the obligation for the month .
These deals should be converted to ENA-IM Texas . Is there a way that you can change all of these deals systematically ?
Please see the attached Tufco file for July . The 2,500 under the Wagner Brown contract on the 24th has been zeroed out ( no flow at LS Katy for that day) . This resulted in a change between contracts/deals on the 31st also . Let me know if you have any questions .
Jackie , What does MOPS show for the days in question ? It would be incorrect to add any days to the Adonis ticket mentioned below . It sounds as if the meter was allocated incorrectly in POPS and/or a deal was not pathed correctly in MOPS . Let me know what you find in MOPS .
Lee , FYI . Enron Methanol has been taking about 5,000 swing each day for August . So , I added 5,000 for September ( #139057 @ GD ) in addition to the 34,000 they
You may want to come to this meeting . When we met with Bob Hall the other dayon OA , I mentioned that you and I should probably be included in the monthly meeting so that we would have an idea of any problems that were occurring each month . If you have something else going on , don't worry about being there . I'll relay the info to you .
I show that we adjusted pricing for excess volumes for the following dates: Mar 11-31 15,000/day delivered to Mobil Beaumont at IF HSC - . 045 April 5-19 15,000/day delivered to Mobil Beaumont at IF HSC - . 055 . An outage occurred on the 5th , so the deliveries to Mobil didn't acutally start until the 12th . If you need anything else , let me know . Daren
Katherine , There are 2 ways that I can enter this fee into Sitara: 1 ) I can put the dollar amount in on day 1 as a demand or facility fee . 2 ) I need you to give me volume(s ) and a price to input into the deal . I can't just input a dollar amount in Sitara . Let me know how you want to handle it .
See Below in Blue . Thanks for your help .
I do not have Access on my system .
I corrected the deal . The price should be Waha Index +.01 .
Done .
I rolled deal 331917 .
10,000 should be allocated to Adonis #51862 on the 5th only . Nothing should be allocated or confirmed for Adonis on the 16th . Additionally , it looks like 5000 was confirmed as a receipt from Mitchell ( Track ID 3167 ) on the 16th . This should be -0- also . By taking the conf/allocation for Adonis ( Track ID 6155 ) and Mitchell ( Track ID 3167 ) to zero on the 16th , the meter balance remains the same and the bridge errors will be cleared .
Marlene , After discussions with the desk , we have decided to keep the Oasis contracts under ENA . So , we don't need to sign the contracts you sent earlier . Let me know if you have any questions .
You must've had a rough weekend . I haven't seen this many screwed up e-mails from you in a while . Or...is that 110 degree heat finally taking it's toll ?
Marlene , Stacey put the contracts in intercompany mail before I got this notice . Sorry . Send them to us again and we will get them signed and returned quickly .
Robert , There are three buy back tickets in Sitara for Equistar at mtr 1373 . Two for HPL and one under ENA . Shouldn't we have only one buyback for each company ? Also , how do you have the meter set up to allocate between the ENA contract and HPL contract ?
Russ , I would like for the following people from the Texas region to attend: Liz Bellamy Mary Poorman Susan Hadix Tom Acton Mark McCoy Eddie Janzen Let me know if this group is too large and move some to a later date . Thanks .
done .
CR , Can you get with Duke and see if this gas should have been at Centana into Mobil instead of HPL ?
Pat , I think that we should probably send the newest people to the first training . What do you think ? Liz , Susan , Mary , Sabrae ?
Russ , We will send Liz , Mary , Susan , and Sabrae to this training . Thanks .
Due to the lack of space for the Sitara training , only 4 people can attend from Texas . I think that it would be most beneficial if the newest members of the group attended this first meeting ( Liz , Mary , Susan , and Sabrae) . Russ will set up another session at a future date for others ( Tom , Eddie , Mark) . Let me know if you have any questions .
Mary , You can roll this if you need to . I usually leave it up to logistics to update the trans usage tickets like this .
Julie , Please review deal 133010 . The deal shows evergreen , but nothing rolled to September .
Thanks .
Julie , In Sitara , the following purchases expire with no evergreen flag . Please let me know if this is correct for these contracts . Deal 113858 - Teco Gas Processing expires 12/31/00
Well , folks , the Cleburne deal has started . The deal has not been finalized through legal . However , we were able to "get between" a few deals and make some money before we finalized it . The Cleburne plant was down 7/31-8/7 and 8/31 . On these dates , we bought gas from Tenaska IV Texas Partners and sold to ANP and Tenaska Marketing . Because things were not set up , I could not enter the deals until now . Please review the following deals and settle with the customers . Buy from Tenaska IV July 399763 Aug 399773 Sell to Tenaska Marketing July 399791 Aug 399797 Sell to ANP Aug 399814 The trading desk these are on is "ENA-IM Cleburne" . Kris - I have forwarded invoices from Tenaska IV to you via intercompany mail . ( I received both invoices this week ) I am sure there are questions , just give me a call . Tanks .
I will be there .
FYI . The research group keeps a web page updated with the latest weather info .
Kris , Please forward this to the appropriate person . We are buying gas from Duke at the Trevino Plant on Gulf Energy ( Tejas ) Pipeline . This is a purchase that we obtained with the CES deal . Duke ( Laura Bates ) has called , saying that they have not received payment in 4 or 5 months . The deal in Sitara is #145125 . Please look into this and let me know where we stand . Thanks .
Diane , I apologize for getting this to you so late . I should have no staffing additions next year . Staff Manager 1 Sr . 2 Average to High Training Both Seniors should attend 1 personal enrichment class ( Effective Communication ) and 1 Technical class . I think that everything else should roll for next year . Let me know what else I need to give you .
FYI . I will be out of the office tomorrow , 9/19/00 , for jury duty . Please contact Stacey Neuweiler ( 3952 ) or Liz Bellamy ( 6029 ) if you need anything .
Well , I got selected . The judge estimated that we would probably be there through Friday . I will be in the office each morning until 9:15 and may return some evenings . If you need anything , you can leave me a voice mail or call Liz and Stacey .
Please read the message below . What do you think about increasing the fee ?
The Cleburne Plant will be down for an outage during the following time period: 9/25-10/4 entire day So , we will have about 45,000/day to sell . The supply costs are $2.777 for
We created deal 229758 a while back to correct this . You will need to get Vol Mgmt to reallocate volumes from #157288 to this deal to close it out .
FYI HSC-.0825 is the correct price , based on the final agreement . I have corrected the deal in Sitara .
Done .
I have rolled or input the following deals for October . So , I am showing that the only deals we have outstanding for Oct are: Julie - Please check these deals for the correct contract/terms . Also , please look into Heatherlock . Vance is noming gas for this deal . However , the deal ticket does not have an evergreen flag . When I tried to roll another month , I got a message that another contract was needed . Thanks .
Please adjust the deals in Sitara to reflect this change .
Mark , It looks like we will probably take over the Cornhusker deal in October . So , I need you to get the following information for Lone Star , Williams , and Apache: Contact Name Phone # Fax # Mailing address We will be sending notices to these parties indicating our agency agreement with the plant ( Tenaska IV Texas Partners Ltd. ) Additionally , we will need this information from the plant manager . Please gather this information as soon as you can from Nancy Stivers . Thanks .
I have entered the following deals into Sitara for October: Camden Resources Inc . @ mtr 9858 , 3000/day #420113 ( This counterparty is not currently in the system ) These deals have not been finalized as of yet . But , I have entered them to assist us with managing our postion and scheduling the pipe . Let me know if you have any quesitons .
Melissa , It would help us considerably if Vance would include the prices for new deals in the monthly nom . In order to manage our postion and schedule the gas , we need to put the deals into Sitara . We will enter spot deals with the info Vance gives us . When the deals are ticketed , the risk group will adjust Sitara with the finalized terms . Thanks for your help . Enron North America Corp .
Please see below .
ENA Contact Daren Farmer
FYI
I rolled this deal for day one in October only . Bob - Please check with Vance on this deal . Has it terminated or should it roll for October . I don't think that Vance nom'd anything .
These are not spot deals . PanEnergy did not receive gas on the exchange . However , they did deliver gas to us at Cotton Valley . According to the contract , when volumes are overdelivered , HPL buys the gas at GD-.10 . So , in order to correctly estimate our economics , I changed the price on the delivery to reflect how the deal will settle . This occurred in August and September . Any spot deals will be on seperate tickets . Days 5 & 6 , as well as 9-31 should be settled as if the exchange was in place . ( PanEnergy overdelivered about 7,800 per day , which we buy at Gas Daily -.10 ) Enron North America Corp .
I have no idea why payment would be suspended . I don't remember having any problems with Ocean Energy . Sorry .
Done . I could not seperate the excess charge and cashout charges under the demand expense . They are combined on the ticket . Enron North America Corp .
I fixed it . Enron North America Corp .
Megan , I have made these adjustments . HOwever , I would like for you to double check August . We knew that Pan Energy would be over delivering at Cotten Valley for 8/9/00 through the end of the month . So I changed the pricing on the deal to the GD-.10 settlement price for that time period . Enron North America Corp .
I had problems in getting the newest version of Access . So , please see the attachement below related to the OPM Hours Survey .
Carlos , Can yuou get with Rebecca on this ? It seems like we took care of this earlier .
Suzanne , I was out last week , so I am just now getting back with you . We primarliy served the Texas Desk commercial team , with about 10% of time spent on Producer Services . The non routine activity should be allocated to the Texas Desk .
FYI . Forward the info to me for anyone you want to send cards to .
Heather , I will have my group gather the names and I will forward them to you . When do you need everything ?
The price should be 3.56 . There had been alot of price and volume discussions for this gas day and 8/1/00 . I checked the notes and found that we actually settled at 3.56 instead of 3.58 .
Since Koch has told you that they sold the properties to Duke , I would say that Duke should be paying us for the gas . I had heard that Koch sold the properties to another counterparty , but I wasn't sure to whom . I either talked or left a message with someone in the settlements area about two months ago about this after Koch informed the trader that they should not be getting the invoices . However , I never heard back from anyone . This is related to the CES acquisition which came online the first of this year . The deal info we had at the time had this sale booked to Koch . I can change the tickets in Sitara to the Duke counterparty ( or create new tickets ) today if you need me to , so that we can get the invoice out the door . You will still need to coordinate with the contract group in getting the correct contract in place for the deal .
Sandi , Sorry for just now getting back with you . I was out last week . The rate ( $.04/mmbtu ) will be charged on the greater of the volumes nominated on the supply contracts or the actual deliveries to the plant . The fee will be adjusted yearly based on CPI . Bob - I could not remember if we stated the type of settlement on the delivered volumes ( actuals or nominations) . I think we should use actuals due to possibility that the plant could over pull with out our knowledge on a daily basis . We would receive the estimates/actuals on a lag and may have to purchase gas to offset the imbalance , even though the plant kept the noms at the 45,000 base . I also think that if the plant does increase the nom , they are more likely to pull the additional volume rather than pulling less . Do you agree with this ?
Megan , For 8/1/00 , allocate the receipt of gas a Cotton Valley to the exchange deal . Since we did not deliver anything to them on that day , the settlement will occur at GD-.10 . Originally , we were working on a spot deal for this day . Then , after the fact , we agreed to let the deal fall out under the exchagne deal . I apparantly forgot to change the deal ticket . For the weekend of 8/5 , we need to prorate the gas over the weekend . Due to operational issues , we agreed to receive gas all weekend and batch the deliveries on Monday . I apologize for not getting this info to you earlier . Enron North America Corp .
Sandi , The exisiting contracts on Lone Star are sufficient to cover deliveries to the plant ( 95,000 Mmbtu maximum daily quantity) . In the event that we have to transport excess gas to alternate locations , we will be using an ENA transport agreement and charging the expense back to Tenaska IV .
I created deal #439909 for August . Jeff - I am assuming that the price for August is Gas Daily . Currently , we have the September deal priced at Gas Daily also . Since this was flowing on the first , should the price be at Inside Ferc HSC for September ?
Has this been resolved ?
JM , The message below is related to deal #138094 . According to Joan , October is the last month for this deal . However , the evergreen flag is activated in Sitara and a new line has been created for November . Can you look into this please ?
Consumer Price Index
I have created two new deals in Sitara . You will need to get with someone in Volume Management to reallocate volumes from the old tickets to the new deals for Jan-Sep . The Logistics group will be able to adjust October forward . Deal #s: Let me know if you have any questions .
done Enron North America Corp .
You're right . I have corrected the ticket .
JM , Is the contract for this deal still valid ? I want to roll the deal for Sep and Oct .
FYI . I changed the pricing on the September deal ( #386540 ) to IF HSC-.05 from HSC
Another national crown . . . It must be nice . We have to keep referring back to our one and only in 1935 . But , we will never forget it ! I am looking forward to the 28th . Tonya and I are going to the Aggie/K-state game . We'll see how that goes . Looks like your corn boys will be playing OU that weekend . That should be a good battle . OU also has a week off to get ready for you . ( I think they should be rated #2) . Things are going ok here . I can't remember if we've talked about the sale of HPL . That is getting closer to happening . I am hoping it does . I'm ready to go on to something else , and that would make it much easier . Ami Chokshi decided that she would leave the co . this week . She is heading of to San Fran . No job or any specific plans yet , but it's always something whe has wanted to do . It would be nice to be able to pick up and do something like that . How's everything else going for you and the family . We are all doing pretty good . I actually took last week off . The only plans I had were to spend time with the family . It was great ! It really drove the point home that I need to stop letting people/things around here set my proiorities . Anyway , would you be able to come down for lunch on Friday ? I'm sure it's been a while since you've had your Treebeard's . Let me know . Sorry I haven't talked to you much . I'm going to end up losing all my friends if I don't change my ways .
Why don't you come to the office around 11:00 . ( I'll be trading Waha until 10:30 or so. ) You can come up and say "hi" to everyone . Or , we can just meet in the lobby and walk over .
We have adjusted Suemar in Sitara . And will probably adjust it again in a few days . Since we bridge back estimates daily , the production at the Berryman well has been adjusted in the economics . So , this will not have an impact on UA4 .
Lee , On deal 413447 ( Chevron @ Olefins) , we have a flex nom of 6,000 to 12,000/day . Is this a monthly nom or daily nom ? Will we have a swing deal with them for the winter ? The current swing deal is for Oct only . For Oct , they have pulled an average of 16,000/day .
We are on the 32nd floor now ( Thru the glass door and turn right) , if your badge still works . Or , give me a call from the Lobby and I'll come get you . Would you like me to invite anyone else to go with us ( Carlos , Lauri , etc) ? It doesn't matter to me .
Robert will be coming too . He said that he will be buying your lunch , since you wouldn't accept his x-mas present last year . Just kidding .
FYI . You may want to check with someone to see if this will affect you this weekend .
Susan , Are you clear on what you need to do with this ?
PW , HPL's spot and base purchases by zone for April 2000 are reported in the attached file . Let me know if you have any questions .
I created #454057 for the flow at Mtr 5192 . Canny Conner is looking into mtr 6387 . I will let you know when he determines what we will be doing .
Hey , Dwight . Everything is going fine here . Thanks for your message . I'm feeling pretty confident with how things are going . I have received very positive feedback from my manager and my employees . I have learned much from you , especially related to communication: recognizing the different types of people , different ways to communicate . And , I appreciate the time you've spent with me . However , I would like to discontinue our sessions for the time being . When I'm in need of some "managing expertise" in the future , I will give you a call . Again , thanks for working with me . Daren
Mike , Based on the screen today and current spreads , we may be able to market the excess volumes ( in the Waha region ) at the following levels for 2001: Jan 4.65 Feb 4.47 Mar 4.26 Apr 4.04 May 3.97 Jun 3.96 Jul 3.96 Aug 3.95 Oct 3.96 Nov 4.06 Dec 4.17 Of course , these are only forecasts and are very volatile . If you need anything else , or have any questions , let me know . Daren
I have adjusted deals 436187 and 413538 .
Password is now cole1jake .
Deal 386264 has a start date of 9/1/00 .
JM , Can you extend the contrtact on deal 138605 thru 10/2/00 ? 
This should be allocated to the liquids group's transport .
Come by anytime today . I've already made the check out . I will be leaving early today ( sick kids and wife at home) , but I will leave the check and tickets on my desk .
Jackie , Please get with the East Desk on this . If they agree , we can roll the deal .
Stace , Please look into your notes . You entered deal 214948 each day for the purchases at this meter for the month . The 12th and 13th are ok in Sitara . However , there is nothing for the 15th and 16th .
Sorry about this , Victor . I didn't even pay attention to the date . I was thinking this was October business . We will definitely be able to do somthing with this on our side and not involve the East Desk . Enron North America Corp .
Jackie , I didn't pay any attention to the date on this message . We should be able to handle this on our side with out involving the East Desk . If the OBA can be used , apply the volume there . If nothing else , we can write it off .
Charlene , Deal #214948 already had volume and price for the 12th and 13th . You may need to have the volumes updated by Volume Management . I added the 15th and 16th to the deal ticket .
Liz , Please look into this .
Please move my group from Risk to Logisitcs . Enron North America Corp .
I don't know what PC 12667 is . But , in the attached spreadsheet , my cost center is grouped with Risk Management . I now report to Bob Hall , so CC 105633 should be reported with the other Logistics groups .
Liz - I would like for you to attend also . Stace - You can decide if you want to come or not .
LA , Can you look into the Transport piece ? We need similar numbers for Sep 2000 .
For this meeting , I will need a laptop and a projector in the conference room . Can you take care of getting this for me ?
You can charge it to mine .
Patrick , The attached file contains the base and spot purchases by zone on HPL for September 2000 . Let me know if you have any questions .
The deal with Oxy Vinyls ( #276478 ) will covers the volume for all of October . We had zero in the system after the 6th because the plant was down . The deal should have been nom'd at zero on these days .
I rolled deal 418382 for Nov 1st .
done Enron North America Corp .
I have created the following operational tickets to cover the Big Sandy UA4 and fuel ( 1/99-12/00): Receipt 475647 Delivery 475648 Settlements with Teco should be booked to the existing deals: HPL Purchase Let me know if you have any questions .
The notice should be given on Monday , the 20th by 5:00 pm .
Why couldn't they figure this out ?
I think I hate football too . 4th and goal on the 3 yard line , to win the game , and RC decides to change his lifelong coaching strategy from run , run , run , to pass the ball . Why not Ja'mar? ? The guy who carried 3 defenders into the end zone earlier . Anyway , we beat the spread and I got $20 from your friend Mary . So things are not all bad . How did the Corn boys lose ? If I would have known about it on Saturday , I would have called to console you and the family . Maybe it's time to just turn our attention to the NBA and leave this heartache behind .
Why is there a different deal ? And what is the price ?
This has been corrected . A transport usage ticket should have been used , instead of a desk to desk . Enron Capital Management
I added these days to #483894 .
Rolled deal 454057 to cover flow at mtr 5192 .
Charlene , We should not have scheduled any volume for the 29-30th . No price was negotiated that I can find . However , since gas did flow , I rolled the last price on the deal to cover those days . What price is Hesco showing ?
The old swing deals should not be used for October . Please have Volume Management allocate any volumes on the old deals to the new deals . Enron North America Corp .
JM , Is the contract on 461059 good for Nov ?
I changed the price to 2.85 . With the changes in personnel on the desk , we don't have a lot of info to dispute their price . It's not cost beneficial to do so anyway .
Fred , Please look at the attached file below . Can you give me the October volumes for these meters ?
Hey , AC ! How are things going for you ? Liking your new freedom , wild girl ? I hope your having fun . I'm sure missing you on Entex . I'm already feeling the heat from TM . With the cold spell and the change in weather forecasts , I have to re-evaluate Entex everyday . But , that's the way it always is over here . I've been meaning to e-mail you , but I always remember after I leave the office . Anyway , let me know how it's going . Later ,
Done . FYI . Due to scheduling concerns and contract language , I changed the delivery point on this deal to Eastrans pipeline , instead of HPL . This should clean up the allocations for this area . Also , beginning on Nov 15th , we cut the swap to zero , and I purchased the gas at Cotton Valley under a spot agreement ( #484935) . Let me know if you have any questions . Enron North America Corp .
The buy and sale should net out , nothing to be billed to paid to TGLO . The volumes should be the same on both sides . Whoever backs up Tom should reallocate in POPS to make this happen . We had to show a buy/sale in order to schedule the delivery to TGLO on a third party pipe .
I extended deal 461059 for the rest of October .
Thanks for the info . I appreciated the call the other day . It really helps me out to recieve info early like that .
Gary thinks that we will not have any problems with this .
This is the course . The 7th is fine . I also have Brandy looking into the tuition reimbursement deal . Apparantly , the person she needs to talk to is out of the office .
For October , Tenaska IV should be paying us . We bought gas from Apache and Williams on Lone Star Pipeline . We sold that gas to Tenaska IV when the Cleburne plant was operating . On days the plant was not operating , we sold that gas to other counterparties ( the sales on Lone Star you see for ENA) . For September , we may need to pay them an amount , but I need to check into that . With the way this deal has been in the structuring process over a couple of months , there are some questions on how to handle Sep . I'll let you know what I determine about Sep . Enron North America Corp .
If you need it , I've got a contract brief that lists the transport cost and fuel from each location ( there numerous receipt points) . It is possible that we may need to purchase extra gas for the plant on occasion . In that case , we can use the same transport contract on Lone Star and transport on other pipes also . Any expense we incur to deliver gas to the plant will be passed on to the plant . If you have any questions , let me know .
You've got to love idiotic calls , don't you ? An onside kick after you've won the game ? What was Barnett thinking ? I don't think I'll ever watch another Aggie football game...ohh , the misery . I can't handle the emotional rollar coastar . Anyway , How was Thanksgiving ? Did you make your trip out to pick up the 15 ft christmas tree ? Or was it bigger this year ? We made the journey to Tuscaloosa . The trip wasn't too bad . That TV/VCR is a lifesaver . I ate way too much , but it sure was good . Hope everthing's going good for you and the family .
Any processing is handled by Devon . ENA is buying the residue gas at the tailgate of the plant .
We need to have all the links and the spreadsheets updated by the 3rd workday of December ( 12/5) .
9/30 #420864 ( This deal is under Samedan ) Are there any other days on the invoices ?
MP , Apply that volume to the Cannon Storage deal . The meter is already on the ticket for that time period .
Apply this volume to deal 101303 . The point is on the ticket , but nothing was nom'd that day .
Buy Apache #384247 Buy Williams 384237 Trans Capacity Lone Star 452491&452475 Spot sales will be on various tickets throughout each month . Deals are under the Cleburne Intramamonth Position in Sitara .
Megan , I have created deal 514353 to capture the $.04 agency fee for the Tenaska deal . This deal will have zero volume and zero commodity price with a demand charge of $.04 on 45,000/day . Since there is no volume , Mark McCoy will be scheduling this deal as a zero nom . Hopefully , this will allow the demand charge to flow through the system . Let me know if you don't see this happening . For Sep and Oct , you will need to get someone in Volume Management to create an accounting arrangement for this deal ( pathed to the imbalance pool) . When actuals come in , you can give me the volumes and I will change the demand charge . I took the demand charge off of the sale ticket ( #384258) .
That's not Cole and Jake , Baby... . Do you know what our kids look like ?
Mike , You can come down anytime . The mornings will be the best time to learn , but you can spend as much time as you want . Since things are so crazy , I may not be able to answer all of your questions immediately , but can answer them later . I will probably be on vacation next Mon and Fri . You can start with me tomorrow or next Tuesday , it's up to you . We usually start trading around 8:30 . We usually start the day at 7:30 with the Gas Control and Weather meeting .
You need to speak with Reps from Exxon and Highland . Ask them about their Lone Star transport allocation . They had to transport the gas on Lone Star to sell to us . So , Lone Star should have given them an allocation on their transport deliveries at that point ( or their supplier's contracts ) to match the sale volume . Adjust our purchase amount from each party based on the transport allocation .
We're working on it . We have had alot of issues with the colder weather . I will let you know as soon as we get Oct in . I adjusted #514353 , so hopefully the demand will come through better . Enron North America Corp .
that's fine
Never used it .
I think Mark got everything in last night . You may have to have Vol Mgmt send things through . Look into it and let me know how it looks . I will probably be out of the office on Monday , returning on Tuesday .
Attached is the preliminary agency agreement related to the Cleburne Plant . This is strictly confidential , so please do not pass this info on to others . I will let you know when we have finalized the contract and send you a copy .
Hey , Ken . Wouldn't this be great ? It's a little hard to read , but that's the way I got it .
Hey , Ken . Thought you would like this . It's a little hard to read , but that's the way I received it .
I have rolled the Hilcorp deal . I will get Gary to look into the Williams deal .
Gary , The deal with Williams Terminals expired in Oct . However , about 3,800 flowed for Nov . Do you need to renegotiate this deal for Nov . Or , do we roll it under the terminated k ? What do think about Dec ?
What was going on in Feb ?
cpr: jungle pops: daren unify: jungle
I created # 529824 for Nov and Dec .
In most cases , ENA will be a net buyer from Tenaska IV for activity related to the Cleburne plant . However , for October 2000 , the plant was down the majority of the month and ENA sold off the supply , resulting in ENA owing money to Tenaska IV . I have created deal 529856 with a demand of $1,798,389.73 , which is the calculated amount of income on the Cleburne desk . ( Please see the attached schedule. ) We need to pass this income on to Tenaska IV . Do we need to pay this amount ( wire from ENA to Tenaska IV ) or is there another way to do this ? This is the case for October 2000 and could possibly happen again in the future . Greg , Troy , Jim - Please let me know what you think about settling this . Megan - Don't pay the amount until we here from the Greg , Troy and Jim . Also , make sure that we have received dollars from the spot sales before we reimburse Tenaska IV .
possibly friday . I will take Mon the 18th off also .
HOw much does that cost ? I mayh run it through Tom's RC .
We should not be paying Tenaska's Lone Star transport for Sep . That should be paid by Tenaska IV . We took over the payments with October production .
I'm cool with it .
I moved the Cannon sale volumes from #170335 to #529753 effective 12/14/00 . You will need to re-nom #529753 for all prior days at zero and then allocate volumes at each meter from the old deal to the new deal . Let me know if you have any questions .
Tonya and I will be there .
With PMA's , volumes can be adjusted through the system as usual and I can adjust the demand fee on the Sitara ticket . I am not able to follow your ua4 calculation . However , there was imbalance payback that occurred throughout September and October . ( This should have been pathed to the Lone Star transport k in Unify) . Is this in that ua4 number ? Williams had been trying to make up volumes from prior periods , so that's probably why their volume came in greater than booked . ( Much of their gas is from El Paso and volumes vary each day from scheduled. ) The volumes that they were trying to make up would go toward the transport imbalance also . I would think that Cleburne will carry an imbalance on Lone Star from month to month . After Novemeber , the imbalance should be fairly small . Our scheduler , Mark McCoy will have that number . ( When we took over this deal , the imbalance on Lone Star was very large . When the plant went down in Sep , we decided to payback the imbalance then , so that we could take advantage of higher winter sales prices if the opportunity came up. ) The agreement does not specifically state anything about ua4 . But , I will discuss that with Legal . The intent is for all costs , including ua4 and fuel , to be covered by Tenaska IV . I will be leaving at 1pm today and will return on Tuesday 12/19 . We can get together then if you would like .
I can meet on Friday from 12:00-2:00 or Wednesday anytime after 1:00pm . Wednesday would be the best for me since we will be into bidweek on Friday . But , I will make it work .
Hey , Ken . Well , the folks are fine . But , they have a few friends who lost just about everthing . In fact , one family found only a couple of boxes of salvagable(? ) items from their home ( only one family picture ) .  I understand that alot of homes were reduced to rubble with very little left to save . It was very bad . What made it worse was the freezing weather coming in . When we talked to Tonya's parents , they were really in shock of bad it was . Have you been battling those Christmas mobs ? I took friday and Monday off and tried my luck at it . I didn't last too long . It doesn't seem right to be cussing everyone out at Christmas...I think I hate people now...I think I'm becoming a scrooge . Well , I hope ya'll are doing good and staying in the Christmas mood . Cole is excited about Christmas ( wants more Hot Wheels and monster trucks) . Jake doesn't have the foggiest idea what's going on except that he wants to rip every ornament off of the tree and eat it . We've told him "no" so much that he shakes his head back and forth and smiles while he's grabbing for one . He is a handful . Jake has also started taking steps . He just turned 9 months old this month . That's a little over a month earlier than Cole started taking steps . Anyway , I need to go .
I have tried to approve this a few times , but it does not appear to work . What is the process to approve this in the system ? Daren
Esther , Please add me to your First Delivery distribution . Thanks .
I tried to approve this a couple of times , so it should be taken care of .
Aimee , I have updated deal 15765 in Sitara for this change effective today .
This gas should be allocated to deal 70499 ( Unit Gas Transmission) . That point is already on the ticket ( under ENA) .
We should probably take this deal to zero . Carlos - Please check with measurement to determine if this volume is correct . We may have some bad information feeding through .
FYI .
This volume should be allocated to deal 138642 for Jan . The meter has always been on the ticket , but with zero volume .
done
Didn't the deal that Victor extended cover these days ? I don't think anything should be adjusted on the Dynegy deal .
Aimee , The Global Octanes plant crashed last night . The undertakes ( volume below the base load sale ) will not go to the buyback . This is considered a force majeure . Do not allow any volumes to be allocated to the buyback until notified by either Lee Papyoti or myself . Thanks .
OW , I have changed the pricing on deal 132975 for this message . Please adjust the risk assignment .
We already have a deal in place . #461059 with Torch-Rally .
Luis , Please see the attachment . This file shows deals that still need adjustment stemming from the base gas program being kicked off for Dec . Please have these corrected also . Thanks . The "arranged_quantity" column contains the correct volume . Daren
I have extended #254839 .
Any sales made to MGI off of HGPL or HPL should be billed by the Texas Desk . However , HPL will not invoice MGI . All trades are done under ENA . Daren
Have any of the counterparties on the deals below invoiced us for any of the additional volumes ?
You think your pretty funny , don't you.. . Enron North America Corp .
Done . Enron North America Corp . Megan , I adjusted deal 529856 on the 2nd of Oct and Nov for the adjustments below . Can you make this work ? Enron North America Corp .
I don't know anything about the transport either . But , I would assume the rate remains the same .
Deal 135714 is active through Oct 2000 . The volume on the ticket is zero , so the nom was probably never sent to POPS .
Gary Lamphier is working on negotiating a price for this .
I have created deal 559843 to cover the flow for Nov 1 thru Jan 31 . This deal will probably be handled month-to-month from here on out .
I rolled deal 150325 for the first 3 days of Jan . I expect this point to be zero for the rest of Jan .
This is a call out meter . I think the best person to help you would be Kathy Benedict in Volume Management .
Gary , Have you negotiated a price on this ?
I extended 454057 for the month of December .
Danny , What do you want to do about this ?
Megan , Please see the message below . The pricing on deal 391125 was incorrect; should be HSC GD-.04 . I corrected the deal ticket .
I have rolled deal 506192 thru 1/1/01 , priced at Dec HSC Index -.045 .
Mary , How are we looking on the rest of our estimates thru King Ranch ? do we need to adjust Big Cowboy or 3 Rivers ?
Megan , Can you forward your calculations on the Pan Energy swap for September 2000 to me ? My contact over there called me regarding some discrepancies beginning that month . I may be able to help reconcile some of this .
Can you send me a copy of Pan Energy's spreadsheet for Sept , also ? Enron North America Corp .
The Texas Desk will not be trading on EOL . We will not have trading or logistics personnel in the office . So don't come in for us .
Hey , Ken . Well , I don't know what I'm going to do . We will have a Texas Desk , but I don't really want to continue here . I may look into Brenda's group ( Pulp , Paper , Lumber , Steel) . I will most likely interview with AEP to see what they have to offer , but it has to be very good in order for me to leave the Evil Empire . I am just glad they finally anounced the sale . Some folks are upset and concerned about the whole deal , but I'm glad it's happened . Anyway , I meant to let you know how our Christmas went with the boys . Cole loved everything . He had a great time and was sad to see Christmas come to an end . Jake is a little different . We spent $60 on a couple of things for him . He hasn't touched them more than twice . He found his new favorite toy the day after Christmas: it's one of those soft cooler things you carry your lunch in . He found that in the bottom of our pantry and now carries it around everywhere . Now we have these two big plastic things just taking up more room in our already crowded house . We started our house hunting last week . I think this is going to be a long process . Tonya's out looking today . I'm letting her make the first cut . I will come in on the second round . We will probably put our house on the market in a couple of weeks . We have a few small things we want to clean up , fix , etc. , before we list it . According to the other sales in the neighborhood , we should make a little money . I hope everything is going well with you and the family . Later .
I will not be able to play golf or party . I was really wanting to go , but can't make it .
BH , If the Super Saturday occurred on a different weekend , I would help you out . However , we have a pretty important family weekend coming up . Cole's 3rd birthday is today . We will be doing a little celebrating with that . Plus , we are putting our house on the market this week and are scheduling appointments to view other houses . Anyway , I hope everything else is going well for you . We need to talk sometime . I will call you in a couple of days . Enron North America Corp .
I have adjusted the pricing for the Apache and Williams deals for September forward as we disucussed in the meeting today .
Megan , I can meet with you on the Pan Energy Swap anytime Thursday or Friday afternoon . Early afternoon usually works best for me . I can come up to your desk if that is easier . Let me know .
Hey , Mom . I got your e-mail just fine . Is your computer fixed up now ? Cole had a great time at his birthday party last night . When we were walking out of Chuck E Cheese after the party , Cole asked me "Daddy , am I three now?" He got some good presents and got to play alot of games . It took him forever to go to sleep . He really loved the Blues Clues game ya'll got him . The packaging was coming open when he got it yesterday , so Tonya let him open it before the party . He played it in the car going to the party and on the way home . I think I'm tired of that game . He can't play it in the car anymore . It so funny to watch him play though . He will repeat the question and go "hmm" . Anyway I need to go .
Sandi , Do you have a complete contract for the Apache purchase under the Tenaska IV deal ? Apache is billing us a rate that is $.11 below the commodity rate stated on page 22 in the original contract . In the documents I have , I can't find a reason for the adjustment . I may be missing an amendment or something . I thought that you may have a complete set of documents and could help me out . Daren
done . Enron North America Corp .
The PanEnergy spreadsheet is attached .
Done . Enron North America Corp .
Deal has been extended .
Lee , I would like to deliver as much of Midcon's gas as possible to Mobil ( 25,000-30,000 ) for February . When the work is going on , we can move that around . Also , we have 10,000 baseload on Centana we need to deliver to the plant .
Danny will input a new deal for Dec and Jan in the morning .
I need for you , or the Producer Services group , to determine if you think the gas will flow for the month and at what price . I will use your decision for
That will be fine .
I don't think that we should have any volume on this deal . It seems like Jan 2000 was added after the fact to assist with allocations . But it was later determined that we didn't purchase anything from Copano .
You can change the tickets . Thanks .
Bob , I didn't check voice mail until this morning ( I don't have a blinking light . The assistants pick up our lines and amtel us when voice mails have been left. ) Anyway , with the uncertainty of the future business under the Texas Desk , the following are my goals for the next six months: 1 ) Ensure a smooth transition of HPL to AEP , with minimal upsets to Texas business . 2 ) Develop operations processes and controls for the new Texas Desk . 3 ) Develop a replacement a . Strong push to improve Liz ( if she remains with Enron and )  b . Hire new person , internally or externally 4 ) Assist in develop a strong logisitcs team . With the new business , we will need strong performers who know and accept their responsibilites . 1 and 2 are open-ended . How I accomplish these goals and what they entail will depend how the Texas Desk ( if we have one ) is set up and what type of activity the desk will be invovled in , which is unknown to me at this time . I'm sure as we get further into the finalization of the sale , additional and possibly more urgent goals will develop . So , in short , who knows what I need to do .
Grab me when you get a minute . I have your bonus and merit info . You're going to like it .
What are the issues with this ? Is the problem a counterparty name issue ? Did we pay the wrong company ? Is Cleco billing us ?
I forgot to get with you this morning on this . I went ahead and changed the volume to 24,000 .
Paul , How are you determining that we should have a buyback for this deal ? Enron North America Corp .
Sherlyn will correct all the booking when she reallocates the meter .
We will need to wait until Janet gets back . This is a spot deal that was done by Gary Lamphier . Did Janet negotiate something with them after the fact ?
I created deal 602030 under Cleco .
To forecast Entex: We have a database that contains the citygate volumes by day , with the low and high temps for each day . When we get a weather report for the new day , we enter the projected low temp and the spread into the file . The database is sorted by that information with a +/- 2 degrees on the temps , and provides an average volume for that criteria . ( For example: With temps of 40-60 , the sort would produce a list of the volumes pulled for each day with a low of 38 to 42 degrees and a temperature spread of 20 to 22 degrees . An average is then calculated from that volumetric data . In this case , the average is calculated to 259,000 Mmbtu. ) Upon calculating the average , we then apply information we obtain through daily business and adjust that estimate . Things to consider: if weather is cloudy or sunny , wet or dry; wind chill; Entex's obligation on Midcon; Entex's recent operating procedures; Entex takes versus our prior estimates ( have we been under or overestimating volumes each day) , etc . Additionally , since we only see about 30% of the meters , we apply a factor to estimate the remaining 70% . If we have an unaccounted volume for a few days that is fairly consistent ( and we have determined that the ua4 has not been caused by something else) , we may adjust the factor to bring the estimates more in line . Let me know if you have any questions . Daren
I have created deal #604061 to cover the buyback for 12/27/00 .
That would be fine .
Liz , Do you want to take this on ?
Heather , I will be leaving today at 1:00 . We are buying a house and we have the inspection today . So , if Bob ar anyone needs me they can contact me by pager or mobile phone . Thanks .
After speaking with Danny Conner , I have created deal 606396 to cover this meter for the next year .
I don't have any open positions . Thanks .
I would like to receive the alerts .
I have created a spreadsheet to assist in the tracking and booking of the gas supply related to Tenaska IV . If you have suggestions or comments on the file , contact either me or Mark . Megan - You can copy the Jan 01 Est tab and update the volumes with actuals . The file should calculate the resulting settlement with Tenaska . I will then update the demand fee on the deal ticket to true-up the month . Since we haven't gone through actuals in the spreadsheet , we may have to do some tweaking with the formulas . Anyway , this should give us a good start and you will be able to see where we closed the month in Logisitics . The file is located in O/Logistics/Cleburne Plant/2001FuelMgmt.xls . If you don't have access , we can look into creating a new location on the O drive . The spreadsheet is attached for this month . This is definitely a work in progress . So , if you have ideas to make it easier , or if you need something added , let us know .
Done . Enron North America Corp .
I don't know . Check with Settlements to see if they are billing us for Dec and Jan .
Done . Enron North America Corp .
I changed the demand to a negative value . I don't know if this will work or not . If it does not work , I can put the demand on the sale ticket . Enron North America Corp .
That's cool .
Deal 606396 is already in Sitara for Dec 2000-2001 .
I have done deals with John at this point . Why are we not being allocated any volume ?
That's fine .
Hey Ken . How are things going for you ? Is the market loving you ? We have been really busy . We sold our house after 2 weeks on the market . I don't think I had it underpriced . I looked at the average $/sq ft for sales in our neighborhood for the last 6 months and I was pretty high above the average . Anyway , we got what we wanted and made a little money , so we were happy . Two days after we sold our house , Tonya found the one she wanted in Oaks of Devonshire . It's over at Louetta and I-45 , just before The Thicket . It's a little bigger than we were looking for ( 3100 sq ft) , but it's got a great game room/sunroom for the kids . It was built in 86 , so it needs a little work . But that's ok with me . Anyway , we are closing on both houses on Monday and moving Tuesday and Wednesday . We will have you and Linda over for lunch or dinner one of these days . We also had tubes put into Jake's ears this month . We hated having to do that , but it has really made a difference . He had a constant ear infection since October . Now you can tell that he feels so much better . He's learning more and more each day . We have nothing that is "Jake proof" . Even those plastic locks you put on cabinets don't hold him . He knows that if you keep yanking on the door over and over that it will eventually slip or break and then your in . I'm going to install pad locks on the cabinets at the new house . We'll see if that stops him . Anyway , everybody's doing well . I will be alot better after we finish this house business . I don't feel so good when I'm writing all those checks . Talk to you later .
What does ooto mean ?
I will be out of the office on the afternoon of 2/27 and the majority of the week . March 5-8 is better for me .
Mike , I don't know of any deals that were negotiated for this delivery . So , why don't you check with Gas Control to see if they know why vol was delivered on that day . I would think that they had to send someone out there to make it happen . Additionally , you can check with Gary Lamphier or Lee Papyoti to see if they made a deal with the plant .
You can extend them , but make sure that the volume is zero .
Talk with the person in accounting that deals with Teco . See if they are using a different counterparty now at the plant .
Fred , Why is nothing being allocated to Alpine ? This is a good deal we have in place with them and I really need the problem resolved .
Kim , I can always make time for you.. . Just grab me sometime after 10:30 Monday morning and we can go over transport .
Hey , Byron . We may be interested in your sofa . Send me the pictures when you get a chance . Now that we are moving , we've got a few empty rooms . Thanks .
mark , Can you look into this ? You may need to check with Mary or Trisha on transport capacity tickets for Dec forward .
What are the details on the tv ? How old ? Problems ? Condition ? etc . Daren
I have created deal # 640357 to cover this flow .
High zeros... ? Is that similar to going flatter ?
I extended deal 583232 to cover 2/1 and #604056 to cover 2/6 .
The new deal should have the same price as the deal that you copied .
You need to delete the lines with dates prior to 1/1/01 on the new tickets .
We are not interested in the sofa . Thanks .
Heather , I will be out a 1/2 day today and a full day on Friday . Also will be out a full day on the 9th . I will be here the rest of the month .
You can copy the old tickets or create new ones . What ever you need .
done .
Rita , Since I was out of the office most of the week , I missed reading this e-mail . I am open any afternoon this week except for Friday ( all day ) and Bob's staff meeting tomorrow ( if we have it) . Let me know when you want to meet .
The deals you listed are transpurt usage tickets that we use to estimate the cost of transport and the fuel used in the transport . This is just an estimate of what we think Lone Star will bill us under the Tenaska transport contracts ( We will pay Lone Star and Tenaska will reimburse us. ) Enron North America Corp .
I extended deal 559483 through Dec 01 .
done . Enron North America Corp .
Rita , I think that we have the pricing worked out now with the suppiers . There were some ammendments to the contract , reducing the demand charges , that we did not have . I don't have any contacts at Lone Star related to allocations . Mark's scheduling contacts may help . Stacey has a trading contact with the pipeline . When she returns tomorrow , I will have her give you a call . The beginning imbalance on Lone Star was around 180,000 owed to Lone Star when we took on the management services in October . Mark should be able to get you an exact number if you need it .
Megan , I have changed the pricing on deals 452491 and 452475 for October flows to mtr 25000200 . These flows should be priced at $.10 + 1/2 % fuel . The $.11 that Lone Star billed us is incorrect on the last deal . I'm not sure about the rates for mtr 20014903 . The person who can tell us should be in tomorrow . I will leave a note for her . We should have similar deal tickets for Dec forward . I will check with Mark and Trisha . Enron North America Corp .
Eric , I recieved a call from a guy with Pacific Interlink ( ?) . He is looking to market LNG in Europe . Since I have very little knowledge in this area , I didn't get much specific information . But , I told him I would find someone for him to talk with . His name is Sam Kovacevich . Phone: 847-971-3369 . I would appreciate it if you would give Sam a call . If you aren't the person he needs to talk to , please let me know . Thanks . Daren Farmer Texas Desk - Gas
FYI
I have adjusted deal 452491 for mtr 20014903 . We agree with Lone Star's
The $.10 rate should be correct . Enron North America Corp .
Can you come down to my desk around 1:00 ? Enron North America Corp .
Done . Enron North America Corp .
Can you come down to my desk around 1:00 ? Enron North America Corp . From: Megan Parker @ ENRON 03/09/2001 01:02 PM
Done . Enron North America Corp . From: Megan Parker @ ENRON 03/12/2001 11:16 AM
What do you mean "leaving Enron" ? Where are you going ?
What do you mean "leaving Enron" ? Where are you going ?
Congrats ! I've been looking for an explanation for the drop of our stock price . This explains everything .
We have a buyback under HPL ( #586534) . ENA had only 7,000/day scheduled at mtr 1373 in Feb . In reviewing the daily volumes in POPS , I didn't see any days with flow under 18,000 . So , we should not need a buyback for ENA . Any shortages should be allocated to the HPL ticket .
done .
FYI
done .
Thu , I talked with Lee Papyoti about the Equistar buybacks . I created deal 675086 as an ENA buyback . However , after you have allocated the volume between the Equistar plants , please get with Lee and have him look over everything .
FYI
Tim , Please forward this to the appropriate person . Scott Berkman with Bruggers Bagels is looking to buy gas delivered to their chain of stores . He mentioned locations in Minn , Iowa , Detroit , Pitt , Cleveland , Boston , and Albany . His phone number is 802-660-4020 ext . 264 . I would apprectiate it if someone would contact him regarding this supply . Thanks . Daren
Aimee , Please take care of this in POPS . It looks like we've already hit the 50,000 mark on #572910 .
done .
What's the length of your boat ? Does it have a cover ?
I created deal 682029 .
done .
What's the length of your boat ? Does it have a cover ?
I created deal 682029 .
I don't know what you're smokin up there , but every one of those deal numbers you listed are WRONG . Deal 633842 is valid for mtr 416 . It has a zero nom . You can send that to POPS or path a volume to the deal and send it on . I added the 15th-18th to deal 621598 for item ( 2) . Deal 529738 is valid for mtr 1598 . It has a zero nom , also .
Briant , I'm not going to be interested . I'm looking for a boat that is a little bigger . Thanks .
Gary , Do you have any record of this ?
Gary , Do you have any record of this ?
Done . Enron North America Corp .
Done . Enron North America Corp . From: Megan Parker @ ENRON 03/26/2001 11:14 AM
No problem . Enron North America Corp .
A volume of 6,289 Mmbtu flowed over the noms for CP&L . I don't have a record of a spot deal with them for that day . Gary - Currently , that volume has been allocated to the Term agreement . The price difference on that day is significant . ( HSC GD mid was 5.245) . If you don't have a record of a spot deal , the allocation should stand as it is .
No problem . Enron North America Corp . From: Robert Cotten 03/28/2001 12:34 PM
I am not going with AEP . So please don't include me in your estimates .
I am not going with AEP . So please don't include me in your estimates .
done . Enron North America Corp .
Deal 706674
done . Enron North America Corp . From: Megan Parker @ ENRON 03/29/2001 04:41 PM
Deal 706674
Gary , Please call Pat Anderson with Southern Union as soon as possible regarding the info listed below . She wants to work a fixed price swap for 25% of their booked volume for July '01 - Oct '02 .
You need to path the change at mtr 8055 . You should not path the buyback at mtr 1040 ( Only deals 538950 and 702826 should be pathed with volume . All other deals at mtr 1040 should be pathed with zero volumes. )
Well , the staff level is prettly low here , for just about every group related to HPL . Stacey did leave , so I am back to trading Waha . However , it's going a lot better this time . I am actualy enjoying it somewhat . With the majority of the desk leaving , I am looking into moving into the day trading arena for the new Texas Desk . We'll see how that goes . Bidweek was kinda rough this time . In addition to Stacey leaving during the middle of the week , we have some major outages on the A/S line where we have to stay balanced on Texoma and balanced on the south end . The line has been split into two seperate systems . Handling that has been a constant battle . Plus , with the pending sale , people just don't care as much about the business . It's a little harder to get things done . Anyway , things are going pretty good at the house . But , the list of things to fix and do keeps getting longer and longer . We are extremely busy . The kids are loving the stairs . You ought to see Jake go down . We taught him to turn around backwards and crawl down the stairs on his belly . Well , that was too slow for him . Now , he get's on his belly , feet up in the air , and slides down , barely skiming the stairs . He looks a penguin sliding down a snow bank , except on his stomach . Cole is doing his best to either run Jake off or make him tough . Cole runs over Jake with his toys , pushes Jake out the way , or just walks right over him . It doesn't affect Jake , though , he gets right back up and keeps on going . Anyway , I need to get back to work . Hope the family is doing well . Maybe you can come down for lunch next week . I'll give you a call in the next couple of days .
March Midcon volumes at Mobil should be 30,000 each day . Any swings should be on the buyback HPL has with Mobil .
Julie , You need to keep the nom and confirm at 3000 so that the buyback calculation will work correctly .
I don't have any problems with this . Enron North America Corp .
I believe the counterparty changed effective 2/1/01 to El Paso Merchant Energy . See deals 637225 and 637234 .
I don't have any problems with this . Enron North America Corp . From: Victor Lamadrid 04/04/2001 03:19 PM
You're in the system now . thanks .
I believe that I have received your message in error . My name is Daren Farmer and I work in the Texas gas trading area for Enron . If you will send the name of the person and department you are trying to contact at Enron , I will assist you in communicating with that person . Thanks . Daren Farmer
You're in the system now . thanks .
The 4429 is good .
The 4429 is good .
Julie , Howard comes from the volume management area , so I am sure that he knows the best way to handle the Shell buyback . You should path the buyback that Howard set up .
Please see the attached spreadsheet related to the EEX supply . Let me know if you have any questions .
Ed and Lauri , Jill Zivley is needing bids on various wells from EEX . I understand that anything that is captive to HPL will be going with the pipeline after the sale . So , you should probably quote the bids for any of this supply . I have listed the applicable wells and some limited info in the attached spreadsheet . Eric Boyt is working on the structuring of the deal . He may be contacting you . He would like to get the bids to Jill by Friday . Let me know if you have any questions .
Jill wants a quote on the supply . This can be given at the wellhead or at a liquid point ( with EEX incurring the transport to get the gas to the liquid point. )
I have attached a revised schedule of the EEX deal . I have included our bid price and additional notes for each field . If you will re-print the quote sheets , I will enter our bids on them . Additionally , since we are bidding to buy the gas delivered to the "liquid" areas , please make sure that our agreements with EEX state that the gas must be pipeline quality and must be able to be delivered into the pipes specified on the attached schedule . Let me know if you have any questions . Please view the tab labeled "Bid Pts by bid pt" .
Cynthia , $4.87 is the correct price for this deal . Waha did not trade above 4.94 on 3/23 . This is an EOL deal , so Conoco should be able to easily check their records to confirm this .
FYI , Our price quotes have changed from those listed on the e-mail that was sent earlier . Please see the Excel file "EEXBids2" in the O:/_dropboxfolder . Let me know if you have any questions .
Done .
That's fine . We don't have a deal for this point in the system yet , do we ?
the deal with TGLO should be handled the same way in March .
We recently purchased house with a spa in the backyard . After filling with water and adjusting to the correct ph and bromine levels , the water smells like mildew . Is there a way to treat this chemically ? I thought that the smell was coming from the cover at first . But , I have thoroughly cleaned the cover inside and out . Could the smell be coming from the air/water lines ? It appears that the previous owners did not take care of some things around the house . Thanks . Daren Farmer
Rebecca , TXU is correct on the pricing . I have adjusted the deal tickets in Sitara .
Ed , I believe that Jill was going to show EEX a bid with the understanding that any deals on HPL would go with the pipeline after the sale . We were working under the thought that we need continue to conduct business as usual for HPL until the sale is finalized . The HPL piece is just a portion of supply that we are bidding on , and Jill was going to present them with bids for their total package ( Enron and HPL) . Let me know what you want to do . If you don't want to place a bid , I will pass that on .
Bob , I have made a few adjustments to the wellhead file , with some comments . Please review the file and make the changes in Sitara today . Let me know if you have any questions or if something changes . Thanks . P.S . How do you like the shading ?
That's no problem .
That's fine .
FYI .
Go ahead and adjust the deals to bring us in balance . What is the daily flow for the Saxet well now ?
Done . Deal #749217 .
Gas Daily Waha is the correct price . I have changed the deal ticket .
Thanks ! This is very helpful .
Don't order any new equipment . George can use the existing equipment in the space next to me . EB3210F .
Any deals that were confirmed with Equistar for the first of the month should be kept whole throughout the month . On days where they didn't pull the nom , the buyback goes into effect . Any shortages should be allocated to the buyback tickets .
Julie , You need to look at any industrial meter that has buyback and swing deals . Make sure that the base volume is allocated to the base ticket and all other swings go to the other tickets .
You can extend the deal for one day .
Tess , We probably should be invoicing selling to Dow at IF . However , we should also have purchased the supply from Spinnaker ( #144271 & 144264 ) at IF . Did Spinnaker bill us at Index or Gas Daily ? What did we pay ? Let me know this and we can proceed from there . Nelson Ferris did these deals . I will talk to him after I hear from you .
Ok , We should be paying Dow based on the index price . But , it should be IF HSC - . 07 instead of -.06 . Sales volumes should be allocated to deal 639612 .
On Oasis and PGEV , we have been buying and selling as HPL . However , we have been transporting the gas under ENA . This is primarily for spot and base deals . We want to keep these transport contracts with ENA . The only term deal we have at Waha is to Tufco ( 0-60,000/day) . This deal is under ENA with it's own firm transport contract ( now on Guadalupe Pipeline , which was previously Teco/PGEV) . The sale and transport will go with HPL . The sale to Entex off of Oasis ( currently under the ENA , will be assigned to HPL ) must be served off of Oasis . So HPL will need to acquire an Oasis contract for this deal . Let me know if you have any more questions .
Julie , I don't have all the deal numbers . You will need to run a report out of CPR , or find the deals in MOPS and review the prices in Sitara .
This should not be a problem . They can make it up after the outage .
You need to talk to Gary Lamphier and Lee Papayoti .
OW , It looks like you changed the pricing in deal 413462 mentioned below . Did Gary or Lee ask you to do this ?
Eric , The Carthage meters to report on EOL are listed below: Tennessee 4603001 Texas Gas ( Firm take away only ) 4021021 Reliant 4082006 EPGT Texas Pipeline ( PGE Texas ) 4615002 There are a couple of meters in the hub , but the capacity is limited . So , we should not list them . Let me know if you have any questions or need additional info .
Should I roll the flow to Southern Union at Lockhart at HSC GD + . 02 for the days listed below ?
You are so enthusiastic .
Done .
Done .
Mike , I would like for you to move with HPL to the new building to continue training . I spoke with Ed the other day and let him know this . Let me know if you have any concerns with this or if you have any questions .
I've got it covered .
The price should be 4.955 . I have changed Sitara .
Tess , I have changed Sitara to agree with the contract . This was changed during flash to get around some pricing errors .
You can send your things to 3210F . That is Liz's old desk .
These flows are due to the timing of the meter change . So , I have adjusted Sitara to cover the 4th and 7th . Let me know if you have any questions .
Hey , man ! Well , let me tell you what's' going on . Every evening and every weekend for the last month and a half , I have been painting and working on the house . The previous owners of the house had the worst color scheme going ( pink in one room and a portion of the entry way , lime sherbet green in the other portion of the entry way) . There is a lot of trim , 4 doors , and a 20 ft ceiling in the living room and entry way . So it is taking quite a while to complete . One reason it is taking so long is other things keep breaking ( disposal , toilet flanges , alarm system) . In the middle of trying to finish painting , we ripped out the floors in the bathrooms and entry and laid tile ( I got the floors ready , we paid to have the tile laid.) . Tonya wants everything done now . It doesn't bother her that I haven't finished a single project since we started the whole renovation thing . But , IT'S KILLING ME ! I would like just one finished product . One small room would be fine . The house is looking a lot better , though . I'm trying to not let the work take time away from the kids , so I usually start after 8pm each night . Plus , when I do work while the kids are running around I pay a high price . Last week I was painting the baseboards in the dining room , with the gallon of white semi-gloss next to me on the floor . I had earlier used Windex to clean the window seal and had left the bottle in the middle of the floor . Jake was coming into the room , watching and climbing up and down the step ladder ( 6 ft; he climbs to the very top like it's nothing . Other people come in and see him up there and freak out . We just let him go.) . He is big into cleaning ( guts it from his mom) , so when he saw the Windex he ran and picked it up . I told him to "take it to Mama" . He started out the doorway , but came back in and walked behind me . I just kept working , thinking that he was watching me . Then I noticed out of the corner of my eye that he had moved closer to me . When I turned to look , I just lost my breath . Jake had dipped the Windex bottle down into the paint can , pulled it out and was holding the bottle over our brown carpet . White paint was just pouring off the bottle . It looked like someone had poured paint straight out of the can onto the floor . Thank goodness it was latex , after about 45 minutes we got it cleaned up . Cole has helped me with some of the work , such as sanding the walls . But , he carried his work a little farther than I wanted . Yesterday , he had a friend over . They got his tools ( play sander/grinder , circular saw , screw drivers) , climbed up on his bunk bed , and decided they needed to take the texture off the ceiling . You should have seen the mess . I am taking a break this weekend though . Cole and I are going camping at Lake Livingston . I am really looking forward to it . I'm trying to start something with him ( and will include Jake when he gets a little bigger ) where we do a guy thing each month . Last month I took Cole to his first Rockets game . He loved it . They are getting too big , too fast . At work , I guess I'm becoming a full fledge trader . I will be getting my own book in a couple of days . I'm pretty nervous about that . There's not a lot of activity in the training/coaching area around here ( hard to believe , huh?) . But , we'll see how it goes . The last of the HPL/AEP people are moving out of the building tonight . Everything is on course to close the sale on June 1st . Anyway , I hope you and Linda are doing well . We'd like to have you over if we ever get the house in presentable shape .
Megan , We did the swap with Pan Energy on 4/28-30 only . On those days , we received all the gas at Carthage , nothing at Castle Busby . When we are not operating under the swap , Duke markets the gas that usually comes in at Castle Busby . Apparently , they sold the gas to Highland in April .
There are alot of names on that e-mail . I hope you spread all those Pina Coladas over the week and not drink them all at once . Have fun .
I wish we could have purchased that gas at 4.18 . But , the correct price is 5.18 . I have corrected the deal ticket .
I have changed the demand fee . But , is this adjusted by the dollar amount that we need to recoup from Williams ? I don't want to pay Tenaska until we get the money from Williams . Additionally , I believe that we need to keep the volume at 45,000 for the admin fee , since we originally nominated 45,000/day .
Mirant had a problem with an EOL transaction where I bought 5,000 from then at $5.10 for the 1st and 2nd . I agreed to let them out of the deal . Due to legal problems with killing or adjusting EOL tickets , I entered a sale ( #705989 ) to balance the volume and price out . The two deals should be netted . We should not have paid the purchase at 5.10 .
Take Liz , Gary , and Earl off the list . Add O'neal Winfee and George Smith .
Bob , In looking at the trends over the meters , I made a few adjustments ( highlighted in blue) . Please use these changes and enter the deal changes in Sitara . Let me know if you have any questions .
Is "not going to AEP" considered an accomplishment ? By the way , most of the people who could give performance feedback on me are leaving or have left the company . I'm sure they thought that I was superior though .
The price should be IF Waha . I have changed the price in Sitara .
See below . The deal was priced at Index but entered as GD in Sitara . This is going to give you a $75,000 hit for April .
Use deal 399604 . This deal was in Sitara , but did not have the meter attached .
OW , On deal 399604 I added meter 3425 . There was no meter originally .
Done .
See if you can find Danny's deal book and verify the price for the deal listed below .
The deal has been changed .
Sandi , I don't think that the Agency agreement is going with HPL . If that has changed , please let me know . I asked Dave Baumbach about it and he agreed with me . As far as signing the agreement , I need one thing added . Under Section 4.A. , we need to add something like , "IN the event that ENA owes Company , payment will be made to Company after ENA has received funds from third party sales of excess supply." This situation has occurred when the plant was down for the majority of the month . ENA sold the supply and net owed Tenaska IV a large sum of money after the admin fee was netted out . Additionally , TXU pipeline has sent an amendment to the transport contract ( adding receipt points) . The contract still has Tenaska Gas Co as a counterparty , instead of Enron North America . How do we get this corrected ?
Carlos , Is this the gas on Blue Dolphin ?
Deal 717768 should be kept whole . This is a baseload purchase . Deal 544392 should still act as the swing buyback on days that the plant underpulls . FYI . Anytime a purchase is done at an industrial point with a fixed price , the purchase should be kept whole . Only the buybacks with Gas Daily pricing take the swings .
Done .
Channelview I believe . That's where I put it .
I believe that Carlos Rodriguez handles this pipe .
Attached is a schedule of Tufoco take for May according to our schedulers . Let me know if you have any questions .
We did deliver 30,000 per day to Mobil for Midcon for the month of May .
Done .
Elizabeth , Can you re-send the file with the attachement ? I accidentally deleted the first message and I don't have access to the file online .
Its working . I love you alot .
Thanks . The fax we received from the plant reported the start up at 11:00am , reaching full capacity at 1:00pm . But , we shouldn't have a problem .
Bryce , Please forward this to the appropriate person in your group . I need someone to look into deal Sitara #833675 , referenced below . Why were these deals actualized to zero ?
Done .
Megan , I have created deal # 1075281 to cover a sale from Cleburne to ENA . I also repathed Unify . This should clean up the UA4 after the actuals on the old path between Deal 384237 and 502861 are zeroed out . Let me know if you have any questions .
Annette , The transport statement we received from Lone Star did not show that this gas flowed . That is why we have not paid yet . We are in discussions with the pipe to find out what happened . I will let you know as soon as something is determined .
The supply from the desk-to-desk transaction ( #1075281 ) is pathed to the transport . The 1023 contract is an ENA agreement . So , deal 1075281 transfers the gas to ENA . ENA then transports the gas on it's agreement on Lone Star .
Becky , Please change my e-mail address on your distribution list to : dfarmer70@houston.rr.com . Thanks .
I don't have anyone .
Can you look into this ?
I never doubted you . Thanks .
How does your afternoon look on Tuesday ? I'm thinking around 2:00 .
Tuesday , around 2pm works for me and the Texas group .
Hey Sweet Baby ! I was just thinking of you . I love you .
done .
We did not sell to TGL for Sept .
Where do you think you're going ? I don't know if I can handle any changes in deal validation .
I didn't know if you got this or not . I love you . I can't wait to spend the next week with you . Me
I'm in .
Elizabeth , Texas and Wellhead were grouped under George . I adjusted Texas , but not Wellhead . I also added the market hubs that we trade , under the pipeline section . Let me know if you have any questions .
done .
The revised weekend nom is attached . Have a good weekend .
Just wanted to let ya'll know that we get the attached report each week from Vol Mgmt . We don't have any pending issues ( we haven't had many since this started) , which I like to see . Thanks for staying on top of it all .
Mike Olsen will be the critical user for Texas .
FYI .
I believe that we did have some activity on Blue Dolphin , but it was done by the Wellhead group . You should send the Vol Mgmt people to George Smith .
I know the following: 1 ) Gulf Plains plant is in Nueces County . 2 ) Marathon on Tejas is Galveston County . Check with George to make sure no one in his group has called the other pipes . I f they haven't , you can look into the old scheduling contact list and call El Paso and Dow . For El Paso Offshore , we probably need points , but I believe most of their system is in Matagorda County .
The entity I trade with is TXU Gas Distribution . I verified this with my contact this morning . So , deal 1085609 is correct .
All of the Exxon Katy points are in Waller County , Tx .
Hey , Man . Can you fix the schedule so that I can play somebody this week ?
Done, .
Hey , Ken . We are in sad shape , aren't we ? I was on vacation last week , through Monday . Not a good feeling coming back to a sub $20 stock price and an SEC inquiry . It never really seemed possible to me that Enron would be here . Other than concerns for my future , everything is going fine . Things really are ok , I know I can get a job with AEP if I need to . I actually started talking to them about it . But on Wednesday , they made a few changes that I'm not so sure about . Ed Gottlob ( recently made VP ) was put over the origination desk . ( I heard that they weren't too pleased with Ducoti and Bilberry. ) With that move , they needed someone else to run the trading desk . That person is our fast-talking friend , Carey Metz . That blew me away . I believe their thought was that he would be the best to manage the financial risk . Apparently he's made a ton of money since he's been in Columbus . He's also going to stay in Columbus with this responsibility . So , this may be the first move to bring the group up north with the rest of the famThe home-life is going well . We have 3 year-old soccer every Sat . My lovely wife signed me up to be the coach . I'm going to get her for that one . It is fun , though . Those kids are funny . They don't care where the ball goes , they just keep kicking ( even through the woods) . Looking forward to Halloween . Cole is going to be a policeman , Jake is going to be a jailbird/prisoner . Cole has already handcuffed Jake a number of times , he loves it . My vacation last week was very good . It was the first extended vacation that I have taken where we didn't have traveling and entertainment stuff planned . It was one of the best vacations I have had . We spent 2 days in San Antonio doing the zoo and easy stuff like that . The rest of the week , we did things around here ( like Children's Museum) . Big game coming up this weekend . Do you think your Huskers can pull it off ? I think OU's going to win it , but it should be a great game . How about the 6,7 , or 8th for lunch ? Later .
Please take care of this .
I don't know of any days yet .
I've been trying to call ya'll . Both lines . One keeps ringing . The other one gives a busy signal sometimes , keeps ringing sometimes . Is the answering machine not hooked up ? Or are ya'll not clicking over ? Anyway . We're doing fine . Just wanted to let you know that I tried to call .
Isn't the deal pathed from Exxon King Ranch ( Deal 210722 ) to Reliant ?
Megan , We didn't operate HPL in a way where we matched markets with specific supplies . The supply for these sales was the entire HPL system . You can calculate the WACOG on HPL as an estimated cost for each day or month . But I can't give you a specific supply cost or deal . Let me know if you have any questions .
Gas Logistics: Mike Olsen Jay Smith Laura Vuittonet has all of their info .
We had to get the gas from somewhere . Did Tejas owe HPL gas and make the delivery to settle an imbalance ? It looks like ENA transported the gas on Tejas for Feb . Have you checked to see if ENA transported on Tejas for Mar ?
Hey Cliff , Which Rogue Spear do you have ?
I have created deal 1150179 to cover this supply . Mike - Please see that this gets pathed in MOPS and POPS and let Megan know when completed . Thanks .
OW , What do you think about the orig deduct ? How do we usually handle orig on something like this ?
For .
No changes .
FYI
Karen , Mike Olsen currently reports to me . I fully recommend Mike as a candidate for the Origination Track . I don't think that he has decided which path he wants to take regarding his future , but I know that he would be very interested in discussing this track . Please contact him at your convenience . Thanks . Daren
Unify MOPS ID: dfarmer Unify MOPS PW: jungle Unify POPS ID: dfarmer Unify POPS PW: daren
None .
hey Ken , Let's do lunch next week . We are moving into the new building this weekend . I'll be able to show you around ( if I'm still here) . We had a tough football weekend . It's about time we got beat . We didn't deserve the wins we had . Anyway , I've got to get to work . Trying to break $12.00 today . It's kind of odd...moving into a brand new building when your stock price has reached an all-time low.. .
Done .
ENE @ 9.90 ? I don't think I will be able to eat for a week . Maybe you should bring a bullet next week and put me out of my misery .
FYI . I set you up as our man . There is nothing that you have to do . I basically just reserved a second desk , computer , etc for us in this building in the case that we have problems with the move .
Who does Tanya Smith report to ? What will she be doing ?
none
Rita , I began digging further into how this was scheduled yesterday . It does not look very good . I will re-work it today and let you know when I'm done .
Are you still there ?
Done .
Mike , I very much appreciate what you have done for our desk . Let me look into the promotions within and out of the analyst program . I want to take the best option possible .
Let's og today if you can , or tomorrow . I'm available anytime after 11:00 . Are you going to try your badge again ? They are reviewing the photos now , along with new scanners .
We are in the same building . The move got postponed until next week . Using the same badges . I have the same phone # . Parking is the same . I believe that the drive down here is open , may be some slowdown on the way out , not sure . Whew...I think I covered everything . See you in a little while .
Rita , In order to book the imbalance payback between HPL and Lobo , I have created deal 1166748 ( ENA selling to AEP @ $2.45) . I have changed the price on Deal 1109140 from $0.00 to $2.455 . From what I understand , we received the gas at King Ranch , sold it to AEP so that they would move it through the header on their contract and bought it back at a half cent difference . Following that , we sold the gas to the central desk , who sold it to Oneok at the South Texas pool . With the changes I made and the entries you are able to do , hopefully this deal will be wrapped up . Let me know if you need me to do anything else .
I really like you Eric and would like to spend some time learning how you are such a master of basis trading .
Have you seen this ?
Bob , Mike Olsen - Analyst 1 Jay Smith - Specialist 3 Let me know if you need explanations .
Yes
Mike olsen will be coming in for the Texas desk .
Hey baby , honey-bun , goodlookin , goodlovin , sexy sweet thang ! We may need to start talking to Byron or someone about investing and all of that . Can you find out how much he charges , one visit and continuing ? he sent out an e-mail about ira's . they are waving fees for those for lifetime thru 12/31/01 . Anyway , I love you .
This ticket starts with 7/99 production . How were all of the other months paid ?
none for me
I can go any of the 1st 3 weeks of Dec .
he doesn't have to go if you will wear the horns and play the buck like he does .
Anthony , Can you change the counterparty name on deal 93836 to Black Marlin Pipeline Company Inc. ?
none
Hey , Ken We had a good holiday . Except for the trip back...it usually takes around 9 hours . Last night it took 12 . Other than that everything was good . Played a little golf ( play may be too strong a word) . Watched a little football . Our game with Texas was much better than I expected . I can't believe Colorado ran over Nebraska like that . And the OU game...I love college football . It is so much more exciting than the pros . Right now , I'm just sitting here watching the stock price bounce around 3.85 . The big boys have been huddling quite a bit today . I think that we are close to the end . Layoffs should be announced tomorrow . So , did you get the Christmas tree after the game ? 20 footer ? We'll be out this weekend getting ours and putting up the lights . Jake doesn't know what's going on . But , Cole is all excited . Everything he sees , he wants for "Chrimsas" . Knowing Jake , I will probably have to anchor the tree on all sides to keep him from bringing it down . We'll see how it goes . I hope you had happy holiday , even with the game .
A preliminary copy of the Cleburne activity for Oct 2001 is attached . Mike will be in tomorrow , and will finalize it .
Anthony , Can you take care of this ?
I sent an e-mail to anthony campos on the 19th asking him to change the counterparty . I don't have the access to do that . If he can change the name , then we won't have to create a new deal and re-path . I just sent him another message today .
I just found out that Anthony has changed responsibilities . He said that he forwarded the message to Bridgett ?  . I'll let you know as soon as I hear anything .
Have you taken care of this ?
I'm here . but barely . last couple of days we've just been battleing problems and putting out fires . hanging in though . this just seems so unreal . i can't believe we are doing this . personally , i've got options , so i'm not too worried .
done .
Well , I'm here . We are not trading . Actually , we are just hanging around , playing games and shooting the breeze , waiting for the next news story . It's really odd . It really is sad seeing all the layoffs . Especially , when I think of the $ the bigwigs carry home while the honest working people search for a way to earn a living . Anyway , things are fine for me and the family . I'd better go . We've got a crossword competition starting .
Bob , We have the following net-outs in place at the Exxon Katy Plant: Texas Energy Transfer As for contracts we will need as a new company: IT transport ( intrastate and interstate ) on the following pipes: TXU Lone Star Oasis Channel East Texas Gas Systems ( ETXG ) Duke Guadalupe Park and Lend contract on EPGT . Hub ( or wheeling ) contracts on EPGT and ETXG . Let me know if you have any questions .
done .
What's the big deal ? It's only one digit...But , if it will make you happy , I will fix it .
where are you going ?
I'm sure that the Panenergy deal is all yours . I definitely understand your concerns . Good luck over there .
Home: 281-288-8251 Cell: 281-503-8732 Cell will be the best way to contact me . I will be out Thurs and Fri of this week .
Jeff , I left a voice mail message for you yesterday about our role as agents for the Tenaska IV's Cleburne plant . I wanted to make sure that you got the message . Please give me a call when you get a chance ( 3-6905) .
Mike - here you go . You might as well bridge back the pipes now and be done with it . Let me know when you start this and I will help if you want me to .
done .
Hey Ken . Well , I'm still here for now . It's hard to leave . We have all taken quite a bit of time off ( out all last week and a couple of days the week before that. ) I'll only be here a couple of hours today . But we had a great Christmas . The kids have been so excited . I made the mistake of getting a couple of microphones/sirens for their tricycles . You can hear them all through our neighborhood . The neighbors have already asked my what I was thinking . Cole wanted 3 things ( a play airport , a pirate ship , and Buzz Lightyear) . He got them all . With each present , he kept getting louder and more excited . Jake was primarily interested in in opening presents , he didn't care what was in them . That kid gets more out of ripping things up and tearing things down than any kid I have ever seen . In fact , the other day , Cole and I were stacking his big leggo blocks as high as we could go . Cole likes to make things and he likes them neat and orderly . So , he was working hard at making this tower stand up and work ( it ended up being about eight feet tall) . Well Jake was chomping at the bit to run through it . After holding him off for a few minutes , I let him go . You should have seen his eyes light up . You would have thought it was the biggest event of the year . He tore through it , smiling all the way , saying "again , again." It has been so fun spending extra time with the kids . My mom and sister came in the weekend before Christmas . Tonya's parents and sister came in Friday . With the couple of days between their visits , I remodeled our downstairs bathroom ( strip wallpaper , paint , hung a border , hung crown molding) . That was my first try with crown molding . It turned out ok . Thank the Lord for wood putty . So , we've been pretty busy . But , it's been fun . How was your Christmas ? Was Santa Claus good to you ? I guess your kids were in . I hope you had a wonderful time . I'm looking forward to Corn Boys bowl game . Anyway , I need to go make a call on a tee time . Tonya's dad and I decided that we would pay good money to get mad and lose a bunch of balls and break a few clubs , while out in the cold . It doesn't make much sense , does it ? But then again , most things that men do don't make much sense . Later , Daren
Bob , For the Texas Desk , Mike Olsen and I will start out handling the scheduling activities . As we start up we will not be doing a lot of shipping on the intrastate pipes . We will primarily be utilizing hub and cartwheel agreements and net outs . Trading primarily on the Waha , Katy ,  and Carthage hubs . I will cover Katy and Carthage . Mike will continue to cover Waha and any shipping activities on the intrastate pipes . I will need a second person fairly soon after we begin trading again ( within a month or two) . What are you thinking that we need to look into on the intrastates ? Also , with message of setting up new budgets , can you have Brandy send me a copy of the budget we had in place for Texas 2002 ? Thanks .
Bob . I could have sworn that I sent you this information earlier . But I can't find it in my e-mail anywhere , so here it is: Highest Priority El Paso Gas Transmission Texas Pipeline ( formerly PGE Texas and Valero ) Hub contract , Park & Lend contracts , inter- and intrastate transport East Texas Gas Transmission ( Duke Energy Field Services ) Cartwheel agreement , transport Secondary Priority Guadalupe Pipeline ( Duke Energy Field Services ) Intra- and interstate transport TXU Gas Distribution ( Lone Star Pipeline ) " " " " El Paso Field Services Channel " " " " Tejas Pipeline The contracts on the pipes listed under "Highest Priority" are required for us to trade in the 3 main areas in Texas ( EOL) . We must have these on day one . The secondary contracts/pipes will be used soon after start up and are ranked in order of importance . Please let me know if you have any questions . Again , I thought that I sent this to you a couple of weeks ago . Sorry for the delay .
Bob , Tom is asking aobut the budget info . When do you think that I can get it ?
We may be able to print this out
look on the texas tab
This is what we've got so far . Due to our agency activity on Lone Star , I do not want to contact them yet . But , I have a copy of a contract they sent me a couple of months ago we can use .
Bobby , Unfortunately , we will not be able to make it Saturday night . We will be in Dallas visiting my brother and his wife , sort of a late Christmas get together . I hate that we are going to miss it , but I will touch base with you later . Also , please change the e-mail addresses you have for me and Tonya to: dfarmer70@houston.rr.com and tjfarmer@houston.rr.com Thanks . Daren
Bob , Who is collecting the hard copies or e-mails of contracts ? I've got the Guadalupe contracts now .
Suzanne , Below are the contracts we will need to ship on Guadalupe Pipeline in Texas .
Jeff , The message below is in reference to the voice message and e-mail I sent you a couple of weeks ago . We are serving as agent for Tenaska IV , with the duties of scheduling and settling for the fuel needs of the Cleburne plant . In November , the plant was not running at full capacity , so we sold the excess fuel gas to TXU Fuel and TXU Gas Distribution . In doing this , we ended up with a net payment owed to Tenaska IV ( in normal months , Tenaska pays us and then we pay the suppliers and pipelines . All profits/losses are passed through to Tenaska . ENA receives a management fee) . Can we pay intercompany bills ? How should we go forward with this agency responsibility ? Daren
James , I just sent a message to Jeff Hodge asking how we can handle this . I will let you know as soon as I hear something from him . ( I left messages with him prior to today to discuss this deal. )
OW , I went through the list on the sort by pipe and highlighted the curves/mapping we can delete ( yellow ) and those we can change ( orange) . The only curves we will have left are Katy , Waha , HSC , Agua Dulce , and Thompsonville . I expect to be using Thompsonville in 6 months to a year . If it easier or cleaner to delete that curve and add it when we need it , that will be fine . Let me know if you have any questions .
Chris , What credit requirements to you have for a new entity with an "A" credit rating ? Daren
Jeff , I will be happy to meet with you on Wednesday .
Physically...yes . Mentally...I've been gone a long time . I'm trying to make a decision whether to stay or go . How about you ? How are things going ?
Rick , We need to talk about the ability of ENA to continue its the current role as agent of Tenaska IV . 1 ) Since the end on November , ENA has not been able to complete gas trading transactions . We cannot find any counterparties to trade physical gas in Texas . This , of course , is due to the bankruptcy . As a result , we are not able to sale Tenaska's excess fuel . We did contact Brazos to ask if they would buy a portion of the gas at a Gas Daily price , but they do not want it ( gas daily pricing has been below the firm contract price for a while) . In December , we had to cut 10,000/day from the 7th through the 27th . For January , we haven't had to cut yet , but I am sure that the pipe will ask us to do this in the near future . 2 ) For November activity ( which was settled in Dec) , ENA owes Tenaska IV for the excess supply that we sold . However , due to the bankruptcy , we could not make payments out . ENA could not pay the suppliers or the pipeline . James Armstrong paid the counterparties directly . I think that he should continue to do this for Dec and Jan . We should not transfer any funds from Tenaska IV to ENA . I don't know how Enron's ownership in the plant factors out in the bankruptcy preceding . But we need to determine how to go forward with the fuel management . Please give me a call or e-mail me . We can get together sometime Thurs or Fri morning .
Contract from Oasis Pipe Line .
Suzanne , Attached is an updated file on our pipeline contract situation . I haven't gotten much info from credit managers , but I wanted to pass along their names and numbers .
Bob , I would like to recommend a promotion for Mike Olsen . Mike has been instrumental to the Texas Desk . With the sale of HPL , we were left with only one scheduler with Texas experience . Mike took on the responsibility that two people were carrying prior to the sale of the pipeline ( Waha scheduling) . He trained our new hire , Jay Smith , and assisted in developing scheduling processes at the Katy Hub . Prior to the sale of HPL , all of our activity at the Katy hub passed through the pipeline . Mike used his knowledge of the Waha hub and helped develop a net out procedure that allowed us to effectively schedule our transactions . Since June , Mike has handled the logistics activities of the majority of Texas pipes ( Westar , HPL , PGE , Channel , Oasis , Guadalupe) . Mike most outstanding accomplishment is the over $30,000 he saved us in hub transport fees from July to November . In July , I began tracking the amount of hub fees that we should have to pay in the Waha area ( on EOL we transacted on the basis that the seller pays the transport fees through the hub) . Mike used his knowledge of the pipes , his business relationships , and his negotiation skills to decrease the amount of gas that we scheduled under our contracts . In essence , I kept a sort of P&L for him . Mike has taken the desks responsibilities upon himself , as if this were his business . With the limited number of people on our desk , I needed to split my time between Logistics and Trading . Truthfully , I spent the majority of my time with the trading . Mike handled the daily logistics responsibilities . He acted as lead , supervising and training Jay , our other team member . Mike performed at a senior level since his first month with the desk . Mike came to the desk with experience on the pipeline side of the business , accepting nominations and confirming the plants and interconnects . He came to the Texas desk and exceeded all of my expectations . He has advanced quicker than any of the schedulers I've seen . In fact , he has gone from very minimal marketing logistics knowledge to explaining transactions and processes to other people in the industry with more experience than him . In short , Mike has been the heart of the Texas Logistics team . His abilities and hard work have reduced our transport fees , kept our headcount low ( he has fulfilled the responsibilities of two people) , and enabled the Texas Desk to close time sensitive deals and transact in increasingly complicated deals . Mike is a superior employee . His knowledge , ability , and hard work are essential to the success of the Texas Desk . Please support him with a promotion . Please let me know if you have any questions or need any information.Thanks . Daren
Rick , I've had a couple of meetings today . I'm sorry I'm just getting back to you . I tried to call but the voice mail said that you were unavailable . So , give me a call when you get a chance .
Ed , ENA has acted as agent for Tenaska IV ,  a generation facility in Cleburne , Texas , in which ,  Enron has ownership interest . Our role was to manage the fuel requirements for the plant . This includes scheduling , invoicing , and settling the natural gas supplies and transportation . In addition to the daily activity , ENA has the responsibility to sale any excess fuel from the baseload supplies and purchase an additional fuel needs . Any profits/losses are passed on to Tenaska IV . ENA is just paid a monthly fee for the service . Rick Hill is my contact person for the project . He is looking into finding another party to handle this fuel management responsibility . If he can't find a party willing to do this under similar terms , we will need to find some one with the Enron estate to handle this . The problem with Enron continuing in the role is the inability to transact in the gas market ( no customers willing to trade with us) . So , the project is losing value . Please give me a call when you get a chance . Or , maybe we can meet sometime next week to go over this . My schedule is pretty flexible . Daren
Can have a cake with rough blue icing on top ( seas ) and find a pirate ship to put on top . get a bunch of blue balloons ( ocean ) to put around pirate ships .
Hey , Derrick Thanks for the golf journal . I'm looking forward to using it . I've read through most of it already , and it looks easy enough to follow . Golf is just like everything else , it just takes the disciple to practice and to practice correctly . I know the tips will help me . Keeping notes is good idea also . Thanks , also for the golf towel . I've got a round coming up tomorrow with a few guys from work . Maybe I can sleep on the book tonight get a little advantage . If I play like the last time ( when David and I played over Christmas) , I'll be buying balls from the club house . Anyway , I hope you are doing well .
Ken , Please review the attached .
Renee , Did Sofregaz ask for these changes ? If so did they recommend this specific language ?
David , Attached are the Sofregaz US Inc . contracts . Thanks for your help on this .
Just received this .
Carol , I am interested in joining in on a group gift . Let me know what you need .
Our risk manager has reviewed the insurance requirements . His only comment concerned the Owner's/Contractor's Protective Liability Insurace requirement on the bottom of the first page of Exhibit E . He thinks this is unnecessary as we have adequate coverage under the General Liability and Excess Umbrella Liability . Since this cost is likely to be passed on to us , we should waive this insurance requirement . Everything else is OK from our perspective . Let me know if you need any further information or have any questions .
Attached are a clean and redline version with my changes .
T-shirt size: X-large .
Trevor , I created an amendment to the Energy Services Agreement based on Paul's letter of April 19 . I think that this amendment is a much cleaner way to revised the Schedules to the Agreement . Please review the amendment and schedules . I revised the schedules further to make the base line calculations clearer . If OK , lets fax a copy to Paul for his review before I prepare executables . Let me know if you have any questions . Note: We will also need to have a declaration of HPL and Managing Partner of HCC to review and approve this amendment . Kevin Howard can sign and I have already prepared this document .
Fine by me .
I will be attending .
Larry , I made a few changes and filled in the blanks . Please call me to discuss .
Please read the attached and respond .
Kay , Please review the attached data sheet and let me know if there are any problems . Thanks .
FYI Attached is the latest Enron Compression Services Company structure .
Thanks for the quick response !
Hal , FYI , Attached is another form of O&M agreement specifically for offshore lines . The structure of this agreement is different from our current deal , but the provided services in this form may be a good start for the Mariner O&M form .
Thanks for your help .
Attached is a draft Change Order for the Electric Drive Compressor Station . Please review . Specifically note the Compressor Contract Price Sheet and how Merrick Modified the Target Price definition . Also I envision using this same format for the Dew Point Plant Change Order
Kay , Please review the attached data sheet and let me know if there any problems . Thanks for your help .
Jordan , Attached is the latest structure . This is still subject to change as AA has not yet approved . The deal basically involves creating a new entity to take ownership of 2 existing Electric Compressor Motor Drivers and associated contracts which ECT currently owns . The compressor motor drivers are supplied with electricity from the Navajo Tribal Utiltity Authority ( NTUA) . ECT sells horsepower created by the motor drivers to Transwestern in exchange for $$ and MMBtus . Lance Schuler will be working the finance portion of this project . This is a 2nd Quarter deal . Would you expect anything less ? Please let me know who will be working on this from your group or call to discuss any questions . Thanks .
Attached is a short outline of the proposed steps to transfer the Compressor Motors , NTUA Contract , and TW Contracts to ECS LLC . I know we still don't have structure approval , but I can begin working on the documentation for those items that will not likely change ( the transfer of assets and contracts) . Please review and let me know of any issues or problems .
How about 10 a.m. ?
EB3883 . See you tommorrow .
Ted , Attached is a revised draft of a letter . Please review and let me know if you have any comments . Please note the following with respect to this issue: 1 . We should make sure we have performed a gas analysis at each producers delivery point and are sure they are creating or contributing to the quality problem . I recommend attaching such gas analysis to this letter . 2 . The BRG Petroleum Corp . contract doesn't give us any cause to send this letter . The contract requires BRG to meet the quality specs . of the the pipeline which receives the gas downstream of the Point of Delivery on the Confirm . Such Point of Delivery is at the wellhead and HPL is the downstream pipe . HPL's specs ( unless they have changed , don't have a limitation on gas richness) . 3 . The Texlan letter will be slightly modified from the attached , since we will reference Force Majeure . 4 . Do we have a accurate list of producer names and address ? If you are okay with the letter , I can have a paralegal prepare the letters with addresses .
Lal , Attached is the form agreement that was attached as Exhibit B to the LLC Agreement . Have you reviewed the Change Order form for the Compressor and Plant ? I have not heard back from Andy either . Please let me know if you have any comments .
Mark , The attached document outlines the relevant documents to be assigned to the new LLC and their assignment provisions . Please note that for the City of Farmington Power Supply Agreement ( Bloomfield) , a deposit will be required by the new assignee . Please review and let me know if you have any questions . Larry and Lance , The contract packages which contain the referenced agreements will be sent today .
Attached is a draft form of Master Firm Purchase Agreement between ECS Compression Company , L.L.C . as Seller and ECS as Buyer . Also attached is a confirm for the gas deal . Notice the information I need on the confirm and please fill in the blanks . If you have any comments on the contract form , please let me know as soon as possible .
Attached for review are the following: 1 . Bill of Sale for Bloomfield Electric Motor ( ECT to ECS ) 2 . Bill of Sale for Bisti Electric Motor ( ECT to ECS ) 3 . Assignment of Contracts for Bloomfield Station ( ECT to ECC ) 4 . Assignment of Contracts for Bisti Station ( ECT to ECC ) Mark , Please forward to the appropriate accountant since Roger is no longer on this deal . Lance , Please forward to A&K . I do not have their email address .
Matt , Attached is the PSA Form . Section 9 and 9(c ) specifically is the section we discussed . As I stated , the assets is a single gathering system and associated contracts .
Pat , Please print out the attached documents for me . Thanks .
Tom , I would like to attend . The 23rd is the better date for me . Let me know . Thanks . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Per Ted Bland's request attached is our PSA for the Nacogdoches Gathering System .
Mark , Please review the attached form of amendments . I have also prepared the form of amendment for the O&M Agreements , but will hold until you get further information on the fee arrangements . After you review these forms , lets discuss and review where we are at in this whole process . We will need to get TW , Accounting , and Investor review of these as soon as possible .
Forgot to put you on the original distribution .
Jaime , Attached is a firm sales agreement form which ECT utilizes in North America . A lot of the form may not be relevant given the fact that ( i ) Pemex is both the seller and transporter and ( ii ) unless you are near the border , there are no alternative sources to Pemex . However , it is a good starting point . Let me know if you have any questions .
Attached is a draft of the Contractor Protocols which work with the services agreements of Hanover Measurement Services Company ( Stone Entity ) which were circulated by Mary Cook last week . Please review in conjunction with the services agreements and provide comments
Here they are .
Paul , I am still here . Where the heck are you ? I guess you are back in the States by now . What are you guy's up to ? How many kids do you have now ? As for Lisa and I , we are still DINKs ( Double Income No Kids ) in Houston . I am officially an attorney now working in the corporate legal department of Enron Capital & Trade Resources . I had to turn in my pocket protector when I left my engineering job . Lisa actually just joined Enron , so now it is all in the family . We are doing good . We bought a 50 yr old house near downtown about 1 year ago and have been restoring it ever since . It really is amazing how all that Bob Villa watching is now paying dividends . I am considering getting a tool belt with my name engraved on it . We are both doing good . Life for me is good , now that I don't have to go to school in the evening or study for the bar exam . I am just enjoying my free time now . I still keep up with George and Ernie occasionally . George still lives in Austin and is single . I visit him a couple of times a year . You wouldn't believe it . He still has the same furniture in his apartment that he had in college . Kind of like stepping into a time warp . Ernie just finished getting his MBA at UT this spring . He will be working in San Antonio for Frito Lay ( no doubt designing a chip that won't break when you dip it) . He now has a little girl with another kid on the way . I think due sometime this summer . He has really changed since undergrad . A responsible young man now . How are Mom and Pop Bieraugel doing ? ( Is the Big 10 going to take it in the shorts this year? ) Are they still in the Washington area ? Lisa had talked to your mom about a year ago when she was trying to track you down for my graduation party . Sounded like all was well in the Bieraugel household . I think she said John was in Alaska ? Anyway , drop me a note when you get a chance . It is really great to hear from you again . We need to keep in touch . Gerald ,
Steve , We are currently negotiating an interconnect agreement for an upgrade of an existing interconnect off the Trawick System into TUFCO . The interconnect is solely a delivery to TUFCO . We are down to one point of difference in the agreement . Typically HPL disclaims any liability for consequential damages to the other party . TUFCO is asking for an exception for any violation of gas quality specifications . This would mean that if HPL delivered off spec gas to TUFCO which required cleanup of their pipeline system or caused damage to a customer of TUFCO's HPL would be liable under this Agreement . From a legal standpoint , we can make this exception , but I wanted to make sure everyone understood and agreed with the acceptance of this potential liability . Assuming we are properly monitoring all our receipts there shouldn't be an issue . Please let me know what you think about this situation . I can forward a copy of the interconnect agreement if you do not currently have one .
I don't know if you have been keeping up with the recruiting info but Mack has committments from 4 blue chippers already . One of them is the top LB in Arizona . He is working his magic again this year .
I haven't heard anything about the status of those recruits , except that it sounds like Alfio Randall will be a partial qualifier . This isn't great since we need OL for depth this year .
TUFCO has agreed to remove the exception to consequentials for breach of quality provisions . They are preparing executables and will forward to HPL for execution . Thanks for your help .
Tom , I would like to attend lunch . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Here they are . Please review .
Attached are the revised O&M Agreement Amendments with the new fee structure .
The change order #4 for the compression was Fedexed to Ralph Townsend today . I am holding Change Order #5 the Dew Point Plant until we have the specifications . Let me know if you have any questions .
Cris , For the sake of completeness , attached is the form of gas purchase agreement and confirm with the $10 million prepayment between ECC and ECS . The pricing has not been input yet . The gas purchase agreement between ECS and ECT would be a mirror of this one .
Elizabeth , The Duns number for Enron Compression Services Company is 072773547 . I will be completing the Agency Agreement this afternoon and will forward to you . Also I faxed the corporate data sheet for the company to you yesterday . Let me know if you need anything else . Thanks for your help .
Thanks for the quick turnaround !
Brian , Do you know how quick D&B would have data entered into this system ? We need to move this as fast as possible .
Attached is the revised Schedule I to the Bisti Compression Services Agreement Amendment . Please replace the existing Exhibit with this one . If you have any questions , please call me at x-33512 . Thanks for your all help in getting these done timely .
Here is the link to the Enchantment Resort .
Please review .
Kay , Please see attached . Thanks
Mark , Attached are the confirms for both the ECS purchase and the ECT purchase . Please take one last look . If OK I will forward the ECS purchase to Porter and Hedges . The ECT confirms still have the TW West Texas Pool as being the point at which ECT takes title .
Paula would be fine for me .
Ken Pearson , Attached is revised facilities agreement reflecting a small change in the design of the station . Please review and let Cheryl Marshall know if it is acceptable asap . We will replace that page in the originals and execute and forward one to Celanese . The revised section are underlined and highlighted . Cheryl will also be faxing revised exhibits to the agreement for your review .
Mark , Please review the attached letter and provide the missing date . If everything looks good , I will prepare an original for your signature . Also , do you have any resolution on the TW transport issue ? Is it acceptable for ECT to take title at the West Texas Pool and ECS still operate the transport agreement as its agent ?
I didn't find any wells in this file . Looks like you inadvertantly attached the wrong file .
Dennis , Per Elizabeth Brown's request , I am providing the following information about Enron Compression Services Company Address: 1400 Smith St . Houston , Texas 77002 Commercial Contact: Mark Courtney ( x-36368 ) Credit Contact: Bill Bradford ( x-33831 ) Let me know if you need any further information .
Attached is a draft of the Master Firm Purchase Agreement between ECS ( Seller ) and ECT ( Buyer ) with a confirm for Bisti and Bloomfield . These mirror the Master Firm Purchase and confirms between ECC ( Seller ) and ECS ( Buyer) . Please review . Per our discussion yesterday , ECT will take title at the West Texas Pool and transport off of TW under the existing transport contract between TW and ECT . Mark , I wasn't sure who needed to see this on ECT's commercial side , so please forward to whomever is appropriate .
Susan , Attached are redlined copies of the CSA Amendments . We made a change to the Monthly Contract Quantity to exclude Force Majeure events and Section 2.4 Shaft energy interruptions . Please review and call me with any questions . x-33512 . Since we have circulated the prior amendment , I think it would avoid the most confusing by giving these amendments a new execution date . I also added a section which specifices that these versions replace the amendments dated The NBV letter values will also be redone . The numbers will have to be changed . The investors have asked that instead of a Contract Year Schedule , a quarterly schedule be included . I don't have the numbers from Mark yet , but will forward those changes as soons as I get them . Mark indicated that he had discussed these changes with both you and David .
Attached are clean and redline versions .
Susan , Attached the revised net book value letters . The numbers have increased . Also they are now specified quarterly .
Trevor , Please review the spreadsheet and let me know if you agree . The number in bolds are the values pulled from the existing TW net book value letter agreements
Susan , Attached are the letter agreements between ECS and TW which cover the earlier letters I sent .
Attached is a redline of the Bisti Assigment documents showing the latest revision . The sames changes have been made in all 4 assigments . Also attached is the Enfolio Master Firm Purchase Agreement with Confirms and Redlines of the Confirms to show the lastest changes . Please contact me at ( 713 ) 853-3512 if you have any questions
Pat , the specific representation is in section 3.02(v) . If you could get back to as soon as possible . We are executing these documents tommorrow . I am basically trying to make sure the Enron Compression Services Company can make this rep . given our circumstances .
Attached is a redline of the Bisti Assignment in Contribution Agreement ( ECC to ECS) . This version picks up a change in the indemnity section that was missed in the version e-mailed earlier . This change will be made in all 4 Assignment and Contribution Agreements .
In Section 7 Indemnity in the first sentence , after the words "causes of action" I added suits , awards , liabilities , fines , costs , fees , expenses . This was missed earlier .
Attached are the revised June 30 , 1999 Amendments to the Compressor Service Agreement both Bisti and Bloomfield which supersede the June 18 , 1999 amendments . Redlines are also attached to show the changes from prior versions . Also attached are revised TW payout amount letters date June 30 , 1999 which supersede the June 18 , 1999 letters . All were executed late today and will be distributed in the morning . However , in the interest of time , I am distributing these now for your information .
This is incredible . The kid was a life long Aggie Fan , makes one trip to Austin and commits to UT . I think we have finally found the guy to win it all for us ( MB) . Also now Chance is saying he will actively recruit for us . He wants this years class to be better than last years class . I think a few phone calls to Roy Williams and BJ Johnson . I can't wait til August . When are you coming back guy . Are you ready for some football ?
Might try this for the bar , while at the bar .
Paul , We need to plan on getting together sometime . When and how long are you going to be in San Diego once you get back from stomping out the "angry red horde" ? Might be an opportune time to hook up . I would love to see Papa Bieraugel in action and I'm not referring to your Dad .
Not sure if you or someone in your group already had seen this .
The form of right of way looks good . Go ahead and forward to the land owner .
What's up rude-dog . Haven't heard any new recruiting news . I think it is going to be quiet on that front until later in the football season . I was up in Denver this past week and talked to Jessica Wentworth . She said you have been exploring the Australian countryside . Bet there is some amazing stuff down under . Anyway , drop me a note and let me know how its going . I know I have asked this before , but when are you getting into town ? We need to have some repatriation beers upon your arrival .
Things are going good in legal . I am getting to work on some interesting stuff . I just finished working on a compressor deal with Mark Courtney . It was an asset and finance deal . I got to work with the finance commercial and legal types and learn quite a bit in a very short time . It is hard to keep up with the pace and not make a total fool of myself with my lack of knowledge at this point . Tense but fun . I didn't see the any of the high school all star games . I heard Babers and Turner both looked very good in the Texas- California game . Sounds like they were covering some 6'5" bad asses from California and pretty much shut them down . At least that most other peoples opinion . Sounds like Kenny Hayter look pretty good . Leading Texas rusher . He sounds like a power runner not a real juker . I am really worried about the NC State game . It would suck to lose the home opener , but I think that is a very real possibility . Their quarterback sounds like a stud and they have some big recievers , ala UCLA . I still think we will at least go 7-4 probably 9-2 best case . Your right though . If we fall flat with 5-6 or something it will slow the momentum Mack is building . I just don't think that will happen . Mack is too smart and can really get these kids to overchieve . I think his players believe and are motivated to play hard . Mackovic only won with offensive schemes and good athletes like James Brown . When you think about it though , Mack following Mackovic is really going to pay dividends in the long run . Mack Brown and Greg Davis weren't exactly known for their high powered offense at UNC . But Mackovic had installed a strong passing game and quarterbacks which Mack and Greg picked right up on . Now we have kids like Mock , Williams , and Johnson wanting to come here for the offensive scheme alone . I like it . It is going to be fun in about 2 years with the quality of kids we are now getting . I will think about the groups I have worked with and let you know on any areas to go . I have worked a lot with Larry Lawyer in the finance group and know he is looking work people . I don't know if this was the same stuff you did in Denver or the same group . Might be . Those guys do work a lot of hours . Almost as bad as attorneys . I will give it some thought . Well , all for now . Keep in touch . I am glad you are going to be back in Houston . We will have some fun . I want to hear all about how much you really like Australian women or more specifically , how much they like you .
I Love You !
A note from Bieraugel . We need to go out and see these guys when we get a chance . Hang in there . Things will start to come around , it is just going to take some time .
Thought you might find the attached interesting . I don't know if any of the people you are talking to are on this list , but might be worth checking .
Jackie , Could you have the Entex Contract the Mike mentions pulled and forwarded to me . Thanks .
Ken , Attached is the form of ROW Agreement and Exhibit B that goes along with it .
Greg , Attached is a draft of interconnect agreement form based on the discussion we had yesterday . I left the reimbursement provision open with only placeholder language that indicated they will be paying for the interconnect in some form . I made some assumptions about equipment that either party would install , however this can easily be changed . I didn't draft any credit language in the agreement . I think this would be best handle by simply having our credit department review these guys and if they are worried about them , we should require them to make an upfront payment before we buy or build anything . Take a look at the draft and let me know if you have any questions .
Tommorrow at 2:00 or later works for me . Thanks
Works for me . Thanks .
Mark , I made the change in attached note . Let me know if you need anything else .
I am glad you asked me to lunch today . I do enjoy spending time with you even though at times it is tough and our conversations are hard right now . I do Love You so much and have a Vision .
Dan , Attached are clean and redlined versions with the changes we discussed yesterday . Please review the exhibits on both documents one last time .
Ken , Attached is a revised draft of the Hanover Agreement based on all our discussions to date . Please review . I would prefer one more internal review prior to forwarding to Hanover . Please note where information is still needed concerning the specific units for the schedule forms . Sorry for the delay .
Greg , I have never been to a tasting before . Will there be some small foods to go along with the wine ? Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Dan , Attached are clean and redlined versions incorporating the modified suggested Kennedy revisions we discussed . Please review . I will revised the Independant contracts later this afternoon . I will also send you a form purchase and sale agreement for the Independant gathering facilities .
Here are some names .
I sent in the admission fees , so hope you still want to go .
Dan , Attached are the latest independent docs with the Collection Facilities funding , construction , and fee structure . I am working on a form a construction agreement which will be attached as an Exhibit to the Field Services Agreement .
Dan , Attached are the Field Services and Purchase Agreement with the changes we discussed . As we further discussed , there will be a letter agreement between Independent and Neidigger ( ?? ) which gives independent the right to produce and market his gas in accordance with the terms of the attached agreements . Do you have Niedigger real name and type of entity ?
Please review and forward to IPC . This will be required to commit Niedigger gas to our purchasing and field services agreements .
Here it is . Please revise as necessary .
David , Attached is a construction agreement draft for a $750,000 gathering system between Sapphire Bay.LLC ( of which ECT , Jedi II , and Independent are members ) and Independent as contractor . Sappire Bay will own the gathering system . Please give me a call to discuss .
Paul , Attached is the draft of the Agreement for your review .
Ken , Attached is a redline that might make your review easier . I didn't want to forward this one to Hanover . Let me know if you have any questions .
Attached is a redline with the changes we discussed . Please review and if it looks OK , please forward to Susan and Dave .
The latest and greatest including form of construction agreement .
Lillie , You might try checking with Jack Simunek . I am not sure there is any documentation on this , but he has a pretty good handle on this issue . Jim Coffey at one time issued a one page memo on just this subject . Might also check with him . Once we decide whether to apply this or not , putting this into a contract is a relatively simple matter .
Any chance they could email electronic version of this Agreement ?
Attached is LOI with our revisions redlined . Please review and call either Mark or myself to discuss .
Here it is .
Dan , Attached are the lastest turns of Kennedy . Let me know if you or Kennedy have questions .
Lisa , It is extremely hard to watch you struggle through this . It is hard for me also . I sit up here trying to work when the reality of our current situation weighs on me like a ton of bricks . It is hard for me not to break down a couple of times a day , but the pace of my work usually forces me through those times . I don't know if my calling you , asking you to lunch , or holding your hand , helps or hurts at this time . But I am not going to let us give up on each other . My feelings for you run too deep to just try and bury them so that I don't have to think about all the pain . We are both struggling to find a place to start . I want to start by just letting you know that not a day goes by without me thinking of a time when we can put this behind us . I am not sure how to get there right now either . However , during those few precious time lately when I get to look into your eyes , I see the true Lisa ( changed as she is by the last couple of years) , but still Lisa nonetheless . I need to get to know this changed true Lisa , whatever happens in the near future . I felt I just to had to write this email . Gerald
Brian , Attached is a draft of the termination letter . The letter assumes the letter agreement was executed . There also appears to be an agency agreement which appointed Merrick as agent for ROW acquisition . This is also terminated by the letter . I haven't heard from Shonnie yet . Please review and add any comments you have . Thanks
David Marshall ( ECT risk management ) insurance review . Note the issue abouthe Delay in Start Up insurance ( DSU) . I will contact Lyn Bellenhausen tosee if she anticipated a pipeline project in the original LLC insurance requirements .
Attached are David's comments . The gathering facilities that Independentwill be constructing ( in their individual corporate capacity ) are valued atapproximately $750,000 .
G , How is it going ? Been a while since we spoke . What have you been up to ? As for me , just a lot of work and little vacation worked in there . Nothing real exciting . Finally finished the redo of that damn kitchen . I don't think I will be undertaking any home repair projects on my own anytime soon . I am having Austin withdrawals and need to get back real soon . It won't be long now though for football . Sounds like Redding and Sims look pretty good in practices so far . That first game makes me nervous . NC State is a pretty good passing team and we may have freshman cornerbacks starting . Now for the real subject . Tailgating . How is it shaping up this year ? Same place , cold beer , good food . I am definitely coming in for the NC State game . Lisa may or may not be with me . Don't know yet . Anyway I will be glad to contribute to the cause . Drop me a note when you get a chance and fill me in .
Dan , Attached are the 1st drafts .
Dan , Please disregard the prior draft and use this one .
GT , The theme of the party sounds excellent . What time is the party on Friday and where does the boat leave ? I may take a day of vacation . I have more than I can probably use this year .
See attached word doc .
FYI
Greg , Attached is a clean and redlined version of the Gateway Interconnect Agreement . Please review before forwarding to Pace to make sure the ownership concept is in accordance with your negotiations . Please call me if you have any questions and I will forward the Rio Nogales later today .
Attached is the draft interconnect agreement .
Dan , Attached are the drafts with the revisions we discussed . Both clean and redlined against prior version .
Here they are . Enjoy . Call me to go over a few points before we forward to Denise .
Please review and let me know if you have any questions .
Greg , Attached is a draft settlement and release agreement for the Westfield #1 . Please review and let me know if you have any questions . Note , the adjusted invoice is to be attached as Exhibit A to this Agreement .
GT , I will be taking Friday off . Probably drive in Friday morning or early afternoon . What are your plans that day ? If you need any help setting up or anything let me know .
Mark , I added Paragraph 3 in Article II to cover any obligations which ECS incurs for the drive and WT1 . Please review and if OK I will forward to Susan for her review .
Would you please stop wetting your cube and blaming it on me !
Dan , Attached are the documents with my revsions . Let me know if you have any questions .
Please disregard the version I sent about 30 minutes prior and use these .
Dan , Attached are the drafts with the Collection Facilities language . Blank exhibits for the Security Agreement Form and Insurance requirements . Will forward as soon as I am able to obtain them . Let me know if you have any questions . Dan , Could you ask Denise if all the Lease Agreement are the same form . If not , I need to see all of them .
Tony , The following steps follow the contract amendment ( assumes Bloomfield contract): 1 . Calculate the number of hours that the driver was down for force majeure . 2 . Subtract the hours in #1 from the total hours in the month . 3 . Calculate the Monthly Contract Quantity as defined in the amendment ( Bloomfield -- 7000 times # of hours developed in #2 above ) 4 . Calculate the Load Factor as defined in the agreement . Since we don't have a load factor during those hours of the Force Majeure Event , we assume that the unit would have run at the load factor in #4 above if not for the Force Majeure event . Thus , 5 . Multiply the Load Factor times 7000 ( max HP-hrs ) times # of hours of force majeure event . This gives you the equivalent HP-hours that would have been used during the Force Majeure event or Supply Interruption . 6 . In accordance with the amended Section 3.2(a) , to calculate HP-hour charge do the following: Multiply Conversion Factor ( taken from Exhibit based on load factor ) times ( Shaft Energy delivered + Equivalent HP-hours during Force Majeure [this is the number calculated in #5 above] ) times 1.031 . Let me know if you have any questions . We can work through an example if we need to . Thanks .
I know love isn't enough by itself . We have to give each other more . The types of things that make the other feel full and complete in life . We have focused on material things , when really more meaningful things , such telling the other that you have an interesting way of looking or thinking about some facet of life are what fills each other . We are both bright and ambituous people who should be able to enjoy the finer things in life , but in the right context . Not as direction , but as background to connecting as husband and wife . Husband and wife means many things; friends , supporters , providers , sounding boards , lovers , shoulder to cry on , someone to just hold onto , or walk hand in hand on the beach . I want to do these things for you and want you to do them for me . Hope you can think of me . Love , Gerald
Denise , Attached is the agreement with changes redlined . Please review and call me if you have questions . ( 713 ) 853-3512
Thought you might be interested . Just in case you aren't recieving these emails .
Has the few changes we discussed . Meant to copy you on this .
Here it is .
David , Please review the attached document , specifically Section 6.7 .
Attached are the changes we discussed today .
Rude Dog , Maverick , It's no good up here . I'm holding on too tight . I've lost the edge . Yes , it is close . I am pretty pumped . I am also extremely nervous about Barnette and their passing game . Looks like Walker and Hill will be the starting corners . Yikes ! I think our defense will be able to put some pressure on Barnette with the type of speed we have at linebacker now . If we don't get any pressure on Barnette , I think we will likely lose this game . But I am hopeful that big Shaun Rogers will wreak havoc in the middle . The offense is still a big questions . The level of talent on the OL gives me comfort . Davis , Kirk-Hughes ( so big they gave him two names) , Roesler , etc . are all big time . The 1st series should be really interesting . I think we come out passing lights out to loosen up the run defense . Then start sending Ike off Roesler and Davis . Occasionally send Flowers down the field on the fly and have Applewhite throw it as far as he can . It is going to be a good one . Which game is the first one you'll be able to go to ? How are the Australian women ? Bring pictures and stories . Preferably with much embellishment .
I recieved both documents . Thanks .
Attached are the revised gas purchase and gathering agreement and the new Collection Facilities Agreement . The Collection Facilities Agreement has the insurance requirements but not the Security Documents . I will forward the Security Doc . shortly .
Attached is the security document form . Section 5.4 is missing and I will provide tommorrow . However , in the interest of time I am forwarding the agreement for review .
GT , I will be coming to this game w/o Lisa . I plan on driving in Friday night and probably getting there about 9:00 pm . If its okay I'll crash at your place . Let me know how your schedule looks . Since Lisa isn't coming I'll have an extra ticket with me on the 35 . Interested ?
This version includes the Section 5.4 language .
Attached is a clean and redline version of the documents . I have the Powder River Basin Exhibit and can fax if you want to review . Please note that I added a section that allows Enron to relocate units if they are underutilized at their current location . This was resultant of the 5 year term for the units contracted for during the initial 2 year period .
Attached are the executable documents
Bob , Please print out 2 copies and have Hanover execute . Please fax signature today to me at ( 713 ) 646-3490 and FEDEX or Courier complete contracts to me at: 1400 Smith Thanks for your help .
G , I will be there about 9 pm tonight . My cell phone # is 281-772-9250
I am fedexing the form of lease this morning . Sorry for the delay .
Oooouch ! That one hurt . We really kicked their butt all over the field . The defense played well , especially Ahmad Brooks . I don't think he had one completed on him all night . What really sucks is that we just gave this game away with the punting team . I am trying not to get too down about this . This is a young team that is going to make mental errors and they will improve . I still thinks we will have a good season . The only freshman I saw getting any PT was Cory Redding . He looks fast out there and really crushed somebody on a kick off return . He also got some snaps at DE on a couple of 3 and longs , but didn't do anything outstanding . Unfortunately he was also out there on the punt team during the debacles . Victor Ike should be our starting tailback . He look big and fast and gets yardages running in the interior . Ike left a defender looking really stupid on his long TD run . Sweet moves . Hodges look about like he did last year . Had a couple of good runs but doesn't seem to use his blocking very well . OK , so we will begin our win streak with Stanford . The thing I really like was that Mack said he takes full responsibility for the punting problems and that he will insure that they get fixed . Mackovic would have made excuses that essentially put the blame elsewhere . This season could be an up and down one , but the real prize is next year and the years after . Did you get any info on the game ?
I was thinking of bringing along a friend from Enron to the boat party . Unfortunately he is not a female so this may throw off your proper party ratio . He is married though so he will leave the single girls alone for you and me . His wife is out of town this weekend . He won't mind sleeping on the floor . Thanks for letting me hang at your place this weekend . Lisa is a really cool girl . You two will have fun together .
Attached are the latest versions . Call me if you have any questions ( 713 )
Mark , Attached are the letter agreement and Purchase and Sale Agreement . Please review . Note there is a blank date in the letter agreement which needs to be provided . If OK I will forward to TW .
Clean and redlined of final version
Attached is a revised LOI for WT1 . I took out all the language concerning materials and equipment obligations incurred by ECS . After talking with Knippa , I understand that after the sale of the motor to TW , they will be doing all of the installation . Please review and provide comments .
No problem . I will review these and get back with Cheryl . Thanks .
I am not sure if these letter were sent out yet or not . My only comment would be to add an effective date of the name change from HPLR to HPLC and ECT to ENA . The latter is effective Sept.1 , 1999 . If you have any questions , please contact me a x33512 .
GT , What is your schedule tommorrow . I taking day off so I can leave whenever and be in Austin to help you out with the pre-party perparations .
His name is Eric Gillaspie . We will be at your casa shortly after 12 . Looking forward to it .
Cheryl , We will handle the name change for ECT to ENA on the P-5 form . Mary , When you get a chance , come be and let's talk about what need to be done .
My new email info .
Just working on a Courtney deal while thoughts of you pop into my head . One of the things I really love about you is how humble you are . You are beautiful , confident , and intelligent , and yet you don't act like you know that . I sincerely have always felt lucky to be with you .
Terry , Attached is a PSA form we have used before with the perspective of Enron as buyer . Probably a little more detailed than we need for this one since the facilities are only estimated at $200,000 . Kennedy Oil is Seller and Enron Midstream Services , L.L.C . is Buyer . Some further detail on the site lease agreement: CounterParty is Black Hills Trucking , Inc Initial 1 year term , then month to month up to 2 years total Fee $800/month Black Hill will provide phone and electricity service hookup and Enron to reimburse Enron will directly pay phone and electricity bills Area is approximately 250 ft . X 400 ft . and is fenced off separately Include is existing 40 ft . X 40 ft . building on site . Enron reserve right to install any other building reasonably necessary for site to function as an equipment laydown yard Enron reserve right to install septic system for bathroom in buildings used by Enron Enron needs access at all times through Black Hills front gate to get to site . Enron will remove all equipment and buildings ( except existing ) upon termination .
Please see attached
Rude-Dog , Are you there ?
GT , Great party . Looking forward to the next one already . I think I left my cell phone charger in your apartment on your table . If I did , just hold it . I'll be back for Rice and pick it up then . If not , I must have lost the damn thing somewhere else . Later , G$
From the Oklahoma 100: "Waylon Turdsby , star TE from the reigning 3-A champion Fighting Chick-Peas gave the Sooners a verbal commitment by letter late Wednesday according to OK100 sources . This is a big boost to the Sooners who were competing with Tulsa , Anadarko Junior College and out of state powerhouse Kansas for his services . Waylon , who is 6'2" , 218lbs and runs a 4.75 40 chose OU because "They serve fried pork rinds in the cafeteria and the chicks there dig mullet hairdos" . Waylon plans to study business and eventually take over the family used car dealership . Waylon added "My daddy says he has done a lot of business with Sooner coaches and boosters over the years and that OU would be the best place to refine my used car selling skills." The great traditions of OU were also a factor according to Waylon , "They have this great tradition where they touch all the movie posters of OU legend Brian Bosworth before running out onto the field . You just don't get that kind of inspiration outside of OU."
Attached is a discussion draft of the Compression Services Agreement for Gallup .
Mary , I was out of the office on Friday and unfortunately have a conflicting meeting scheduled . Please let me know what we need to do to work out the details .
The operations information you requested should now be directed to Robert Morgan in Facility Planning . I forwarded the sheets you left in my office last week to Robert for his review . I handled this request before when I was in Facility Planning , but Robert has now taken my place . Shonnie Daniel will work with you from the Legal Group perspective to give you any help you need .
Tom , Attached is the Right of Way Services Agreement we discussed Friday . I would like to thank you and Mark for meeting with us on short notice . We look forward to working with you .
Ken , Attached is the Black Hills Trucking lease agreement . Please review to make sure it correctly captures your deal with Black Hills . I am still reviewing from a legal perspective , so please do not forward until we have talked further .
That is hilarious . You know it is a good party when you make the news . Just talked to Ernie . He didn't have your new email and work # . He is planning on coming up for the Rice game . You should be hearing from him shortly .
GT , I think I will come in on Saturday morning . If Lisa is out of town though and you want to chase women Friday night , my plans can change .
Dan , Attached are clean and redlined version of the purchase and gathering agreement . There is no language in these agreement about a right to match outside of the Reserve Committment Area . I haven't had a chance to bounce a separate agreement off of Shonnie yet , but will let you know . Call me if you have any questions .
Tom , Those items will be sent to you tommorrow .
Lisa , I feel so bad right now . I never wanted anything but to be with you and love you the rest of my life . I wish we knew how important it was to communicate with each other over the past years . I think we are both guilty of not communicating . It is easier to talk to some besides each other about certain things because of certain expectations or assumptions that have been built up over our portion of a lifetime together . It hurts to now clearly understand this after things have happened . I am scared of you moving in with Chris because I fear that we both may accept it as final . I don't want it to be that and I want us to genuinely work on this relationship . I want us to talk and do things together . You are my one true love .
Melissa , I wasn't able to redline this version , but I added sections 10 and 11 and added futher language to Sections 3 and 6 . Hopefully you can redline it against your old version . Let me know what you think about environmental indemnity language . I think is is prudent from the view that Black Hills and has been using the Premises for some time and we are not sure what is out there .
The easment was sent off for recording , but I have not recieved the recorded copy from the county yet . As soons as I receive it , I will forward to John .
The detail that we currently have on the interconnect for Mary Jo Johnson .
Here it is .
Breaker , Breaker , that is the Mitchell Gas Service , L.P . agreement .
I think these were intended for you .
GT , I will probably get into Austin around lunch time . Are you going to be at the casa ?
Attached are redlined and clean CSA and Gas side agreement . Please review . I am going to make further refinements over the weekend before we send to Drew .
Attached is the final version . Please forward to Black Hills .
Attached are the following: Gallup CSA ( Clean Copy with Revisions ) Gallup CSA ( Redlined Copy from previous Version ) Gas Conversion Agreement ( 1st Draft ) Please review at your convenience .
Melissa , Attached is the compressor site lease with my revisions included . Please review my suggested changes as well as revision of the access road and additions of environmental indemnities .
Ken , Attached is the form of compressor site lease agreement . Please forward to all appropriate ROW agents . This will be the form for screw compressor stations only . The recips . will be a fee simple purchase and that form will follow shortly .
Attached is the basic form of service agreement we are going to use for the two individuals we discussed .
Greg , Attached is the language we propose to substitute for their proposed language in item #4 of the interconnect agreement .
I will revise these for the exhibits when I am in Denver . Do not delete .
David , Have you had a chance to review these requirements ? Let me know .
Brian , Thanks for the camping trip this weekend . It did help me clear my mind and sort some things out . This is a tough time right now , but having good friends like you will help me get through this . Thanks again . The Artist .
Staci , Your proposed language is acceptable . Thanks for your help .
That is unbelievable . Make you really stop and think and put things in perspective . I am planning on coming in for the game . Probably Friday night since the game is earlier than last time . Let me know what you schedule looks like . Later .
Sunni , Attached is our form of construction agreement . Exhibit C still needs to be completed by us as we will be providing materials . Exhibit D needs to be completed by Mountain West . I will Fedex the execution originals tommorrow . Let me know if you have any questions . ( 713 ) 853-3512
GT , Do you know if Clifton is in Houston or near home ? MD Anderson is here so I thought he might be in Houston .
GT , Are you going to be at happy hour tonight or at the house ?
I will probably get to the casa about 9:00 pm . Check out the attached . Not sure if you heard , but K-State's President published a letter in which he called UT a bunch of wealthy arrogant Texans . The attached is in response . See ya tonite .
Melissa , I would prefer to have Brian Bierbach sign . His title is Vice President . Let me know if you need anything else . Thanks .
Attached is the termination letter with my revision . Both a clean and redlined version .
Attached is the form of fee simple purchase agreement that we will use for the reciprocating compressor sites . Please forward to all appropriate land personnel . If you have any questions please call me at your convenience .
Attached are the following forms: 1 . Pipeline ROW 2 . Compressor Site Lease ( for Screws ) 3 . Compressor Site Purchase ( for Recips ) I am distributing these for the sake of completeness . You may have already received theses forms .
Attached are the revised drafts . Please note the following: 1 . I revised the FERC language but haven't yet talked to Drew about this concept . He is in Houston somewhere and I have a call in to him . 2 . The Equivalent HP concept was removed . Thus a Force Majeure or Utility interruption event will interuppt the Compression Services Charge . 3 . Please review the unwind language carefully in the Conversion Agreement . 4 . I added an arbitration provision . This is standard in ENA or affiliate contracts . The O&M form will follow shortly .
Attached is a rough draft of the O&M Agreement
Attached are a clean and redline version of the Gallup CSA and Conversion Agreement for your review .
I am booked currently on the following flights to NO . Leaving Houston: Flight 1257 at 5:05 pm Leaving New Orleans: Flight 1364 at 2:50 pm . Could you print these out for me . Thanks .
Just wanted to pass this on to you . It was great to see you again the other day . Take care .
Attached for review is a draft of the Gallup O&M Agreement .
Attached are a clean and redline version of the revised docs . Please review and let me know if you have any questions .
Brian , Thanks for the kind words in the phone mail message . I enjoy working with you and your group and look forward to continuing to do so . Thanks again .
What do you need from me ? It is not clear from your note .
Give me a call .
How bout them Horns ? Give me a call when you get a chance .
Please hold these until Barbara Gray has reviewed the limitation of liability language Thanks .
FYI , Haven't seen Drew's markups yet .
Enron Midstream Services , L.L.C . a subsidiary of Enron North America Corp . is planning on using Okemah Construction , Inc . to construct a gathering system in Wyoming . I am an attorney for ENA . I understand ETS currently has an existing master contract in place with Okemah ( Contract #940210053) . We would like to do an affiliate work order under the existing contract . If you could send me a copy of the contract and the form of affiliate work order , we can prepare it . My engineers are preparing a scope of work . Please confirm the existing contract is in effect and let me know if there is anything else we need to do to use an affiliate work order . Thanks for your help . Gerald Nemec
The agreements look ok . We discussed earlier the issue of whether or not the Lakeland agreement needed an out for filing with the Florida Public Service Commission or whether this filing was already made . If I remeber correctly , you were going to check on that . Did you have a chance to find anything out ? Enron North America Corp .
Joe , I would like to clarify which modifications are being made wrt each of the three landowners in the regarding heading . I am not clear which easment we are deleting paragraph 9 on .
My motto.... . Drink heavy , live fast , leave clean underwear .
The letter looks fine . I want to make sure that we don't record anything stating the ROW price . If we need to put it in Exhibit B or something else which is not recorded , let's do so . Thanks .
In a shocking move that will have the rest of the Big 12 playing recruiting "catch-up" , OU has snatched a solid commitment from all-state wide out Delmer Shanks As a freshman , Shanks is expected to play in the "Opossum" set of OU's daunting new offense . "The opossum spread is going to really fool people next year" , Shanks explained in a phone interview from an Oklahoma Kwickie Mart . "In the possum set , we take the left tackle and line him up out with 2 or 3 of our receivers . I lay up in the backfield , like a opossum , and then the center hikes the ball to the Tight End and then it's a hand off to either me or the quarterback." . When asked about why he commited to OU in the middle of the season , a usually slow time of year for recruiting , Shanks had this to say . "Well it was a no-brainer really.Skoalis going to be sponsoring OU athletics next year , so it just seemed like a natural fit . I really liked what they're gonna do with the uniforms , that sown-in dip ring they're putting on everyone's back pockets are gonna look real nice . They're also gonna do some neat stuff with the Switzer center too , gonna sell moon pies and stuff at the door." Shanks did not take any official visits to other schools before his commitment , though he did say Texas A&M and OU had expressed interest in him all along . "Yeah , they were plenty nice at A&M and Coach Slocum talked to momma a lot on the phone . He told her that this was gonna be the year they would pass more and that I would fit in real good with their high power pro-style attack" . It turns out that Delmer's mother did influence his decision some . A laughing Shanks explains , "Yeah , we was out back pitching washers and momma come hollering outside...said Stoops promised her I would wear #8 at OU . We all been Dale Earnhardt Jr . fans for a long time , so we seen the importance of what they was saying . They don't honor you like that OU unless they done taken a real liking to you." As the interview came to a close , Shanks had this to say , "Keep an eye on us , cause we're gonna be pretty darn good next year . We got 11 man plays in the book where the whole line is gonna go out on pass routes and we keep the water boy in to block for the quarterback . Boomer Sooner." Only time will tell if schools like Texas , Nebraska and others can keep up with Stoops and his amazing program .
Attached are the latest drafts ( Clean and redlined) . There are still blanks to be filled in for the numbers . Please review . The only question they ( Foti ) had on the O&M Agreement , was what the minimum yearly number would be .
Attached are a clean and redline version with all the blanks filled in .
Attached are clean and redline versions of the revised docs . Please review and forward to any I missed .
I forwarded this note to Exxon Human Resources . Please remain in your cube and someone will come for you shortly .
Some people just can't wait until the Nacho guy arrives . Yikes . Looks like we'll be roomies . Eric told me you were a babe magnet . All I ask is that I get the good looking one every other day .
Mark , I assume you are handling this one ?
Mark , Attached is the Howell Petroleum comments we discussed . Please handle accordingly . Joe Russo's numbers are ( 307 ) 332-3940 ( 307 ) 850-4341 cell phone Joe , Mark Van Skoyk in our Denver office will be taking the lead on all Lost Creek ROW issues . Thanks .
Marlene , We need to ask the counterparty what type of liens they have on their gas and we would want to limit it to those types in the contract . We need as specific a description as possible . If you want me to talk to someone at the counterparty I would be glad to do so . Need a name and phone number . Thanks .
Not sure what I am supposed to do with this .
Not sure if these are anything near what you are looking for but FYI .
D-Rock , Attached are a clean and redlined copy with my comments . I have noted a couple of areas where I still have questions . One that I didn't note in the agreement , is my concern that they could deny us a new Delivery Point if we can't agree on terms . We need to discuss this one tommorrow . I will shout out at ya tommorrow . The Artist
Where were you guys ? I really need help . In fact I need it so badly that I waited at Kenneally's until 2:00 am .
GT , Big game this week ! I heard ESPN Gameday is even going to be in Austin . Sounds pretty cool . OK if I crash at your place again ? I am planning on coming in early Saturday morning right now .
That sounds cool . We talk more later .
So in other words , a typical night in the Gillaspie household , except for the sex .
Attached is the agreement with my markups . Both clean and redlined .
Attached is a clean and redline version of the revised agreement . Dan has not had a chance to review all the new language , but in the interest of time , I am sending this out for review .
I know he's not actually planning to crack the seal on that book and to sponge off us , so I have been feeding him bad information all week . I can't wait until Kristi asks , "What could happen if you don't properly equalize?" and he answers , "You could have painful flatulence for 6 months."
What time is the tailgate kicking off ? I am still driving in on Saturday morning . Not sure if I have any 70s stuff , but I will take a look . Need a tie dye .
I feel your pain brother . I only about halfway through Section 1 . I haven't picked up the book in a while . I will have to catch up on Sunday because I will be in Austin on Saturday watching the Horns crushed the angry red menace . Is there a cliff notes version of this book? ?
Attached are clean and redline versions of my revisions to the Confidentiality Agreement . Please Note: 1 . I am not sure is the paragraph concerning US Technical Data is necessary . If it is , what are we receiving and what type of obligations would we have ? 2 . Need to get as specific as possible concerning the project in the first paragraph . I will be in a due diligence this afternoon and most of tommorrow . I will be checking voice mail .
Yes , I did receive it . I have been out of the office on a due diligence the last couple of days . I will review and get back to you tommorrow . Thanks .
Can you please pull the referenced contract and lets discuss .
Remember the line Clint gave when the bounty hunter wanted to take him back and he told Clint he we just trying to make a living . Clint responded "Dying ain't much of a livin boy!" Remember that . That was awesome .
T minus 10 days ?
Your welcome . Maybe drinks and moonpies . Sound good ? Maybe next week . We'll talk after the legal boondoggle .
I will be in the Woodlands til probably around 7:30 , but could meet you guys at that time . Where and when ? The Mausoleum ?
Please see attached .
FYI
Attached is the redline with the changes we discussed this morning .
Kay , Please review the attached and let me know if there are any issues . Thanks .
Kay , Another CA Data Sheet check . Thanks .
I'll be in town . Let me know the details . Eric may have trouble . After the stunt he pulled Tuesday , the Warden's angry .
I enjoyed lunch today also . It was nice to feel normal , even if only for a short time .
I am sending you some handwritten comments to this version . I am going home the rest of the day . If this is something that has to be sent out today , incorporate these comments in any new version . Otherwise lets talk about it
GT , I won't be able to come in for the game this weekend . I am taking a scuba diving class and I have open water dives on both Saturday and Sunday . I am kinda pissed off at myself that I didn't realize this when I signed up for the class but now I am committed . I will still sell the tickets to your brother and nephew if they want them though . I can FEDEX the tickets to you by Friday or worst case , just have the ticket office leave passes for the seats at will call . Let me know .
I will FEDEX the tickets . Party hard for me . G , You need to come to Houston when you get a chance and well have a good time .
GT , Ticket went Fedex today , and should be there tommorrow after 10 am . If not please let me know . I will get tix to Big 12 game and join the party bus . Is Stacy going ? Sar !
Neta , I understand you currently have an agreement in place with Jomax Construction . Enron Midstream Services , L.L.C . wants to do an affiliate work order under the existing agreement . Can you email the details on the agreement and forward a copy of the agreement . I will use the form of Affiliate Work Order you forwarded prior . Thanks for your help .
Ah yes ! A mini 2 year old cheese burger . Why should that cause problems ?
I again reviewed the storage contracts on which large value has been assessed . The Cove Point LNG , Limited Partnership and Egan Hub Partners , L.P . are both FERC regulated entities and both agreements have negotiated rates . The Cove Point deal has a negotiated reservation charge and the Egan Hub Partners has a negotiated storage reservation and injection charge . Since we are buying the assets of Columbia and assigning the contracts to Enron and these deals are at less than max rates , they would be subject to reposting upon assignment and there would be no guarantee that Enron would receive these rates in a competetive bidding situation . It is my understanding the discounts were taken into account for valuation purposes , however these discounts are at risk due to posting requirements . The remainder of the storage contracts would require consents to assign . Note: Any transport contracts with discounted rates would be subject to the same as above . I am verifying the reposting requirements with Randy Rich of Bracewell & Patterson ( FERC Counsel ) and he is to get back with me early this afternoon . I will let you know if anything changes .
Dan , Attached is a clean and redlined version of my changes . As we discussed , the letter is now non-binding .
Tell her that I will buy her all the beer she wants if she goes to Cozumel with us . Just two conditions . Craig stays home and she rooms with me !
Dan , Attached is a clean and redlined version of the non-binding LOI . Let me know if you have any questions .
GT , Was that an ass kicking or what ? The game look like a blast on TV . I am still pissed I missed it . Did you get the tickets okay ? Hope so . How was the Tailgate ? Any sweet sweet babies ?
More Coz 2000 T-shirt slogans . 2 . Diving , Booze , and BuckCherry ! 3 . Maximize your Bottom Time , Day or Night ! 4 . I was Kristi's Favorite Student . ( For Gerald's T-shirt only ) 5 . Air Tanks and Margaritas . All the necessary equipment ! 6 . Charter member of the BADC . (  The Bad Ass Diving Club. )
I am officially a certified scuba diver ! All set for Cozumel in February . You can still get in on the trip if your interested . How did Lisa take the Red Raider butt whipping ? Give her my condolences .
Jim , Attached is a clean and redline version of your letter with my comments . The deal maker on this one is probably the appropriate person to sign this one . Is it Jim Ducote ? Is Greg Brazaitis or Steve Schneider aware of this project ?
Pat , Could you print all these out for me . I need two copies . Thanks .
Attached are clean and redlined versions of the interconnect agreements with revisions . Please review and if okay foward to Pace for their review .
Ken , Attached is the form of tasking letter . Please fill out Part I or have Karl Durant fill it out as best we can . You can return the form to me and I will forward to High Mountain for execution .
Kay , Please review the attached . Once again , thanks for your help .
GT , I was surfing on the aggie BBS during lunch and stumbled across a post with this picture on it . This is hilarious . Go to this site and take a look .
A little Mihm action .
Mark , Attached are redlines of the revisions to the O&M and CSA Docs .
Same stuff going on here . Lisa and I are still settling things . Looks like I am going to keep the house . So you need to come into town and well have a good time . My address is: 1403 Banks Houston , Texas 77006 I am hooked up with tickets to the Big 12 game . Are you guys still planning on a bus to SA ?
In the literate world ( outside of Iowa ) this is a "poll" , not "pole" .
I was thinking about coming into Austin Friday night and driving up with you guys on Saturday and staying in Austin again Saturday night . I am going to have a friend with me ( male unfortunately ) since I have two tickets . Let me know if that fits in with your plans .
Three problems with this Draft . 1 . In Paragraph 1.1 , they removed my requirement of installing a system to meet "all of Enron's electrical power requirements for the Driver" . My concern here is that they put in equipment that is not adequate to handle our load requirements . At a minimum we should state a specific load requirement for this station . E.g . 10,000 HP . 2 . In Paragraph 1.1 , they inserted a requirement that Plain's approve any in-service date for the driver and that the Telecommunication Equipment would be in-service by such date . My draft had a date established by Enron solely and Plains would have to meet such date . I think we need control of our in-service date without Plains prior approval . We will be reasonable in establishing such date . 3 . Plains disclaims all warranties with respect to the Telecommunication Equipment . This was not in the first draft . We need some assurance that this equipment will do the job we need it to . I would be happy to discuss these directly with Plains' attorneys at their convenience .
Arnold , Do you have a name and number of the Plains attorneys ( or someone who has their number ) so I can discuss the attached issues with them concering the Comm Agreement .
Attached is the final version of the mechanical maintenance agreement .
Attached is Greg's email with my response in bold inserted . Based on my review notes . Let me know if you need anything else . Enron North America Corp .
GT , Do you have a ticket for the game set up . The guy going to the game with me , is not 100% committed . If you don't need it , he will use it . I will be coming to Austin by myself though and he would meet me at the game . Are you driving up to SA with anyone ?
Attached is a short summary of our review of the Transport and Storage ( Off System ) for KN Marketing .
Attached is the due diligence review summary prepared by the legal asset groups for the West Texas Assets at the KN Data Room . Steve is continuing to review the information on the gathering/processing portion and we will update as info is available .
Anne , Attached is a list of the contracts , documents , or information which we still need for our review . Let me know if you have any questions .
Dan , Attached are the amendments drafts for the Gas Purchase Agreement and the Gathering Agreement . Revised Exhibit As which include the Caballo area need to be created . Also John Crecink with MTG needs to provide the list of lease in the added reserve areas .
FYI
Attached are the updated contract briefs for those two KN Interstate Transmission Co . contracts that mention the Pony Express Extension . The only thing added was some further MDQ information .
Joe , Attached is the document with the revisions we discussed . Please review and if acceptable prepare the executables .
Dan , Attached is my revised letter agreement for the Maverick Pack Gas purchase . Needs to be printed in ENA letterhead . Please review and let me know if you have any questions .
Sounds like your most effective weapon is your coach .
Attached is the revised letter agreement .
Please forward to my attention at: 1400 Smith Suite EB3883 Thanks for your help .
Mark , Enron Compression Services is correct . Thanks .
Attached are drafts of the MidCon Interconnect Agreement for Deer Park and Greens Bayou . The agreements are written with the following key points . 1 . HPL will install both meter facility to mutally agreeable specifications . 2 . HPL will own and operate the Greens Bayou Point . 3 . MidCon will own and operate the Deer Park Point . 4 . All costs to install both interconnects will be shared 50/50 by the Parties under a true up mechanism based on actual costs . 5 . Pressure committments by both Parties for 5 years , with failure to meet such committments resulting in reimbursement by the failing Party of all costs borne by the non-failing Party for that interconnect only at which the pressure committment is not met . 6 . Each Party has a right to use at all times 50% of the then available capacity at each interconnect , unless a Party fails to meet its pressure Please review .
Article 4 and 6 are the most relevant
Dan , The only other thing I can think of is taking a security interest in the assets we are financing , if we are concerned about these guys being a credit risk . We did this with the MTG deal . I have a form of mortgage agreement which works with this type of deal . I would guess credit needs to make that call . Let me know if you want the form . Enron North America Corp .
Attached is the form of amendment to the Dow Brining and Cavern Lease Agreement . Please let me know if you have any questions .
Laura , Heard it around town that today is your birthday . Happy Birthday ! Gerald
Nothing planned for Sat . My home phone is ( 713 ) 942-8066 and my cell is ( 281 ) 772-9250 . Give me a call and let's try and hook up .
Attached is a clean and redlined versions of the Gateway and Rio Nogales with the revisions we discussed . Please review and if acceptable , please forward to Pace . Merry Christmas .
Dan , Attached is the form . It references the agreement we are lending the money under ( and Events of Default thereunder ) and also needs to have exhibits prepared . We probably also should check to see if there are any existing Security Interest in these assets . The ones we know that we are subordinate to should be noted in the mortgage . Shonnie has a contact in Wyoming she has used before to search the county records for any existing security interest .
Dan , Please review . I will be in tommorrow morning and we can discuss and changes needed .
You have probably done this already , but remove any reference to SCADA in the Alstom agreement .
I received the e-mail . Thanks .
We are doing business as Enron Compression Services Company . Let me know if you need anything else .
Steve , Attached is a short bullet point list of the results of our transport review .
Attached is the revised CSA
Steve , Attached are briefs of the agreements wrt Dunwoody interest in some of Teco's systems . Please let me know if there is any section you need me to expand on .
Please review the attached . Thanks
Stephanie , Attached is the agreement with my comments redlined . I would be happy to discuss with you or Kern at your convenience .
Kay , Please review attached . Thanks .
Per Shonnie Daniel's request , I am forwarding Schedule I to the Participation Agreement .
John , I have a flight this afternoon to San Antonio . I will take this note with me and review . I will call you either late this evening or tommorrow morning to discuss .
Steve , Here it is . Enjoy .
Let's talk .
Kay , Please review the attached . Thanks .
Brad , Please reviewed the attached before we send to MidCon for their review . Pay particular attention to the pressure committment sections . Thanks .
Steve , Let's take out the reference to approaching the FERC in this letter . I would emphasize that they have had more than enough time for a response and while we would like to think they are cooperating , the lack of response little reason to believe otherwise . Suggest that any further delay would require us to explore all our options for access into CMS . At this point I would feel more comfortable with suggesting we would need to go to FERC via a phone conversation with CMS . Let me know if you want to discuss this further . Enron North America Corp .
FYI . Looks like it did have review after all .
Let's see . Meeting Kristi at a bar . All signs point to YES .
Neta , Please confirm that MSA #940210048 with Jomax construction is still in effect . Thanks .
GT , Whats up brother ? Haven't heard from you in a while . Did you buy the house ? Any babe action ?
Ryan , If you keep sending emails to her every 30 minutes , she will eventually respond . I am on to your twisted little games .
GT , That sounds great on the house . What are you remodeling ? The carpet and kitchen ? I have been out chasing some myself . It is amazing how may screwed women there are out there . Some good looking ones though . I am out of town the next couple of weekends , but some time after that would be good . Early February around the 12th or any time thereafter . Sounds like you are going to be busy moving in the house during that time also . Let me know .
Happy Birthday to You ! Happy Birthday to You ! Happy Birthday dear Sharona ! Happy Birthday to You ! Love , Gerald
It worked , You guys are officially online now . Everything here is fine . I will likely have a roommate in the next couple of weeks . A friend of mine who also works at Enron is moving back to Houston from Portland . This will work out great and also help me with the mortgage payments . Take care and talk to you later . Gerald
Lisa , Attached is a spreadsheet which divides the property . Please review and note the following: 1 . No values for the 401K's are in the sheet . Blank at this time . 2 . The blue values can be changed and the sheet should adjust accordingly . 3 . Please review the calculations behind the cells to understand how I am calculating the values on the sheet . If you want to sit down and go over this together at your convenience , I would be happy to do so . If you find something upsetting , please call and let's discuss before you talk to anyone else . Gerald
Thanks for all your work on the trip Amy . I'll tell Dan you deserve a big raise .
The docs should be with Carolyn Gilley in Contract Records .
Kay , Could you pull and send me copies of any Confidentiality Agreements any Enron entities have with the following companies: Bay Gas Storage Energy South Not sure what type of entities they are . Let me know if you need any further information . Thanks for your help .
By the time of this meeting , I will be about $10,000 richer with a 6 ft . tall half-clothed showgirl on each arm . So please send Kristi my greetings ! When upon learning I will not be in attendance , she goes into a deep state of depression , inform her that she had her chance and that ship has sailed . OK , I will reconsider , but only if she grovels .
Kay , Could you send me a copy of the draft of the HNG Agreement . Thanks
Lets skin that smoke wagon !
I noticed that there was one bio missing . So here goes , Eric Gillaspie: 28 Junior Attorney extradonaire for Enron North America , wannabe Rock-n-Roll star . Prone to performing at least one incredibly embarassing act every time he goes out drinking including , but not limited to , falling down in bars , kicking people on the dance floor with his incredibly gay dance steps , and lapsing into siezures resulting in the tossing of a full Gin&Tonic on senior attorneys . Often mistaken for the cute little guy in the movie "Jerry Maguire" ( Dogs and Bees can smell fear ) not only because of his looks , but also his level of speech and depth of conversation . Thinks the Rolling Stones stole all of their best material from BuckCherry and finally , "Our dive captain" .
Jim , Attached are the interconnect agreements for the MidCon Flagstaff ( formerly Greens Bayou ) and Deer Park points . The pressure of 550 psig is in the Flagstaff agreement . Please review and if acceptable please forward to
Steve , Attached is the confidentiality agreement .
Las Vegas was alot of fun . The weather was awesome . In the 60s with clear skies . However , I had no luck at gambling . The cards just weren't falling for me in Black Jack . Yes , a friend of mine from Enron is moving back to Houston from Portland , so this is working out great . Very close to getting the divorce finalized . Should be done in a week or two . Talk to you later and hope all finds you well .
Pat , I will be out the 4 , 7 , and 8th of Feb .
Attached is a clean and redlined version of the Kern River CA
Has-Been College Football Dynasties . Hmmm , lets see . Who else would fit into that category ?
Dan , Attached are the draft Kennedy Amendments . Please review and forward to Kennedy if acceptable .
Please disregard the prior versions .
New email is Gerald.Nemec@enron.com
Thanks for the greeting card . I am not sure if the guy mooning me meant something , but I will take it in a humorous manner . Remember , Be strong and confident . Gerald ( G$ )
Attached is a draft for your review . Please review and lets discuss any comments . After re-reading the purchase and gathering agreement , I think the amendments should work in their present form . The 2,500 Western gas needs to be noted as an exception on Exhibits A of both Agreements . Exception should read "Up to the first 2,500 mmbtu/day of production from the Caballo Area shall be delivered to Western... . with ENA ( or EMS as applicable for the agreement ) receiving all volumes in excess of such 2,500 mmbtu/day . Any decline in the Caballo Area production shall apply ratably between Western's 2,500 mmbtu/day and ENA's ( or EMS as applicable for the agreement ) production levels." I got my mind on my money and my money on my mind .
Attached are the latest revisions . The Compression Admin . Agreement includes a clean and redlined version . Please review .
Thanks for the note . Hope you and Will have a wonderful Valentines Day .
Dan , Attached is the revised gathering amendment for your review .
Susan , Attached is a draft of the side letter for regulatory out we discussed last week along with the operational control agreement . Please review and let me know if you have any questions .
Nice job on the photos . Really makes me realize how drunk I was at certain times . The good thing is that the "Dude" I met in Joe's and I are now pen pals and he will be coming to Houston to visit very soon . Maybe he was my long lost brother . I am making a phone call to my Mom right now too see if she has anything she wants to explain to me .
Steve , Do you have an executed copy of the Trunkline Confidentiality Agreement for the LNG terminal in Lake Charles ? Need to get one for our files . Thanks .
That's not funny !
It is all about drinking with you isn't it ? You need to get a grip . I will have to pass on the Rudz Suds as I will be dining at one of Houston's finer eateries with captains of industry tonight . However , Eric and I were kicking around a possible road trip to the beautiful island of Galveston this weekend . Saturday or Sunday ? Think that nice friend of yours , Willis , might be interested ? Please respond appropriately with your level of interest ! Just to anticipate the tone of your response , I will go ahead and call you a "Smart Ass" right now .
It is showing up on my computer and seems to be working .
RFP , I had a good time also . The bands were interesting though . I bet that dude in the helmet sweated his ass off during the performance . The date was actually her call . We are meeting some of her friends out for dinner and drinks and then some sweet sweet love . Seriously , this girl is cool and a lot of fun . Should be a good time . Of course I am assuming that the date is still on . In my clear thinking state last night when I left Rudz ( a la 1 pm ) I called her and woke her up . I really have no idea what I said to her . She may not be speaking to me anymore . What was with Willis last night ? No show ! Let's circle the wagons this afternoon to discuss Galveston .
I'm sorry . Eric and I aren't speaking at the moment due to creative differences . I want only the orange M&M's removed from our dressing room and he wants only the brown ones removed .
Attached is Exhibit C to the Gallup O&M Agreement . The original document left this Exhibit to follow later . We also still owe you Exhibit B ( Description of Compressor Motor Facilities ) to the O&M Agreement and Exhibit B to the CSA ( Proposed form of No . 21 Schedule) . These will follow shortly .
Attached for your review is the letter agreement which locks in the Gas Conversion Agreement pricing .
Sounds like a good trip if there are spaces available . I think our dive captain is checking availability . Of course our dive captain is also hesitant about being swallowed whole by a Whale Shark . I told him that with a house to remodel that would probably be a blessing . Let us know what your schedule is . See if we can't hook up Thursday or Friday for lunch . I open and I am sure Nacious E would be too .
True . Especially after I cut E's fat plump rump roast with my dive knife to chum the waters a little . Let's shoot for Friday for lunch . Maybe I go back to work after that or maybe I don't . No other three Czech brothers can cruise so successfully in tight slacks ! Things are going well with little Cynthia . She is really fun and easy to talk to . I am not sure what my intentions are right now but we enjoy each others company .
Stephanie , Could you please add me to the distribution list for these types of meetings . Thanks .
Tracy , Thanks for the pictures . Cute kid . Frank does look like you . I need to come by and see Frank in person . Sorry that I have been out of the loop for some time but sometimes life is weird . I am sure Tom told you that Lisa and I are getting divorced . It is still hard for me to comprehend this , but all I can do is continue to move forward with my life . Anyway , hope to see you guys soon sometime and keep sending pictures . Gerald
Yes I am ! Let me know what time you are available and where you are this week and I will pick an appropriate location . G$ and Nacious E are available . You need a nickname too . Let's ponder this one and submit ideas .
Let's plan on meeting at the Original Tila's ( not Teala's ) on Kirby right where the road curves before it heads down to Allen Parkway . Around 11:45 am ? As far as nicknames go: Punchy Steel Nipple Cherry Vodka The Ambassador Sling ( you will sing all our Police cover tunes )
Ruppert , If you there , call me at work immediately . 713-853-3512 .
Mark , Attached is a draft of the power agreement with my changes redlined in . I still have a few more , but wanted to get the majority of these to you asap . Targeting Monday to forward to CDEC .
Everything is going well . Sorry I haven't gotten back to you , but I have been really busy at work and with other things . I will give a call when I get a chance .
Attached is a clean and redline version with my changes . I made a few further refinements to the agreement . I think it would be a good idea to walk CDEC through these changes as a lot of these are form not substance .
Mark , Please disregard the prior versions and review this one . This includes Section 1.4 which requires CDEC to provide us access with the load projection systems that are in place .
FYI
Janet , Attached is a clean and redlined version of the Confidentiality Agreement ( Trunkline ) with the revisions we discussed . Please review . Bobby Gaspard with Trunkline , asked that I forward the revised draft via email and after their review an executable . Please forward to Bobby for his review at bjgaspard@cmsenergy.com if you are okay with this draft .
Looks like we got another one . Sounds like we duplicate the agreement we create for Ginger and use for this interconnect . Let's discuss when we get a chance .
Well it looks like Eric is now officially burden with an oppressive mortgage . Won't be long before he is out mowing the lawn in Bermuda short and sandals with black socks . Eventually all the good ones go down . What up with you , JT ?
Jeff , Attached is the form with some modifications . Please see that this is the form utilized for all releases in the future . Please call me if you have any questions . ( 713 ) 853-3512
Attached is a clean and redlined version the agreement with our revisions .
Ken , This is the complete document . The schedule are attached to it .
Stephanie , I forwarded a hard copy of the operational control letter yesterday . Let me know if you don't have it . Attached is the price letter . There is no formal contract in place between TW and EE&CC for the construction . Both TW and ECS as I understand , have signed AFE's with EE&CC for the projects . We will most likely have to address this risk in the Contribution Agreement . I will talk with Mark and Mark about this . PPA- we are expecting comments back from CDEC late today . Schedule is now to review their comments and meet with them Tuesday ( via phone or in person ) to finalize . We can likely get Patti a copy after Tuesday . Contribution Agreement - Pending resolution of the construction risk issues , we can have a draft for Patti early next week .
TW has the final draft , since they prepared the document . I have asked for it via email . As soon as I receive I will forward . Thanks . Enron Global Finance
Here it is .
See attached and let me know if you have any questions .
I have directed my boy Eric to do some research and he came up with the following . Attendance at one or both shows is a possibility . Interested ?
Bob , Please review the attached scope of work from Jeff Gilliam . He wants to prepare a Work Offer under the Moutain West MSA with the attached . Please review and lets discuss if you have questions .
Pat , Please use the distribution on the attached email for the meeting notice . In the meeting notice please remind attendees to bring the action items we discussed at the previous meeting summary forwarded earlier .
GT , What's up ? Got that house in order yet ? Keeps you busy doesn't it . Hope everything is going well . I and the redfaced Eric are thinking about a road trip to Austin on the weekend of March 18th . A band we really want to check out ( Tenacious D ) is playing at La Zona Rosa on Sat . the 18th . Are you going to be around that weekend ? We have confirmation via some web site that Tenacious D will be there , but have tried calling La Zona Rosa about tix with no success . Do you know anything about this place ? Are the concerts usually walk up tix sales ? Let me know what your schedule looks like . Oh yeah , Eric's wife Jennifer will probably accompany him to Austin . Eric couldn't get a hall pass for the weekend .
Attached is a clean and redlined version of the agreement with my changes after discussion with Dick Shirley and Fred Lackey this morning . I will also fax a copy to them .
Sure . Let me know when and where .
That sounds fine . I haven't recieved any further mail for you from Shell . I think you said there should be more coming .
Attached is the EnergyShare 2000 Agreement with my revisions included . Included is both a clean and redlined version . I did not review in detail the payment calculation methodology . I will leave this to Mark Courtney and John Scarborough for their review . Please feel free to call me at ( 713 ) 853-3512 if you have any questions or wish to discuss my revisions .
Kay , Please review the attached . Thanks for your help .
Attached is the letter agreement which extended the EE&CC confidentiality agreement to our deal . Please review and if it looks OK , print out on ENA letterhead two copies for execution . I will need an original when it is executed .
GT , Sounds like things are going well . Can't wait to check out the house and Heather . As for myself , I have been hanging out with Cynthia . Met her through a friend . I guess we are dating . Not to anxious to stay with one girl at this point . I'll let you know more early next week about the road trip . Take care . You wouldn't happen to know someone who could get us cheap South by Southwest passes . We think we will need those passes to see Tenacious D .
Here are their comments . I will review over the weekend and lets plan on discussing Monday morning .
Attached is the revised scope of work for use with the Mt . West Work Offer .
Hello ! Hope your day is going well . As for me , it has been pretty busy . Dropped my tux off at lunch and it only took about 2 seconds . I know you were looking forward to going with me to drop that off , but you missed out . I had a great time this weekend . Thanks again for accompanying me to the UH affair extraordinair . Nice dress! ! Have a great rest of the day and I will talk to you later .
Attached is the form of CA . Set up as a bilateral for asset deals primarily . Easily adjusted to suit your needs though .
If Men TRULY Ran The World.. . 1 . Breaking up would be a lot easier . A smack to the ass and a "Nice hustle , you'll get'em next time" would pretty much do it . 2 . Birth control would come in ale or lager . 3 . Valentine's Day would be moved to February 29th so it would only occur in leap years . 4 . On Groundhog Day , if you saw your shadow , you'd get the day off to go drinking . Mother's Day too . 5 . St . Patrick's Day , however , would remain exactly the same . But it would be celebrated every month . 6 . Garbage would take itself out . 7 . Regis and Kathie Lee would be chained to a cement mixer and pushed off the Golden Gate Bridge for the most lucrative pay-per-view event in world history . 8 . The only show opposite "Monday Night Football" would be "Monday Night Football from a Different Camera Angle." 9 . Instead of "beer-belly," you'd get "beer-biceps." 10 . Tanks would be far easier to rent . 12 . When a cop gave you a ticket , every smart-aleck answer you responded with would actually reduce your fine . As in: Cop: "You know how fast you were going?" You: "All I know is , I was spilling my beer all over the place." Cop: "Nice one , That's $10.00 off" . 13 . People would never talk about how fresh they felt . 14 . Daisy Duke shorts would never go out of style again . 15 . Every man would get four , real Get Out of Jail Free cards per year . 16 . Telephones would cut off after 30 seconds of conversation . 17 . It would perfectly legal to steal a sports car , as long as you returned it the following day with a full tank of gas . 18 . Instead of a fancy , expensive engagement ring , you could present your wife-to-be with a giant foam hand that said "You're #1!" . 19 . When your girlfriend really needed to talk to you during the game , she'd appear in a little box in the corner of the screen during a time-out . 20 . Nodding and looking at your watch would be deemed as an acceptable response to "I love you." 21 . The funniest guy in the office would get to be CEO . 22 . "Sorry I'm late , but I got wasted last night," would be an acceptable excuse for tardiness . 23 . At the end of the workday a whistle would blow and you would jump out of your window and slide down the tail of a brontosaurus and right into your car like Fred Flintstone . 24 . Lifeguards could remove citizens from beaches for violating the "public ugliness" ordinance . 25 . Hallmark would make "Sorry , what was your name again?" cards .
Attached is the final version of the Bammel Compression Turnkey Construction Agreement used in Project Looper . This agreement will require some modification for use in Project Coca-Cola , but is a good starting point . In the interest of efficiency I am circulating this for your review and comments . We can then discuss how this needs to be tailored for the CO2 project . Please note the following with respect to this agreement: 1 . A detailed engineering scope of work will be required for the treaters . 2 . Given the financing objectives for this project , this agreement should be as lump sum price as possible with liquidated damages for in-service date risk . 3 . A performance criteria guarantee section will need to be added which references specific plant peformance criteria in the scope of work . FYI , I will be in Albuquerque tommorrow for a Compression Services project . After your review let's discuss .
Mark , The letter with my comments incorporated .
David , Attached is a short term sheet agreement that I propose we put into place for the Gallup electric driver which EECC is installing for Enron Compression Services Company . As I understand it now , we have only an AFE with signature for this deal in place . As I indicated on my voice mail , I need something more substantial in place for assignment , since we are selling a portion of this project off to investors . Please review and lets discuss . Timing unfortunately is not long as usual . I would like to meet as soons as your schedule allows . Thanks .
Yeah , LSU almost lost though . Should be interesting . I think the SEC in general is a little overrated after the Kentucky and LSU games
Attached is the assignment and contribution agreement for your review . I would like to get your feedback prior to wide circulation . Note: We are still working with EE&CC to put a basic construction agreement in place for assignment to the LLC . ECS retains payment obligation under the construction agreement even after assignment into the LLC . Thanks for your help .
FYI , The issue we discussed this morning .
David , Attached is the agreement with the revisions we discussed . Please review . I tried to redline againt the previous version , but any section that I modified displayed as an entire rewrite of the section . Maybe you will have better luck redlining . Please call with any questions . X 33512 .
Got the redline to work . Attached is the redlined version of the construction agreement .
I reviewed these changes and they look fine . Please prepare the executables . Thanks .
Attached for your review in the Gallup Transaction are the following documents: 1 . Assignment and Contribution Agreement - Assignment operational documents and rights in assets from ECS into the LLC 2 . Engineering , Procurement , and Construction Agreement - Defines relationship between ECS and Enron Engineering and Construction Company for installation of the motor driver at Gallup . This document will be assigned into the LLC except for that portion which relates to the electric power transmission line . The utility will take ownership of the transmission line per the power purchase agreement . Also forwarded via hard copy yesterday , was the executed Power Purchase Agreement . Please let me know if you have not received this yet . I will shortly email the form of gas purchase agreement between the LLC and ECS . This will merely be a new Confirm ( Transaction Agreement "C" ) which will operate under the existing Enfolio Master Firm Purchase Agreement between ECS and the LLC which was created for Kachina .
Henry , I will resend a copy of the PPA .
Hi Katie , Looks like you got the address right . I too enjoyed talking with you last night . I know you were disappointed to be distracted from your research project for a while . Its been a busy week so far . The end of the yearly quarter always is . Last minute deals have to be closed to book the income . At this time of year the commercial dealmakers get that wild eyed looked which says "I have got to get this project done or I am out of here" . March 31 can't arrive soon enough . Got any big plans for the weekend ? Hanging out at the Dixie Chicken or is that only where rookies hang out ? Take care and I'll talk to you later . Gerald
How are things going ? Haven't talked to you in a while . As for me , I am fine . Work is pretty busy right now . We are at the end of the quarter and have to get certain deals closed before March 31 , so it can get hectic . My roommate will be leaving shortly . He got a job opportunity with his family in North Carolina , so he will be moving . Didn't last very long , but I knew that was a possibility when he moved in . Are you guys getting into the wedding planning mode now with Sharon . It should really be a beautiful wedding up in Estes Park . Very nice mountain scenery . Take care and I will talk with you later . Gerald .
Gentlemen , Yes that means you , Eric . Please review the attached and give me any comments before I distribute to the group .
Amy , I revised a few things in the agreement . Should be ready to go .
Heather , I talked further with Transwestern Counsel today concerning the issues and have the following points; 1 . FERC was made aware of the Compression Services arrangement with ECS in the filings for the certification of the Kachina units . FERC simply didn't ask any further questions in that proceeding . The Operation & Maintenance Agreements in place for the Kachina units essentially accomplishes the same tasks as the Operational Control Agreement in Gallup . TW feels the O&M agreements would be adequate to address any concerns about TW's regulatory responsibility over the compressor facilities . The Operational Control agreement was put into place in the Gallup Transaction because it was thought to be easier to give FERC exactly what is was looking for rather than provide them with the Gallup O&M Agreement which might unecessarily complicate the certification process at that time . 2 . There is no basis in FERC Regs or the NGA for FERC to impose any type of penalty or discontinue the Compression Service due to TW's operation of Kachina without the Operational Control Agreement . No regs or law address this situation . Again this is tempered by the fact that FERC was made aware of the arrangement and didn't ask any questions and the O&M agreement is in place to accomplish control for TW . 3 . I also faxed you a copy of Section 19(c ) of the NGA which indicates that the petition for rehearing does not effect the status of the certificate . Construction is moving ahead and the targeted start date is May 1 . I will forward the filing TW made wrt to the Operational Control Agreement as soon as I recieve it . Let me know if you have any further questions ( 713 )
Attached is the letter under which TW approved the Power Purchase Agreement . I will forward an executed copy as well .
Please review the attached . I am still waiting on an answer from Davis concerning Section 3.2 . It may need to be tweaked a little more .
Hi Katie , I am feeling good about status of the deals ! Looks like we should close next Wednesday . So as it stands now , I don't think I will have to work this weekend . Of course now that I just said that , it almost positive that something will come up . Hmmm , Actually work might not be such a bad thing as my alternative is helping my roommate pack his stuff up for his move to North Carolina . Have a great weekend ! Talk to you soon . Gerald
In the spirit of your previous email , check this one out .
Susan , Attached is the amendment we discussed . We would like to execute this today . Mark indicated that Steve would sign today if everything looks OK . Thanks for your help , Susan .
John , Good to hear from you . Things are going fine . There aren't really any parking garages close to the ballpark and getting near the ballpark on an open lot will be damn near impossible . I believe metro will be running a shuttle from open lots in downtown which are probably about 10 blocks away from the park . There are several of these lots around the Enron building and Smith and Lousiana St . Might be worth checking the either the Metro web site or the Enron Field web site to get exact details on the Shuttle routes . I believe the shuttle will drop off directly in front of the park . I received the Nemec Family Reunion flyer recently . Looks like your whole family got drafted into service this year . I guess thats a danger of showing up at those things . Take care and we'll talk to you later .
Thanks , That does the trick .
Attached for review is the Confirmation ( under existing Enfolio Master Firm Purchase Agreement between ECS and ECC ) for the gas received by ECC from TW pursuant to the Gas Conversion Agreement .
Attached is the form of Amendment to the Gas Conversion Agreement that was executed by TW on Friday . The Amendment does the following: 1 . Shifts gas flow delivery to commence upon the Start Date instead of the 2 month lag . 2 . Deems the Start Date for all operational documents with TW to be May 1 , 2000 regardless of when physical start up occurs . Please contact me at ( 713 ) 853-3512 with any questions .
Attached are Exhibits A to both the Operation and Maintenance Agreement and the Contribution and Assignment Agreement - Description of the Assets The descriptions of the Assets are duplicate on both Exhibits .
Attached is the Gas Purchase Agreement between Enron Compression Services Company and Enron North America Corp . This backs the gas deal between ECS and ECC , LLC . The pricing and terms are identical . Note: In the Kachina deal we used Enron Natural Gas Marketing instead of ENA for this gas deal . After discussions with tax and accounting , there were no objections to using ENA in this deal . Please review .
Ruppert , Unfortunately it doesn't look like I am going to be able to make it due to work . If things change I will let you know . Happy Birthday!! !
Susan , Attached is a description of the Gallup Facilities which should be attached as Exhibit A to the Gallup O&M Agreement . This was prepared from information forwarded by Enron Engineering & Construction Company . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks very much for your help and short turnaround on the amendments Friday .
Thanks for the phone message . Glad you made it safely . It was fun while it lasted . I received your avalanche of Inside Texas reports . I will spend the afternoon going through those . Should make for a busy day . Give me a call when you get settle and let me know how things are going . Have you told your parents you want airlines miles or points for name brand merchandise during your stay at the house ? Talk to you later and take care .
Janet , This is the last correspondance I had regarding that confidentiality agreement . Not sure if Bobby Gaspard has seen the draft yet or not . Let me know what you need . Thanks .
Kay , Please see attached . Thanks
Attached is a draft of the EPNG for your review and El Paso's . Let me know when you want executables .
Hi Katie , How is my favorite Aggie ? Its been a hectic week so far . This deal is scheduled to close Thursday morning and then a I catch a flight to Denver Thursday afternoon . I have been putting the guys off in our Denver office for some time so I will be busy with them all day Friday and then a flight back to Houston on Saturday . Denver is a cool town , so it should be fun on Friday night . How is the research project going ? Any major breakthroughs in the health area . Remember me when you win the Nobel Prize ! Gerald
Attached is a redlined Assignment and Contribution Agreement with changes requested by Bracewell & Patterson . Please let me know if you have any questions .
Eric , Please take a stab at drafting the interconnect agreement . This is Mary Jo's deal .
Steve , Those were CPS's suggested changes , not mine . I agree . I don't know what they want for Section 6 and Jim has agreed to get with CPS to get further definition . I also recommend pulling the language inserted in Section 3 as Jim indicated we have already submitted all the estimates . The Bexar county venue is unacceptable and will be stricken . David Marshall is reviewing the insurance section and should have an answer today .
Hi Katie , So far so good . Busy but moving forward . It will be interesting to see if I catch my flight or if I have to delay it some . Denver should be nice . I was watching the weather channel and it appears that it will be pretty cold up there . I saw something about lows in the 10-20s . Yikes ! You're right though . I enjoy traveling every once in a while for a change of pace . The guys I work with up there are fun , so that makes the work go alot easier . Take care and talk to you later . Gerald
Sometimes the media gets it right .
Hi Katie , Yes I am back in town . Sorry I wasn't able to return your email yesterday . It has just been crazy around here and I am leaving for San Antonio tommorrow and will be out the rest of the week for the Enron Legal Conference . It is going to be at La Cantera on the northwest side of SA . The place sounds pretty relaxing , so it should be fun . Back in Houston Friday late . Yea Denver was nice . Slight delay in the flight , but not due to weather . Just the usual airline misadventures . It was snowing pretty hard when I arrived . Kinda nice to be around some actual cold weather for a change . Worked all day Friday and stayed with some friends Sat . night . Wish I had time to go up to the mountains for skiing . So your not big on skiing huh ? The first time I went I hated it , but as you get better it really becomes a lot of fun . Last time I went ( last March ) I tried snowboarding . It was a lot of work to learn a new snow sport . It was cool after I got the hang of it , except for dislocating my shoulder . Ouch ! Sounds like ya'll had a good time at Northgate . I hate it when friends take you out and get you drunk . That seems to happen to me occasionally . OK more than occasionally . This time change does make for a rough week . I didn't wake up until 8:00 am for work on Monday . Just a little later for work than usual . Coming into Houston anytime soon ? If you get a chance , I'd really like to take you to dinner sometime . Take care . Bye ! Gerald
I will revise the documents to reflect Flagstaff and the items we discussed at the meeting previously . Kevin's email indicates he wants to remove the language concerning a party obligations to refund the costs of the interconnect paid for by that party , if the other party is unable to maintain their pressure obligations . Does this need to stay or be removed ? If this needs to stay , should someone tell Kevin that it will remain in the agreement ? 
Jim , It is in the attached string of emails . The 5th one down .
Attached for review are the clean and redlined versions of the new Field Services and Gas Purchase Agreements . Also attached is a Termination agreement which terminates the existing agreements with Kennedy . Please review . Dan , Please make sure the Purchase Agreement pricing is accurate . Independant will follow tommorrow .
Attached is the amendment to the field services agreement and a new construction agreement for the incremental collection facilities . Independant needs to prepare Exhibit A to the construction agreement . This is a description of the facilities to be constructed . The construction agreement is the exact form which was executed for the initial Collection Facilities . Please review and if everthing looks acceptable , please forward to Independant .
Kay , Please see attached .
Attached are the draft Confidentiality Agreements for the Colonial Pipeline Projects . Please note the following: 1 . Need address , contact , full legal name information for Flowserve . 2 . Please review the scope ( 1st Paragraph ) for both agreements . Need to make sure I not giving the parties to little or too much information concerning each others roles in this project . 3 . The Flowserve CA is unilateral . Only binds Flowserve to protect info we give them . Please review and let me know if you have any comments or questions .
Here they are .
11:30 Sounds fine . Meet you downstairs .
Bruce , How is it going ? Are you still having problems working in your room ? Its like psssst , I am out . I have a couple of letters at the house for you . I can forward wherever you like . Things are going fine for me . I cry myself to sleep every night screaming out Bruce , Bruce why did you leave me ? Drop me a line and let me know how it is going . Also do you have Tristan's phone number ? Wanted to give him a call and see if he wanted to grab some beers now and then .
Attached are the revised agreements based on our discussion prior . Please review and if everything looks good , I will prepare executables for MidCon . Please note the following revisions: 1 . Midcon installs , owns , and operates the Deer Park Interconnect . 2 . HPL installs , owns , and operates the Flagstaff Interconnect . 3 . If the pressures committments are violated in accordance with the terms , the violating party pays the others cost incurred at that interconnect . 4 . Each Party still entitled to 1/2 capacity at each interconnect . Please call if you have any questions . x-33512 .
Patti , Hope everthing finds you well . Just wanted to check if you had executed the interest rate swap and returned the documents yet . Trying to clean up and prepare a binder of all documents . Thanks .
John , Attached are the case historys for the two cases . Note: Followed - means the court followed the holding in the case cited Dissenting Opinion - means the dissenting justices referenced the case only ( not really relevant ) Distinguished - court didn't follow the holding of the case or simply found that the facts of the two cases were different . Hope this helps .
I put in a call this morning to discuss . Left a voicemail . I will let you know what develops . Thanks .
Attached is the form of confidentiality agreement for the Colonial project . Per Mark Knippa's request I am forwarding for your review .
Hi Katie , That email was pretty true . School can be extremely stressful in short periods ( around finals ) but overall compared to work it was really a pretty easy lifestyle . How are thing's going for you with school ? Sounded like this month was going to be a busy one . The good thing about school is that there is a definite ending point with a break between . It has calmed down some around here . Focusing on things that I had dropped during the end of quarter stretch . I bought a new guitar yesterday . My friend Eric and I had our eye on this black Fernandes model for some time and yesterday we decided to go for it . I am still in the learning stages of playing but it won't be too long before fame and stardom are at my disposal . Well maybe a little longer than that . Playing is really fun and a good stress reliever though . Hope everthing is going well for you . Take care , Gerald
Kay , Please review the attached .
What's going on Tree ? Bruce forwarded me your email address , probably against your wishes . Just thought I'd drop a line and see if your up for beers sometime this weekend . I know its tough to fit anytime in between those dates with the lovely fake breasted super models , but let's try and hook up sometime .
Per Jaime Ginsberg's request I am forward our form of Confidentiality Agreement for your review .
Per Jaime Ginsberg's request , I am forwarding our form of Confidentiality Agreement for your review .
Clement , Attached is a form of guaranty by Enron Corp . for ECS Compression Services Company , LLC . ( ECC) . ECC is owned approximately 9% by Enron Compression Services Company ( a 100% owned ENA subsidiary) . The form has been reviewed by Continental Divide Electric Cooperative , Inc . ( the Counterparty ) and they are OK with it . Please review and let me know if you have any questions . If everything looks good , please obtain execution . Thanks for your help .
Mike . Generally the language is fine , but I tweaked to make sure it is clearer . Please review and let me know if you have any questions .
FYI . Here is the email from La Joie du Vin concerning other wine appreciation groups .
Kay , Could you please send me a copy of the CA . Thanks .
The construction agreement with the date information we discussed .
Sounds like you are running and gunning . I know how those times feel . Seems like it is never going to end . You have been through it enough times to know that it always does . I don't think there is any feeling like turning in that last paper or walking out of that last final at the end of a semester . Feels like a huge weight is lifted off your shoulders . After that comes lifting the huge mug filled with beer . Hang in there . Gerald
I lost the information concerning fly fishing you left on my voice mail . Could you be so kind as to resend via email . I am thinking of just taking a poll to see what everyone's interest are . I personally am thinking Mountain Biking sounds like great fun and a super way to endanger my life . Drop me a note when you get a chance . Also what is the schedule for the get together on Sat .
Bruce , Attached is an article I found in the Houston Chronicle business section yesterday . Has a negative outlook , but mostly related to product supply B2Bs . You probably are familiar with most of the B2Bs they mention . Thought might be useful to you . Good talking to you yesterday . The check better arrive this week or I start breaking your stuff one piece at a time .
Attached is the master form with the quality language revised . Please use this form from this point forward .
Hi Wayne , Thanks for the email . Things are going fine here in Houston . Unfortunately this weekend is going to be a bad one for me . I have to work Friday and have plans already for Saturday . Some other time would probably work better . Let me know what your schedule looks like and we can work something out . Hope things are going well for you in Austin . Drop me a line when you get a chance . Gerald
Please review the attached and lets discuss .
Katie , Glad I cheered you up . Believe me , I can relate . I could tell you horror stories about when I was studying for the bar exam . I'll save those for some other time . Hope all is going well and moving forward . What always kept me going was the idea that in a few days or a week it would all be over and I wanted to be able to look back and feel that I had given the best effort I could . That's all you can do . It is typically more than enough to do very well in grades . I will quit preaching now and let you get back to work . No big plans for the Easter Weekend . Will be here in Houston . I actually have to work on Friday , but am thinking about taking a vacation day . Sounds like you will probably be busy with school and family over your weekend in Katy , but give me a call if you feel like it . Maybe we can do something fun . "This too shall come to pass" - Famous quote by some dead guy . Gerald
I recieved the interconnect agreements ( executed by Southern Union ) this morning . Attached is the form of interconnect agreement that was executed by Southern Union . I will forward to Steve Schneider for execution on behalf of HPL . Please let me know if you have any questions .
Jim , Forgot to mention in the note , that we will need the drawing for Exhibit A to be attached to the agreement . Thanks .
Oops . I just found the drawing you had already sent me . Sorry .
Ron , Couple of comments . 1 . Enitity Name - You noted that Trailblazer is a limited partnership . The name should designate limited partnership in some form ( e.g . Trailblazer Pipeline Company , L.P. ) Also for an LP the General Partner will need to sign to make it binding . The signature block should read as follows: Trailblazer Pipeline Company , L.P . by its General Partner , _________________________ 2 . The limitation on consequential damages limits any remedy under this agreement . The only types of damages in a situation like this is really consequential . I think it would benefit both parties to leave this limitation out of the agreement . If you would like to discuss these issues , please contact me at ( 713 ) 853-3512 . Thank You .
For your files . I sent the executables to Lauri Allen .
Becky , Not sure if anyone in Denver is on the distribution list . If not Scott Sitter in Denver probably needs a copy of these docs . Might want to check with him and see if anyone else in Denver needs a copy . Enron North America Corp .
Mom , Could you send me a list of eveyone's email address . What to take a poll on activities in Estes that everyone might be interested in . I am doing fine . Hope you guys are doing well .
Clement , I had sent you a draft of a guaranty by Enron Corp . for ECS Compression Company , L.L.C . earlier . Have you had a chance to review and obtain execution yet . Please let me know the status . Thanks for your help
Attached is Ron's email and my response to him .
Fax number is ( 713 ) 646-3490 .
Attached for your review and discussion at the transport review meeting this Thursday are the following: 1 . Revised Goals for Interruptible Contract Revision Process 2 . Flow Chart of Current Interruptible Transport documentation Process These items will be revised as we work through the processs .
Brad , Attached is your form of lease with my comments incorporated . Please note that I have added Mariner Energy , Inc . as a Party to the agreement since Mariner is performing all operations and maintenance for the facilities owned by MEGS . Please note the Mariner also will need to review and comment on this document and I am forwarding it to them concurrently . Please contact me at ( 713 ) 853-3512 with questions .
Greg , Attached is the document we discussed . Please review . Mariner is a party to this agreement since Mariner is performing all operations and maintence functions for the MEGS assets and this is consistent with the Operation and Maintance Agreement between Mariner and MEGS . Please call me at ( 713 ) 853-3512 with questions .
FYI
Hi Katie , How are you doing ? Did you survive all your projects and presentations ? Haven't heard from you in a while and just wanted to see if you made it through . Hope everything is going OK . Gerald
FYI . I think there was a temp here the day I sent this letter out .
Per your request . Enjoy .
Sorry , Sent you the wrong one last time . I will try it again
Lost my number eh ? A likely story . Just kidding . Sounds like you were pretty busy with family . I had a pretty good Easter as well . Mostly just hung out with friends and enjoyed the weather . Of course I worked in a little jam session with my friends . The week is going pretty well . Been in a lot of meetings and those just suck up the time . I am leaving today at lunch to go to Enron Field . The Cubs are in town and it is an afternoon game . Should be fun . The Astros really stink this year but the field is pretty awesome . I am not a huge baseball fan and but outdoor baseball in Houston is pretty cool . Good luck on the remainder of your schoolwork . My numbers are: Take care , Gerald
Attached is the summary of ENA's take obligations under all the purchase agreements to date in the Powder River Basin . Please call to discuss . Sorry for the delay .
FYI , Forgot to cc you .
Attached is a revised set of goals based on our meeting this past week . As before , please let me know if you have any comments or additions .
You will be copied . Thanks for the reminder .
Roger , Attached is the form we discussed .
Andy , Attached is the complete contract . Hope things are going well for you . We should have lunch some time . Have any availability next week ?
Mark , I received your fax concerning the season tickets . Thanks for quick response . I thought given the short time frame I would just email with my information . If I could get 2 season tickets in my name on the East Side Lower Deck toward the Neuhaus Athletic Center , that would be my preference . Lisa , indicated you wouldn't be able to know what seats might be available until you got all the responses back . If you could email with the seats you have available prior to charging my credit card , I would greatly appreciate it . If the only seats you have would be worse than about the 15 yard line in the area I mentioned above , I have a friend who is a Longhorn Foundation member with 6 tickets in that area at about the 15 yard line . His name is Patrick McDonald . If possible that I could attach 2 more season tickets to his without affecting the location of his seats , that would be great also . I don't need OU tix . My credit card number is 4305 7216 5689 6359 Expires 2/28/02 Visa . If you really need the form filled out , just let me know and I will forward it . Thanks for your help .
Why am I being used as a bargaining piece in this saga ? The thing that really scares me , is if I show up I am sure I will be selected to be on next years Family Reunion Committee . Hmmm . Okay , I guess I can make the sacrifice . I believe I will have a 3 day weekend at that time . Should work out . I think the cocktail party on June 23 will work out . I have got a lot of things going on right now that would make it tough to get away right now for the 13th . Talked to Mom about the flyfishing . Sounds like they aren't sure what they really want to do . They are supposed to get back to me . You know Mom , avoid the things that intimidate you . Anyway , hope everything is going well for you and with the wedding plans . Talk to you later .
Attached is a draft of the turnkey construction contract for your review . Ron , As we discussed , Exhibit A - Scope of Work will need to be included . Please note the following points: 1 . Liquidated Damages - Need to assess a value for these damages . 2 . Force Majeure - This would currently provide EE&CC with relief from the In-Service Date requirements and consequently , the LDs . Is this acceptable ? 3 . Permitting - Need to specify in Exhibit F , those permits that ENA would secure , and make EE&CC responsible for any others . 4 . Utility Coordination - Currently this is very generally . Are there specific responsibilities that should be stated in this Agreement wrt the Utility ? Please review with these in mind . I will be out tommorrow and Friday . Let's plan on meeting Monday to discuss the draft .
Are you moving floors or just moving around on 31 ? I don't want a lump of coal from you at Christmas .
Katie , Are you still out there ? I tried to email you a couple of times last week , but they wouldn't go through for some reason .
Thanks for your help .
I am doing good . I was out for 4 days ( Thurs , Fri , Sat , Sun ) of last week . Just got back from Mexico . Playa del Carmen , which is about 45 minutes south of Cancun . Sun , beach , drinks , party and scuba ( Not necessarily in that order) . It doesn't get any better than that . Had a great time . Congrats on 23 ! Yes , you are still very young and don't let anybody tell you otherwise . When you join the business world , you will be fighting the image that you are too young to be taken seriously . Dunk the ring tradition ? You have peaked my curiosity ! You will have to give me the full rundown on exactly how wild that tradition is . Are you moving back to Katy for the summer ? What are your plans ? School , work , etc . Take care and talk to you later . Gerald ,
Mark , Attached is the supplement to the Gas Letter for your review . Do you have Patti's email . We need to forward this for her review as well .
Patti , Attached for your review is a draft supplement to the Gas Price Letter which increases the gas that TW delivers to the LLC by 2585 mmbtu per month . We need to move forward and have TW execute ASAP to capture existing gas pricing , therefore I am only forwarding this document for your review at this time . There will be more to follow . Please contact myself at ( 713 ) 853-3512 or Mark Knippa at ( 713 ) 853-3463 with any questions . Thank You .
Cynthia , Sorry about the way I left last night , but I needed to leave abruptly or I felt I would have lost it even more . You are right . This is a very difficult time in my life . However , I want you to know that you are a very special person to me . The more I get to know you the more I realize that we are very similar is so many ways and I think that is why we hit it off so well so very quickly . I wish I could throw everything I have into a relationship with you , but right now there is just too much anger , mistrust , and hurt in my emotions to allow that . All of these feelings result purely from a person I was so close with and trusted so dearly and who treated me worse than I could have imagined . These feelings have nothing to do with you and I am sure you likely don't understand it all fully . I am not sure I understand it fully . I fear I am making a big mistake , because I know you won't be available long . You have so much to offer , beautiful , intelligent , funny , and someone who can give as much to a relationship as you need from a relationship . All of these qualities made it so very easy to be taken with you when we orginally met . When I started sensing some of my destructive emotions , I freaked out because I knew we were becoming very close and it pained me to realize that I would hurt you . So I completely pulled back , thinking I should cut it now than risk making it harder in the future . Believe me , it is not easy to stay away from you , because even though we have only known each other a short time , I miss you and think about you a lot . It would be hard to still see you and know you were dating others because I know I would react strongly as you witnessed at Senor Frogs that night . My kidding you about Lee , I will have to admit , also shows my insecurity about that . Mexico was so wonderful , because ( except for that one night ) I was able to put all of those emotions out of my mind and just focus on you . I think that is why we had such a great time . Cynthia , when we were together on that trip , I felt a lightness that I haven't felt in a long time . You looked so beautiful and sexy in that swimsuit by the bar , and it was all about us and nothing else . I have been through it enough to know that reality of my situation creeps back eventually . Cynthia you are such a great person and even just typing this note I feel like crying . Sometimes fate is a wonderful thing and sometimes it feels like a cruel joke . I think the timing of our meeting was ill fated . I know we will talk to and see each other again but I know it will be different now . As much as I want to hold on to you , I know its stupid to attempt to keep you close and yet at some distance . You have are too smart and have too much to offer to put up with that . Please know that I do have genuine feelings for you and I miss you . Gerald
Susan , Attached is the supplement to the gas letter which increases the amount of gas TW delivers to the LLC . Please review and let me know .
I am impressed ! Anybody who can drink a pitcher of beer that fast is OK in my book . I hope you didn't operate any heavy machinery afterwards . I guess you won't be at this email address for awhile . Keep in touch and give me call if you get a chance when you settle down in Katy . Bye !
Attached is the agreement with my changes and comments included . I couldn't get it to redline for some reason . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks for the info .
I am interested in becoming a member of the Foundation . 1403 Banks Houston , Texas 77006 What else do you need from me to get the membership going and how fast can I set it up ? Thanks
Mark , My comments
Hi Katie , Phone numbers are: ( 281 ) 772-9250 Cell Phone Hope everything goes well with the move and UofH . San Francisco is an awesome town . Make sure you take some warm clothes as it does get chilly there year round . I would live there in a heartbeat if it didn't cost a small fortune to do so . I especially love going up to Napa . Napa is so beautiful and relaxing and the free wine tastings make for a good time also . Have fun and talk to you later Gerald
Attached for are the confirms to be added to the Gallup Enfolio Agreement for the incremental volumes to be delivered by TW to the LLC . Please let me know if you have any questions .
Here it is . dedeutsch@duke-energy.com
Ken , Can you email me the particulars on Ted so we can put a consulting agreement into place with him . I need the following information: Full Name Address Pay rate ( Hourly/Daily+Expenses? ) I think that's all for now . Thanks .
Susan , Attached is the letter with slight revisions I mentioned on your phone mail . Let me know if you have any questions .
Attached is my changes redlined against your latest version .
Mark , I joined the foundation today and should be in the system . Let me know if there is anything else you need . Thanks for your help . Gerald Nemec
Movie sounds pretty cool . When is the official release date ?
Pat , Could you please print the attached docs for me and also save them in my directory under the Generation Barges folder . Thanks .
I will get something to you within the next couple of days . Should be a straightforward letter agreement . Eric , Let's discuss in the morning .
Please see the attached . I am still trying to obtain the DOE reports for Canada from Juanita Marchand for Question #19 of the Pan Alberta . Any help you could give me there would be greatly appreciated .
Couple of Coca-colas ?
Here are the revised responses with your suggested changes .
Attached are the reports to be attached for #20 of the Pan Alberta Request . Please note that there are 3 sheets in each files which report different volumes . I also removed all pricing information from the reports . One report for each quarter of 1999 . Please let me know if you have any questions .
Becky , Attached are the revised responses per your voice mail . Let me know if you need anything else .
Were you able to confirm that they received our Fedex ?
Bruce , Attached is the information for the property settlement . Sorry , it took so long . I am still missing Lisa's vehicle VIN # and Loan information for that vehicle . We can fill that in after we review the paperwork you have drafted . Gerald's Car Loan on Gerald's Car Loan #1221609900 with USAA House Description 1403 Banks House Loan Washington Mutual Stock Options to be transferred to Lisa from Gerald 626 Options at Grant Price of $15.25 per share 268 Options at Grant Price of $22.25 per share Let me know if you need anything else . I think we are ready to review the doc as soons as you get done . Thanks .
Chris , My comments are as follows: 1 . The term ( Article 4 ) was revised from the previous draft ( month to month ) to now being a definitive term with no evergreen provision . Is this acceptable commerically ? Should we add an evergreen provision on to the end of the current definitive term ? 2 . Section 9.9 - Doesn't give a time frame for this approval process . Hattiesburg has no obligations under this agreement until this approval occurs . What if it doesn't occur for 3 years ? Need either ( i ) ability to walk away from this agreement if not done by date certain , or ( ii ) assurances from Hattiesburg that this is a short process or has already been accomplished . 3 . Definition 1.2 in the GTC of "day" . Does this day match the gas day for the interstate pipelines ? If not will this cause problems in scheduling . 4 . General Comment: Does this interruptible agreement provide the level of service that this power plant will commercially require ? Hattiesburg can interrupt service at any time at its discretion and furthermore , never provide service under this agreement by indicating to Caledonia that its storage capacity is full with other storage committments . Does this work ?
Ken , Attached is the form of services agreement for Ted Huss . In the interest of time , you can print out two executables for Ted's signature and then return to me for initialling for Brian's signature . Let me know if you have any questions .
Let's talk about this one also when you get a chance .
GT , How is it going brother ? Got that house finished yet ? Wanted to see if you were going to be in town for the Memorial Day weekend . I was kicking around the idea of doing some tubing and maybe stopping by Austion for a night to chase some good looking Austin women . Drop me a line .
Could you get with Candy on this and provide her what she needs . Let me know if you need any help . Thanks .
Mary , Here is another one from Candy . Might want to check with AEW to make sure she hasn't taken care of this already . Thanks for your help .
I am trying to compare the CA1 doc with the CA doc . Thanks for your help .
GT , Congratulations on the engagement ! Hate to see a good man go down , but it happens to the best of us . Sounds like things are going really well for you . When is the wedding ? Sounds like there are a lot of wedding bells in the Townsend family these days . With respect to the weekend; change of plans . I will be staying in Houston this weekend . However , the following weekend myself and the red-faced Eric and possibly his wife want to come to Austin to hang out . Are you around that weekend and could you handle 3 people crashing at your place . If its a problem let me know .
Attached is a revised construction agreement ( redlined version ) incorporating the changes we discussed . I have not changed either the liquidated damages or force majeure provisions at this point . Ron , you indicated in your voice mail that you wanted to wait until things firmed up a bit more with respect to those provisions . Please review and let me know if you have any questions . Not sure if we should forward to EE&CC at this point yet , given the uncertainty on the two provisions . What are your thoughts ? Thanks
Heidi , I have reviewed the contracts and the amendments and the following is their status: Term: Month to Month and may be terminated by either party with 10 days written notice prior to end of the month ( But see rate section below ) Rate: Agreement was amended on April 1 , 1999 to put a flat rate of $0.085 for all receipts at Thompsonville ( Meter #6351 ) through March 31 , 2006 ( This language would override the month to month term ) No other Points of Receipt are allowed under this contract . Note: Prior to the Amendment on April 1 , 1999 , the $0.01 fee escalator was still in effect for any volumes moved under this contract prior to the Amendment . If the escalator wasn't assessed during that time , it should have been . This escalator would have applied to all receipts and fees on the original Exhibit A to the contract . Term: In effect through March 31 , 2006 Rate: Those set forth on Exhibit A as amended on April1 , 1999 for the terms set forth on Exhibit A . Let me know if you have any questions concerning the above summary .
Brad , Can you give me a status on where you are at with the review of the Lease Docs for the MEGS Facilities ? I forward those documents about a month back . Gerald Nemec Enron North America Corp . - Legal
Greg , Have you had a chance to review this document yet ? Any comments ?
Bruce , The legal description for my house is as follows: Lot 27 Ranch Estates , an addition in Harris County , Texas according to the map or plat thereof recorded in Volume 22 , Page 68 of the Map Records of Harris County , Texas . Thanks
How is it going out there brother ? Been keeping your sanity while living at home ? Things here are about the same . Talked to your boy Tree the other day . He had some interesting new developments in his love life . Of course they were sordid and made me somewhat uncomfortable . Well sort of . Your furniture is still almost completely intact . The longer you stay out there , the better my chances of picking up some furniture real cheap . Haven't seen that much of Janel lately . She went out to Florida this weekend to convince a gay guy that the opposite sex is not icky after all . Should make for some interesting stories when she returns . Drop me a note when you get a chance . Talk at you later .
Check out the attached response from Marathon concerning our revisions . I guess this is a new negotiation technique . Just ignore the counterparty's concerns . Let's discuss this before I call Brad back . Thanks .
Richard , The attached resume is from an attorney who is a friend of an Associate here at Enron . I had worked with the Associate before but don't know his friend . I told the Associate that I wasn't sure of our hiring needs , but that I would pass the resume along . Barbara indicated you were our recruiting coordinator . So here it is .
Lori , Thanks for the diskettes . The one disk did have the final version of the Agreements . The other disk had earlier versions of the docs . I will use the final versions to develop the amended and restated agreements . Should have drafts for BR's review later this week . Do you want these diskettes returned ? I talked to Shonnie about any amendments to the LLC and Capacity Allocation Agreements , and she wasn't aware of any . I don't think those 2 agreements were revised unless you have other information . Let me know . Thanks , Gerald Please respond to lmarlatt
Lauri , Per my voicemail , the attached docs outline the elements for comparable shippers in the RailRoad Commissions eyes .
Richard , I wouldn't worry about a letter . It was a very informal submittal . I will let my Associate friend know . Thanks .
I have reviewed your response and disagree with the characterization of our modification the documents . I would like to clarify our reasons for the modifications to avoid any further miscommunications . MEGS' alteration of the documents do not impair the protections afforded to Marathon under the Production Handling Agreement . Our modifications were simply intended to allocate certain risks between MEGS and Mariner with respect to Marathon ( as operator of the South Pass 89 B Platform ) as such risks were intended to be allocated by MEGS and Mariner . Mariner's transfer of interest in the flowline to MEGS introduces a new party which Marathon can look to for certain obligations with respect to the platform . The alterations do not remove Mariner from its current role as operator and maintainer of the flowline and owner of the hydrocarbons . For these reasons , I would disagree with your response that the draft alterations do not provide the intended protections that Marathon would expect absent such a transfer to MEGS . Mariner still shoulders these risks and expenses under the Production Handling Agreement . Having MEGS fully ratify the Production Handling Agreement and becoming jointly and severally liable to Marathon is not appropriate . MEGS does not hold title to any hydrocarbon production or operate the facilities and should not be liable for all risks and expenses associated therewith . Mariner should continue to shoulder those risks and as before . I would be happy to discuss your issues with our Platform Lease revisions at your convenience or to discuss the above further .
I had actually called you before I had seen this email . I wasn't involved in the NOx emissions deal . I don't think legal was involved at all , at least from a Compression Services perspective . Mark Courtney was the deal maker for Compression Services and I believe that John Scarborough , an analyst was also involved . Let me know if you can do lunch tommorrow and I can tell you exactly how exciting my weekend was . See ya .
Attached is a clean and redlined version of the Capacity Allocation and Expansion Determination Agreement . I will follow with the LLC and Administrative Manager Agreement , however those changes will be minor . The substance is in this Agreement .
GT , Looks like I will be hitting town on Saturday morning . Eric and his wife will be with me . We will come by your house in the morning , probably around 10 am or so to group up . Let me know if everything is still a go for you this weekend . I will probably need directions to your house again . I don't remember how to get there from the last time .
Do you have any type of pro forma agreement that she refers to ?
Attached is Marathon's response to our email . I will call Brad to set up a telephone conference . Ted , Steve asked that I forward this information to a lawyer at Burlington , but couldn't recall the name . Do you have any contact information for Burlington . Thanks .
Candy , We are working on a draft and should have something for you early next week . Sorry for the delay .
GT , Yea , he realized that as soon as we got to San Marcos . Can you mail it Next Day Air also called Priority Mail ? I will pay you back next time I am in town . His address is: Eric Gillaspie 1007 Bay Oaks
Please see attached . Thanks .
Attached is the draft CA for Intergen . Note that there are still several blanks in the Agreement that I need information to complete . Please review and let me know if you have any questions .
Greg , Attached is correspondence between Marathon and Enron ( MEGS ) concerning the revised draft of the lease that I had forwarded for Marathon's review and also to you for Mariner's review . I wanted to give you the benefit of these discussion we have had with Marathon concerning how the MEGS and Mariner's responsibilities should be split . Our intent with these revisions , and the our goals as we continue to work with Marathon on these issues is to simply allocate the risks between Mariner and MEGS with respect to Marathon , as Mariner and MEGS intended them to be allocated under the O&M Agreement between the two . We are not asking Marathon to rely on the O&M Agreement to which they are not a party . Risk associated with ownership of the flowline should run to MEGS and risk associated with the operation and maintenance of the flowline and ownership of the hydrocarbons should run to Mariner as they currently do under the Production Handling Agreement . We intend to work with Marathon toward this end . If you have any comments concerning these discussions or would like to discuss this further with me , please contact me at ( 713 ) 853-3512 . I would also be interested in any comments you may have with respect to the draft lease agreement I forwarded to you earlier . Thanks . Gerald Nemec
GT , Thanks for taking care of the ring and thanks again for the hosptality . I will be back in not too long . See Ya
How is it going ? Did you have a fun weekend ? My weekend was , although enjoyable , challenging . First Eric's wife got sick Friday night and wasn't able to go out the whole weekend . Next , my car battery completely died when I arrived at my friends house in Austin . I replaced the battery and everything was fine . Eric , I , and my friend proceeded to Maggie Maes to see the band Pale ( the whole point of our trip , right!) . We arrived at Maggie Maes and asked which level Pale was playing on and were informed they had cancelled . Great . Oh well we had a good time that night anyway . Cool . Then , driving back to Houston and coming up upon the Beltway I noticed that my temp gauge needle was buried deep into the danger zone . I had to have the car towed back into downtown . Anyway , it was an interesting trip .
Staci , Attached is the amendment . Please forward your revisions for my review . Thanks .
Got my car back . $700 to fix . Ouch ! I am really just glad it wasn't worse . When I stopped my car it was really smoking and I was afraid I had burned my moter up . Eric was providing my transportation during the absence of the car . What a great guy . Yes , we should try to hook up this weekend . The only thing I have going right now is a party that one of the attorneys in my group is throwing Saturday night . Hopefully I will be able to get out of there fairly early . Let's talk before the weekend to try and work something out . I am interested in discussing the Anne situation with you also . Talk to you later .
Here it is guys . Still checking for any cleanups , but in interest of time I am forward for your review . It is redlined against the previous revised version .
Attached is a redlined version of the agreement with the revisions . Some revisions beyond those we discussed with BR were made strictly to clear up inconsistencies in the original document . Please review and let me know if you have any questions . I plan on being at the Member Meeting in Denver next week , but please call any time prior if you wish to discuss . ( 713 ) 853-3512 . I will be forwarding the LLC and Administrative Agreement with revisions tomorrow . The revisions to these docs are slight and only made to reflect the be consistent with the substantive changes in the Capacity Allocation and Expansion Determination Agreement .
I should have a draft for you by Friday .
I won't be able to make it . I will be in Denver getting back late that evening .
Carolyn , Can you send me a copy of this document for our files . Thanks .
Attached is the term sheet with my revisions . Let me know if you have any questions .
FYI Attached are the FERC materials we discussed earlier concerning third party ownership of compression in interstate pipes . I will continue to research and see what might work .
Attached are redlined versions of an amended and restated LLC agreement and an amendment to the Administrative Services Agreement . I decided to simply amend the Admin . Agreement since the change was so minor . You will note that the changes in the LLC Agreement were solely to accommodate the revisions made in the Capacity Allocation Agreement which I forwarded earlier . Please call if you have any questions .
Cris , Attached are redline versions of revisions to the Lost Creek Capacity Allocation and Expansion Agreement which we had discussed some time back . The changes were made to accommodate several goals , but the one that you should have any concern with are in Section 2.3 and the definition of Third Party Gathering Agreement .
Rob , Attached are redlined versions of the Lost Creek Docs displaying the revisions we had discussed some time back . Please review and let me know of any issues you see with respect to the financing .
Morela , Attached is the letter with some revisions . Let me know if you have any questions .
I am doing fine . Work is fairly busy . I went to Austin last weekend to see George . He is engaged now and I think he will get married March of next year . Met his fiance and she is really nice . I received Jacob's B-day invitation in the mail this week . Please let Janice know that I am sorry but won't be able to come down for the Party . I will be coming down for the family reunion on July 1 . I will see the kids then . I guess Sharon and Will are planning on coming down for the reunion also . I will probably be there late Friday night . Take care and talk to you later
Kay , Please see attached . Thanks .
Ned . Attached is the CA with some comments incorporated . Please let me know if you have any questions .
Attached is the NNG Termination Agreement , clean revised CSA Agreement , and redlined revised CSA Agreement . Please review .
Jaime , This CA accidentally was sent to you with choice of law being New York . It should be Texas law . If Questar has seen this doc. , we need to let them know . Thanks .
Attached is a redlined revised agreement based on my discussions with Hoekenga Thursday . James , We still need to talk about our Commercial Management activities in the Madden Field area and how those should be limited . That change would be effected in the LLC Agreement .
I talked to Susan last Friday and she gave me her changes which I put into the doc . So I am only waiting on Foti and Dushinske's changes . Attached is the Vector term sheet .
This is redlined against the original .
Staci , I am fine with the attached version . I am checking with Mark to make sure he doesn't have any issues . Thanks .
Attached are the latest revised redlined documents for Lost Creek . Please note the following: 1 . The changes include those that Chris and I discussed in Denver . The Capacity Allocation Agreement is redlined against the version BR had reviewed earlier . All other docs . are redlined against the originals . 2 . Due to the Credit Agreement structure , portions of the Natural Gas Fuel Liquidation concept were placed into the Administrative Services Agreement . This was done in order to allow that portion of the Natural Gas Fuel value which covers the Power Bill to be included in the Debt Service Coverage Ratio calcs in the Credit Agreement . The remainder of the Natural Gas Fuel will be distributed under the Capacity Allocation Agreement to avoid the inclusive of these excess amounts in any distribution tests under the Credit Agreement . 3 . Since more significant changes were made to the Admin . Services Agreement , it is now being amended and restated . Dean , have you resolved the accounting questions you raised this past Monday ?
Ned , Looks fine . Let me know when you get the originals and I will initial .
Attached are the final versions of the Gallup and Kachina CSAs . Note that both Bloomfield and Bisti have amendments Gallup CSA and Gas Conversion Agreement and Gas Conversion Agreement Amendment Bisti CSA and Amendment Bloomfield CSA and Amendment
It is getting very close to departure time . Are you organized for your trip yet ? I know you really only have to pack about 5 thongs and you're done .
Attached are redlines . Please review . Susan will be out of the office on Mon . and Tues . of next week , so we need to get this to her asap .
I am going to a farewell party for Mike Vigeant tonight . He is leaving Enron . Did you know Mike ? He worked in various groups and is currently in EBS . I am open for Sat . and Sun . Maybe we could hook up Sat . I will give you a call on Saturday . See ya .
Attached are redlines of the revised docs . They are redlined against the versions NNG reviewed earlier .
Hello Miss Cynthia , I am doing fine . Work has been really kicking my butt lately . Lunch Tuesday works for me . I will give you a call on Monday to confirm . Hope everything is going well with you also . Take care .
Chris , The firm schedules referred to are those currently in place on the Firm Gathering Agreement . The latest amendments were dated September 24 , 1999 . I only have hard copies , but can fax them to you . Lori should have a copy of the amendments . Also attached is the Capacity Allocation and Expansion Agreement most current changes redlined against the original . Please respond to choekenga
Shonnie , I believe Brian left you a voicemail about this . Here is the latest from Hanover . These guys are trying to renegotiate this deal . Lets talk about this after you have had a chance to review .
Bob , Attached is the scope of work . I gave you the hard copy earlier .
Attached are the form of confirm that are being executed for the Gallup Amendments . Let me know if you have any questions . I have also attached the TW gas letter agreement which I had forward earlier . These are all the operational docs . required for the amendment .
For completeness , Attached are the operational documents that reflect the Gallup Amendments . The Gas Price Letter reflects TW's agreement to provide incremental gas volumes . The confirms to the existing Enfolio deals reflect the value for the gas which flows from Enron North America Corp . to Enron Compression Services Corp . and finally to the LLC . The confirms done with the original Gallup Transaction are not being amended . New confirms are being added to handle the incremental gas from TW . Please let me know if you have any questions .
Bob , Attached is the form of Agreement we need to use for ForeRunner . It is the same form we used for High Mountain . We need to make sure it reflects design and engineering services provided . We will also need a Tasking Letter . Ken Choyce should be able to provide a contract at ForeRunner as well as scope of work . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks .
Attached are the redlined revised docs and a new letter agreement for the payment of the $2 mil .
Dan , I have reviewed the Wildhorse ( Mesa ) Gathering , Processing , and Transport Agreement . This agreement is still valid and the gas is dedicated to this Agreement through 2013 . The agreement present some problematic issues which I will outline . 1 . Gas Quality - The gas quality provisions only require Wildhorse to transport the gas if the gas meets the downstream carriers ( in this case Northwest Pipeline ) gas quality specifications . We propose to put in a treating plant which would allow the gas to meet the specifications , however there are no provision in this Agreement which allow us to insert a plant between Northwest Pipeline and Wildhorse . Wildhorse could delay are extract value from us for this connection . This is an uncertainty . 2 . Wildhorse Obligation to Perform - Based on my understanding of the facts , at some point during the term of this agreement , Northwest Pipeline enforced their gas quality specifications and refused to take the gas at the downstream side of Wildhorse's Gathering System . As a result , Wildhorse shut in Enogex's production and it has been shut in ever since . Wildhorse has a right to do this under this Agreement ( see #1 above ) and therefore Wildhorse has not breached its obligation to transport under this Agreement . Wildhorse's obligation was suspended when Northwest refused receipt of the gas . 3 . Unprofitability - Assuming Wildhorse worked with us to install the treating plant which conformed the gas to Northwest Specifications , they could refuse to provide gathering service under this agreement if it was still uneconomical for them to do so . If they decided it is uneconomical for them to do so , they have the right to provide Enogex with various potential solutions which include ( i ) renegotiating the terms ( ii ) allowing Enogex to operate Wildhorse's equipment at Enogex sole cost , expense and risk , or ( iii ) release the gas from the Agreement . The problem here is that there is no time limit under which Wildhorse must reach a solution with us and no specific solution they must reach . Wildhorse could drag this out for some extended period of time and they could extract significant value . My recommendation is that we make Enogex's resolution of these issues with Wildhorse a condition precedent to closing and funding this deal . I know the timing is late . However if Enron funds this deal and takes on the risk of negotiating with Wildhorse to resolve either a new deal or a release of the gas , everyone needs to understand that such negotiation could take substantial time and Wildhorse will have significant leverage . Let me know if you wish to discuss this further or have any questions .
Have a great trip and try not to hook up with too many Italian hotties ! Must come back with lots of pictures and potentially a few life changing experiences .
Attached are executables for the Hubbard Transaction .
Heidi , Attached is the modified confirm form . Please note the following: 1 . This will only work with an Interruptible all points master contract 2 . This confirm cannot extend the term of a transport agreement . We need to make sure that the master is still in its term . 3 . The counter -party should sign off for every transaction . Via fax signature is acceptable . 4 . A single form per contract must be used . 5 . This form is set up for 1 month or less deals . We need to make sure this confirm can be handle under the existing global contract # for the master contract . Please review and let me know if you have any questions .
Fyi , Attached is Marathon's Response .
Check's in the mail . Sorry for the delay , I will review today .
Chris attached is a clean and redline version of the Gregg Agreement with my revisions . The form Gregg sent was the original form they had forwarded for the first project . I change to reflect the change we made at that time . As you will notice it is quite a few changes . However , since Gregg signed off on this form once already , they shouldn't have a problem doing it again . Let me know if you have any questions .
I reviewed the draft you forwarded . Looks good . I have the following two questions: Section 1.1 - The fourth sentence down in the parenthesis "(whether owned or leased by LESSEE)" . Shouldn't that read "(whether owned , operated , or leased by LESSEE)" since Mariner only operates the Property for MEGS ? Term - Shouldn't the term mirror the term for the Production Handling Agreement ? Section 7.1.2.e allows termination after January 1 , 2005 . Why would Marathon want to terminate while the PHA is still in effect ?
Sounds good . Pencil me in . Of course this won't be as nice as going fishing to catch those small fish .
Eric , Can you pull the FERC document cited below and print it out . Here is the other one .
Attached is the cite you forwarded earlier .
Here is the other cite .
Will , Sharon left a voice mail indicating that you could set me up with a set of clubs on Saturday . That sounds great . I will plan on playing with you guys tomorrow . Thanks .
I will review and get back to you by no later than tommorrow .
Marlene , I am not sure what you are asking me to do . If these contracts are active then they should be put into whatever is the proper contract tracking system for these types of services contracts ( transport , pooling , etc.) . If they are not active and are of no value , then they probably should not be put into the database . However , this is not a legal question , but a business question . If the business decision is made that they are of no value and inactive , then they should be terminated in accordance with their terms . Let me know if I am missing the point of your question . If I am not , then I will return these contracts to you .
Kay , Please see attached . Thanks .
Ruth , Attached is a redline with my revisions . I will be forwarding two hard copies of the revisions to your attention .
I will have my comments to you by tomorrow shortly after lunch .
Dan and Teresa , Attached is the form of declaration of Managing Member under which Crescendo appoints ENA to exclusively negotiate a gathering deal with Wildhorse . Please review . Teresa , Do you think we need to get the Class B member approval also for this appointment of ENA as representative ? The LLC Agreement is open with respect to the Managing Member delegating its duties . Dan or Ward , Please note that the Crescendo LLC Agreement Section 6.3 indicates that if the Managing Member request the Class C Member ( Enron ) to provide certain financial or technical services , then Class C Member may do so for market based rates . Is it the intention that Enron be reimbursed for any commercial or engineering services it provides to the LLC such as negotiating with Wildhorse or Project Management of the Plant Construction ?
See attached . Sorry for the delay
Attached are redlines of the latest revisions to the documents . Upon your review we can forward to BR .
Attached for your review are redlines of the latest revisions to the Lost Creek Documents based on our recent discussions . Please let me know if you have any comments .
Looks like he punted to Russell Diamond . Give Russell a call and let him know what we need .
Is everything OK ? Didn't hear from you .
Kay , I would like a copy . Thanks .
Scott , Attached is the TransEnergie agreement with my revisions . Please review and let me know if you have any questions . If you want executable copies , let me know . Thanks .
Attached is a clean and redlined version of the amendment with the changes we discussed . Let me know if you have any questions .
Confidential Work Material - Attorney Client Privilege Attached for review is a draft of the letter to be sent to Wildhorse concerning the Gathering Agreement under which the Entrada and Dakota production is committed . Please review and provide comments . To summarize activities to date concerning this Gathering Agreement: 1 . Conducted a conference call with Brett Frie on Wednesday . Brett also forwarded some correspondence between Enogex and Wildhorse . The correspondence contained a summary of meeting minutes for two meetings conducted between Enogex and Wildhorse . No demands were made by Enogex and no claims of unprofitability were made by Wildhorse . Brett stated that the Entrada and to some extent the Dakota gas were shut in or curtailed because the downstream carriers starting enforcing their tighter gas specifications . Enogex took Wildhorse's word for that and never checked with Northwest or Questar . I asked Brett why he thought Wildhorse would straight away release the gas . He responded that he thought they would do so only if Crescendo negotiated an alternative arrangement with Wildhorse . 2 . I received more correspondence on Friday from Ken Krisa . Nothing really useful . There was a letter from Wildhorse to another producer in the area called Lone Mountain Production Company which stated that Wildhorse thought these assets were in a state of economic viability decline . Unfortunately this letter was not directed to Enogex . However , the draft letter takes that position with Wildhorse . 3 . I am securing local consul out of Denver . I want someone intimately familiar with Utah and Colorado law from a litigation and timing perspective to be involved . We may need to seek a declaratory order . We have run into to conflicts with law firm that have represented either KN or Tom Brown . Should have this resolved on Monday . 4 . Agreed to language on Friday with Ken Krisa and Jim Osborne and the declaration by Crescendo giving power to ENA to negotiate with Wildhorse . This draft does state our desire to pursue a release of the gas . However , to reiterate , based on the current facts we do not have a black and white right to deem this gas as released under the Gathering Agreement . The fact that the Entrada Gas is not in spec . with the downstream pipelines for inerts , allows Wildhorse to suspend their receipt of this gas without being in default .
Joan , The contract states that Wildhorse only has to accept gas from Crescendo that the downstream carriers will accept . Per Brett Frie at Enogex , the Entrada production is 24% Nitrogen . Until the plant is up and running , this gas will not meet any of the downstream carriers specs . I am not sure how we get the Nitrogen out of the gas stream without the plant ? The Dakota production was not mentioned in the letter , because I have no facts about the gas quality of this gas . You had forwarded emails last week indicating the Dan Reineke was to take samples at the wellhead and downstream of Wildhorse's plant . Once we have these facts we can send a letter concerning the Dakota . Do you have any info on these samples ?
Have you worked your way back into the real world yet or are you still adjusting ? This week has been pretty busy already and it is only Tuesday . Want to try and hook up for lunch tomorrow ? Let me know how your schedule looks .
Here is the term sheet . Chris can you give me a complete list of counterparties , with pricing and volume information for each counterparty .
Tomorrow at noon sounds good . I have primarily been working on Denver stuff . Although a new project up in Denver . One that I wish I hadn't gotten involved in . I also need to hit the gym . Been thinking about taking Kick Boxing lessons . A good way to take out aggression .
Attached is my draft revised term sheet for the producer purchase agreements . Let me know if you have any comments .
Forgot to copy you on the original dist .
My thought is just to take all this language out and solely leave us on out if we don't get the transport for any reason under the terms of the Precedent Agreement . Counterparty might not go for it , but it would clear this issue up .
Attached is the latest version of the Wildhorse Entrada Letter . Please review . I reviewed the letter with Jim Osborne and Ken Krisa yesterday and should get their comments today . My plan is to Fedex to Midland for Ken's signature tomorrow morning and from there it will got to Wildhorse .
Please review . Thanks .
Short and sweet . Comments ?
Stop it . You're scaring me! !
Attached is the final version of the CSA . Let me know if you need an executed hard copy .
Attached are the latest changes to the docs redlined against the originals docs , per your voicemail . Chris , I made one slight change from the versions I had sent to you earlier . In the Capacity Allocation agreement signature block , I am now having ENA sign for section 4.5 as well . Let me know if you need anything else .
Ken , Attached is the letter . Please sign and forward the original to Kent Harris via Fedex . We should request a signature acceptance of the letter and a confirmation receipt of such signature acceptance for our files . The letter has a header for Crescendo on it . Not sure if you had stationary for Crescendo yet . Send a signed copy to me and I will copy all the Enron CCs . Gerald Nemec 1400 Smith St . cc Carter Mathies , Don Opersteny , and Steve Huckaby to the same address as Kent Harris cc Tom Dyk and Pete Scherer at Tom Brown Denver , CO 80202 Let me know if you have any questions and thanks for all your help .
Carol , Attached is the revised letter . Per the voicemail I left last week , please let me know if there are any issues with us stating the prepay in this letter . Also when is TW expecting the payment to be wired . Need that date .
FYI , Attached is the final version of the letter that was sent to Wildhorse .
Attached is the latest set of documents which have minor revisions based on my discussions with Chris last week . These have been only redlined against the prior version , not the original versions . Let me know if you want redlines against the original docs . The LLC was not included as no changes were made from the versions already forwarded . With respect to the cash out imbalance procedures . The Administrative Services Agreement ( Exhibit B ) currently has a rough procedure for such cashout . It is also written such that the Members can adopt a new procedure at any time . If the current procedures are not sufficient , it probably make the most sense to have only a working draft ( approved by the members ) of procedures in place until we have a few month of operations under our belt to work out the bugs . Scott Sitter will be developing this draft . The development of these procedures can be done outside these current revisions . A final imbalance procedure would be adopted by written action of the members upon development of those final procedures . Let me know if you have any questions .
I will be out the 17th and 18th .
Arvel , I received your pressure data . Unfortunately the contract pressure is assessed against the 3 year period prior to the Effective Date of the contract which is Oct . 19 , 1993 . Any chance we would have any such data ? Ken Krisa is also checking to see if he has any such data . Also , did we receive any quality information on Dakota production ? Thanks for your help .
Ken , Wanted to check and see if you guys were able to find any pressure data on Wildhorse for the period of 3 years prior to the Effective Date of the Gathering Agreement ? I think Jim was going to look and see if he had any such data . Thanks .
Attached is the letter . I am forwarding per Mark's request . Let me know if you have any comments . If everything looks good , let me know and I will create executables . Thanks .
Attached is the revised amendment .
Chris , Attached are all the latest docs . redlined against the originals .
Pat , Please print these out for me . Thanks .
Ranabir , Attached is the letter with my revisions . Let me know if you have any questions .
Employee Name: Gerald Nemec Guest's Name: Don't know yet Overnight Accommodations: King Bed/Non-Smoking Garden Dollars: Yes
Confidential Work Product - Attorney Client Privilege Dan , Our letter was definitely structured to encourage a quick solution . As the situation stands now , Wildhorse's possible responses to the letter are as follows: 1 . Declare Unprofitability wrt to the gas covered by the amendment . If they do so , then they have the obligation to provide alternatives to Crescendo , one of which is release of the gas . You are right , there is no time frame in the contract under which they must resolve these alternatives . That is a risk I pointed out early . However , in our letter to Wildhorse , I proposed a time frame to resolve these issue of 2 weeks . If Wildhorse is not working with us in good faith within a commercially reasonable time then we will have to make a choice: A . Go for a Declaratory Judgment to have the gas released from the contract . This will take time . Depending on court docket loads , 6 months to 1 year . B . Inform Wildhorse that we have been unable to reach an agreement within a commercially reasonable time and they have not negotiated in good faith and we consider the gas released ( contract breached by Wildhorse ) and that we will build our own system . Then Crescendo would build its own system and risk a suit by Wildhorse . 2 . Not declare Unprofitability If Wildhorse does not declare unprofitability , then they have the obligation under the contract to take the gas in accordance with its terms . The only complication is that under the contract , Wildhorse's obligation to take the gas is subject to the downstream carriers ability to receive the aggregate gas stream . Depending on Wildhorse's flow dynamics and our plant placement , Wildhorse could use this as reason to refuse delivery of our gas . After your field meeting and our engineering assessment , hopefully we will have a better understanding of that situation . If Wildhorse does not declare unprofitability , we would demand evidence and assurances that they will be able to take the gas upon start up of the treating plant . If Wildhorse does not declare unprofitability , but continues to discuss renegotiating of this deal , I would very directly ask them "under what provision of the contract do they believe they have the right to renegotiate any fees?" . They don't have a right to renegotiate under the contract without unprofitability .
Chris , The Amended Firm Gathering Agreements were executed back around July 1 . Lori should have copies of the executed documents . I am solely refer to the schedules attached to those amended Firm Gathering Agreements . If you don't have copies let me know . Please respond to choekenga
Craig , FYI . Some internal discussions .
Ken , FYI
How are you doing ? Still up to your eyeballs in premarital bliss . Football season is getting close . Can't wait for some tailgating extravaganza .
I am not bailing . Sorry to be so tardy with the check . Will sending thecheck directly . Until then you will have to extend me a friendly loan . Now that were are about to be family , its time you really go to know Sharon'sdeadbeat brother . I will be moving in shortly after the wedding . Hopethings are going well ! See ya soon . "Doug Roach ( E-mail)" cc: Subject: Golf Tournament Reminder - The Shit List I'm now in the pinch I expected to be in . I've already got 16 checks in thbarn , but I'm missing yours . I'm going to go ahead and put all of your non-refundable green fees on my credit card since I haven't received your checks . The pro will be calling me any minute now wanting the final number of players , along with my credit card number . So let me know immediately iyou're bailin' out . If any of you have already sent them and , for some reason , I haven't gotten them , please disregard this message and the harsh tone I'm using ( if you can hear my tone over the Internet) . If any of you back out , you'll be sticking me with $48 . That will be four less Mai Tais for Sharon and me in Hawaii . Please send your *$%#@ ! checks ! Here's the?message I sent out about a month ago , in case you forgot:??Twenty-nine of you have said you want to play and I've got three or four?guys on the bubble that haven't received permission to play from their wives?or girlfriends . Regardless , I reserved tee times for seven foursomes with?the first group going at 8:32 a.m . on Friday morning and the last at about?9:20 a.m . ( eight minutes between each group) . I'm sure we can squeeze in?another group when the numbers round out . I've put down an initial deposit?of $112 ( $4 a head ) that is only refundable for merchandise in the golf shop?or range balls ( don't ask me why , but that's in the contract) . In addition,?I need checks from each of you for $48.00 by Aug . 1 ( green fee , half a cart,?and $4 deposit) . Please send them to 3235 Cole Ave . #15 , Dallas , 75204 . I?need to give the pro a final number and pull the trigger on the full deposit?(putting the remaining $44 per player on my credit card ) by Aug . 3 . Your?check will reserve your spot and will enable me to get firm commitments from?everybody . It will also enable me to round out the numbers and put you in?your fou WERBNER??Confidentiality Notice: This email is not encrypted . For information on?secure , encrypted communication with the firm , visit the Secure Area of our?website at This email is , however , confidential and?may be privileged; it is for the sole use of the named and intended?recipient . Any review or distribution by others is strictly prohibited and?may be illegal . If you are not the intended recipient , please delete all?copies received and notify Sayles , Lidji & Werbner , A Professional?Corpor|
Attached is the agreement for printing on NBILP Letterhead . The date is the same as the original CA . Let me know if you have any questions . If we could get this signed and faxed back today or first thing Monday that would be great . Sorry about the delay . My fax # is ( 713 ) 646-3490 .
Let's keep the date . This way the bi-lateral obligations between the parties are concurrent . Thanks .
Attached are clean and blacklined version of the revised Letter of Understanding This e-mail ( and any attachment(s ) hereto ) is intended only for use by the addressee(s ) named herein and may contain legally privileged and/or confidential information . If you are not the intended recipient of this e-mail , you are hereby notified that any dissemination , distribution or copying of this e-mail ( and any attachment(s ) hereto ) is strictly prohibited .
One change to the drafts I just forwarded . The second sentence of the Purchase Price section in the Term Sheet will be deleted . The purchase price will be all cash and no note will be executed .
You bet I will be there for the No Le Hace . Got the Austin women lined up for me ? Nothing significant in the love life area . Just hoeing around Houston as much as possible . If you get a chance can by and see me in Houston . Let me know more details on the No Le Hace when you get a chance .
Attached is a copy of the CA I will be sending to Cobb on Monday . I will ask Cobb to execute and forward to Denver for Brian's sig . You probably should give them a call and explain this CA before they receive it . Let me know if you have any questions .
You are very welcome . I had no intentions of seducing . I didn't think you were going to be all over me like that . Just kidding . I had a good time also . Have a great rest of the day .
Ed , I can meet with you to discuss this . Thursday or Friday afternoon would work for me . Let me know your schedule .
Jerry , The entities to be parties to the confidentiality agreement are: ECS Compression Company , L.L.C. , a Delaware limited liability company Transwestern Pipeline Company , a Delaware company
FYI
Attached is a rough draft of the agreement we discussed last week . Please review and let's discuss .
Mark , Attached is their proposed language .
I am sending hard copies . I can't find the electronic version .
Mark , Please review and lets discuss .
How is it going ? Haven't talked to you in awhile . It has been pretty busy around here . Trying to sell all these nasty assets . I am leaving for your homeland , Denver to experience the Rocky Mountain high for myself . Just what the hell was John Denver singing about anyway ? Let me know what's going on .
Hi Emmye , Sorry I haven't gotten back with you sooner . It has been extremely busy here at work and I am leaving for Denver today at 5:30 so I am really having to hustle to get things done before I leave . How was the wedding ? I know you really were just looking for any excuse to go to Tomball . I too had fun on Thursday . I will give you a call when I get back from Denver . I will be back on Sunday . Take care and talk to you soon . Gerald
Mark , Attached are the latest revisions to the participation language . Please review and if everything looks acceptable , forward to NBP .
Nick , Do you have an electronic version you could send me ?
Chris , Attached is the revised Work Offer . Please forward to Hanover for execution .
Made a few slight changes to correct company's name .
Since Eric is a contract employee , he was not included as part of the formal PRC process recently completed . Therefore we would like to receive feedback from you concerning Eric's performance outside the performance management system . I will be forwarding a hard copy Performance Evaluation form for your input . You may either hand write or email the information back to me . Whichever is easier for you . Please take time out of your busy schedules to complete the forms as soon as possible . I would like to have a response by Aug . 24th . Thank you for your time .
Jessica , Attached are the Agreement for both Suzanne and Diane . The form also refers to a Confidentiality and Non-Solicitation Agreement that both Suzanne and Diane must execute . I have a call in to Michelle about those forms . I will forward as soon as I get them . We can go ahead though and forward these agreements to MTM .
Attached for your review is a draft of the Lost Creek - ENA IT Agreement . Please review and let me know if you have any comments or questions . Some provision ( nominations , imbalances ) are taken from the North Central Agreement since BR is familiar with that form .
Eric , Need your help on this . Let's get a copy of the grazing lease that Candy is referring to in the E-mail . I am not clear on what she means by having Merl operate the well . I think she means allow him to graze this area under the terms of his existing lease , but I am not sure . Can you get with Candy on this ? Thanks .
Jessica , Attached are the Confidentiality and Non-Solicitation Agreements . There is one for Suzanne Badeaux , Diane Allen , and MTM Temps . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks .
Susan , Under the terms of the Gallup Compression Services Agreement , ECS is working with the electric utility ( Tri-State ) to provide TW access to Tri-State's web site for the purposes of load controlling the Gallup Station to avoid Tri-State's system peaks . Attached is a confidentiality agreement which Tri-State drafted under which Tri-State will allow both TW and ECC to see such data . Tri-State is obviously concerned with migration of the data to Enron's power trading groups . The attached draft includes my comments . I have attached a clean and a redlined of my comments . I thought we could get both of our comments prior to sending back to Tri-State . Please review and return all your comments to me . Thanks .
Attached is the latest draft of the PSA for Project 20/20 There are several schedules attached under which any exceptions to the representations and warranties of Seller ( ENA ) need to be disclosed . The following are the relevant sections ( and its associated schedule ) in the PSA and those persons who area of responsibility these sections fall under . Please review the relevant sections and provide any information which is relevant for that section and its associated schedule . If you have any questions please call me at ( 713 ) 853-3512 . This transaction is still highly confidential and should not be discussed with any third parties . Section 3.1(c ) - Consent and Approvals - Rob Taylor Section 3.1(d ) - Title to Membership Interest - Rob Taylor Section 3.1(g ) - Capital Structure - Jim Coffey Section 3.1(i ) - Financial Statements - Jim Coffey Section 3.1(k ) - Absence of Certain Changes or Events - Jim Coffey ( accounting related) , Gerald Nemec ( disputes) , All others review also . Section 3.1(l ) - Contracts and Agreements - Gerald Nemec Section 3.1(m ) - Compliance with Laws; Permits - Ken Choyce , Ann Elizabeth , as they relate to EMS Section 3.1(n ) - Title - Ann Elizabeth White , as it relates to EMS Section 3.1(o ) - Condition of Property - Ken Choyce Section 3.1(q ) - No restrictions - Rob Taylor Section 3.1(r ) - Taxes - Rhett Jackson Section 3.1(t ) - Related Transactions - Gerald Nemec , Rob Taylor , Rhett Jackson Section 3.1(v ) - Environmental Compliance - Ken Choyce , Ann Elizabeth Everyone please review all the reps , and warranties and let me know of any issues , but the above listed persons are primary points for these issues . If anyone listed above feels that someone other than themselves is more appropriate for providing this information , please let me know as soon as possible . Timing is critical on pulling together this information , so please provide this information by no later than Friday of this week . The PSA will be executed next week . Please let me know also if there are no issues .
Please review and let's discuss .
Jessica , Attached is the revised confidentiality and non-solicitation agreement . Let me know if you have any questions .
Attached for your review is the Variable Fee based gathering agreement between ENA and EMS . Please provide comments as soon as possible .
Please review the attached termination letter . Crescendo will need to sign this . We can forward this letter to Crescendo for signature unless you would rather handle that . Let me know . Thanks .
Please prepare letter for signature .
Shonnie , I have extracted all the reps from the PSA which refer to the Gathering Companies and attached . To summarize they are as follows: 1 . Compliance with Laws: Permits ( In compliance with all Legal Requirements ) 2 . Condition of Property 3 . Litigation 4 . Taxes 5 . Environmental Compliance . ( In compliance with all Environmental Laws ) Let me know if we need to review these with Lost Creek and Fort Union counsel .
Bob , Can you take care of this ? Thanks .
The attached documents contains the representations specific to Lost Creek and Fort Union that ENA would be making in the 20/20 Purchase and Sale Agreement as it is drafted currently . We are making the reps . "to our knowledge" . Please review the attached document and let me know as soon as possible if you see any issues that we need to schedule or disclose to Border . If you have any questions concerning the scope or definition of the reps. , please call me at ( 713 ) 853-3512 . Thanks for your help .
Attached for your review is the form of interruptible gathering agreement for ENA on Lost Creek . Please let me know of any comments you may have .
Dan , Ann Elizabeth is drafting an Assignment and Bill of Sale to handle this .
Per Ken Choyce's request , attached is the executed form for the Hanover Contract .
Ken , The attached is a letter terminating the purchase agreement under which Crescendo's gas is currently being purchased by OGE . Please review and if acceptable please sign and forward to OGE . Please note that this letter needs to be received by OGE by the 1st . So let's FEDEX as soon as possible .
Jim , I forwarded those to Steve Schneider for signature . I think Steve was waiting on some Exhibits .
Attached for your review is a draft of the disclosure schedules to be attached to the Purchase and Sale Agreement .
Susan has reviewed the Confidentiality Agreement and is OK with my changes . If you guys are OK with the changes we can forward this to Tri-State for their review .
Attached is a letter to Wildhorse concerning curtailment of the Dakota Production . Please review and provide comments asap .
Any comments you may have would be appreciated . I need to get this out by tommorrow . Thanks .
Attached for review is a revised set of disclosures schedules for the Purchase and Sale Agreement .
Ken , Attached is the letter we discussed this morning . Let me know if you have any comments .
Attached is a clean and redlined version of the Confidentiality Agreement with our revisions .
Ken , Attached is the revised draft we discussed . The letter is ready to send from my perspective . Please review and let me know if you have any questions .
Attached are 20/20 Purchase and Sale Agreement disclosures schedules . Please review and let Shonnie Daniel know of any issues .
Per my phone mail message .
Joan , I received a copy of this Exhibit "A" a couple of weeks back . Unfortunately I found the same thing you did , that all San Arroyo properties are dedicated .
This message is BS . What's up dude ? How was the game ? Looks like Major is the starter from now on .
Hope you had a safe journey back from the land of Cabo . We made it back without a problem . I am really getting hammered at work today . Reality baby ! Apparently my clients just can't do without me . What did you guys do on your last night ? Let me guess . El Squid Roe . Did your partners meet any new family members ? I really had a great time hanging out with you . It made my trip that much more memorable to be with a special person like you . Drop me a note when you get a chance and let me know how you are . Take care , Gerald .
Susan , Tri-States comments . I plan to give them Colorado law but to discuss the other two with them . Let me know your thoughts .
GT , Man you are killing me with that story of the naked blonde . I almost cried for not going now . Is she still married , because if not I want to propose . Cabo was pretty sweet . Plenty of sun , sand , and women . Hooked up with a chick from Seattle for most of the week and had a great time . We went fishing one day and caught a 100 lb . swordfish . Took a portion of it to a restaurant and they cooked it for us . Awesome . There were tons of Honeymoon couples down there . You might want to check it out . It is a short flight and pretty reasonably priced . They have some great hotels as well . I will be coming in for the Houston game weekend after next , so have my room ready . Talk at ya later .
Need your help with an agency agreement per this email . Let's talk about this one .
Attached is the form of CA to be used for your Kern River discussion . I can print executables if you need . Let me know .
That's a good one . This is taking on much more meaning now that she possibly might be a US Senator . Yikes .
Thanks for the offer . I just have too much going on here to make it . See ya .
Attached is the latest draft of the letter to Wildhorse concerning the Dakota production . Some revisions have been made based on our meeting Tues . and Ken Krisa's comments to the earlier version . Please review and provide any comments .
Attached are the latest schedules and supplements . Still waiting on the revised financial statements .
Attached for review is a redline of the latest revisions to Schedules to the Purchase and Sale Agreement . Also attached are various supplements to the schedules . The only items not included are the Capital Account Balances - Schedule 3.1(g ) and the Financial Statements - Schedule 3.1(i) . Karry Kendall will be forwarding those shortly this evening . Also attached is Exhibit A-2 . This is an item description of the equipment included in the EMS gathering systems . I also forwarded Exhibit D - Specified Geographical Area and Exhibit A-1 - Map of the EMS Gathering System earlier today via FEDEX . You should have those tomorrow morning .
Hi Dee Dee OK , It is at about this point in time when my thoughts turn to my next vacation . Jeez , criminy ( little Seattle lingo ) have I been busy this week . Looking forward to the weekend to chill out a little . No big plans but to enjoy the college football extravaganza on Saturday . Maybe grill some beast depending on the weather and partake of a few sodas . It has been raining here all week which is good , because at least it isn't 107 degrees out . My clients in Denver wanted a full download on all my Cabo activities . These are the guys who have been to Cabo several times including the 20/20 club . As a matter of fact , the project I am working on right now for these guys is called Project 20/20 . Coincidence , I don't think so . Anyway , when I told them I met this girl who went to 20/20 with me , they were very impressed . They now hold me in higher esteem than before . At least that's one way to gain the respect of your clients . So how is the great Northwest ? Have your told grandparents about the wonderful time you had in Cabo with some strange guy walking around in your shoes . Some details are probably better left out . I am about out of here . Take care and I will talk to you later . Gerald
Attached is the revised agreement with Utah added . Let me know if you need anything else .
Attached is a redlined version of the schedules with changes for the sales/use taxes on EMS materials . All other supplements to the schedules remain unchanged .
Eva , All the references are conditional upon term conversion occurring prior to closing , so they work even though Term Conversion won't occur prior to closing . We plan on leaving the references as they exist . Let me know if you have any questions .
Jere , I have reviewed the draft and everything looks fine except for the $10 million cap . Dave and I had discussed a $2 million cap . I would request that the $2 million cap be inserted . Please let me know if you have any questions .
Attached is a redlined copy of the revised schedules incorporating the comments sent by NBP this weekend and also reflecting the executed Lost Creek amendments . Please review .
Attached is a redlined copy of the revised schedules to the Purchase and Sale Agreements . Also attached , for the sake of completeness , are the supplements to the schedules . The supplements are the same as prior versions , except for some changes to the title defects schedules for the Maverick , Box Draw , and Caballo systems . I attempted to redline the schedules for the title defects , but it redlined the whole list . The only change of substance added was a new Wyoming DOT road crossing permit to Maverick . Also taken off were references to the documents that have been prepared and sent to Gillette ( that information was contained in brackets and began "[See Attached . ...] . That information was for the right of way agents in Gillette so that they knew what documents had been prepared for them . Please let me know if you have any questions .
Attached are clean versions of the 20/20 Schedules
I might have fallen asleep before in church , but fortunately have never turned myself into a human candle . I did spend several years as an altar boy . We got to wear those cool outfits also . How are you doing ? Thanks for not rubbing in the loss from Saturday . This is a time of healing right now for me , so be gentle .
Hi Kelly , Sorry I haven't gotten back to you sooner , but have been swamped . I am thinking the South Carolina game works . However , what does a flight to Florida cost ? I need to factor that in as well , as I am planning on going to Spain in November and probably need to watch my $$$ . I have been to several OU games in Dallas , and it is actually more fun than the A&M game because they split the stadium 50/50 Texas OU . It is pretty intense . I am trying to get tickets to the game this year and will probably go .
I will check with my bro , to see if he is interested and let you know . Get some sleep . Talk at ya later .
Are you still out there ? Sent you an email last week but didn't hear from you . Just checking to see if you are still in Seattle or if you moved down to Cabo for good .
Craig , Attached is a short outline concerning the approach we discussed earlier . Please review and let me know if you agree .
Hi Katie , Remember me . Not sure if this is still your email address , but thought I would check and see . Hope you are doing well and school is going well . If you are still out there drop me a line !
Hi Mom , Sorry I haven't gotten back with you sooner . I have just been pretty busy at work and on the weekends . Seems like there is not enough hours in the day . I did go down to Cabo for a week . It was a blast . We partied way too much . Everything else is going fine . My roommate moved in at the beginning of September . So far so good . Hope everything is going well down in CC . Love yall and talk to you later . Gerald
FYI , Craig's comments to the outline I handed out this morning .
Attached is the Yates Contract Price Renegotiation Letter . Let me know if you have any questions .
GT , I am planning on coming in for the game this weekend . Not sure if it will be Fri . night or Sat . morning . What does your schedule look like for the weekend ?
GT , I am planning on driving in Sat . I will probably leave Houston around 9 am . Should be in Austin at lunch time . I can't remember exactly how to get to your casa . Can you drop me some directions again . Thanks .
Emmye , I seem to have misplaced your work # . Drop me a note when you get a chance with your # .
I think Paul is interested . His email address is paul.nemec@williams.com .
No need to worry . I won't send that picture to anyone . Now the one with Eric and the smoke hanging out of his mouth will be distributed to ALL ENRON EMPLOYEES .
Attached for your review is a draft of Wildhorse Nomination Letter . Please review and provide any comments . Mark & Joan , I need help with the nomination format and facts in the first paragraph .
Craig , Please review the attached letter . I am specifically interested in your comments to the last paragraph . Thanks .
Ken , Please review the attached letter .
Here it is .
Attached is redlined copy of the confirm with the changes we discussed . Please review
FYI
Attached is a clean and redlined copy . Mark , Please note Russell Diamond with credit wants to initial these contracts before credit will approve the transaction from ENA's side . I will send him the latest drafts .
Attached is the latest drafts . These went to Huber for execution this afternoon
Hi Katie , Sorry it has taken awhile to respond . I have been out of town for awhile . Good to hear from you again . I understand about the summer . Sometimes we get so busy and it seems like weeks go by without noticing . I had a good summer . My little sister got married up in Estes Park , Colorado in August . Estes is a neat little town near Rocky Mountain National Park . I spent four days up there . My whole family made the trip , so that was cool . The weather up there is awesome . I played around of golf and I don't think it ever got above about 75 degrees . They had the reception at the Stanley Hotel . This hotel was where Stephen King was staying when he got the inspiration to write the Shining . No weird events occurred at the reception though . I also just got back about 2 weeks ago from Cabo San Lucas . I spent 8 days down there with some friends . Scuba diving , fishing , beach , drinking , and dancing . Not necessarily in that order though . I was a little worried about being down there for that long , but it was great once I got used to partying till 4 am and sleeping til noon . Enron is going well . We just closed another big deal last week , so the pressure is off for now again . There will surely be another next quarter . Can't wait .  I feel for you concerning statistics . Actually that was one of the courses that gave me the most problems in engineering school . I must admit I probably didn't try as hard as I should have . I just hated the course so much that I just wanted to get it over with . Hang in there . You will get through it . Is this your last semester ? If I remember correctly , I thought you were going to graduate in December . It is really good to hear from you again . Take care and drop me a note when you get a chance . Gerald
Attached is a revised nomination letter incorporating comments received . Please review
Hi Dee , I am really sorry to hear about your brother's child . I hope everything with you and your family is as well as it can be right now . I will say a prayer for yall . I am doing good . Staying busy with work as you suggested . Actually we closed our big deal last Thursday . That will allow my hours to become somewhat more normal in the near future . They are planning a trip to reward those who worked so hard on this deal . Guess where ? Cabo . Went to Austin this past weekend to watch my beloved Longhorns play . They won , fortunately . It was good to see some old friends and hang out . I wouldn't mind moving back to Austin , but the jobs there just don't pay as much as in Houston . Everyone wants to stay in Austin after school , so they can lowball you on the cash . Looking forward to the pictures . Need to refresh my memory of Cabo . Take care and talk to you later .
A redlined version with my changes . Let me know if you have any questions .
Barbara , I put hard copies of these documents in your chair .
Attached is a rough draft of a response letter to Wildhorse concerning the nominations . Barbara and I are still reviewing , so there will be some further changes , but in the interest of time , I thought I would send this out for everyone's review .
GT , I think I will probably come in tonight since the game is so early . Are you guys going to try and buy tickets at the gate for BB ? Email back with your phone numbers , so I can call if anything changes . Talk at ya later .
Sounds like your little cousin is continuing to strike out on the airline tickets . It really breaks my heart to see the once great web master fall so far . Maybe we should have assigned him the task of color coordinating his pants and shirts for the trip .
Scott , Attached is the memo from local counsel in Denver . Per Barbara's voice mail , both her and I agree with the content of the memo . Craig is an experienced litigator in Denver . Please review and let's discuss .
Sorry for the delay . Here is the letter
The pictures were very amusing . Thanks for sending those along . Looks like you guys hung out quite a bit with the neighbors . I especially like the candid shot of me in my Tommy Hilfiger's . Whoa , got to start working out and shed the love handles . I thought there would be more shots of Squid Roe since that is where you guys hung out most of the time . Looks like your Mariners made the playoffs . I really don't follow Texas but I do follow the Astros . I think everybody is just happy the season is over with so we can forget it as quickly as possible . The Astros were pretty horrible this year . Hope you are doing well . Did you keep Julie and Angie out of trouble this weekend ? I know that is probably impossible . Thanks for the pics again and I'll talk to you later . Gerald
I would call Kent and ask about this . I would also remind him about our request for the pressure data in the September 14 letter and their obligations to keep pressures at the average pressure for the 3 year period prior to the effect date of the agreement . Mark , We also need you to keep notes , with dates and times , of all your discussions and communications with Wildhorse . Dan , Has been preparing his notes and you may want to just add onto his notes . Dan , I also need to get a copy of your notes when you get a chance .
Davis , This actually sounds frighteningly like my experience at the Big 12 Game . However , just because I at one time worked at the Posse doesn't mean my character should continue to be called into question .
FYI , The call to Kinder may not be needed .
Attached is a form agreement for the Oakhill Transaction . Please note the italicized sections of the CSA . I am not sure what the terms quoted to Oakhill have been with respect to interruptions in service and adjustments to energy pricing . We may want to leave these sections blanks for now . Please review and let me know if you have any questions .
Attached is a clean and redlined copy of the CIG agreement with my revisions . The redline is compared against the version you had forwarded earlier via email . Sorry for the delay . I will be at the ENA Legal Conference this afternoon and tomorrow . Please leave a voicemail if you have any questions . Thanks .
Attached is a letter to TW notifying them of the CDEC rate increase and requesting their election on the pricing adjustment . Please review . We need to get this to TW asap .
I know . I guess we should be used to it by now and learn to expect it . I just need to emotionally distance myself from the Horns .
Attached is a draft letter for EE&CC concerning the Station 27 Bid . Please review and let me know if you have any questions .
I think you need this .
Attached is a clean and redlined copy of the ENA's IT Agreement on Lost Creek . The revisions incorporate Chris Hoekenga's comments . Please review and let me know if this looks acceptable . If OK we can forward to BR for their final review .
Hello , I am an attorney at Enron North America Corp . I have recently been asked to coordinate our hiring of summer clerks . Monica Jordan previously had handled these duties and informed me that she had used the HBA Minority Committee through which to do some of our hiring of clerks . I am looking for information concerning this program; such as how it operates , when it meets . etc . Any information you could supply would be greatly appreciated . Thanks , Gerald Nemec
Did you take the LSAT and kick its butt already ? I thought you were scheduled to take that recently . You are probably wishing you have more stuff to study on the weekends .
I am forwarding these to you with the condition that you are not allowed to send these to any of your uppity OU cronies .
How dare you take such a tone with my counsellor . You're just bitter that you have squandered all rights to your furniture . Face it , your furniture likes me better anyway now .
GT , How is it going ? Man , was that an ass-whipping or what that we took from OU . Looks like we salvaged some dignity with the CU game . I was planning on coming in for the Missouri game . I might have my brother and another friend with me . How are you set for space . Those guys could crash on the couches , if its not a problem with you . If it is a problem , just let me know and we can make other arrangements . Talk at ya later
Hi Katie , You guys would love Cozumel . Short flight , very cheap , and lots of fun . If any of you Scuba Dive , Cozumel has some of the best diving in the world . I had a blast down there . Hope your Stats . class is going OK . Unfortunately , I think that is one of those classes the just requires more effort than most classes . Work hasn't been too busy for me lately . However , I know that will change as we get closer to the end of the year . I do have a trip to Spain planned for November . Some friends and I will be going over the Thanksgiving week . We are flying into Madrid and will also go to Lisbon , Portugal . Other than that we will work our way around the coast on the South of Spain . I am really looking forward to it . Hope everything else is going well for you . Are you sure you don't want to go for your Phd once you graduate . : - )
Was curious if you heard anything further on this ? I haven't called again . Debating whether I should . Any plans to go up to Estes anytime soon ?
Attached is the form for assignment of the CIG and Trailblazer PA . Please review and let me know if you have any questions . If everything looks OK , these are ready to forward to CIG , Trailblazer , and Huber for execution .
GT , Right now it will only be me and maybe my brother . Probably stay both Fri . and Sat . night .
Attached please find the amended and restated Cinergy Marketing and Trading guaranty . The guaranty has been revised to increase the amount from $9.5 mil to $15 mil . Please obtain signature by all four managers listed in the signature block . If you have any questions , please call me at 853-3512 .
Attached for your execution and distribution is the amended and restated Unocal Energy Trading , Inc . guaranty . The amount has been increased from $5 mil to $10 mil and Union Oil Company of California has been added as a counterparty . If you have any questions , please contact me at 853-3512 .
Attached for your review is the Huber capacity release and re-release agreement . Please provide comments . I will forward the revised Huber transaction agreements shortly .
Attached are redlines of the restated Huber confirms with the netting language we discussed . Please review and lets discuss .
Kay , Please see the attached . Thanks .
Mike , I reviewed the pages to the site you provided . My only comment right now is that the correct name of the pipeline is "Houston Pipe Line Company" . Note the Pipe Line is two words . Everything else looks fine . We will be getting back with you on the site access agreement .
Mark , Attached are riders to be added to the CIG Confidentiality Agreement . Please forward these for review to the proper persons at Coastal . Let me know if you have any questions .
We should again nominate to NWPL .  In our nomination we can state that if Wildhorse again wrongfully rejects our nom to NWPL , we then nominate to Questar solely to mitigate damages . I can draft the appropriate letter . Joan or Ken , Will the nominations be done via the web site ? Do we have the information to nominate to NWPL via the website ? "Ken" Please respond to kckrisa
Audrey , Attached is a term sheet that Barbara Gray prepared some time back for the OE agreement . Please review . How does tomorrow afternoon look for you . About 2:00 pm .
Wednesday works for me . Morning would be a good time for me .
Ken , Our position has been that Wildhorse doesn't have the right to curtail our volumes since we have a first que position . We could draft the letter such that we demand to send 100% of our gas to NWPL . In the event that Wildhorse would only accept noms . 50% ( or some portion ) of this gas to NWPL , we would nominate the remainder to Questar to mitigate Wildhorse's damages . Once they accept the nom to NWPL , they have a first que obligation to move it there . From a practical standpoint , if Wildhorse curtailed us to NWPL ( to our protest ) after they had accepted our noms. , I understand this would cause problems . However , if we nominate gas to Questar when Wildhorse is willing to accept a nom to NWPL , we would potentially be waiving damages there . "Ken" Please respond to kckrisa
Hi Janel , We have a couple of things on the agenda . Friday night is Fastball at the Engine Room . We plan on meeting on W . Alabama Ice House prior to the show . Doors open at 9 pm so we will probably be at the Ice House around 7 ish for free dogs and cold beer . Saturday is The Buzz Monster Mash with the Toadies . Some placed called Americas near Enron Field . Never heard of it . There are about 3 other bands . Vallejo , and two others I can't remember . Show starts at 7 pm . Tickets are still available for both shows through ticketmaster . There are about 4 to 5 people going , including myself and Eric as the foundation . If you guys are interested in either or both , more people would be kickin . Let me know .
No acid rock , just good easy listening tunes . Fastball had the hit about 2 years ago called The Way . Toadies; they just rock . We will probably dress as under-appreciated , under-paid and fairly disinterested attorneys .
I would be happy to handle this , unless you want to . Let me know . Thanks .
Can you place these on my calendar please . Thanks .
Dave , Attached is a rough draft of the letter we discussed . The right to match option is a little less drastic than the "saving sharing" we discussed . The savings sharing is a little more problematic to enforce . We can discuss though , if that is really the way you want to go . Please review and lets discuss .
Attached for your review is a form of assignment for the Trailblazer Precedent Agreement between ENA and Trailblazer . This assigns the PA from ENA to J.M . Huber Corporation .
FYI
Stick this in your pipe and smoke it , you uppity OU #@$% . Predictions on ? the OU-NU game?????Despite a constant barrage of distracting gossip and innuendo , maybe the most ? famous backup quarterback in college football history is staying put . ? Rumormongers , put that on your Web site and read it . ? "People don't understand that I have no interest in transferring , and I don't ? want to transfer,'' Simms said . "I'm happy here." ? Simms insists he isn't joining his best friend and former high school ? fullback Greg Toal at Boston College , as was rumored by a wildly off-base ? ESPN report on Tuesday . He isn't going to Georgia as speculation at that SEC ? outpost suggested last week . He isn't going to Tennessee , his original first ? choice out of high school before changing his mind and signing with Texas . He ? isn't going to other rumored destinations Penn State or Marshall . ? ??????Paul.Pfeffer@.com ? cc: ?  Subject: Simms???Gerald,??Chris Simms is disgruntled and is going to transfer to Boston College at the?end of the season . Pass it on.?? ?
Are you sure you want to take such a bold stand ? You are kind of throwingmonkeys to the wind . Actually isn't NU red and OU crimson . cc: Subject: RE: Simms In the spirit of George W's response to David Letterman regarding who he favored in the world series , I predict a victory by the team in red . ( Bush said he like that New York club )
Chris , Attached is a redlined of the revised ENA - Lost Creek IT Agreement . The changes you noted are incorporated . Please review and let me know if you have any questions . If this is acceptable I can print executables . Let me know . Thanks .
Attached are redlines of the revised Capacity Release Agreement and the Revised Transaction No . 2 . Please review .
Mark , As far as I know , this hasn't been delivered to TW yet . If you could print this on paper with an Enron Logo only . I already have the ECS header on the document . Steve Harris would be the right party .
Attached is a draft letter to Wildhorse for our noms . in November . The letter again reserves all our rights . Please review . Mark , Is the cc list still correct ?
Ken , Attached is the letter with a few slight revisions . We added Bob Mustard to the cc list . We are all ok with this version . If you are fine with this please fax and mail hard copy as we have done before . If you have any questions , feel free to call me at ( 713 ) 853-3512 .
I am currently working on the draft GTC and revised product descriptions . Should have draft by tommorrow .
Hi Sophie , I like the sound of the Trifle described in your email to Mark . I will have extra Sherry on mine . How is it going ? I had a great time at the party in Austin and hanging with you at the Brown Bar . I am not sure what I was thinking toward the end of the evening by mixing Tequila and Cranberry , but I guess you have to get creative when the circumstances require . I was moving a little slow the next day and drive back to Houston wasn't quite as pleasant . Did you have a good weekend ? I didn't do anything real exciting for the weekend before Halloween . Went to a concert that had 4 bands . One of them is a band from Austin called Vallejo . Heard of them ? Now tell me the truth . Do you really like Yorkshire Pudding ? Drop me a line when you get a chance . Gerald
My comments are redlined into the doc. .
Let me know if you have any questions .
Attached for review are a draft of the GTC and Product Description for the transport capacity transactions on EOL . Please review and provide comments . Carl , If you want to meet to discuss , just let me know when .
Please see attached . Thanks
Ken , Attached is the CA with my comments .
A few interesting deals . Working on some products for Enron's B2B internet trading site . "www.enrononline.com" The site was actually developed out of our London office . Enron House is right next door to Buckingham Palace . Some other trading deals as well . I usually get a pretty mixed bag of projects to work . It has been very busy the last couple of days . Sophie Therapy ? That sounds extremely interesting . Is it good for most of your normal life crisis type issues ? I might need some now and again . I know you probably told at the party , but as you remember my mental state was not clearest it could have been . Are you a student at UT Law ? Forgive me for my mental lapses . OK , I have had Yorkshire Pudding and all I remember was a bland bread type substance . Now the beef , vegetables , and potatoes sounds good to me but not sure about the Yorkshire . Might help to wash it down with a nice pint . Take care , Gerald .
I revised paragraph 11 . Let me know if it addresses your concerns .
I will be attending the lunch on Wednesday for Crescendo .
Pat , I will be out Nov . 17 , 21 , 22 , 23 , 27 .
I actually knew all of that information ! I was just checking your story to make sure it was consistent with what you told me that night . Everything seems to be in order . Good !
If we did sign it prior to getting bank approval , we would likely have to make the WIC portion of the release , subject to the bank approval . Otherwise Huber could be put into the position of having the obligations but being unable to complete it obligation due to a WIC process out of Huber's control . But assuming that was done , I don't see why we couldn't sign the agreement now .
I haven't answered him yet . I just plan to let him know that the contracts should be executed next week with the capacity release to occur thereafter . Any thoughts ?
Mike , Still working on it . Should have a draft by late Monday or Tuesday . Sorry about the delay .
Ron , Attached is the assignment with my change redlined . If you want to discuss , please contact me at ( 713 ) 853-3512 . Thanks .
FYI . We are currently executing a CA with Tom Brown to begin review of the system for a possible purchase by Crescendo or Enron North America .
That is it ! I don't know the how and when , but I intend to devote the rest of my life to bringing down Stoops and the OU football program . You will rue the day my friend .
I will remove the open season reference . Some pipeline tariffs do refer to open season for capacity release , but it may cause confusion so probably to remove it . The terms you referenced are defined in the product description . The EOL access agreement makes it clear that the product description is binding on the counterparty .
Attached are a redlined revised version of the GTC and the Product Description based on our comments discussions of the previous versions . Carlos , I made a few slight changes to the product description you sent earlier today Please review .
Russell , The 2nd Huber transaction was executed and Huber is contractually bound to take assignment of the transportation . We have gotten approval of the assignment form from the Pipeline and expect to execute the assignments and capacity release documents with Huber next week . The capacity release document just specifies the details of the capacity release . Huber is bound by the 2nd transaction to accept our release . I will let you know when these sets of documents are executed . Let me know if you have any questions .
I am composing this as we speak . Should have a draft shortly .
Carlos , Made one change . Wanted to be clear that Buyer's bid shall reflect the Contract Price , Period of Delivery etc . Let me know if you have any questions .
Attached are redlines of the latest revisions . Please let me know if you have any questions .
Mark , Attached is the final GTC and product description for our capacity release EOL product .
Hi Marsha , How is it going ? Nothing really exciting since Cabo . Just work . I am about to go to Spain for 8 days . Should be fun . Amazingly , I may be going back to Cabo in December for a business trip . Don't ask me how I pulled that off . Are you ready to go back and use your time share ? Good to hear from you . Tell Shannon hello . Take care .
Attached is the final version of the GTC for the EOL Capacity Release .
Carlos , Looks fine to me . Thanks .
Hi Melissa , Thanks for the call . I thought it might be easier to communicate via email since we are both kind of difficult to reach via phone . Sounds like they keep you busy at V&E . Yes , I do work for Enron . I am an attorney for Enron North America in gas and power origination . I actually worked with some attorney's from V&E on a couple of asset financing deals we did about a year ago . Terry Yates and David Keyes . Joel Ephross also worked on those deals , but he is now at Enron in our Global Finance Legal Group . Sounds like you have worked alot on Enron deals . I know we keep you guys pretty loaded with work . Who are your Enron contacts ? Enron is a big place , but I might know them . Lunch sounds great . The 14th works for me . Any preferences as to location ? In case you were wondering about how Ann Wukasch and I know each other; Ann and I met at my sister's wedding in Colorado . My sister and Ann are good friends and work at the same school in Dallas . Ann is a trip ! Gerald
Attached is a redline with the changes per my discussion with Colleen . Please review .
Revised GTC
Attached is the revised GTC based on the latest discussion concerning secondary points . Attached is a clean and redlined version .
One more revision to the GTC . Few changes based on my discussion with Carl this morning . I have attached a clean and redlined copy . The redline is compared against the version prior to the secondary point discussion for Colleen's benefit . I am fine to run with this copy from a legal perspective unless Dick or Colleen had any comments .
Eric , The agreement needs to be bi-directional . The subject is an exchange of information concerning Petroglyph's transportation contract Colorado Interstate Gas Company . Paul is going to provide the date of the contract and the contract # .
Sorry for the delay . Please review the attached draft . If it looks OK we can send to Ken for execution .
Let me just start by saying that if you to knuckleheads ( Eric and Jen ) would spend less time obsessing about my hair and more time working on your house , then maybe you would have a kitchen that didn't look like it belongs on Bob Vila's "This Old House" . Second , the style of my hair is not a pomp , as you "commoners" like to refer . Once we arrive in Madrid , the Madrilenos will recognize me at once as royalty and I should be running that country inside of 2 days . Matt , If you are still gassy by next week , you will be rooming with Eric and Jen .
By the way , it should be "two knuckleheads" instead of "to" .
Attached is the draft . Please review . I left a question about the cash-out index . Please let me know what is appropriate .
Miyako sounds great . Why don't we meet there at 12:00 . I didn't get to know Terry that well . I was pretty green at that point . That was actually the first deal I worked on when I got to legal . I went to law school a little later in life . I have been practicing for about 2 years . Terry reminded me of an absent minded professor . He had this pair of glasses that during the course of the deal , they became more and more broken down . By the end , one of the ear pieces was missing and they barely stayed on his face . At the closing dinner Enron bought him a new pair of glasses . South America . That sounds pretty interesting , ever travel down there ?
Joan , I am going to make your noted change and forward executables to Crescendo .
Mark , Attached are clean versions of the set of documents to be executed by Huber . The following are redlines copies of the documents that were changed from our prior versions . Mark , A couple of notes: 1 . In the capacity release agreement - Are the volumes specified in Section 2.1 correct ? Or do these need to be grossed up for fuel ? 2 . In Section 2.4 , I took out any requirement of Huber to release WIC Capacity back to ENA if the start date under the purchase agreement occurs later than the start of the term of the WIC Capacity Release from ENA to Huber which we will effectuate soon . Is this correct ?
Hey , Yes , I am still headed to Spain . I am actually leaving on Friday , so I need to get those tickets to you pretty soon . Let me know what days you are in town this week . The 8th works for me . Where is the Duke party this year ?
Attached is a clean and redlined version of the IT Agreement . Please review and let me know if you have any questions .
Mark , Attached are documents for the Huber Transaction
Attached are the redlined docs for the docs with changes . I made some more changes to the Capacity Release doc to clean several items up .
Redline of the changes we discussed .
It would probably be easiest for me to mail them to you . What is your address ?
FYI , This is how the capacity release product will look on EOL .
Mary , Thanks for the invite to the Open House . Unfortunately , I will be out of the country on vacation next week . Have a Happy Thanksgiving .
You are very welcome ! I enjoyed it . Thanks for the name of the city . We will probably be in Lisbon 2 days , so we'll try to check it out . Thanksgiving in Spain/Portugal should be interesting ? Probably won't be able to find turkey , dressing , or american football anywhere . Any fun plans for the Thanksgiving holiday ?
Hey that sounds like a better idea . I will give the tickets to Shawna today . I have them in my briefcase . You can give me the $$ later . The tickets are $40 each .
Attached is a redline with my comments . Let me know if you have any questions .
Barbara , Bullet Point List of Major Accomplishments: 1st Half of 2000 * Project Gallup - Compression Services Structure and Financing in 1st Quarter - $4.8 mil income to Upstream Origination * NNG Hubbard Restructure - Compression Services Restructure of Existing Deal - $1.3 mil of income to Upstream Origination 2nd Half of 2000 * Project 20/20 - Assisted Shonnie with asset sale transaction - 3rd Quarter - $78.8 mil income * Crescendo Energy , L.L.C . - Working to resolve or restructure gathering deal with Wildhorse - Ongoing * New Capacity Release Transportation Production for EOL ( Drafted GTC and Product Description and worked with credit and risk management ) - Went online Nov . 14th . * Huber Transaction - Long Term Firm Purchase Agreement signed . Capacity Release and Transportation Assignment Agreements expected to be signed by next week - Expected income of $7 mil in 4th Quarter Other Ongoing Activities: HPL Transport Off-System Transport ( Transport Agreements and Precedent Agreements ) Interconnect Agreements
Attached for your review is a redlined version of the agreement with my comments .
Paul , Attached is a draft of the Temporary Assignment and Amended of the Sandia Agreement . Please review . Sorry for the delay .
Hey Melissa , I am trying desperately to do everything I need to before I leave tomorrow . We are in the middle of performance reviews at Enron and I have to review about 10 others that I work with . These are not easy to complete , but I guess I'll get through them . Wanted to wish you a Happy Thanksgiving before I left . Have fun in FW and at the game . That is the hardest part of going to Spain right now . I sold my tickets to the game , but I will be there in spirit . We ought to go get some dinner after I get back . I will be back next Monday . Hopefully I won't have any disaster vacation stories of the type you told me at lunch ! Take care , Gerald
Hello ! Yes , I leave for Spain tomorrow at 1:30 . We arrive in Madrid about 8 am on Sat . Morning . We will be in Madrid a couple of days , then spend our time in some towns south of Madrid for about 3 days . The last couple of days we will be in Lisbon , Portugal . Back in Houston next Monday . Should be a good time . I will let you guys know all about it at Christmas time . Sounds like yall had a fun trip to Big Bend . I have wanted to see the McDonalds Observatory . That sounds pretty cool . Anyway , thanks for the updates and I will talk to you as soon as I get back . Gerald
I'm back . I will review and comment on their responses .
Thanks for handling this while I was out .
GT I was actually in Spain all of Thanksgiving week . Took a little vacation time . That game sounds like it was an awesome one . Nothing better than beating the f#$% out of the ags . What's going on with you brother .
I have not received this back yet . I will call Ken today .
Ken , I sent , via fedex , an agency agreement to you a couple of weeks ago . The agreement appointed ENA as Crescendo's agent to nominate and resolve allocations and imbalances on Wildhorse's system . Wanted to see if you have reviewed and executed yet ?
Attached is a letter to Wildhorse consenting to the assignment of Crescendo's gathering agreements from Wildhorse to Tom Brown . The letter reserves all our rights for Wildhorse's breach . Also attached is a letter for December nominations into Questar reserving our rights . Please review and provide any comments .
The letter looks fine Nicole . Only checked it for form and not substance since I didn't have the agreement to which it is referring .
Attached is the letter . Please review . I am still giving it one read over .
I made one small change , but this one is ready to go as far as I am concerned .
The attached redline document includes the various language changes we discussed today and some other small changes . These are in addition to the action items that EES was going to pursue .
This is the latest draft . EES is also making some further changes ( discussed yesterday ) which aren't reflected in this version .
Jere , I have the confidentiality agreements fully executed on our side . What is your address , so I can forward to you for execution by Tri-State . Thanks .
Hi MB , Not sure if you are in the office this week , but if you are , wanted to see if you would want to meet for a drink after work today ?
Mark , I reviewed the CSA for our obligations . They are as follows: 1 . ECS will work with the Utility in good faith to establish the online monitoring automatic load controlling system for the No . 21 Schedule . 2 . If the online system can not be established , then ECS will work with TW to develop a manual system to accomplish the same . ECS will keep TW whole on any costs for incremental manpower required for such manual system . This provision was written very generally .
I have reviewed the Oneok Westex Transmission Agreement . The only comment I have is that the daily balance cashout requirements in Section F of the General Terms and Conditions seem very burdensome . This is really a business call , but the 5% tolerance or cashout everyday might be difficult to maintain . I will leave that to you to decide Stacey . I am OK with everything else .
No problem . I figured you weren't feeling well . Sorry to hear that you are still sick . You might want to call the doc . I have been able to described my symptoms to her before and she usually calls in a prescription for me ( Antibiotics or similar) . Good luck with Global Markets . Sounds like you had a lot of good opportunities . I think you will learn a lot by trading which will make you a better originator if you ever want to go back to origination . I am pretty open right now for lunch . Maybe Wednesday . Let me know .
Just wanted to drop you a note and let you know I made it back safe and sound from Spain . Spain is really a neat country . Very charming . So I got James' name huh ? Who got my name in the drawing ? When is everyone coming in for the holiday ? I am planning on coming down the 23rd .
Dan , Any input you have on this contract would be appreciated .
I will draft a letter to Wildhorse concerning the pressure situation . We have previously sent a demand letter on Sept . 29 for pressure data for the 3 year period , with no response from Wildhorse . We need to reinforce the curtailment that the high pressure is causing the resultant loss of profits . I will circulate the letter for review by the group before sending .
Attached is my revised letter . Please call with any questions .
Attached is a clean and redlined version with my changes . Please note the following: 1 . I added back the limitation on damage provision I originally had . We need to be clear that the remedies specified in the amendment are the only remedies . 2 . Changed both Seller and Buyer Minimum Volume Obligations to be consistent with each other . The amendment for the Powder River contract should reflect the same . Please contact me at ( 713 ) 853-3512 if you would like to discuss .
Attached is the revised letter based on Chris' voicemail on Friday . I also added a 30 day window during which ENAP must provide the data to Enron . Please review and let me know if you have any questions . Note that we still need to legal entity's name from the South America office .
We settled up on the tix . You gave me some cash . We're good . I have never been to Acapulco . The only place on the Pacific side I have been to is Cabo . Most people that have been to Acapulco really like it though . Don't worry about the end of the evening . Strange things always happen at 6 am after we have been up all night . Forget about it . Have fun in Mississippi .
Alan , Attached is a redline version of the assignment with the changes we discussed . I also added the geographic location difference language to the Buyer's Daily Obligation section to make it bi-lateral . Let me know if you have any questions ( 713 ) 853-3512 .
Attached is a list of the contracts which I don't have copies .
Brant , The attached doc . contains Hess Energy Trading Company , LLC's comments to our guaranty form with our responses . Please forward as appropriate . I would be happy to discuss our comments with Hess if they so desire .
Attached for your review is the revised Huber Confirm for Transaction No . 1 .
Attached is a clean and redline version .
Larry , I am working with Robert Morgan to get the proper approvals at Bridgeline and I will insure that the proper approvals are obtained from Enron .
Attached is a redline and clean version of the revised confirm . Please disregard prior version of the confirm . The changes reflect the new Precedent Agreement with Trailblazer .
Attached are the executables forms of assignments . All of your attorney's changes were accepted . Note that the assignment for the Wind River Contract No . 124620 is assigned for the period from Jan 1 , 2001 to May 31 , 2001 . The other contract is assigned for Dec . 1 , 2000 thru March 31 , 2001 . Let me know if you have any questions ( 713 ) 853-3512 . Please print three executables of each assignment . Thanks .
I will be revising the Capacity Release and Agreement and the existing Trailblazer Assignment that Huber currently has to reflect the Transaction just completed today . Mark , you probably should make Huber aware of this if they are not already so . Thanks .
Hey Melissa , Are you back from Brazil yet ? Hope they didn't work you too hard down there . Drop me a line when you get a chance .
Attached is a draft of a nonbinding letter for use to submit the indicative bid to Wildhorse . Please review and provide any comments .
Teb , Per Mark's voice mail , attached is the letter agreement he referenced .
No problem Ruppie . I am trying to find a date for tomorrow . Will know shortly after lunch . I will let you know .
Hello Mandy , How are you doing ? Are you still collecting Lucites ?
Ryan , If you've got another taker for the tix , go ahead and let them go . The dryspell continues .
No . I am actually pretty busy these days . They expect work out of me . Imagine that . How goes the job search ? Found that position in Hawaii yet ?
Thanks for your help yesterday . Sorry about the quick turnaround .
Attached is a clean and redlined version of the Capacity Assignment and Prearranged Release Agreement and the Trailblazer PA Assignment Agreement . The documents have been revised to reflect the amendment to Transaction No.1 to increase the DCQ by 6 , 195 MMBtu per day . A few other cleanup changes were also made . Please review and let me know if you have any questions .
Can't I say Hello to Mandy without a specific reason for doing so ? Actually , you copied me on a joke email earlier in the week . Just thought I would see if you would talk to me .
Bill , Per Mark Whitt's request , attached is our form dedicated reserves purchase agreement .
Art , Per Mark Whitt's request , attached is our form dedicated reserves purchase agreement .
Please replace the prior version of the capacity release with the attached version . I found a typo . In the 5th line of the Section 2.1 , the number was incorrect .
For the sake of completeness , attached is clean and redlined version the amended and restated Transaction No . 2 Confirm which goes along with the Capacity Release and Trailblazer Assignment docs .
Attached is a clean and redlined revised capacity release agreement . The WIC capacity numbers were revised to reflect the fuel calculation . The prior numbers were inaccurate . Please disregard the prior version and substitute the attached .
Mark , I reviewed the contracts for whether the gathering fees are charged on an Mcf vs MMBtu basis . The following are what the contracts state: National Fuels - MMBtu Tom Brown - Based on their stated intent to renegotiate Trend- MMBtu Wasatch - Not stated in contract . Rate is as Wildhorse adjusts from month to month Let me know if you have any questions .
Ken , Where are we on this ?
Jack , Attached is the Release , Settlement , and Termination agreement we discussed . Please review and let me know if you have any questions .
Lauri , From a legal standpoint , we can cut the nomination on an interruptible agreement at our discretion . The contract clearly gives us this right . I haven't specifically reviewed the contract , but I am assuming it is our standard form . I will check this . Yes , I would consider HISD facilities to be state facilities . The fact that this goes to Entex first complicates the issue . Dan , was the intent that it be directly delivered to state facilities , or if it ultimately ended up at state facilities ?
I'll check the Global Database to see if I can find it . Did Shonnie paper that purchase agreement ?
Lauri , I reviewed the contract with TGLO . It is a standard interruptible form , so we should have no issues with interruption of the gas flows . I also talked further with Dan concerning the contract . We feel that the agreement strictly refers to facilities that are directly operated by the state ( e.g . universities and prisons ) and not school districts . Thus , we would consider HISD to not be state facilities . This argument is not a slam dunk , but we should probably take this approach and see how they react . The contract also refers to gas "destined" for state facilities . So the fact that the gas goes through another pipeline before being delivered to a state facility does not matter . It ultimately is "destined" for state facilities .
Thanks for the note . I am also glad we got to know each other this year . We will have to make time to hang out next year , now that your LSAT is over . Have fun in Denver and be careful of who you hang out with up there . Merry Christmas , Gerald
Did you get with Roger on this or do you need me to do something on this still ?
I am no longer a user of this application .
Attached for your review are drafts of the Capacity Assignment and Release Agreement and the Transaction No . 1 attached to the Master Firm Purchase Sale Peter , any input you would have on Article 3 of the Assignment Agreement would be greatly appreciated . Stephanie is trying to get these out as soon as possible tomorrow .
Stephanie , attached are redlines for your review . I will also send an email with clean copies that you can forward to Calpine .
Attached are the assignment agreement , the Enfolio , and the Confirm .
You had asked for more information regarding Canadian renewal rights . I found language in tariff in Transcanada's website ( www.transcanada..com ) under the following: BC system , Sec 4.9 Bottom line: 12 month notice prior to end of term . Once notice given , irrevocable ! Must extend for at least one year . Please call if you have questions . Please call if you have any question .
Brant , The following are my responses; 1 . We don't have a problem removing fax notice as long as they are willing to leave the required termination notice at 5 days . Since we can't fax notice , we will have to mail such notice which will take several days . 2 . We can remove affiliate assignment . Sorry about the delay .
Stephanie , Attached is a clean and redlined version of the Release Agreement and Confirm with the changes we discussed .
Attached is a clean and redlined version of the Capacity Assignment and Release doc . for Calpine . The redline has Calpine changes in light purple with Enron's changes is red . Please review . Stephanie , I did not resend the revised confirm which I sent earlier today . There were no changes to that doc . since the revised version I sent this morning .
Larry , I am OK with the form and Robert's changes , except that the proper name is Bridgeline Storage Company , LLC . No periods after the LLC . Everything else looks fine .
Stephanie , Attached is the clean and redlined revised Capacity Release and Assignment Agreement . I changed the notification to require that Calpine give us notice and that we would attempt to negotiate with the pipelines to arrange an alternative to the notice . Please review .
Attached is a clean and redline of the revised confirm .
Stephanie , Attached is a further revision of the Capacity Release Doc . The comments are from counsel in the Calgary office . All the comments are consistent with the intent of the prior documents . They mainly make the Canada section symmetric to the ENA section . Please review .
Attached are clean versions of the most up to date documents . The confirm also includes a redline copy with the changes we discussed this morning . Please note that Calpine needs to execute the following documents: 1 . Capacity Release and Assignment Agreement 2 . Enfolio Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement 3 . Guaranty by Calpine Corporation ( Included as Exhibit to Enfolio Master Agreement ) 4 . Transaction No . 1 to Enfolio ( the Confirm ) Please let me know if you have any questions .
Nope . Didn't piss me off . I know how to interpret Mandy talk . I just have been extremely busy . Most of the other attorneys are gone and I am catching all their overflow . The days off were mellow . Went to Corpus Christi to see the family . Usually holiday cheer . How about you ?
Attached is latest version - due to quick turnaround , there may be a few Julie , Gerald and I will be present . Talk to you then... .
Please review and let me know your thoughts on their comments . The MAC section will come out , so disregard those comments .
Attached please find revisions per our conference call . Excluding all but one , we made Enfolio changes proposed by Michael . Our only deviation was to delete article 4.2 , sec vii , re: MAC . Based on your QUICK feedback , we will send execution documents electronically so Janet can initial . Please call me at Gerald's office if you have any questions . Regards , Stephanie
Per Janet's request .
Attached for your review is the final form of assignment . The only change from the prior version is that the Renewal Notice section was changed to reflect that ECC will renew unless Calpine notifies ECC otherwise . This was a point negotiate with Calpine . We plan on executing these tommorrow morning .
Attached are the executables . Please note the a redline of the Capacity Release and Assignment Agreement is also included . I cleaned up references to the Renewal Notification ( which are now the Non-Renewal Notification ) that were missed earlier in Article 3 and Article 5 . Please note the Exhibit D of the Enfolio Master also needs to be signed by
Thanks for your help and quick response on those comments .
Brant , Attached is a clean and redlined guaranty with the changes we agreed upon . We still need Hess' address for the notice section . Sorry about the delay .
Dwight , Attached is a form O&M Agreement that was recently used on power project in the US . This form is very similar to the one you forwarded Steve , but is more detailed in the Scope of Services to be performed . There are performance bonuses and penalties for electricity output . We would have to add the steam output . Should be very similar . I think this form can be turned around to Coogentrix fairly quickly once we establish what the performance standards to be met are . I will be out of the office on Jan.2 but will be back on Wednesday . Please review . I apologize for not getting back with you yesterday or today , but unfortunately the Calpine capacity assignment has to be signed today and it has consumed my time . Thanks
Brian , Mark forward the executed docs . to me . The Trailblazer Assignment was not included . I have attached the assignment in case you don't have the one I forwarded earlier . Please execute and return . Also the Amended and Restated Transaction No . 2 was initialled , but was not executed . I am forwarding those back to you for execution . Thanks for your cooperation .
Robin , Attached is the revised letter . I added that Enron North America Corp . was performing these efforts . ( If an entity other than ENA has the contract with Gordonsville , the letter should be changed to reflect the proper entity . I removed the discussion concerning demand for cover from Citgo . Per our discussion , we don't have that right under the contract , and since our contract is best efforts , Gordonsville doesn't have the right to demand cover . I think this letter should be strictly a notice out of curtesy to Gordonsville . I am going to be leaving , but you can call my cell phone if you have any questions . ( 281 ) 772-9250 .
Follow up on Mike's voicemail .
Brant , Attached is the executable guaranty with the notice language included . Let me know if you need anything else .
Ken , Attached are the letter which allow us to disclose certain information under the Tom Brown confidentiality agreement to third parties and a nom letter for Jan - 01 . Please review and let me know if you have any questions .
Hi Melissa , What up ? Just stuck here working late on a project and thought I would drop you a line to see if you were still alive . Hope you had a great Christmas and New Years and were able to enjoy some time off . I spent most of it up here working . The workload has been incredible . Take care , Gerald
For your review .
Attached is a very rough draft of the O&M Agreement based on our discussions . There are several blanks concerning the numbers and I have noted several questions thoughout the agreement that need further clarification . I am okay with sending this to the operator with the caveat that although the general substance of the agreement is in place , there may be some further changes to the language after further review . Please review .
Thanks for the heads up ! I was out sick yesterday and will probably be leaving early today . Still not feeling so good . When do you go to London ? Or have you gone already ?
GT , Hey Bud , Yea that Holiday Bowl was heartbreaking . Never seen three TD passes dropped . Unfortunately , I don't have Ernie's number . He called me one time at about 11 pm on a Saturday from someone's cell phone he had borrowed and left no number . Typical Ernie . How are the wedding plans going ?
Steve , I won't be there , but I did leave Shari a voice mail concerning the PGT Transaction we just completed . The firm PGT capacity is ours through Nov . 1 , 2008 . The remaining term is being released to Calpine . The Capacity Release was just posted and should be completed by Jan 31 , 2001 . I don't have a copy of the contract , but Stephanie Miller could provide that if needed . It is a standard FTS-1tariff form . This transport also backs the Canadian Producer Net Back deals . Peter Keohane would be the one to talk to about these producer deals and their relation to the PGT Capacity .
Kay , Please see the attached .
Stephanie , I have the copy of the contract so don't worry about that . Do you know of any other deals with PGT we currently hold ? Becky , You knowledge of any other PGT deals we have along with the tariff provisions would be appreciated . I am trying to prepare a brief for Travis by late tommorrow . Thanks .
Attached is the form of brief for PGT .
Attached is the bilateral CA form for Universal Mark and I discussed .
Travis , will be receiving a matrix from outside counsel . Let's gather the information but don't follow Sherry's form yet . We will use this matrix when it is received . Looks like we also have other contracts . I will let you know when I receive the other contracts .
David , Attached is the rough draft of the O&M Agreement for the Lumberton and Elizabethtown plants .
Attached are David's insurance comments to the original O&M Draft . Please incorporate these into the agreement .
Hope you had a great weekend . Received this out of the blue .
Sorry about the delay , I believe they are sitting on someone desk right now . I am tracking them down . No problem just usual stacks of paper delays .
Hey Kevin , How is it going cousin ? Found the napkin that you left your email address on at Kenneally's . Man , I really was loaded by the time I left that place . I went down to CC the next day and told my parents we had met . They said they had just been at your wedding not to long before Christmas . Small world ! How's Houston treating you ? Been back to Kenneally's since ? Drop me a line when you get a chance . Gerald ,
Eric , Plan on attending this with me .
Phil , I forwarded this to Shonnie Daniel . She is handling these matters now .
Hey Karry , Are you still out there ? Hope everything is going well for you and your Holidays were great . I am doing good . Just the usual - work , party , work , party .
Hi Kristi , Hope 2001 is treating you well so far . We might be interested in the FloweGarden trip . What is the price for these trips ? Kristi and Greg Foster To: Ryan Ruppert ,  Gerald Nemec cc: Subject: Fw: Flower Gardens Trips and Classes Hi guys , HAPPY 2001! ? We,re off to a big start ? - we,re now on line! ? Check us out at www.scubadoobydoo.com . As a &heads8 up , we have two trips scheduled to the Flower Gardens trips in Marchfor the Hammerhead shark migration! ? We still have spots available hint , hint. ? We,ll also have more trips scheduled as soon as we get bacfrom DEMA at the end of this month. ? ( We,re going through Cozumel withdrawal! ) I,ll be offering Advanced training , Nitrox , Photography , Fish ID and other specialties in conjunction with the Flower Gardens trips. ? Class dates areposted on our website . I,m also offering a new class for 2001 -- Scuba Sign Language SpecialtyThe first class starts in March. ? Best wishes and lots of fishes , Kristi and Greg Foster
Based on the current draft of the O&M agreement , we do have the ability to ( i ) terminate each agreement for a one time fee of $200,000 , or ( ii ) suspend all or a portion of the O&M services for a period of time and the parties would then meet to determine a mutually agreeable adjustment to the then current Operating Fee . Let me know if you have any questions .
Stephanie , Attached is the PA and TSA with my comments redlined . Before you forward to Kern , let's discuss .
Yes , I was under the weather for a rough 4 or 5 days , but I am pretty much over it now . I think I partied too hard in New Orleans over New Years ! Impressive , on George Dubbya's invite list . You must know some people in high places . Have fun and give me a shout when you get back and we'll do something . Later .
Chris , Attached is the PA with the language we discussed included .
Ken , Attached is the revised agency agreement . I accepted all you changes you forwarded earlier and added an indemnity section . Please review and let me know if you want to discuss .
I do play guitar , but I am really still just learning . I can play bit and pieces of various songs . Might be fun to attempt to jam together anyway . Are your drums here in Houston ?
Yes , It depends on when and how much . Any details yet ?
I think we are finally in agreement on the agency agreement .
Mark , Attached is the revised letter agreement . Please review and if acceptable forward to Gulf . In addition to the items you and I discussed , I also added an arbitration clause . This is standard for all Enron deals . Please let me know if you have any questions .
Is this being looked at as an ENA acquistion also , or solely a Crescendo acquisition ?
What is the time frame ? This agreement looks to need significant revisions . "Ken" Please respond to kckrisa
Term sheet for Huber deal .
Steve , We will probably use outside counsel that has worked with Crescendo before to handle this from Crescendo's perspective . I will coordinate from ENA's perspective . I am working with Teresa on this issue .
No plans for Thursday yet . Might get tied up at work a little late but could meet you guys there later . Around 8:00 . Let me know .
Stephanie , Attached are the revised PA and TSA per our discussions today .
Steve , I think we are going to use Bill Ward with Pruitt-Gushee . I am trying to confirm this with Teresa . He worked on the original Crescendo transaction . I talked to Ken and his is okay with this also .
Clement , Enron Corp . currently has an executed guaranty for up to $12 mil which guaranties Bridgeline Gas Marketing LLC deals with Superior Natural Gas Corporation . ENA owns 40% of Bridgeline . The guaranty severally obligates Enron Corp . for 40% of the $12 mil and Texaco Inc . for the other 60% . The attached amendment increases the guaranty amount to $25 mil per Superior's request . Please review and if acceptable obtain execution by Enron Corp . Please call me at x-33512 with any questions . Brant , This form will probably work for the Texaco guaranty also . I don't have a copy of the Texaco guaranty though and I need to review it to make sure it is identical to the Enron form . Can you obtain a copy for me ?
They are based out of Salt Lake City , Utah .
Brant , Any luck obtaining a word file for the Potash Guaranty or the Bridgeline Credit Services Agreement ?
Sorry , Sorry , I missed your birthday last week . Hope you had a great birthday with Will and his family . Are things going well in the Big D ? I have been doing fine . Work keeps me pretty busy . Happy Birthday ! Gerald
Bill , I am forwarding an agreement I have discussed with Susan Clark last week . She suggested I forward this to you . The attached agreement addresses the power line facilities for Enron Compression Services Company's electric motor drivers in Florida . The agreement has been highly negotiated to this point , but I wanted to get your general view of the structure prior to executing this with Gulf . We are trying to execute quickly . Susan could give you more context on our situation with Gulf . Please call me if you have any questions ( 713 ) 853-3512 .
This doesn't explain Friday night , though .
Tana , This isn't something we worked on . I know the NNG and TW have beenusing EOL to auction capacity , so this is probably something the TW attorney's have worked on . Not sure . Let me know if I can be of any help .
Pat , Please print these out for me . Thanks .
You and Richard had agreed to put in the Feb 28 deadline for providing alternative rates in Sec 1.7 of the PA WE are planning to add the following to the end of the 3rd sentence: by no later than February 28 , 2001 . we need to be sure to have that information since so that decision can be made within the 15 day window . Otherwise , we may have less than 15 days . Please advise . Thanks Stephanie
Chris , The original transaction agreement were done via fax . We only have fax copies . The two amended and restated transaction agreement #2's he sent on Dec . 21 were inadvertently not executed by Huber . I sent them back , but somewhere they got lost in the shuffle . Let's have him execute the copies you left with him .
GT , Hey Bud ! Sounds good . I am around this weekend . Let me know what's up . G
Bill , Attached are my revisions to Tom Brown's PSA . Please incorporate these into your document . I may still have a few more revisions , but wanted to get this draft out ASAP . I will let you know of any other revisions as soon as possible .
I am open tonight . Let me know what time you're coming in . I can help you tomorrow too . You can reach me at the following:
Per our discussion attached is the revised CSA . I will forward the revised Lease and O&M Agreements ( reflecting the equipment change ) early next week .
Ken , Attached is a draft of my comments to the gathering agreement . I have made it clear in the language that the agreement is fully interruptible at our discretion . The agreement is still a keep whole on the liquids . I did not change this section . Also I did not review or change Exhibit A . I will leave that to you .
Barbara , Attached is the term sheet with my revision . Please let me know if you have any questions .
Attached are my comments to the TBI proposal . Please review and let me know if you have any comments . I also wanted to clarify a point on the Tom Brown form of gathering agreement . The revised form is an interruptible agreement with no acreage dedication . Since Tom Brown removed all the acreage dedication language , it is my understanding that they were not willing to give us an acreage dedication . To the extent we modeled our economics on any Tom Brown production , I wanted to make sure everyone understands that these volumes are not committed to the system we are purchasing and can be taken by Tom Brown to someone else at their discretion .
Per your voice mail , attached is the TBI proposal as revised .
Pat , Please print these for me .
Thank You for the Birthday greeting . Congratulations again to you and Will! !
Boy , That brings back memories . Thanks for reminding me that I no longer have the joy of coming to work every day and receiving another duct tape nugget of wisdom .
I have the form that we used for the Enron Amendment , but I need to see a copy of the original Texaco guaranty before I can finalize a form for Texaco . Can you provide me a copy of the Texaco guaranty ?
Thanks for the info . I will prepare the amendment .
Attached is the form of amend for the Texaco guaranty wrt Superior Natural Gas .
I will get this to you tomorrow morning .
Attached is the amended and restated ExxonMobil Guaranty form
I made the call . I called Lisa to get her to fax me some paperwork to get my car out of the wrecker lot .
Kay , PLease see the attached .
G , Is it possible for me to crash at su casa on Sat . night ?
Hey Ernie , Hope you are not working too hard . Wanted to check and see if you were planning on attending GT's bachelor party . If so you can catch a ride with me . I am planning on driving in Saturday and coming back sometime Sunday . Let me know if you interested .
Attached is the bilateral form of CA .
Staci's latest on the CSA . Please review .
E , I will probably leave about noon or shortly thereafter on Sat . probably return about the same on Sun .
Per Mark Whitts request , attached is the form of ENA's Enfolio Master Firm Purchase/Sale form .
Thanks for grossing me out . Have a good one also !
Please use the attached credit sheet from Russell to prepare a new Master with AEC .
for your review . Gulf is trying to file this by Friday . Let's talk tomorrow .
Susan , Attached is the draft petition . Please review and lets discuss .
Mark , Attached are drafts of the confirms . Please review and if acceptable , please forward . Sorry for the delay .
Pat , As you probably guessed , I won't be able to make it on the trip . Sounds like fun , but work schedule and funds availability wouldn't allow for it . Sorry to be so delinquent in getting back to you . I appreciate the invite and lets keep in touch . Are you keeping Mark in line these days ?
Russell , Attached is the new master . I have asked Debra to prepare the letter agreement to move all existing transactions to this new master .
Attached is the form of master agreement which I sent to you earlier today . Please forward to AEC to facilitate their review . I have highlighted the sections that are different from the existing master in place with AEC . I did not have the original 97 agreement on word document so I simply highlighted those sections .
Attached is a revised petition which includes the section of ECS' discussions with WFEC . Please review . I sending out this draft for the sake of saving time without review by my clients and am asking them to review as well . I assume the next step is for Jeff to revise the conclusion with the bullets points and circulate a final draft for everyone's review . Let me know if this is not the case . Thanks for your help .
Did get delivered to you the first time .
Attached is the document with both Susan's and my comments . Please incorporate into your final draft .
Hey EZ , Paul's number is 760-510-8090 . I haven't called him yet but need to . Yea it was good to hang out with you again this weekend . I did look up that Acura on the internet .  Looks interesting . We'll have to give her a test drive . Later ,
I have received and will begin my review . When can I expect the coal hauling contract .
Ernie , That sounds cool . Do you need credit card to book ? I checked out the Acura sites . Vehicle looks pretty sweet .
That address should be correct . Try this one: bieraugel@efortress.com It should also work .
Pat , Please print hard copies of these for me . Thanks .
Attached are the Enfolio and GISB Spot Contracts . Let's discuss .
Did you make it to work ok this morning ? I am extremely because somebody kept me up late last night . Not that I am complaining . Probably not going to do some of my finest work today . Seriously , I had a great time last night . Gerald
FYI
Staci , Attached is the final draft of the petition we are jointly filing with Gulf Power Company . The plan is to file it tomorrow in Tallahassee . I will get with you shortly on finalizing the CSA amendments .
Mark , Attached is the confirm for the Nymex . I revised it to reference the new master to be signed this month .
Mark , Attached is the confirm with my revisions .
Mark , Attached is the revised confirm . I added a provision which requires AEC to execute a new master as soon as reasonably possibly and upon such execution this TA and all TA's between AEC and ENA in place will be governed by the new Master . Let me know if that meets your understanding .
That's disgusting .
Per Chris' phone call attached are the suggested changes to the side letter .
Please disregard the version sent earlier . I inadvertently failed to remove the language in the (  )  . Please use this version .
Per our discussion .
Per Mark Whitt's request I am forward our Enfolio Master Spot Contract and the Confirm with the deal details .
Pat , Please print these documents out and fax to Art McMullen at ( 403 ) 234 - 7540 . Please put a note on the fax that I had tried to email to him the docs . at amcmullen@canscot.com but it bounced it back to me as undeliverable .
Still not sure you actually work at Cox Comm . since you haven't emailed from that address and my email didn't go through ! I had better do some more background checks .
Mark , Attached is a draft of the CMS Letter Agreement . Please review and lets discuss . I am not sure I have the correct CMS entity .
Attached is the form .
Stephanie , I reviewed the Confid . Agreement . The attached riders need to be added to the agreement and the term should not exceed 2 years . Let me know if you want to discuss or have questions .
Testing . Testing . This is a test of the Waldrop email systems . This is only a test . If this were a real email , there would be a much more meaningful and heartfelt message contained herein .
Mark , I talked with Jeff Stone this morning concerning the petition . The petition did not get filed on Friday as planned . Jeff had left for Tallahassee prior to the FEDEX arriving on Friday morning . They also wanted to have Katz-Kutter ( our counsel in Fla. ) sign the transmittal letter for the petition prior to sending . This way the petition is sent by the customer and not the utility . Bill Bryant at Katz-Kutter was unavailable Fri . Jeff assured me that they will get this filed today . I asked him to call me once filed . We need to start thinking about the best way to approach WFEC after this petition is filed . It sounds like Alabama Electric Cooperative is the way to approach this . Do we know someone in our power trading group who works with AEC ? Might be useful to approach it through that relationship .
Ernie , How is it going ? Did you have a good weekend ? I actually had to work for part of it , so my weekend wasn't all that great . Were you able to book a room for me ? Wanted to be sure that was taken care of .
Ernie , Thanks for taking care of that . I will probably be getting into Austin earlier than you . I'll have my cell phone with me . ( 281 ) 772-9250 . If you get into town earlier , give me a call . Otherwise why don't you just call me at the room when you get to the hotel . Sounds great , we'll ride over together . I might bring this girl I have kinda been seeing with me . My latest victim . We'll see . I believe that's correct . The wedding is at 7 . Thanks for the Dilliards tip . I was going to ask about that .
Andrew , Attached is a rough draft of the CSA . I am still reviewing the version , but it is substantially correct . In the interest of time I am forwarding this for your review . Please note Section 3.4 . I am a little concerned about this section from a retail wheeling standpoint . I am trying to find local counsel in Pa to review this section . Please review and lets discuss .
Mark , Please review my attached change to the confirm . This makes it clear that if we don't like their changes to the Master we will not accept them and the existing Master still governs . If acceptable I will forward back to AEC . Russell , AEC is reviewing the Master and indicated they would have comments within a week or so . The plan is now to execute this confirm and follow up with the new master . The credit language that was in the earlier version has been removed .
I know . It seems as though Mr . Rudy is in love , so damned the consequences! ! How are you doing ? Work treating you okay ? How is the law school application going ?
My Dearest Barbara , I long for the time when I can gaze into your lovely golden brown eyes and lose myself in your innate beauty . The sheer black leather rockies revealing your strong athletic form tonight will be a wonderful memory upon which I can call upon to see me through any of life's most challenging obstacles . Sigh!!!!!! ! I plan on leaving for the magical journey tonight as soon as humanly possible . For who can think of work when one so lovely as Barbara awaits . I can take journey upon my green Camry steed to pluck the lovely young Ms . Waldrop from those two known as Steve and Gina , and we will abound on towards fate . Perchance it might be best for Barbara to come seek me out , as I am adrift without direction to the place where Steve and Gina reside . Yours truly , Gerald
I am doing well . Staying busy with work as usual . Wow , your new job sounds like fun . I wouldn't mind going to NYC once in a while . I am around next week . Maybe we could grab lunch or a happy later next week . Let's talk early next week .
Ann , Attached is the confirm with revisions . I tweaked the language to make it clear that the transaction is governed by the existing master until we get the new one executed . Please review and if OK , I can prepare executables for signature . Please keep me updated on the status of the review of the new master . Thanks .
Please review Section 7.3 and 7.4 closely . I will be sending the revised LOI shortly .
7:00 pm is fine and I knew you still had a thing for David .
Andrew , Attached is the form of LOI for your review .
Mike , I never did receive a executed copy of the Master and Transaction Agreement between EES and Enron Compression Services Company . Do you have a copy and could you send it to me ?
Jeff , At this point we are considering approaching WFEC and AEC to discuss this with them . Do you see any potential pitfalls from your side with doing so ?
Heather , I did receive the Ash Handling Agreement from Bill White and I am reviewing and should have comments shortly . I have not received the Coal Handling Agreement yet from Kris' attorney .
THIS TERM SHEET PROPOSAL IS FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY TO FACILITATE THE NEGOTIATION PREPARATION AND EXECUTION OF A DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT . THIS TERM SHEET PROPOSAL IS NOT AN OFFER OR COMMITMENT BY BUYER OR ANY AFFILIATE OF ENRON NORTH AMERICA CORP . ALL PRICES AND TERMS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE UNTIL SUCH TIME WHEN A DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT MAY BE SIGNED . THIS TERM SHEET PROPOSAL IS NOT INTENDED TO CREATE A BINDING OR ENFORCABLE AGREEMENT OR CONTRACT OR TO BE COMPLETE AND INCLUSIVE OF ALL THE TERMS OF THE SUBJECT TRANSACTION . FURTHERMORE , THIS TERM SHEET PROPOSAL IS NOT A COMMITMENT OR AGREEMENT TO ENTER INTO A BINDING AGREEMENT OR CONTRACT IN THE FUTURE .
Mark , Attached is a draft of the Owner's Engineer Agreement for the Gulf Power transmission facilities . Please review . Note that I need some input on the following: 1 . Description of Services - Exhibit "A" 2 . Rate Schedule - Exhibit "B"
Ruppie , I don't have her email . I have her office number , but it is at the house .
Hey Dena , Thanks for accompanying me to lunch today . I really enjoyed our conversation . You are very charming . The rest of this week is pretty crazy and I am going to Austin for my friends wedding this weekend , but would you be interested in getting some dinner sometime next week ? Maybe Wed . or Thursday evening ? Gerald
That's fine . Actually I really need to catch up on my sleep and my Napster downloading . Have fun with your friends and I'll chill out at my crib . Yes , my face has taken a beating in recent months . Tell Casey I will live .
Andrew , Attached is the CSA . I added some language in the HP-hour Charge section concerning the minimums . I wasn't able to download the spreadsheet into the doc . I think it needs to be formatted into word and my assistant is not here today . We can just print out the excel file and attach for now . Let me know if you have any questions .
Did you ever receive these documents ? If so , I need the originals .
Ann , I am going to FEDEX the Transaction Agreement to you for sig . What is your address ?
Oops . I just found the address on the TA . I will just FEDEX there .
Mark , Do you have these documents ?
David , Could you please review the following agreement . Specifically Paragraph 11 which covers insurance . ReUse will be providing ash handling services under this agreement . This same agreement will be used for both Lumbertown Power , LLC and Elizabethtown Power , LLC . These are the power plants in the Alamac transaction . We are looking at replacing the existing Ash and Coal handling agreements with new ones . Let me know if you have any questions .
Tyrell , Not sure if you sent this out yet , but if you didn't; In the disclaimer section - the second sentence refers to "Buyer" . This needs to be changed to Enron North America Corp .
Attached is the form of CA . Let me know if you have any questions .
Ha Ha Ha . I forgot . No need for the attitude though .
Yes , the "or something" part . Did Gillaspie tell you were are going to Lil Woodrows for suds after work today ?
I have tentatively set up a 2:00 central time conference call with Bill Bryant to discuss sitting down with the staff of PSC to discuss our petition . Are you available at this time ?
Approximately 5:30 !
Clement , Attached is a form of Enron Guaranty which has been marked up by the counterparty . The guaranty would back to LLC which are owned by ENA to develop power plants . The guaranty backs a Precedent Agreement and a long term firm transport agreement . Please review the comments and let me know what you think .
Brant , Attached are the form of the JV Cinergy Guaranties . I will route the ENA for signature . Please note Section 2 . I made these JV guaranties secondary to the Bridgeline Guaranty . Is March 1 , 2000 , the correct effective date for these .
Debra , We need to prepare a spot purchase master and confirm for the following deal . Please let me know if their is any further information that you need . I don't believe they have an existing master spot , but we should check this . Thanks .
I am available at 1 pm . Let me know if that still works for you .
FYI
Hi Dena , Hope you had a good weekend . I went to Austin for my friends wedding . Got to see a lot of old friends that I haven't seen in a while , so that was cool . Sounds like your pretty busy these days . I can understand that with the transition moving forward . Lunch would be great . I am open later this week or early next week . Let me know what you schedule looks like . Gerald
Attached are the Master Enfolio Spot and the Transaction Agreement for the North Finn , LLC transaction . Please review and if acceptable , forward to North Finn for execution .
FYI , Haven't reviewed it yet , but here is the latest .
Nick , Attached is the form of services agreement . The form is a little different than Steve Van Hooser's original form . This a form that we used in Wyoming which I modified to fit this context . I will prepare the tasking letter based on your scope of work and forward shortly . Let me know if you have any questions .
How is your day going ? Generally manageable around here . One of the assistants found out I used to be an Iron Maiden fan ( technically , I still am ) and brought me an old Iron Maiden poster . Boy is that going to look good in the house . I know this is really impressing you . Talk at ya later ,
Attached is the tasking letter based on the scope of work you provided . Please let me know if you have any questions .
The change if fine . We also need to add the completion date for the services in Part I Section 3 . I left it blank since I did not have that information .
Attached are the Professional Services Agreement and the associated Tasking Letter . Please review .
I went to the floor with the intention of checking this guy out , but when I got there I felt stupid and didn't really feel the need to pursue that . I am actually sorry I mentioned it to you . Insensitive on my part . It is not a huge concern to me at this point . How is your day going ? Have you gone out of your way to talk to Cynthia yet ?
FYI
Staci , Attached is the CSA with my comments redlined . Please review and let's discuss .
I would include language which also obligates Calpine to take assignment of the Precedent Agreement with Kern and any associated firm transport contracts and to meet Kern's credit requirements in doing so . I would propose the following in addition to the Guarantee language; Calpine agrees to satisfy any requirements of Kern River and execute any and all documents as may be reasonably necessary to effectuate , as of the Closing , the permanent assignment/release from Enron North America Corp . to Calpine of ( i ) that certain Precedent Agreement for Firm Transportation Service between Enron North America Corp . and Kern River dated _______ , 2001 ( the "Precedent Agreement" ) and/or ( ii ) any firm transportation agreements entered into in accordance with the Precedent Agreement ( (i ) and ( ii ) collectively referred to as the "Kern Transport" ) such that Kern River ( a ) agrees to look solely to Calpine for all obligations with respect to the Kern Transport and ( b ) unconditionally releases ENA from all obligations for demand/reservation charges , and all other charges related to the Kern Transport . Obviously there is still the risk that if Calpine doesn't close or meet Kern River's credit requirements , then ENA is still left holding this contract . If you have any question , please contact me at ( 713 ) 853-3512 .
Please review and let me know if you have any questions .
Sounds good . I let Eric know . He's not sure if he will make it , but oh well , I gave him the invite . Are you still cranking away at work ? Kicking butt and taking names .
I am still working through these comments . Let me know what you think .
Ann , I have received your comments to the Enfolio and will review them . Have you received the confirms for the Transaction and executed yet ?
Stephanie , I made on small change . Also attached is the Assignment agreement for Kern River .
It is going fine so far ! We'll see about the rest of the day . Eric and I tried a new burger place for lunch . I was bad and had a cheeseburger con fries . Now I am struggling to even stay awake . Nap . Nap . Any idea on your ETA at Woodrow's this evening ?
Two words about my after work activities . Proper Pumpitude! ! I have to work that cheeseburger off . Why don't I call you on your cell when I get showered up and if your already past mi casa or at the bar , I will just meet you there . Sound good ?
Chris , Attached is the form of CA for Power Engineers , Inc . Let me know if you have any qeustions .
Please print these on Enron logo only letterhead . Need to create a header for Enron Compression Services Company on these documents .
Attached is the information of Barbara's friend . Happy hunting . I give you a call later about Satellite .
Paul , Attached is a resume of a gas trader that is looking for a job at Enron . David knows her , but I don't . Any idea's on who needs to see this or if Enron is even interested in higher more traders ?
FYI , Seems like the number is getting bigger and there may still be more numbers out there . Let's discuss .
Shut Up! !
I'll be here all week . Let me know when you receive the letter .
Kay , Please see attached . If you could let me know ASAP I would appreciate it .
Please see the attached revision per our phone discussion this morning . If acceptable please fax executed CA to ( 713 ) 646-3490 .
Kay , Do we have a Confidentiality Agreement in place with this entity ?
Terry , Attached is a typical form that was executed . Specifically Section 3.3 under which we will be curtail are takes from the Producers and any requirements to take pro rata from producers in Wyoming . Thanks . Any possibility of getting feedback by tommorrow . Thanks .
Russell , I am still reviewing . We are light this week on attorney's due to spring break and I am catching a lot of overflow . I will try to get through it as soon as possible .
Brant , Attached is clean and redlined copy of the revised Credit Services Agreement with Bridgeline . I made significant revisions to this document . In general the document was very thin and needed to be reinforced to provide a more detailed deal arrangement . Please review and if credit is OK , I am fine to send this to Bridgeline . Please note that I did leave an open question on the fee structure . The agreement currently provides for a flat fee of $10,000 per month for the services . Do we need to be reimburse for any third party expenses to perform the services or would all services be internal and included in the flat fee ? Need to establish this before we send out to Bridgeline . Let me know if you have any questions .
You are so cool . I can't believe that the person in that picture with the biggest rock band of all time , was in my bed last night . Wow ! Everyday I found something out that just makes me want you more and more ! Ha Ha Ha How is Ms . Barbara doing today ? I am weary from the pile of other people's projects couched on top of my head but "I will survive , Hey Hey" . I've lost the edge Maverick , I am holding on too tight !
In case you are not on your work email .
Rock and Roll!!!!!! !
Jean , FYI , I have faxed the executed CA back to Entergy concerning Highland Energy . They should be good to move forward with discussion . Let me know if you need anything else .
I forwarded your picture to Eric and your little comment about you wanting to join Quiet Riot has sent shockwaves through the members of Monkey Pump . First of all , you haven't even been voted into the band yet ( seems the chances are getting less likely with you already shopping your skills on the market ) and now you already discussing new ventures . Secondly , Monkey Pump is not a stepping stone . We are big time and those has beens "Quiet Riot" will wish for just a small portion of our fame and fortune . I guess this does add a new dimension to the much anticipated VH-1 Behind the Music: Monkey Pump episode . "Monkey Pump was on its way , they were only 5 years away from their first album , but little did they know that the person who they weren't even really sure they wanted to be their lead singer , already had other designs on reviving a heavy metal icon from long ago . When we return on behind the music............"
Eric and I will discuss this and get back with you . In the meantime we had better not see you at any photo ops with Poison or Warrant .
Mark , Attached is the letter agreement we discussed . Please review . It is rough . Some issues to note: 1 . The Kern PA cannot be assigned without their consent , which shall not be unreasonably withheld . If Kern didn't like the fact that we are receiving assignment from 3 or 4 other shippers , they might withhold consent if they thought we were superceding their bid procedures . Not sure if they would , but it is a risk . 2 . If the assignment is done after the producer executes the firm transport agreement , Kern could require to capacity to be released via capacity release at max rate . 3 . I took a stab at the mark-to-market calculation . Probably needs more substance though . Lets discuss .
Attached for your review is a draft letter for third parties whom with we plan to participate in the Kern River Open Season . Barry asked that I forward to you as well for review .
Per Steve's request , I am forwarding a phone number of a consulting company that produces maps which show all pipeline in Texas ( sorted by county) . This might be a good place to start to find the pipeline you described in your voice mail to Steve . The company is Design Technics Corp . Phone: ( 713 ) 460-2291 . The map will generally show where the pipeline runs , but it is depicted at more of a macro level .
Mary , Attached is the list . Let me know if you run into any problems .
Tyrell , I have made some revisions to the latest drafts of the letter agreement and your cover letter . Please review . As I noted earlier , Barry indicated he had some language that he wanted to revise concerning the mark to market . I have not been able to contact him yet . So unless Mark and Barry have talked , probably need to hold these until you or I hear from Barry . Also , if we are going to do any of these transaction with a Canadian party , Peter Keohane and Eric Ledain need to comment on this form . I have sent them an earlier version and I am copying them here . I will be in a meeting until about 3:30 pm central and will be available after that . I again want to reiterate , that if the assignment takes place after the firm transport agreements are signed , Kern could require the assignment to be done via the capacity release bidding procedures of their tariff . I noticed that one of the packages is less than 1 year in term . This means it could also be bid up in excess of max rate . Anything over 1 year could only be bid to max rate . We may want to add a provision that to the extent the capacity is assigned via capacity release and it is bid up beyond max rate , ENA will have no obilgation to take the capacity and make the mark to market payment . Probably need to discuss this with Mark .
Do you have addresses and fax numbers for these counterparties ?
Attached is the latest draft for review . We plan on convening and 8 am central time to review and finalize .
I should be talking to Barry in about 10 minutes , and we will probably have a few more changes .
Add these two to the list .
Here is one more .
Great . Thanks for all your help on this .
Brant , Attached is a clean and redlined version of the revised agreement per our discussion
Yes , I am alive . Got in a little late , but still here nonetheless . Deblah who ? I am checking to see if anybody is up for tonight and I should know later this afternoon . I know we really need to have more drinks , its been so long . Yes , I was serious about China . Talked to Eric this morning and they would leave on June 6 and return on June 16 . I need to make sure this works with my work schedule . I think it would be really cool to see Bejing , the Great Wall , etc.............. . and hone my skills as Show Lin High Priest Martial Arts badass..... .
John , Attached is the Transco guaranty with further revisions . The following items of note were revised . 1 . Transco added language stating that this is a performance guaranty . Enron will only provide a payment guaranty . Enron does not have the means to ensure performance by the LLC . Thus the language needs to clearly identify that this is a payment guaranty . As long as Transco gets paid for the transport , I am not sure why this matters . 2 . Transco would be able to collect interest for late payments under their tariff . Putting late payment interest in the guaranty would give Transco the ability to recover double interest on late payments . Thus , the interest language in the guaranty was removed . Please review the revised guaranty . I would be happy to discuss these issues with Transco's attorney's at their convenience . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks .
1 . Kern River Expansion Bid - Executed approximately 6 agreements with producers to partcipate in Kern River's Open Season . Producers were required to bid in Open Season and upon award of capacity by Kern , the producers will assign such capacity to ENA in exchange for 25% of ENA mark to market profit on the capacity . Overall objective of the project was to increase ENA capacity stake on this expansion . The basis is currently very profitable between Wyoming and California . Worked with Barry Tycholiz and Mark Whitt 2 . Enron Compression Services - StageCoach - Negotiating a deal to provide HP Compression Services to Tennessee Gas Pipeline Company in Pennsylvania . Drafts have been sent to Tennessee . Also negotiating a power and gas deal with EES to provide electric service to the compressor and sell the gas to EES which ECS receives from Tennessee .
Ken , Attached are the Medusa docs with some slight revision . The revisions are all to make it clear that this is a nonbinding proposal . Please let me know if you have any questions .
Debra , This is another one for a Master Firm/Purchase Sale . The Enron entity in these deals is Bridgeline Gas Marketing , LLC Let me know if you have any questions .
Here is the last one .
Stephanie , Attached is a the form of assignment that we would use for the Kern River expansion with the producer . Please let me know if you have any questions .
Andrew , Attached is a draft of the Master Firm/Purchase between EES and ECS and its accompany Transaction Agreement . I think it does make sense to have a separate agreement to encompass the overall annual true between the power and gas sides . Need to discuss this with EES' attorney . I will contact Bo and see who is the lead attorney on this deal . Please review the attached documents and let me know before you send this to EES . As you will see I have a few question noted on the TA .
How is it going ? I didn't get here until about 9:20 . Yikes . I had 6 voicemail messages , when I got here . Help .
Bo , Attached is the draft of the gas agreement for the StageCoach transaction . There are still a few blanks for which Andrew is getting the information . Please review and let me know if you have any questions . Also to follow up on our discussion from earlier concerning who would actually contracts with the PPL for the Utility Agreement; we had earlier discussed Tennessee Gas Pipeline contracting with the Utility with EES acting as their agent for interaction with the Utility . However , I think it should be EES who contracts with the Utility to receive electric service . TGP has contracted with ECS for Compression Services and ECS has contracted with EES for power . TGP has no need for a power deal . Let me know what you think about this . It is my understanding that EES is working on a revised draft of the TA for the Power Contract . Let me know if this is not correct . Thanks .
Dan , Per our discussion , attached is the Compressor Services Agreement between Enron Compression Services Company and Tennessee Gas Pipeline Company . This is a rough draft at this point , but should give you a good idea of the structure of this deal . Note that Section 3.4 will be removed as this is no longer part of the deal .
Ken , I am forwarding the initialed cover letter with the changes included . Please revise the body of the proposal to also reflect the changes made to the cover sheet . Let me know if you have any questions .
That's fine . Actually my friend Paul called me and wanted to get together for a beer tonight with Andy , so it looks like I will be blowing off working out . Uh-oh . That sounds fine . Tell Shannon hello at the movies . Ha Ha just kidding :-O . Can't wait to hear your skiiillz on the radio .
I couldn't have said it better myself .
Please review the attached response to the PSC for accuracy . Let me know if you have any issues .
Gnny , Please see the bold sentence I added . Wanted to make it clear that there would be no double interest . Let me know if that works for you . I have left a voicemail with Enron Corp . counsel to review this and the other items we discussed yesterday . Hopefully we can get this settled today . Thanks .
Some thoughts that might help from time to time . This was forwarded to me , and I found it very compelling . Maybe God wants us to meet a few wrong people before meeting the right one so that when we finally meet the right person , we will know how to be grateful for that gift . When the door of happiness closes , another opens , but often times we look so long at the closed door that we don't see the one which has been opened for us . The best kind of friend is the kind you can sit on a porch and swing with , never say a word , and then walk away feeling like it was the best conversation you've ever had . It's true that we don't know what we've got until we lose it , but it's also true that we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives . Giving someone all your love is never an assurance that they'll love you back ! Don't expect love in return; just wait for it to grow in their heart but if it doesn't , be content it grew in yours . It takes only a minute to get a crush on someone , an hour to like someone , and a day to love someone , but it takes a lifetime to forget someone . Don't go for looks; they can deceive . Don't go for wealth; even that fades away . Go for someone who makes you smile because it takes only a smile to make a dark day seem bright . Find the one that makes your heart smile . There are moments in life when you miss someone so much that you just want to pick them from your dreams and hug them for real ! Dream what you want to dream; go where you want to go; be what you want to be , because you have only one life and one chance to do all the things you want to do . May you have enough happiness to make you sweet , enough trials to make you strong , enough sorrow to keep you human , enough hope to make you happy . Always put yourself in others' shoes . If you feel that it hurts you , it probably hurts the other person , too . The happiest of people don't necessarily have the best of everything; they just make the most of everything that comes along their way . Happiness lies for those who cry , those who hurt , those who have searched , and those who have tried , for only they can appreciate the importance of people who have touched their lives . Love begins with a smile , grows with a kiss and ends with a tear . The brightest future will always be based on a forgotten past , you can't go on well in life until you let go of your past failures and heartaches . When you were born , you were crying and everyone around you was smiling . Live your life so that when you die , you're the one who is smiling and everyone around you is crying . Please send this message to those people who mean something to you , to those who have touched your life in one way or another , to those who make you smile when you really need it , to those that make you see the brighter side of things when you are really down , to those who you want to let them know that you appreciate their friendship . And if you don't , don't worry , nothing bad will happen to you , you will just miss out on the opportunity to brighten someone's day with this message .
Rusty , Attached is a blank form for use in the E&I work . The Work Offer form for the other contracts should be attached as an Exhibit to the other contracts . If it is not , let me know .
Interesting ! Did she say why she was trying to call you at home ? I don't care if you tell where you have been , unless you think it would make things awkard between you . Probably not a good idea overall though .
Sorry , I should have gone up to gas control this morning when I had still had the shakes .
That sounds good . Let talk in the am .
Ann , I have completed the review of the comments to the Enfolio . It might make the most sense to discuss these over the phone to get quicker resolution . Are you available tommorrow afternoon to discuss the comments .
Attached is a draft of the letter for Phillips Petroleum that we discussed today . Please review and let me know if you have any questions .
Clement , The form of Kern River guaranty is attached at the end of this email . This is the form we would use for both the ENA bid and the 5 other third parties who have submitted bid on behalf of ENA . Please review .
That sound cool . I will schedule it up .
Would it be possible to do this call tomorrow afternoon ? About 1:30 or 2:00 central time . My morning is a little tight .
Linda , Arthur Anderson is conducted an audit of the subject entity and needs to obtain sign off from ENA Counsel that there is no pending litigation against this entity . ECS Compression Company , LLC is owned approximately 10% by Enron Compression Services Company , which is 100% owned by ENA . Attached is the form letter they want us to provide . Can you review any issues with this LLC and have Richard Sanders sign off on this letter ? The letter needs to go to Jennifer Staton , who can be contacted at the cc email address . Let me know if you need my help or have any questions . Thanks .
Julie , Steve forwarded your phone concerning the GTC for EOL transportation capacity . Attached is the GTC I prepared for the EOL capacity release product . Let me know if you have any questions .
FYI , Forgot to cc you on this .
Heather , Attached is the ash handling agreement with revisions . Please review . I will be forwarding the coal handling agreement shortly . The changes should be similar . Redline of this document will follow .
Attached is the redline of the Ash Agreement .
Heather , Attached are redlines of both the Coal Handling Agreement and the Ash Handling Agreement with revisions . I made a few further changes to the Ash Handling Agreement in the Indemnity Section . Please review and let me know if you have any questions . Both docs do have a few questions inserted where I wasn't sure if the language accurately reflected our deal . Sorry for the delay .
Thanks for the review . A more formal response is not necessary at this time .
My location is EB3883 . Thanks
Hey Ernie ! Sorry I didn't get back with you Friday . I left a little early , so I must have just missed your message . Did you guys have a good time on Friday night ? How is everything going ? It has actually been thick around here . Worked several late nights last week to try and get caught up . I may have to delay the purchase of the new car with Enron's stock taking a hit lately . It did gain some points on Friday and early today . Hopefully it keeps it up . Talked to George since his wedding ? Haven't heard anything out of him since . Probably just overcome by marital bliss .
How was the big weekend in Vegas ? I usually don't have to much luck at gambling but I like to do it nonetheless . Did you win any money on the fight ? I had a blast the last time I went . We stayed at the Paris hotel . Very nice . All those hotel employees saying "Bon Jeur" every 5 minutes did get a little tiring though .
Stephanie , Attached is the form for the Hunt to Misako assignment .
Attached is clean and redlined version of the Misako letter agreement with revisions . Please review and if ok have Misako execute .
Please see attached . I added an agreement by Hunt to assign their PA to
Brant , Attached are the Master Firm agreement that Debra prepared based on your credit worksheet . I removed the form of Guaranty since we use a different form for the Bridgeline Holdings , L.P . and I wasn't sure if we would need a JV guaranty for any of these deals . Please review and let me know if you have any questions .
I'll be there at 7:00 . Barbara is planning on going , but will probably be late . Around 8:00 . She likely just meet us for drinks . Is that a problem ?
How is it going ? Did you survive the honeymoon ?
Clement , Attached is the Enron Corp . guaranty for Transco's transportation agreement . We revised the interest language to make it clear we are not subject to double interest and put in a limited performance guaranty for the Company's execution of the transportation agreements . Please review and let me know if you have questions .
That's fine . I don't think we had anything planned for Thursday .
Ginny , Please see the attached guaranty . A clean and redlined version are attached . I revised the language based on our discussions and added the language concerning interest which we had both previously approved . We are OK to execute this form . Let me know if acceptable and I will go ahead and execute . Thanks .
These look fine to me . Go ahead and forward to Brant if you are ready .
Yes , Please send them to me for my review . Also please copy Nick Cocavesis . My fax number is ( 713 ) 646-3490 .
Dutch , Attached is a draft GTC for the storage product we discussed . Please review . There are a few areas in the doc . which I have highlighted for question . The business terms probably need to be flushed out a little more . I would be happy to discuss this with the appropriate individuals at your convenience . Sorry for the delay .
Russell , I reviewed this with our business guys and they were fine with what you represent here . We did not check this with Tom Balcerowiz and he needs to take a look at it . Have your technical people gotten with Tom yet on any of these issues ? If not then we can run it down on this end . Our only concern was that reliability between Gulf's 230 kv system and AEC's 115 kv system was not addressed . It was our understanding that this was a question of the PSC staff . Are there plans to provide any information concerning this item , or is no information available from AEC for such assessment ? Any word concerning WFEC's response to our petition or any filings they have made with the PSC ?
Darren , Please prepare a credit ticket for Sierra Pacific Power Company . Per Russell Diamonds request , I am forwarding this to your attention . Let me know if you need anything else .
Darren , Since the Master is an old vintage , we are amending to reflect the current version and specifically any credit revisions that are necessary . The old master was only set up for 6 month or less term deals with volumes of 15,000 MMBtu or less .
Ken , I made a few tweaks . Attached are the revised docs .
I'll will be around . Give me a call before you come up .
Chris , Sorry for delay . We plan on making a decision a getting back with the candidates no later than April 6th .
Barry , Attached is a draft of the confirm for the Sierra Deal . This confirm reflect only the volumes related to Package Two . The confirm for package one would be indentical to this one with term and volumes revised . As we discussed this confirm , does not reflect the revisions needed to the existing master . Please review and let's discuss .
Debra , Darren Should be sending you two credit tickets for these entities . I will prepare the confirms for the Nevada Power Co . Master . Thanks .
Barry , Attached are the Master Firm agreement for both Sierra Pacific and Nevada . If you are OK with these , we can foward to them for their review . As soon you provide any comments on the Transaction Agreement , I can finalize them under the Nevada Power master agreement .
FYI .
I will be attending .
We can go ahead and prepare the termination letter , but it looks like Cheryl has some issues to flush out before we officialy terminate that tower lease .
Barry , Attached are both confirms for the Nevada Power master with the changes we discussed yesterday . Please review and if acceptable , please forward Nevada Power . I am also re-attaching the Masters for both Sierra and Nevada . No changes were made to the masters .
Have you guys received any information from Gulf Power concerning regular updates on the construction ? Jeff indicated that Gulf would be willing to provide updates monthly . If we haven't heard from Gulf , we need to push them to provide this info .
Please see the attached . John , I think the only other issue was inserting the reference to Paragraph 6 in both Paragraphs 8 and 9 . Let me know if you have any questions .
Per your notes .
Barbara , The attached doc . contains a comparison of Houston Law Firm pay for associates . This chart has the base salary only without any bonuses included . I pulled this from FindLaw.com . Let me know if you have any questions or want to discuss .
Eggcellent!! ! Yes , I did have your watch . However , due to lean times on the Nemec ranch , I was forced to see what the cash equivalent of your watch would be . Does $10 sound fair . Anyway I took the ten bucks , which thankfully acounted for both my beers last night . Chalk up another one to the Nemec leisure activity fund .
Attached is a rough draft of the pricing letter for Kennedy Oil on the excess gas volumes . Please review and add the relevant pricing structure . Let me know if you have any questions .
Jenn , Here is Jeff and Cathy's flight info . Mine and Babs are the same except for the first legs to Tokyo . We go from Houston to Minneapolis to the city the Godzilla destroyed . I.e . Tokyo . Then we catch the same flights from Tokyo to Shanghai . We have the same return flights . A??????????????? ? ?  NORTHWST AIR FLIGHT: 6007?????????????? ? CLASS: Q??? ? CONFIRMED ?  AIRCRAFT: BOEING 777 JET??????????????????????????????? ? FLT . TIME: 13:35 ?  NORTHWST AIR FLIGHT:? ? 11?????????????? ? CLASS: Q??? ? CONFIRMED ?  AIRCRAFT: BOEING 747 JET??????????????????????????????? ? FLT . TIME: ? 3:00 ?  DINNER???????????????????????????????????????????????????????? ? ?  NORTHWST AIR FLIGHT: 5985?????????????? ? CLASS: Q??? ? CONFIRMED ?  AIRCRAFT: BOEING 747 JET??????????????????????????????? ? FLT . TIME: 10:15 ?  NORTHWST AIR FLIGHT: 6442?????????????? ? CLASS: Q??? ? CONFIRMED ?  AIRCRAFT: BOEING 757 JET??????????????????????????????? ? FLT . TIME: ? 3:31 ? **RATES SUBJECT TO CHANGE UNTIL BOOKED AND TICKETED**??????????????? ? ? FARE QUOTED $812.60 ? PER PERSON . RATE INCLUDES ALL TAXES AND FEES??? ? ? THANK YOU FOR CALLING TRAVEL INC.??????????????????????????????????? ? ? A GOVERNMENT ISSUED PHOTO ID IS REQUIRED TO BOARD ALL FLIGHTS.?????? ?
Bill , Attached is our reponse to the letter we received from AEC . I made a few changes to Chris's version . Please review and let me know if you have any suggestions . If possible , we would like to send this out today .
Pat , Can you get with Taffy to obtain the boxes and labels for moving . Thanks
Attached are the contracts for the Kennedy and Quantum excess gas purchase . The confirms will be signed by the parties and governed by the GTC . The attached GTC is the same for both confirms . Note the Exhibit A to each confirm is not attached . I will simply take the well listing Exhibit's from the existing long term contracts to create these new exhibits .
I want to move to the new garage . Let me know what I need to do . Thanks .
We lightened the tone significantly . Let's discuss .
Please replace the prior version with these . I added some Wyoming Royalty Statute language in both confirms . Let me know if you have any questions .
Ken , I have read through the agreement . I think this agreement need some fairly significant revisions . It is extremely one-sided as currently written . I will write up my comments and get those to you early next week . "Ken" Please respond to kckrisa
Ozzie , Steve Van Hooser forwarded two agreement for electric service from CP&L for the Elizabethtown and the Lumbertown cogen facilities for my review . I have reviewed the documents and they are standard tariff type service agreements . There are two items to which I would like to draw your attention . These deals look to have a 10 year term since they are being served from Transmission Service . 1 . If Customer terminate earlier , there would be a termination payment equal to the loss in salvage value of the facilities used to serve the Customer . Not sure what this value is , but might be significant , depending on what facilities CP&L would install to serve these plants . 2 . There is a minimum bill each month that Customer would have to pay , even if there was no usage of power by Customer . If you are OK with these issues , I will initial the agreements and forward these to you for signature . Please contact me at x33512 if you would like to discuss .
Barry , Attached is the form of assignment that we can use for assignment of all the Transportation Agreement to ENA . Let me know if you have any questions .
Darren , Per our discussion , attached are the confirms for the Nevada Power transaction for the Firm GTC in lieu of the master . After review , lets discuss the credit provisions we need to insert into the GTC .
Barry , Attached is the GTC form without any revisions for any credit language . Darren will be getting back with me shortly on the credit issues .
Julie is checking with Kern and the modification to their assignment agreement and whether they will prepare the assignments . If I am to prepare the assignments I will need the Transportation Service Agreement information ( volume , contract # , contract date ) for each shipper .
Linda , I have reviewed the form of Master Construction Agreement and have approved its use in this project . Please let me know if you have any further questions .
Per your voice mail .
Julie , The attached spreadsheet contains all the parties and volumes , but I am still missing some contract numbers . The Denver office is trying to round up that info . Kern probably has all the contract numbers and could fill those in .
The attached schedule has all the contract numbers . Let me know if you have any questions .
These are the latest versions . of the Sierra confirms .
I plan on attending the dinner .
Ken , See attached . If Universal can provide the document online , I can insert the appropriate language for all these comments . Please review and let me know if you have any questions .
Barry , Attached is the Firm GTC for the Sierra Deal with the credit language . Also attached are the confirms for completeness .
FYI
Barry , Attached is a rough draft of the amendment to the letter agreement . Please review .
Barry , Attached are the confirms with the revised Period of Delivery language as we discussed .
We have made contact in the East . Looks like you had better start developing a taste for seafood .
David , Per the attached , we do have an agreement with Mustang and I am ok with the form . Please see that attached tasking affiliate letter . As for M&H , we will need a scope of services , dates , and payment terms . Please provide this info , and I will prepare the tasking letter .
Dave , Attached is the work offer for M&H please review . There are a few blanks in the form . Please provide any information you have available .
Barry , Attached is a clean and redline version of the letter amendment revised per your notes and our discussion . The Package One and Package Two language will be stricken for Misako and
Barry , Attached is the rough draft of the Spread Value Calc . for El Paso that we discussed . I should be back at about 2:30 .
I will take a look at this and get it back to you tommorrow . Thanks .
Attached is a draft of the mark to market language per your discussion with Barry . Please review and contact Barry directly to discuss . Barry's numbers
Tyrell , I Kern won't accept changes , then we can insert into Patina letter amended a clause which states the ENA will keep whole Patina for those obligations and liabilities .
What I emailed to PG&E and their response . Barry will have to respond to their questions .
Steve , Just talked with Barry . He said based on last night's curve , the valuation formula would result in a value of $250 mil . A detailed calc for this value will have to wait til Monday .
Attached is a letter agreement which specifies ENA's indemnity obligations for Patina wrt the Kern Transport Agreement . Please review and if acceptable print and execute along with the Kern River assignment form . If you wish to discuss , please contact me at ( 713 ) 853-3512 . Thanks for your assistance .
Attached is the amendment letter , the Spread Value Calc . doc , and the indemnity letter for Patina .
Tyrell , Attached are amendments for the letter agreements . Please distribute to the appropriate individuals . I have also included the Petro-Canada form . Barry , Who in Calgary should work the Petro document ? Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks .
Wow , These emails just get more and more interesting .
Barry , The language looks fine . I would refer to the correct legal name of Enron North America Corp . All else is OK .
Dean , Per Barry's request , attached is the amendment letter to be executed by Petro Canada concerning the Kern River capacity letter agreement . Please forward to the appropriate individual .
Barry , Are you working directly with the business people at PG&E to review this ? What is the status ?
Attached is the Stagecoach LOI revised with my comments . Please review and let me know if you have any questions .
Period of Delivery language revised per your email .
Per our discussion , I added the sentence to the beginning of Section 5A . Please review
John , Looks fine to me .
Yes , I will just initial by the signature line that Jean signs . To: Gerald Nemec/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Subject: RE: LOI Stagecoach Gerald , Can I bring a copy of the Stagecoach LOI on Enron letterhead to you for yousignature ? Chris Hilgert said that we need your initials or signature , including Jean Mrha,s . Where on the document would you sign or initial ? I would like to get this out to El Paso today . Thanks , John
Ken , Attached is your letter with my revisions . I took out the arbitration adder . Decided it probably made more sense to give us the right to go to court immediately if we needed to .
Miguel , Attached is the amendment to the CA we discussed . Please review and let me know if you have any questions or comments . Thanks . If you don't have the original CA that this document amends , please contact Mary Ogden and she can provide a copy of the original .
Debra , Can you prepare a spot master Enfolio contract for the attached party . Let me know if you have any questions .
Nabil , Can you please provide the dates that you are planning on working for the 1st half of the summer . I called your residence earlier today , but your machine did not pick up . It is probably easier to communicate via email since we both keep missing each other . Thanks .
Eric , Can you prepare this assignment . Attached is the form to use for affiliate assignments .
How the hell did you find that number ?
Majed , That sounds great . We look forward to having you here beginning on May 21 . Let me know if you have any questions prior to that date .
Mary , Could you please prepare the form of CA for these entities . Pleasemake them bilateral . Also check with Kay Young for conflicts . Let me knowif you have any questions . Thanks for your help .
FYI , Draft that we sent to Peter with our comments .
Brant , We need to ask PCS Nitrogen if they are a wholly owned subsidiary of Potash . If they are not , then Canadian law may prohibit them from providing a guaranty for a less than wholly owned entity . I will provide you my comments to the documents shortly after lunch .
6 . Right to Compete . This agreement neither obligates any Party to deal exclusively with any other Party hereto nor prevents any Party or any parent , affiliate , subsidiary or related entity or person of such Party from competing with any other Party or any parent , affiliate , subsidiary or related entity of such other Party , so long as such Party remains in compliance with this agreement .
FYI
Attached is the maintenance agreement with my revisions . Please review
Hi Mom , Hope everything is going well . Sorry to hear about the relatives . I am doing fine . Staying busy with work . I am scheduling a trip to China in June . My friend Eric's has a brother who lives in China and is getting married to a Chinese national . He invited me along , so I thought this would be a good opportunity to see a part of the world that I likely would not otherwise see . We will be going from June 4 through June 16 . Flying into the city of Shanghai and from there going to a smaller town called Qingdao . The wedding will take place in Qingdao . Should be interesting to experience a Chinese wedding . We will then go to Beijing for sightseeing . Forbidden City , Tianamen Square , Great Wall etc . Should be a great experience . My roommate will be moving out in a couple of weeks and is getting married May 5 in Des Moines , Iowa . I will going up for the wedding . Take care and talk to you later .
The following provisions are proposed to be added into the Confirms for theFirm GTC . Please review and revise as appropriate . If a Triggering Event occurs , the Notifying Party may ( at its election ) setoff any or all amounts which the Affected Party owes to the Notifying Partyor it Affiliates ( under this Agreement or otherwise ) against any or all amounts which the Notifying Party owes to the Affected Party ( either underthis Agreement or otherwise) . "Affiliate8 means , with respect to any person , any other person ( other than an individual ) that , directly or indirectly , through one or more intermediaries , controls , or is controlled by , or is under common controlwith , such person . For this purpose , "control" means the direct or indirecownership of fifty percent ( 50% ) or more of the outstanding capital stock oother equity interests having ordinary voting power . [Probably want to namEPMI specifically]
Attached is the temporary assignment for the ONEOK deal from Sandia Resources . I received a call from the confirm desk looking for paperwork on this deal . We need to get this signed ASAP . Sorry for the delay .
Please disregard to prior version and use this one .
Tyrell , I am assuming that Cannon has not signed the amendment to the letter agreement yet and we can just modify that letter . Let me know and I will modify the amendment letter to reflect the new payment date .
Attached are the two confirms for the Sierra Pacific Power gas deal with the netting language inserted in the confirms as requested by credit . Please review and let me know if you have any questions . Christian Yoder in Portland also reviewed the language .
For the sake of completeness attached is the final version of the Gas Transaction Support Agreement .
Forgot to copy you on this earlier . Please review and let me know if you have any comments .
Heather , Attached are my comments to the contract forms . I will also forward you a hardcopy of the documents .
Mark , Please reviewed the attached letter . I revised based on our discussion with WIC and CMS .
Debra , Attached are the requested changes to Citations Enfolio Spot Contract .
Attached is the amendment letter for Cannon with a payment date of Jan . 4 , 2002 . Let me know if you have any questions .
Tyrell , Attached is the letter amendment revised to reflect payment of Payment Two on Jan . 4 , 2002 as well . Let me know if you have any questions .
Mark , The following are my responses to Phillip's changes in our letter agreement: 1 . 1st Sentence of Second Paragraph - Strike of reference to Section 3.3 and reference to Appendix 1 - ENA's right to decrease confirmed volumes and Phillips' rights to release the gas are clearly set out in Section 3.3 . The "Operations/Delivery Scheduling Procedures" only are the method by which this is effected . This change needs to be removed . 2 . 1st Sentence of Second Paragraph - The remainder of the changes to the 1st Sentence except for the strike of Seller's Daily Deliverability are OK . Seller's Daily Deliverability needs to remain as this is the correct terminology under the Purchase Agreement . All we are doing here is effecting the provisions of the Purchase Agreement to which both parties have already agreed . 3 . The added sentence at the end of the second paragraph - This needs to be stricken . The Medicine Bow System is not ENA's and we do not want to create a firm purchase deal with this letter . 4 . 1st Sentence of Third Paragraph - The add from "that quantity of Gas.... . to......... . ( the "Released Gas"" should be removed . The term Released Gas is defined under the Purchase Agreement and doesn't need to be defined in this letter . I am OK with ENA "hereby" agreeing to waive any and all rights it has to under Section 3.3 to recall the Gas . However , the term rights ENA "may" have needs to be stricken . ENA's position is that we have the right to recall the gas as long as it hasn't been released longer than 120 days . If you wish to discuss these comments or would like me to discuss these with Phillips , I would be happy to do so .
Steve , I will be there .
Stephanie , I would suggest modifying Section 9.4 as follows: 9.4 Addendum 1 , attached to this Agreement , the bid procedures under which the transportation capacity hereunder was obtained , is hereby incorporated by reference as part of this Agreement , solely for informational purposes only .
Chris , Attached is a draft of the letter agreement between ENAP and ENA and Enron South America . Please review and forward any comments you have . There is an existing Confid . Agreement with ENAP which runs through January 21 , 2002 . The letter I have attached piggybacks off of this existing CA . Does Enron South America have local counsel who can answer whether certain provisions in the Agreement , such as choice of Texas law , are valid under Chilean law ? We need to verify this or Texas law may not be binding . Let me know if you want to discuss or have any questions .
FYI Attached is the draft gas agreement I had forwarded to EES earlier . I did not receive a response .
Attached is the assignment .
Ann , Sorry for not getting back to you on this . I have some answers on the issues that were on my to do list . It might make the most sense for me to comment in response to your memo dated March 8 , and forward to you . I know there were several items that you were checking with your people and I would note those . Let me know what you think .
Clement , Please review AEC's additions and let me know what you think .
Ann , Attached is the memo AEC forward with ENA's responses redline . Please review . When you get AEC's response completed we probably should set up a conference call to discuss and finalize . Thanks .
Bruce , Enron North America Corp . selected 4 candidates for interview for summer clerkship positions from the resumes you forward . Two were made offers with both accepting the offers . The two clerks we have working this summer are: Alisha Mahabir - South Texas College of Law Nabil Nachawati - University of Houston Law Center Nabil will be working the 1st half of the summer and Alisha will be working the 2nd half of the summer . Thanks for all your help with this process . If you need any further information , please do not hesitate to call me at ( 713 ) Gerald Nemec
I do have comments to the proposed revisions . I will compile them and return to you shortly .
Looks good . Go ahead and forward . Thanks for your help .
Becky , I did not have any time off .
I will be attending .
Attached is the latest draft of the CSA based on our discussion . Please forward to the appropriate individuals for review and comment .
Per your voice , attached is the form we used for the Alamac transaction .
John , Please disregard the prior version and use this one . Thanks .
John , Attached are the O&M and the Lease Agreement for the StageCoach Transaction . Please review .
Debra , Do you want to take a shot at drafting these confirms . We will need a firm and an interruptible confirm .
Staci , Please review and let me know what you think of the changes .
Barry , Do you have her email address ?
Per Barry's request , attached are the confirms and GTC for the sale off Kern River . Please review .
I would like to move to the new garage . Let me know what I need to do .
Attached is the response . Please review ASAP as they are trying to file today to meet the response deadlines .
Russell , Attached are my comments . Please let me know if you have any questions .
Thanks . I was hoping you would say that .
Barry , Attached is a draft of the Payment One statement . This one is set up for the wire transfer , so slight mods would be required for a payment by check . Please review and lets discuss .
Ken , Could you please verify the legal name for the Enron entity that will be the counterparty in the temp . interconnect agreement . Is it Enron Clean Fuels Company ? Gerald
John , I would be happy to review you . No problem .
I will prepare the documents . Attached is the contract form that Crestone forwarded for their payment . This would be a schedule to an existing Master Services Agreement in place between ENA and Crestone .
I tried to send this yesterday , but I received a message that it didn't go through .
Attached is a draft of the LOI we discussed . Please review and let me know if you have any questions .
Barry , Attached is the form for use with payment by check .
Rae , Could you print these for me and put into a binder . Thanks .
Julie , Please use the attached version . I made a slight change in the definition of Assets . Let me know if you have any questions . I am OK to forward this to Skipping Stone .
Ann , Any progress on this . We are anxious to finalize .
Mark , Attached is the latest version of the CMS Letter Agreement with Jerry Shrader's changes . Please review . I am OK with these . Let me know and I can prepare the executables .
Mark , I am fine with this form .
FYI
Sara , I had to leave S.A . early Friday and was unable to pickup a CLE form . Can you send me one so I can get credit for the Thursday sessions . Thanks .
Greg , Attached is a redlined version of the interconnect agreement with their comments incorporated . I did make some revision to their comments , please review and if OK forward to Brazos Valley or their reps . Do we have any concerns from a credit standing concerning this LP . I don't know the magnitude of cost on the HPL Facilities , but we need to make sure we don't get stuck with their cost . Might want to ask for cash up front with a make whole once the facilities are completed . I haven't made any changes to reflects . Thoughts ?
Greg , I thought that was for the Rio Nogales project . The Brazos Valley interconnect has no specific provisions for assignment to Pinnacle .
Please use the following information to prepare the Confirm for Citation .
Kim , Can you send me the original response . The attached letter only contains the revisions to that letter .
Attached is a draft of the response to Bridgeline issue memo concerning various issues in the Contribution Agreement . Please review and provide any comments you may have . Thanks .
Jeff , FYI , Attached is the original RFP response which was modified by the letter I forwarded earlier .
Yes , That would be helpful . Let me know what time you want to meet .
Rae , Can you print this for my initial on Enron logo only letterhead . I need two originals . Thanks .
Mary , Can you please draft a CA for the J.M . Huber information provided below . Please use the attached as the form . Thanks .
I am interested in the program for remote control of my thermostat via the internet . Please provide me with further information . Thanks .
Kim , Attached is a draft of the LOU for Palo Alto . Please review . I am still reviewing and may have a few more changes . Since time is short please review this draft and we can make final changes in the morning and send out . I will attempt to have a draft of the MSA by Thursday .
Attached for your review are the following: 1 . Enfolio Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement 2 . Transaction Agreement ( Package 1 ) to Master Firm 3 . Transaction Agreement ( Package 2 ) to Master Firm 4 . Enfolio Master Spot Purchase/Sale Agreement 4 . Enfolio Spot Confirmation - Master Spot Purchase/Sale Agreement Governs Please review and call with any questions .
Yes .
Greg , Attached is the form of guaranty to use for the Brazos Valley Project . Let me know if you have any questions .
Kim , I made a few tweaks to the letter . Nothing substantial . I still have a few questions noted and some dates that need to be filled in . Please review .
Majed , Wanted to make sure you are still scheduled to start on May 21 . Let me know if anything has changed . Thanks .
We have two Summer Clerks coming in this summer which we have hired through the Houston Bar Association Minority Recruitment Program . Majed Nachawati will be starting Monday May 21st . He will be here 6 weeks and Alisha Mahibar will start on July 2 and be here the final 6 weeks . Enron Corp . also has hired two law summer clerks from UT .  These clerks will be doing 4 week rotations throughout Enron and we will have them each for a four week period . Dates are still being finalized . Samantha Ferguson , an HBA law clerk from last summer , will again support the Global Market group this summer . I would like to have a point person from each of your groups with the charge of getting these clerks involved in the project flow for each group . My plan is to have these clerks work with two groups during their time here with the groups rotating during the summer . Please , consider who in your groups would be best suited for this role and provide feedback as soon as possible . I will take this role for the East Origination-Gas Trading group . Thanks for all your help .
Attached are my revisions to the Lost Creek Gathering Agreement for the Devon deal . Please review and let me know if you have any issues .
Kim , I will forward two hard copy executables to you . Let me know if you have any questions .
Give Molly a call and check with her . She may want you to report to her first . Otherwise we'll see you on the 21st .
He's all grows up cause he's all grows up!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
Yes
Here it is .
Forgot to forward earlier .
Attached are the latest per our discussion .
Yes Rae Meadows/ENRON@enronXgate 05/15/2001 04:53 PM To: Gerald Nemec/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Subject: Time Period Gerald , I need to know if you worked every day during the last pay period and if you worked 8 hours each day . Thanks . Rae
Forgot to forward earlier .
Attached are the latest per our discussion .
- Girls Are Evil.jpg
Watch It Wizzlefritz! !
Please review .
Dave , Per Barry's request , attached is our firm GTC and confirm for gas purchase/sale . The GTC is typically only for deal which are 6 months or less . Credit also need to review the counterparty . Depending on the circumstances , a Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement may need to be put into place . Let me know if you would like a copy of the master .
Please review .
Chris , Attached is the form of Professional Services Agreement to be used for Power Engineers . I am assuming Power Engineers has no existing agreement with any other Enron entity . We should ask them if this is the case . The rate sheet they provided would be attached as Exhibit B . Please review . I am ok to forward this to Power Engineers for their review .
Amelia , Can you check on contract # 96021047 to see if this is any current transport activity on this contract . This contract was never executed . Reliant HL&P informed me that this contract is no longer being used and they would prefer to terminate or void this contract .
Attached are the revised Devon confirms based on our discussions with Shonnie . Please review . I am also attaching the masters again to be complete .
Watch It Wizzlefritz! ! "David E Deutsch" 05/16/2001 01:04 PM To: Gerald.Nemec@enron.com cc: Subject: Re: FW: This is SO awesome Not bad Jackass !
Please review .
Here is the revised letter .
Mark , Attached are the committed reserves GTC along with a confirm for each of WIC's Contract #1 and Contract #2 . Please review .
Please review the attached I added some language at the end of the intrastate warranty . To the extent this warranty gets changed , we will have to change the warranty in the gathering agreement .
Any time after 1 pm works for me .
Mary , Please prepare a draft bi-latieral CA with the following entity: RealEnergy , Inc . 1900 Avenue of the Stars , Suite 755 Los Angeles , California 90067 The topic of the CA should be information concerning a potential sale of natural gas and/or provision of transportation capacity for RealEnergy's distributive generation requirements in southern California . You can use the Huber CA we just did for the form . Please check conflicts with Kay Young as well . Thanks .
Attached is a draft of the temporary interconnect agreement . Please review and let me know if you have any questions .
How about a few for Martha!! ! 1 . Warning: The consumption of alcohol may cause Baby to think there is an elaborate conspiracy occurring at the bars in Mexico to send everyone home and rain on Baby' fun . 2 . Warning: The lack of a functional hair dryer may cause Baby's world to come crashing down , and spur demands that we fly home from Europe stat! !
Here is the revised letter .
Mr . Drexelius , Per Barry Tycholiz request , attached is the letter agreement for assignment and payment for the Kern River Capacity . Please execute immediately and fax to my attention at ( 713 ) 646-3490 . Upon receipt I will forward to Barry for decision to execute or not by 1:00 pm . Thank You for your prompt attention to this matter .
Sounds like the trip was AMAAAAZING!!! . Laura should seriously consider writing for Conde Naste . I think the best quote was "The next morning Ryan and I were so confused about what had taken place the night before."
Any time after 1 pm works for me . Rae Meadows/ENRON@enronXgate 05/17/2001 02:07 PM To: Gerald Nemec/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Subject: Meeting with Chris Sherman Chris Sherman wants to set up a meeting with you next Tuesday afternoon . What times are you available and is that a good time for you ? Thanks .
Debra , Attached is the form we should use . Review and let's discuss .
I need to terminate my membership to the Body Shop . What do I need to do to effect this ?
Debra , Attached is the form we should use . Review and let's discuss .
Thanks .
Negotiation are moving forward . I am not sure about the organized sightseeing trips . Will discuss with Eric .
Per your request , please see the attached .
Attached are a draft of the MSA and a Transaction Agreement under the existing Enfolio Master in place between ENA and the City of Palo Alto . Please review . There are a few questions and blanks to be completed after your review .
Per your request , please see the attached .
Revised per your request . I did remove the conditions precedent . All outs in the Cinergy Trading Firm Contract have expired . I understand that Kern has a final certificate from FERC . Is this the case ? We do need to have the executed assignment docs , before we sign this paper .
Attached are the revised docs . based on our discussion . Please let me know prior to forwarding to Palo Alto .
Per Barry's request .
Heather , Attached are the clean and redlined drafts of the revised Coal and Ash Agreements per your notes and phone mail . Please review . By copy of this email I am asking David to review the insurance section in both agreements for adequacy . David - The attached are the forms of Coal Hauling and Ash Handling agreement that we would use to contract with Reuse Technology for both the Lumberton Power LLC and Elizabethtown Power LLC . Please provide comments .
Per Barry's request .
Rusty , Attached is the amendment to the Dow Brine Agreement which extend the period from 160 to 190 days . I used an amendment form instead of a letter form for the sake of clarity . Sorry for the delay .
Julie , Attached is a clean and redlined revised LOI per our discussions . Please review .
Username: gnemec Pass: jbkg01grn
Attached are clean and redlined versions of the documents .
Username: gnemec Pass: jbkg01grn
Love Interest - Caught in the middle - You think you are the only one who been hurt badly
Barry , Attached are redlines of the docs with the changes we discussed today . Please pay special note to the Maximum Daily Deliverability Quantity of the Confirm . I want to discuss how this limits us and what flexibility this section needs . Please review and lets discuss .
Let me address your topics one by one: 1 . That is fine , except that no guaranties regarding the condition of your entertainment center can be made for the duration of your stay . What day are you planning on moving ? 2 . I have only received one piece of mail within the last week , so I think it is mostly working . 4 . No calls 5 . Sounds good . Sorry we haven't had a chance to catch up , we both have been running somewhere when we ran into each other at the house . Sat . nite I think the Gillaspie's wanted to go to Sambuca's downtown . Thought I might join them . Might want to check with Eric to see what's up . Peace , G$
Wanted to make sure you had the latest docs . I discussed with Barry and the MDDQ section was not changed since this version .
The importance of all long term plans to build a comfortable life faded away into cloud of apathy and listfulness . No cares anymore . Just extract as much as possible from each experience never knowing where it might take you . Wow . Such thought before used to scare the hell out of you . But isn't it ironic to finally find out no matter how much you try to control each aspect of your existence , it could end up somewhere completely unforeseeable anyway . You have no control . No control . So why try to control it . Why not open yourself up to all those unknowns , those risks , those potential great failures .
You didn't hit your face on the pavement at any point in the evening did you ? In case you didn't know , Barbara and I are going to China with Eric . I will be leaving June 4 and returning June 16 . Any chance I could get you to drop buy every couple of days and pick up my newspaper and mail and put them inside ? Would appreciate it . I pay her $50 per visit and she comes every two weeks . Not a bad deal .
Ken , Attached is the Northwest Pipeline FA with my comments incorporated . I have attached both a clean and a redlined version . Please note that I added a cap to the total facilities costs . This is a recommendation . To the extent we have no cap however , Crescendo is at risk for all costs they incur . Cost overruns could be significant . Please review and let me know if you have any questions .
Barry , I added a some language to th disclaimer .
Barry , For your review .
Barry , I added a some language to th disclaimer .
Barry , For your review .
Debra , Please work these terms into a GTC for the Mexico deal . ASAP
FYI
Please see the attached memo .
Phone number is ( 713 ) 853-3512 .
Debra , Please work these terms into a GTC for the Mexico deal . ASAP
Attached is the revised Agency Agreement per our discussion and your notes . A clean and redlined version are provided . Please review .
FYI
Please see the attached memo .
Per Barry's request , attached is the Agency and Management Services Agreement to be executed between Enron North America Corp . and Mexicana De Cobre . Also attached is the form of agency agreement to be attached as Exhibit B to the Agency and Management Services Agreement . This agency agreement is El Paso's form and must be executed by ENA , Mexicana , and El Paso . The El Paso form requires that you open as a read only file . Please review . We are working on the gas purchase agreement and should forward shortly . We received the power of attorney and bylaws you emailed . I had a Spanish speaking attorney in our office assist me with their review . The bylaws look fine . We would like you to follow up with a certified copy in the mail . For now can you confirm via a response to this email , that these are the latest bylaws on file ? He noted that under the Power of Attorney , it would be required that two of the gentlemen listed on page 2 of the power of attorney documentation , execute our agreements . Can you confirm ? Would be happy to discuss this with you . Thank you for your cooperation . Gerald Nemec Attorney ENA Legal
Phone number is ( 713 ) 853-3512 . arlanz@mexis.com ( Armando Lanz ) 05/30/2001 02:28 PM To: cc: Subject: RE: Agency Agreement The By-Laws are the ones we sent by fax to Barry L . ?  And yes , these are the latest that the company has . The other question that you have about having 2 people executing the agreements . Yes it is necessary that 2 of those will need to sign . One of them will be Genaro Larrea Mota Velazco and I believe that the other one will be Daniel Tellechea Salido ( this I will have to confirm ) Which is your phone number ?  I may be calling you between the next couple of hours . Armando Lanz Oliver Naucalpan , Edo de Mex CP 53390
Attached for your review are a draft of the gas Confirmation and associated GTC . Also attached is a clean and redlined version of the Agency and Management Agreement . A few minor tweaks were made . We also added some information requirements concerning your gas supply deals . Please review . Thanks for your help .
Becky , I attended the Thursday session . Please send me the paperwork I need to get the CLE credits . Thanks .
Brian , Attached is our response to Bridgeline's issue list ( revised based on our meeting ) with a short cover letter . I addressed the cover letter from you to Robert Morgan . If that is not correct let me know . I am sending a hard copy of these docs for your signature . Let me know if you have any questions .
Rae , Please print the cover letter on ENA letterhead and attached a hardcopy of the response . I need to fill in Bridgeline's complete address on the cover letter . Please check with Keagan to see if she has the address .
Resending per your voicemail .
Sounds good . Let me know if you need anything else .
Ken , I made the revisions left in your phone mail . Let me know if you want me to prepare executables . Thanks .
Resending per your voicemail .
Unfortunately I will be out of the country during that time . Please tell Barry thanks for the offer !
Sounds good . Let me know if you need anything else . Brian Redmond/ENRON@enronXgate 05/31/2001 08:22 AM To: Gerald Nemec/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Subject: RE: Bridgeline Response Gerald , I have revised the letter slightly to address it to Randy Curry and will send it out from here . Thanks for the effort . Brian
Louis , Please approve a parking subsidy for Nabil Nachawati , a summer law clerk , in the legal dept . My RC# is 105659 , and the CO# is 0413 . Let me know if you need any further information . Gerald Nemec
Attached is the executable Agency and Management Agreement Document . Please print out and execute and fax back to Barry for ENA's execution . We will fax back a fully executed copy . Please note that as we discussed , two of the gentlemen listed in Mexicana de Cobre's power of attorney must execute . Will will follow up with hardcopy orginals for execution with all the exhibits in the mail or delivered by Barry . Thank You .
Forgot to mention earlier . Please fill in the notice information on the executable copy of the Agency Agreement . Thanks
We have accepted your suggested revision to Article 13 of the Agency and Management Agreement . Attached is a new executable with the language revised . Also attached for execution are the gas purchase confirm and associated GTC for the gas purchase through Monday June 4 . The GTC was revised to remove the $0.15 per MMBtu liquidated damages . Thanks .
Greg , Attached is the executable for Brazos Valley Energy , L.P . Thanks , and Good Luck with AEP . If you need any follow up on this please feel free to call me . Gerald
Kim , Attached are the revised documents for Palo Alto . The documents are revised to reflect the deal term comments that the City forwarded . I changed the name of the document to Natural Gas Services Agreement to address their concerns about a non commodity agreement . I have also added language requiring a City Council resolution to for this document . Instead of a legal opinion , we would require the City Attorney to approve both the Natural Gas Services and Transaction Agreements . In included a redline of the services agreement from the prior version . The Transaction Agreement would not redline on MS word for some reason . I will request my assistant to redline it for you on Monday using comparewrite . If you need help prior to my return , please coordinate with Jeff Hodge . Please forward these documents to the City if you are okay with them . Thanks .
Rae , Please redline the No4 against the original No3 on compare write and forward via email to Kim Ward . MS word would not redline correctly .
Shonnie , Attached are my comments per our discussion .
Attached are the final documents which includes 1 . Agency and Management Agreement - Clean and Redlined copy which shows the changes per my discussion with Jay Goleb at Baker & Botts 2 . Gas Confirm for June 1 thru June 4 , 2001 3 . Gas Confirm for June 5 thru June 30 , 2001 4 . Gas Conform for July 1 thru October 31 , 2001 5 . GTC which applies to all three confirms 6 . Agency Notice Letter - Mexicana to send to its Permian suppliers for notice of Enron's agency . Please print out and execute documents 1 thru 5 and fax to Barry Tycholiz . We will follow up with duplicate originals for execution . Thanks for all your cooperation .
Shonnie , Attached are my comments per our discussion .
Mark , Attached are rough drafts of the following documents for the noted projects: Bay Gas Storage 1 . Draft CSA 2 . Draft Lease Agreement 3 . Draft O&M Agreement Oakhill 1 . Draft CSA 2 . Draft O&M Agreement for Hanover to provide maintenance . Please note that these are really rough based on the limited information available at this time . I did not provide a lease agreement for Oakhill as you indicated Hanover would finance/lease the Electric Motor Drivers to ECS . If Hanover is providing a straight lease , the lease for Bay Gas could be used . If Hanover is providing a purchase option , the lease agreement would need to be modified for the purchase option . My suggestion is to provide these forms to the customer with the caveat that as the commercial terms are fine tuned , these drafts will be modified . But this gives them the basic idea . In my absence please contact Barbara for coordination of legal support in the event you cannot wait until I return . Thanks .
Mark , I forgot to mention in my earlier note , that for the parking/storage arrangement with Bay Gas , I would request their form of storage agreement . I makes more sense to have a separate agreement cover the parking arrange as this is really independent of the compression services . These storage company typically have their own agreement that not bad and usually won't use the counterparties paper .
Attached is the executable form of the letter agreement . I have accepted all of Jerry's changes . Please print out two executables of the letter and execute and forward to Mark Whitt for execution by ENA . If you have any questions please contact me at ( 713 ) 853-3512 .
Stephanie , I made a few changes . Please review .
Hey Guys ! I just got back from traveling two weeks in China , so I am now able to answer my emails . A friend of mine here at Enron has a brother that lives in China and he got married to a Chinese national . So I decided to join them for the wedding and sightseeing . The sights were pretty amazing . Great Wall , Forbidden City , Tianamen Square , etc . Definitely culture shock though . I know what it feels like to be a rock star now . I was pretty much stared at wherever I went . I am sure they think I look like a big nosed western devil freak . The food wasn't as bad as I thought , although I did get the trots the last two days in country . I knew I shouldn't have eaten the mutton . Fortunately I missed the flood of the century , Ernie ! I heard about it the first week in China . Wasn't much I could do from China , so I just kept my fingers crossed and fortunately the house was safe and sound when I got back . Some jackass drove up on my front yard and left some tire tracks . There must have been high water in the street that he was trying to avoid . Doooh! ! Other than that everything is going fine . Doing the old dating thing ! Boy is that a ton of laughs . Women at this age are definitely interesting . I spend most of my time avoiding questions like , "Where is this relationship headed?" Uh excuse me , but we only met last week ! Congratulations , Paul on little Chloe . I checked out the pics on your website and the family looks great . Bieraugel you still look the same as the last time I saw you , but Whoa , is that a little gray hair I saw on you Paul ? Oh well , we all have chinks in our armor . Seriously though it is a beautiful family and I know it must be tough to be away from them . Are you going to be staying in the Navy for awhile ? 10 more years and you can retire eh ! Ernie , Sounds like things are going well at work . Congrats on the promo . We definitely need to do a better job of getting together here in Houston . You need to get the wife and we need to have dinner one night or something ! The Buick sounds prime . 240HP ought to take care of it . Sounds better than the shaka-mobile . What the hell ever happened to that car anyway ? I still love to tell stories about that car . You can't beat a K-mart lawn chair for comfortable automobile seating . Ernie , I think my focus is on the 5 series BMW . Unfortunately my stock portfolio has delayed my auto purchase for awhile . Let's pledge to all do better at keeping in touch . It is great to hear from you guys . We need to plan a little get together when you get back from sea . It has been to damn long . Take care and be safe , Bruddas . Gerald
Re-sending . Didn't go through the first time .
Resending , Didn't go through the first time .
Hi Pat , Fortunately I was out of the country when all the flooding occurred and my house sustained no damage . Just spent two weeks in China and the sights were pretty amazing . How are things in Austin ?
Hey Ernie , Have you been able to send email to Bieraugel ? I replied to the email address he sent , but I keep receiving undeliverable messages .
Darren , I will be meeting with Sandi in the morning to get a download . I will get with you after that to assess where we need to go . Thanks .
Nelson , Attached is the Confirm and GTC for the deal with Devon . Please review and if acceptable you can forward to Devon for review .
Kay , Please see the attached .
We flew into Shanghai and explored for 2 days . Next we went to Qingdao for 3 days and finally spent 5 days in Beijing . I would have to say that Beijing was the highlight of the trip . The Great Wall was pretty incredible . Should have some pics shortly . Work is going well ! Way to busy for my taste . That's what I get for being out of the office for two weeks . I got a voice mail from Mark while I was in China . He was at the airport here in Houston looking for a ride . Typical Mark . Any plans on coming to Houston anytime ? Gerald
I have seen no progress . I will call my contact again to inquire . Any prodding you could provide through the credit dept . would be welcome .
I need a couple of CA for the following information . The need to be bilateral agreements . Please use the bi-lateral form , that you and I have used before . The Enron entity is Enron Compression Services Company . Ned will be sending a more detailed scope shortly and I will forward . Please come to me with any questions .
John , Per our discussion , attached is a draft form of gathering agreement . This form is a firm committed reserves gathering agreement . If the gathering deal is an interruptible type structure , this form would not work . For use by Crescendo , this form will also need to be scrubbed for Utah and Colorado law issues . However , this is a starting point . Let me know if you have any questions .
Mary , Attached is further detail for the project descriptions for the two CAs I requested . Please revise the CA to read "information in connection with sharing data relative to a potential electric compression project located approximately 3 miles west of Carthage , Texas in Panola , County" . Follow that form with the Duke CA as well . Please prepare two executables of each . Thanks for all your help .
Mary , The CA form had ENA in the text . Please make sure it is Enron Compression Services Company .
Janel , How is it going ? I booked this flight for myself . Talked to Bruce and he is trying to set up a beach house or in the alternative , rooms for us at the Sea Trail hotel . Let me know if you want me to book a rental car for us to share .
Paul , Attached are redlines of the confirms that were revised with the changes we discussed .
Mary , Chris is the guy who called me asking the questions . I have a call into Sandi to see if she knows anything about this . If not , I don't know who would know .
Brucie , You weren't supposed to tell anybody about that! ! Maureen , I am planning on setting up a rental car for Janel and myself and we can cut you in on that action . Our flight leaves Myrtle Beach at 11:40 on Sunday so if you are leaving out of Myrtle Beach that might work for you also . Gerald
FYI , Attached is the form of lease agreement that Hanover has forwarded for our lease of the compression equipment from Hanover on the Oakhill deal . This is actually GE Capital's form of lease agreement , but would be executed between Hanover and Enron Compression Services Company . Please review and provide any comments you may have .
More info on use of GE's form for our lease with Hanover in the Oakhill deal .
The contacts we discussed .
Let's discuss this at our 3:15 meeting today .
Attached is a redlined Natural Gas Services Agreement with the revisions we discussed . Also attached is the Transaction Agreement . The term has been revised to reflect a Dec . 31 , 2002 ending date . Please review and if acceptable , we can prepare executables . Call with any questions .
Sorry , The number is 202-342-0800 .
Dave , Made a few slight tweaks .
Rudwell , Attached is a redline of Oneok's form of guaranty with my comments incorporated . Please forward to Oneok for their review . I will prepare the executable form of Bridgeline Holdings , LP guaranty for Oneok per your email yesterday . Let me know if you have any questions .
Rudwell , Attached is the executable Bridgeline Holdings guaranty for ONEOK , please forward for execution by Bridgeline . Let me know if you have any questions .
Attached is the confidentiality agreement I have faxed to Energy Solutions .
Attached is a redline of the letter with my changes . I will forward executables with my initials .
Attached is the CA we discussed . I will foward hardcopy executables . Are you going to obtain execution of this document ?
Kay , Please see attached .
Mark , What is up , my boy ! Hope things are going well in the Heartland . Any interesting stories you care to tell ? There was a message on my home voicemail from Diane Leg at DML Technical Search . Her number is ( 713 ) 662-3577 . Thought you might want the info . Any luck on the job search ?
Attached are my comments to the Guaranty form for Torch Energy Advisors Incorporated you forwarded for Bridgeline Gas Marketing , LLC . Please review . You can contact me at ( 713 ) 853-3512 with any questions . Thanks .
This form of guaranty is acceptable . No changes required .
Rudwell , Can you respond to Roeline with the amount required in the guaranty ? Thanks .
Mr . Cook , How is life at AEP ? The big E is still the same . Minus about 4 attorneys who decided to join you .
Attached are the schedules with my revisions redlined .
Here are the documents we reviewed this morning .
Thanks for the email . We are expecting you on Monday the 2nd . Everything should be set up . I believe you have to see HR the morning you start to get your ID badge , but they should send you to us thereafter shortly . Give me a call if you need any help with anything . ( 713 ) 853-3512 .
Sorry about the delay . I had to figure out where the IT guy's had moved all this stuff when Shawna departed . Let me know if you have questions .
If you can fit it in . I am pretty covered with ENA Upstream right now .
Tried to send this earlier . Will try again .
Judy , Attached is the draft confirm for EEX . Can you fill in all the notice information for EEX . Also as we discussed , we also need to insert the well/field/lease data . Note that there is no MDQ . From the printout , it looked as though all volumes in excess of 1700 MMBtu per day were priced as gas daily . If there is an MDQ , we will need to insert it . Thanks .
Attached are draft responses to WFEC requests for documents and request for interrogatories . Please review and provide any input as soon as possible . Thanks .
Please review and provide any input as soon as possible . Bill , I still have not talked with Jeff Stone .
Hey Dan , Good to hear from you . I am doing fine . Sounds like fun . I will try to make it . I might get caught up here at work though . I am leaving the country on Thursday for 4 days , so I am trying to tie up some loose ends here . All my stripper friends are not returning my calls for some reason ! Hmmph!! .
Bill made a few changes . All of which I am OK with . If these are OK with you , we will forward these to WFEC .
Kay , Please see attached .
Bill , The answers as modified by you are fine . Please forward those to Mr . Haswell at your earliest convenience . I have still not received any response from Jeff Stone .
Attached are draft agreements for both entities .
Stephanie , Attached is a redline with my comments .
That is fine . Go ahead and set it up .
Attached for your further handling is the confirm and GTC for the EEX E&P Company purchase by ENA Upstream . Note that we need to have them sign the confirm , so we will need two executed originals . Let me know if you have any questions .
Mary , Can you please prepare the form of CA we have used before for Enron Compression Services Company based on the information provide by Chris below . Thanks .
Stephanie , Attached is the amendment for the Mexicana de Cobre confirm . Please review and if OK forward to Mexicana for execution .
I am fine with this . They can prepare executables .
Attached is the latest .
This will be a unilateral not bilateral as stated in the email .
Please fill out the Data Sheet and send to Kay Young Form of CA Data Sheet Form
Kay , Please see attached .
I am fine with this language .
Did she indicate why they had Enron Energy Services on the cover memo . Was that a mistake ?
Attached is a draft of the Confid . Agreement we discussed .
T , Attached is the Master Firm for Colorado Springs Utilities . You can forward this for their review . I still need to create the Transaction Agreement which would contain all the deal terms . I will forward that shortly .
Suzanne , Attached is a redlined version of the Professional Services Agreements with the revisions we discussed . This version is redlined against the orginal version I had earlier sent . Please review .
Mary , Can you prepare two executables of this doc . for my initials . Thanks .
Attached is a short draft of the content of the affidavit to be provided to WFEC . It is not in correct form at this point , but I wanted to circulate the content for discussion . Please review and provide any comments on the content ASAP . Note: I still have to get FGT's approval of anything provided .
Can you please send it to Jeff Hodge , since he initialed the orginal agreement . Thanks .
Hey Dude , How is it going ? Was thinking about maybe making a road trip next weekend the big A . What do you have going on ? Might just be myself though . Barbara and I had a parting of the ways . Relationships seems to give me the panics after a couple of months . Right now I am working on recharging the girlfriend pipeline .
Mary , Kinder made some changes to our form which are attached below . I am OK with their changes . Please prepare two executables for signature .
Judy , Attached is the Samedan Confirm and a GTC . Please note that the contact information for the Customer still needs to be filled in . Let me know if you have any questions .
Attached is the letter with our comments . Please review . We are OK to send this out today .
Rudwell , Attached are my comments to ONEOK's form of guaranty .
Judy , Attached is the Pioneer Confirm . Please insert all the relevant contact information . Also please carefully review the confirm to make sure that I interpreted your email info . correctly . I left a blank for the Field information . I would ask the counterparty to fill in and return a copy to ENA Upstream .
Attached is a revised form of affidavit . Please review and provide any comments asap .
Staci , Attached is a draft of an affidavit the ECS is proposing to supply West Florida Electric Coop regarding an informal requests for documents that ECS received from WFEC . Please review and lets discuss asap .
Susanne , What is the status of the professional services agreement ?
Staci , Attached is the final form of affidavit . We plan on emailing this version to WFEC's lawyer for review prior to execution . Given the confidentiality provision in our CSA , could you please respond via email with FGT's approval of this disclosure . Thanks .
Per my voicemail , attached is the master spot contract . Please let me know if you have any questions .
Susanne , Attached is a redlined agreement with the revision to Section 8.3 we discussed . If acceptable , I will prepare two executables for routing . Thanks for your help .
Attached is the revised CA per my discussion with their attorney . Please review and forward to Anadarko .
Two things; 1 . The modification excludes all oral information . So any confidential information that you guys orally give them is not protected . 2 . It might be a headache for you guys to remember to mark everything as confidential . If you forget , it is not protected . I think the changes should come out .
Mary , Can you prepare two separate CAs between Rusk County Electric Cooperative , Inc . and Enron Compression Services Company . You can use the bilateral form we normally use . Rusk's information is Rusk County Electric Cooperative , Inc . Henderson , Texas 75653-1169 The scope for the two CAs is as follows: 1 . "discussions concerning a potential electric compression project at OGS Pipeline , L.L.C.'s Hinkle Compressor Station" 2 . "discussions concerning a potential electric compression project at Anadarko Energy Services Company's Carthage Facility" Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks for your help !
Paul , Attached is the letter agreement we discussed which revises the Devon purchase docs to match the Gathering Agreement with Lost Creek . Please review and let me know if you are OK . If so , I can prepare the executables and Fedex to Devon .
Attached is the revised Ormat CA per your email . Also , I don't have any notes on the Energy Transfer CA . Sorry about that .
The drafts per our discussion .
Yes , This looks to be a separate deal and mine was only a spot deal .
Based on our discussions yesterday , attached are the BHP Confirm and GTC . Please review and let me know if you have any questions . We still need to input the Delivery Point information .
Bill , The contract itself does not have a confidentiality clause , but per Jeff Stone's email , Gulf does consider the contract proprietary information and does not want this info voluntarily disclosed at this time . I forwarded the email to you earlier . Concerning the emails etc. , as I mentioned before , ECS has a copy of a Confidentiality Agreement that we executed by Gulf , initialed by me as ECS attorney , but not signed by an officer of ECS . Our business guys think we executed this agreement . This CA would cover all information exchanged between Gulf and ECS . I have asked Russell Badder's to check with Gulf to obtain an executed copy . Nothing in the CA agreements prohibit me from disclosing the CA . So we could potentially provide the copy of the CA we have to John . Obviously the correspondence between ECS and Gulf contains the commerical terms of our power deal as we negotiated with Gulf . Given Jeff's email and the CA copy I have in hand , I would not want to disclose the emails and memo's without Gulf's explicit permission . Let me know if you have any ideas on the best way to approach this with WFLA .
Chris , I am fine with his revision if you are OK with the terms .
Stacy , Susan called and asked that I prepare an assignment letter . I will do so . Could you send me a copy of the contract we are assigning and a copy of the assignment in interest letter . Thanks .
Ellen , Let's talk about this before you send out .
Sandi , The following are the contracts that were inadvertantly assigned to AEP in the sale as we discussed . Centana Intrastate Pipeline Co . #96019236 Gas Transmission TECO , Inc . #96041723 Gas Transmission TECO , Inc . #96041724 Let me know your thoughts on the best way to proceed to return these deals to ENA . Thanks . Miss me ? Gerald
I already made that mistake once .
Larry , The letter looks fine to me .
Raimund , Attached is a form of amendment for both the Athens and Hartwell Precedent Agreement . The amendment modifies the termination date as we discussed . Two pieces of info that I left blank are the new date to be inserted and the date of execution of the original precedent agreements . I do not have a copy of the dated executed PAs . I do have a copy of the guaranties . I will forward a copy to you . Let me know if you have any questions .
Mary , Can you please prepare executables of the attached document . There are some redlined changes , all of which I am OK with . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks .
The product description was to be used for various pipelines ( e.g . NGPL , Transco , etc.) . Yes , in this product ENA would always be the seller or the buyer of the capacity to be released . I visited with Steve earlier , and the concept that Julie Gomez had discussed earlier was allowing third party pipelines or third parties to use EOL to buy and sell capacity from or to other third parties . As far as I know , these were just discussions and the only EOL product implemented was the one I forwarded to you .
This deal was done some time ago . I assume that all ENA Upstream deal makers going forward know they should be going through you .
Wasn't sure if you were copied on all this .
Please see attached . Thanks .
Attached is the CA for the project we discussed with NNG . Let me know when you want executable agreements .
I don't want to know what Paul did in a hot tub with Lars . I know he is easy , but jeez .
Might be too late , but attached are the letters with my revisions . Let me know if you still need me to initial .
I am fine with this term sheet .
Attached is a draft of the McCook agreement . I am still cleaning up the Management Services Agreement ( for scheduling etc. ) to be attached as Exhibit B . Please review
Mark , Could you please review the attached . The documents are for access to a commodities and derivative products online exchange . ENA Upstream Company , LLC is the Enron entity needing access . The last directive I received it that all these types of documents for trading platforms needed to be reviewed by you . Let me know if I am mistaken . Thanks .
Revised per your voicemail .
Judy , Attached is the form of Master Firm Agreement for ENA and ENA Upstream . Could you please fill in the Notice Info for ENA Upstream . Thought it would probably be the same as ENA , but didn't want to assume that . Once you return to me , I will prepare two executables for signature . Thanks .
I am fowarding the originals to you . Please obtain execution for ENA Upstream and ENA and return them both to me . Thanks .
Thanks for the quick turnaround on that . Any word on when we can expect this to be set for hearing ?
Attached is the revised draft based on Stephanie's comments . Please review .
See my attached comments .
Mary , Please forward me , via email , the two Rusk County Electric Cooperative Agreements you previously prepared for me . Thanks .
Stephanie , Attached is the revised agreement with my changes .
Attached are the revised CA's for the compression projects with Rusk County . I have added Northeast Texas as a party to both agreements . Please review and let me know if you have any questions .
Revised per our discussion . Please forward to Citizens .
With my revisions:
The term sheet looks fine .
I am sure I didn't do as good a job as Michael Keeton did !
Sorry to hear about Aunt Lillie . Good to hear everything is ok with you guys . Everything is going well here . Just the usual with work and weekend activities . Been spending a little more time with Paul , since he is not going to Tulsa every week . Take care and a I love you both .
Hey E , Good to hear from you again . Not much new around here . Working and partying . Still trying to restock the girlfriend pipeline . George's email is gtownsend@manorisd.net . I haven't played any golf recently , but do like to play . I am pretty horrible , but it is fun nonetheless . I would definetly be up for a round some time . Let me know . Have you been able to email Bieraugel at the last address he sent ? I have tried , but my emails keep getting bounced back to me .
Attached is a clean and redlined version of the referenced agreement . I will forward Exhibit A to the agreement shortly . Please review and let me know if you have any questions .
Count me in .
Please see attached .
Attached is the agreement revised per your notes .
Keith , Attached are our comments and revisions . Please review and let me know if you see any problems . We would like to send this to the counterparty tommorrow , so please respond asap . Thanks .
Nathan , Can you describe where Encore compression is located ?
Haven't heard anything on this deal .
Mary , Can you prepare a CA based on the following information . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks .
Brian , See the attached memo based on my review of the hurricane docs . Nothing really different than what Bridgeline indicated in the meeting on Monday . Let's discuss at your convenience .
Attached is the amendment form for the El Paso Guaranty . Please forward to El Paso for their review . Let me know if you have any questions .
Thanks for the info Mike . I will give her a call . I had a blast on Friday . We'll have to do a happy hour again soon . Maybe we can get the AEP girls to show up .
Attached is a clean and redlined version of the revised doc per our discussion .
The latest .
Hey Sam , Actually it comes out every weekend as much as I try to control it . I had a great time . We will have to do that again sometime !
Hi Jennifer , I don't know if you remember , but we met at Gallant Knight on Friday night . I was with Mike Robison and the Enron group . I had never been there before , but that place is alot of fun . Definition of "Swanky" . You are probably wondering , "Why is this guy emailing me!" We'll , I will be straightforward and say that I found you very charming . I wanted to see if you would be interested in meeting me for lunch or a drink afterwork ! I apologize in advance if you are dating or involved with someone , but I thought I would take that chance . P.S . Mike gave me your email address , but don't hold it against him . ;- ) Gerald
Keith , Attached is the form PSA for the sale of the Napoleonville Lot and Warehouse we discussed . LRCI , Inc . not Houston Pipe Line Company will be the selling Enron entity . You should be receiving the appraisal that was prepared for the land today via Fedex . Let me know if you have any questions . ( 713 ) 853-3512 .
Brent , Please see the revised guaranty .
Do you have an address for these guys ?
Attached is the template for the FM letter . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks .
Attached is the draft letter . Please review and let's discuss .
Jean , For your review . Specifically , the scope in the lead in paragraph .
Attached is the form of pooling point purchase GTC for ENA Upstream . This form still needs further refinements , but for August business I am comfortable to use . However , John please specifically review the nomination variance language in the confirm . Upon your approval , Ellen can move forward with August use . Let me know if you have any questions .
Judy , I will be working on that form next . Should be ready tommorrow or Monday . For the Linder dealer we can use the firm GTC with a modified DCQ . I forwarded the language for the DCQ to Ellen .
John , I have revised the variance language based on our discussion . Please review .
Janette , I plan on attending the CLE on August 22 at the Doubletree . Thanks .
I am fine with the changes . I revised the term from 1 year to 2 years . Attached is a clean and redlined version of the CA . I am OK to forward to Marathon .
Looks good .
Yes
Judy , Let me visit with Jeff on the 6 month threshold for the Committed Reserves . Otherwise I am OK with this Matrix .
Kay , Please see the attached . I also forwarded a Data sheet earlier on Marathon Oil . Have you had a chance to review yet ?
Attached is a draft CA . Let me know if you have any questions .
Sorry to bug you , but I have one more .
We might want to forward this email version for their review first . I would think that their attorney's might have a few comments .
Joan , Attached is the agency agreement form . The form still refers to TBI Field Services . This should be revised to reflect the current owner of the system . Can you provide that info .
It is still on Chris Hilgert's desk . I will bug him to get it back to you . Sorry for the delay .
Paul , Attached is the revised letter Agreement for Greeley . Please review and if you are OK with it , please forward to Greeley . They had asked that we drop the contract number references in the first paragraph , but we need to have some way of identifying the contracts under which we are acting as agent , so l kept them in the document . Let me know if you have any questions .
That sounds good . Schedule it up with Majed .
Please use the attached GTC is place of the previously forwarded for all deals going forward .
Not anytime soon , but within the next couple of weeks .
Alan , With respect to the Transactions for Cheyenne and Public Service Company , Enron prefers to use the Firm General Terms and Conditions as the Base Agreement for these deals . These two transactions are 3 month firm deals . The GISB is not set up for firm transactions longer than 1 month in term . There is no termination payment provision in a GISB and Enron requires this language for any firm deal . Enron's general policy is not to use the GISB for any firm deal that is longer than 1 month . I would be happy to discuss this further at your convenience . I can be reached at ( 713 ) 853-3512 .
The only change is in Section 2 . I refer to the requirement to schedule the Daily Contract Quantity instead the Nomination .
Yea , Things have changed quite a bit . Life as usual at Enron .
Randy , For your information , I am forwarding you a summary of my review of the Bridgeline documents concerning the Texaco Sorrento cavern issues This summary was prepared on behalf of Enron .
Keegan , I think the attached is a Word Perfect File . Can you try to convert this file to an MSWord file . Thanks .
I have a conflict and will not be able to attend . Let me know if there is any thing you need my help on .
Keith , The attached document was blank . Could you resend the document ?
That sounds good . We'll see you at 12 on Friday .
Paul , Attached is a redlined version of the agreement with the changes we discussed . Please review and forward to Greeley for their review .
Attached is the draft that was provided to WFEC's counsel . As I stated they have requested to depose ECS as well .
I think your on solid ground . I think the stock will stay down for a little while until they name those that will join Lay in the office of the chairman . We continue to beat earnings estimates , but things like broadband , Dahbol , and now Skilling put pressure on the stock . Not much new going on . Just hanging out . Working . Will be heading to Austin for the game on Sept 1 . Let's see if the horns can live up to all the hype . I have a pair of season tix for all the home games , so I will let you know when I have an extra for the game . See if you can't get a hall pass from your better half .
Keith , Attached is the revised PSA for the Napoleonville warehouse . I removed the mineral rights reservations and added in the sales price . Please review . The agreement needs to be forwarded for review by the Assumption Police Jury as follows: Attn: Kim Torres Assumption Parish Police Jury Let me know if you have any questions .
Attached is a draft of the mowing letter for Assumption Parish . Please review . The address needs to be added in Exhibit A . Let me know if you have any questions .
David Marshall ( risk management , insurance group ) will be the one to set the limits . I usually send a copy of the agreement and ask for his comments . I can handle once we get a draft of the agreement .
Attached is a clean and redlined version of the Boeing Contract with my revisions . Please review , specifically Section 4.2 and Article 7 . I want to make sure you are OK with those sections specifically . Sorry for the delay on this .
Jean , I have reviewed Marathon's revisions to the CA . I agree that these changes are minor and I am OK with all of them except one . With respect to the stricken sentence in Paragraph 7 , I would ask Marathon the reason for the strike . I think the sentence only reinforces the right to compete concept in the first sentence and further specify's the concept . I would be happy to discuss this further with Marathon . Thanks .
Shane , Can you send me the highlighted document that you forwarded for their review . I need to see the revision to understand their issue .
Please see attached . Thanks in advance .
Attached is a draft of the CA . Please review . I need the full legal name of Illinois Power .
There is a Treebeard's in the tunnel at 1100 Lousiana . There isn't too much towards Enron . I don't mind going towards your building . You have probably been to Bucco di Bacco ( sp? ) over by your building . Good Italian . There is also a Cafe Express down there . I am OK with any of those . Do you like Sushi ? There is a Miyako in the Bank One Center .
Let's discuss when you get a chance .
Sounds good . I'll see you there .
Dave , How about tommorrow at 2 pm central . Let me know .
Needs the facts filled in .
It was great talking with you at lunch . I have never known a real life tap dancer before . I feel honored . I am outta here tomorrow , so have a great weekend .
Made a few slight revisions .
No problem . Let it go .
The entity should be LRCI , Inc . You can change the entity in the letter and send it out . Let me know if you have any questions .
Jean , Based on Richard's reply , I am OK with the strike . I just wanted to make it clear that ENA does compete with Marathon is these areas , but ENA would certainly only use the Confidential Information for the purposes of the proposed Transactions . Do you want me to prepare executables ?
Mary , Can you check to see if Jempy can sign for LRCI , Inc . and let Rakhi Israni know ? In the alternative , please provide her a copy of the corporate data sheet which list the VPs who can execute documents for LRCI .
Chris , I need the project scopes as well . Can you give me brief descriptions ?
Keegan , Please print out two originals of the attached CA for execution on ENA letterhead . I will need to initial . Thanks
Few comments .
I don't know the status of the Crawfish documents . I will have to check . Steve Van Hooser was handling those documents . With respect to your previous question , the PSA for the Napoleonville warehouse went to the Assumption Parish last week .
Hey Jennifer , How is it going ? Did you survive your long run this weekend ? It has been pretty crazy here since I got back . I really need to start focusing more on the guitar so I can become rich and famous and not have to deal with all this . I am so tired .
The sections are 18 CFR Part 161 . Specifically Section 161.1 , 161.2 , and 161.3 .
Alan , Per our discussion , attached are drafts of Enron's Master Firm agreements . Sorry for the delay . Enron's preference would be to use these master instead of the GISB agreements for the firm deals . The Firm GTC were really meant as a stop gap until we could be these Masters in place . I did review the GISB we currently have in place with Northern States Power ( WI and MN) . These agreements do not have the necessary credit provisions and termination payment provisions required for firm deals that are included in our attached Master . These Masters should address the specific concerns included in your email . 1 . The Masters contains provisions to deal wth the possibility that a price will not published on any day in the same manner as the GISB does . 2 . The netting issue we need to address . The GISB don't have netting provisions , but we don't use GISB for any firm deals over 1 month in term . I am not sure I understand the regulatory issues with respect to netting . These Master contain netting provisions . Let's discuss once you have reviewed the Masters . 3 . Force Majeure provisions are similar to the GTC . Enron prefers a vary narrow definition of FM . We modify the GISB FM to reflect this with special provisions . If you could provide specific comments we can address your issues . 4 . Audit provisions are included in the Masters . 5 . Any affirmative action statutes and regulatory provisions can be address in this Master . If you could provide specific language we can address this issue . Putting these Master in place would really make business going forward much more efficient . Please review and let's discuss and your earliest convenience . I can be reached at ( 713 ) 853-3512 .
Attached is the revised Committed Reserves Confirm with the language we discussed . Please modify the confirm templates for the Sept . wellhead deals ( and those remaining from August ) to reflect the revision . Let me know if you have any questions .
Janette , To be more complete , the MS Word program Barbara and I were referring to on voicemail removes the Meta Data from the document .
Keegan , Can you print the attached doc . on Enron Logo Only letterhead . This version had redlines , so you will need to accept the changes before printing .
Attached is a draft for your review . Note that , Prior to giving any information received from Anadarko to CSI , we would need to get Anadarko's written permission .
Please review the attached .
They won't leave .
Shane , As we discussed , we can remove the strike of 3.2(b ) in the Tennessee TPAs . I put in a call to Mojave to discuss this issue with them . After my conversation with them we can decide how to proceed . All other TPAs should be sent out with our typical language .
You can save it in my Confidentiality Agreements folder .
I added Section 5 - Non-Compete .
Attached is the agreement with my revisions .
Sorry about the delay . I have just been covered up . Here it is .
Attached is a clean and redlined version of the Enfolio Master for the Ocean transaction . The redline reflects the changes from the original draft . Also attached is a clean version of the Transaction Agreement . Please review and if acceptable , please forward to Ocean for their review .
Jeff , Attached is the redline from your earlier revisions .
Jeff , Shane Lakho is currently preparing several TPA for Enron Energy Services and another EES entity . I know that portions of EES are rolling into wholesale . Should we be initialing for EES ? The agreements are Enron's standard TPA form so there shouldn't be any issues .
Russell , The data you requested last week concerning the motor is as follows: 1 . Full Load MVA rating: 11.4 for each unit 2 . Across the line starting MVA: 43.8 for each unit
Hey Walter , Thanks for stopping and leaving the note . I'm glad I got to know you at the happy hours . We will have to schedule another Gallant Knight evening sometime soon . Good luck to you as well . Take care .
I was in Austin for most of the weekend . A friend of mine was supposed to have a boat party on Lake Travis Friday night , but that was cancelled due to the rain . We just went out on 4th Street instead . Went to the game Sat . night . We won so that was good . How was the girls road trip ?
I am fine with the change . Mary , please prepare executables and make the change in the NUI document as well .
GT , I will have an extra ticket for the game this weekend . My friend who was going to go back out . It is yours if you want to use it . Let me know .
The contracts for the notice letters .
Sounds like I need to take gambling lessons from you . I consistently lose money when I gamble . Do you have Tristan's email address ? Wanted to see if we could hook up in Austin for some Longhorn celebration .
FYI
Rudwell , Attached is the guaranty with my comments redlined . Please review and forward . If you have any questions , please call me at x-33512 .
Attached is the Burlington guaranty with my comments . I was unable to redline the doc . Computer problems . I am forwarding the clean version . Hopefully Burlington can redline against the draft they sent .
Ned , I am fine with all of their changes . Attached is a clean version reflects their changes . Ask them to print out two copies and execute .
Frank , Attached for your review is a draft of the settlement agreement we discussed .
Attached is the letter . The address information and Unocal's full name need to be inserted and then print two copies on ENA letterhead for execution .
I have reviewed the term sheet and I am fine with the form . I did spot a potential issue with the Transport piece of the proposal . If ENA holds transport on NNG , it cannot simply sell use of that capacity to Unocal . The shipper of record with NNG needs to hold title to the gas that is being transported . For Unocal to utilize this capacity , they would need to either directly contract with NNG for such capacity , or ENA would acquire the capacity then "Capacity Release" the capacity to Unocal . The Capacity Release would be subject to NNG bulletin board posting requirements . Let me know if you want to discuss further .
Frank , Attached is the letter with the revised Section 2 . I also added some language to the beginning of Section 5 to make it clear how that Section operates with Section 2 .
David , Attached is the document with the insurance mark-ups that I noted on my voice mail . Please review and lets discuss .
Frank , I made a few tweaks . Please review .
Gary , Can you give me a scope of the issues we need to address in this CA . Thanks .
Attached is the some of amendment info we discussed last week . Looks like they want to get this out this week .
It will be in 38C1 beginning at 11 am CT tommorrow .
Kay , Please see the attached .
Per Gary Bryan's request , attached is a Confidentiality Agreement form for your review .
Mary , Can you prepare CA for the following entities . Black Diamond should be bi-lateral and Shell needs to be unilateral ( i.e . only protects us) . Let me know if you have any questions .
Shane , After reviewing the Mojave TPA , I contacted Carlos Pena with El Paso to discuss . He agreed that Section 3.2(B ) can be stricken . He also agreed that the Sentence In Section & on Page 10 which reads "Text from here to the end of item 7 has been inserted by Enron North America Corp." is a note which should be stricken . Also for consistency sake , Section 3.2(B ) in the main body of the agreement should not be stricken . Exhibit A overrides this Section so the strike is not necessary in the main body of the Agreement . Lastly , the full legal name "Enron North America Corp." should be inserted in the agreement . Let me know if you have any questions .
Attached is the form of GTC Wellhead for use in the Torch Energy transaction .
Rakhi , Attached is the letter with my revisions . I would have Mr . Neyman sign the letter . Let me know if you have any questions .
Our insurance contact is David Marshall . His phone number is 713 853-6847 .
Judy , I added the language for the payment by wire transfer in Section 6 .
Attached is your proposed language with my comments redlined . Please review . I would be happy to discuss . I can be reached at ( 713 ) 853-3512 .
FYI , We have one more outstanding issue . I have given them our insurance expert ( David Marshall ) name so they can discuss their insurance comments directly .
Phil , Can you send Tyrell the schedule that is to be attached as Appendix A ?
Attached are the revisions I sent to John .
Debra , Could you resend to Enfolio Spot Master to Mark ? Let me know if you have any questions .
Attached is the revised Keep Whole Language . I assume this language would completely replace the Variance langauge that we currently insert in our GTCs and any Replacement Price Differential Language in our Pooling Point and Wellhead GTCs . I.e . this will be the only measure of damages for these deals . If this is not correct , let's discuss . Ellen , This language would be the same language use for the W&T Offshore and Spinaker deals . Is this correct Nelson ? Please review before sending out to make sure I have correctly captured your business deal .
Attached are the Cascade Documents redlined with my changes . Please review and let's discuss further before forward by to Cascade . Some items to note: 1 . As we discussed before , the non-compete provision must be approved through the proper channels at Enron . The current Enron Corp . policy requires approvals by: 1 . The President ( or equivalent ) of Enron North America Corp . 2 . General Counsel of ENA ( Mark Haedicke ) 3 . Executive VP , Corp . Development of Enron Corp . 4 . Anyone else that ENA requires to approve these non-compete agreements . 2 . We need to scrub how this will fit with EES' business in this area . I tried to narrow the non-compete provisions as much as possible . Let's discuss .
Hi Mom , I am doing fine . Sorry I haven't responded earlier . Glad to hear that ya'll are back safe and sound . I am staying busy with the usual stuff . Talked to Sharon last week . It sounds like she is getting really close to the time . Another grandchild . Are ya'll going up to Dallas shortly after the birth ?
Rusty , Per Nick's request , attached is the form of professional services agreement we have used for Enron North America .
Max , Please see attached redline from Colorado Springs . They revised the Collateral limits in Section 4.5 . Let me know your thoughts .
My username is P00502719 and password is 14369477 .
I will put in on my calendar .
Andy , I have a few comments . Attached is a redline .
Attached is the term sheet with my revisions . Please review .
Hey GT , When are you coming to H-town ?
Attached for review are the draft template GTC and Confirm forms for the monthly wellhead and pooling point purchase business of ENA Upstream . Please review and provide any comments you may have as soon as possible . We would like to implement these templates for October business going forward . Judy , We need to discuss how the "Keep Whole" language used for the torch deal , should be incorporated into these forms for those deals with the negotiated Keep Whole . Ellen , has scheduled a meeting for Thursday to discuss .
It was very nice running into you also . Banker , smanker . G works hard for the money , so you had better treat him right . What do you have going on this week ? Thurs . or Fri . after work would work . ( That sounds weird )
Attached is the precedent agreement with changes redlined . I scanned their hardcopy . I added that same outs that were included in the Momentum agreements , but I left the dates blank . Please review and let me know if you have any questions .
Let's discuss on Thursday .
Attached is the form of amendment to guaranty for Tractebel . Do you know the $$ limits for signing authority for Bridgeline . I.e . when do the management member have to sign a guaranty as opposed to Randy Curry ?
FYI
I actually found a copy yesterday and forwarded to Keith for him to review . I think we either want a cashier check or a wire transfer . Do we have a legal description for these tracts to use in the sale documents ? We will need to have one to finalize the documents .
John , The meeting is tomorrow at 2:00 in 30C2
Max , The agreement calls for them to provide to ENA certification that they have set aside special funds to meet their payment obligations to ENA under this agreement . A letter from the mayor or city manager indicating such budget approvals are sufficient . To the extent they don't provide this , an Early Termination event occurs . We can still call for collateral in accordance with Section 4.5 if they don't meet the thresholds . The item added in your Sentence #1 below does concern me . This seems to be a floated revenue system and I am not sure how we get comfortable that the revenues will be there . I need to review these additions with Colorado Springs , because it is not clear to me how they think such provisions operate in the context of the existing language concerning the budget certification requirements . We probably need to get on a conference call with them . I am probably OK with the arbitration provision , depending on how the other items turn out . Tyrell , do you want to set something up a call with Marcus and his attorney to discuss these issues ?
Thanks for your help on this !
I am fine with this form .
After this hearing staff makes a recommendation to the commission . The commission decision should be issued in late Oct . or early Nov .
Ned , Attached is the revised CSI CA based on our discussion . The non-compete provision is removed . As we discussed they would still be obligated to not use our Confidential Information for any purpose other than to evaluate a transaction with ECS . However , they could still pitch a proposal not utilize our Confidential Information .
Rude Dog , How is it going ? Enjoying every moment of marital bliss! ! Must be weird to be a student again and have to do all that studying and drink all that beer . The Horns are looking pretty good . The defense has really been spectacular as well as special teams . The offense is sputtering right now , but I think they will get back on track . I am going to the UH game this weekend . We had better put a whipping on them . But with Texas you never know . Gone to any Michigan games yet ?
Judy , Attached are the Torch Docs redlined with my changes . I also changed some the the title on Exhibit A .
Max , Tyrell is attempting to set up a conference call with these guys for Monday afternoon . He will get back to us with the details .
Rude-Dog , Enron is still treating me like a baby treats a diaper ! Just kidding . Things are going fairly well and have gotten pretty busy within the last couple of weeks . Still trying to recharge the girlfriend pipeline on the weekends . Kinda of in a dry spell right now . Oh well at least my life isn't complicated . Glad to hear things are going well for you . Yes the days of surfing Longhorn boards for 3 to 4 hours a day are over . I am really getting comfortable with our DTs actually . Maurice Gordon , even though undersized has wreaked a lot of havoc . He crushed Curry in the endzone for the safety . Sounds likes Tubbs is picking up the double teams ( ala Casey Hampton ) which allows Gordon more room to work . He is very quick and can get to the backfield quickly . Mark my words , Derrick Johnson is our best linebacker Now!! ! Watching him against NC was a joy . He toys with the lineman and makes them look silly when he jukes and blows past them . The guy needs to be starting now . I know he has only played two games , but I haven't seen a more talented linebacker play at UT since I began watching Longhorn football . The game against UH is national on ESPN2 , I believe . You should be able to catch it . Watch #11 on Defense . Look for me in the stands . I be the one wearing burnt orange .
Attached are the revised redlined docs . per our discussion . Let me know if you need me to review these with Mariner's counsel .
Kyle , Attached is the agreement with the two changes I discussed on my voice mail message . Please review . Do we have a property description and a plat ?
Sometimes you just have to step up to the big leagues . I actually didn't know how much that trash can costs . The ex bought it . It is stainless steel , not chrome . I will sell you mine for $90 . I will even Lysol it for you . Congrats on your oversized chair with ottoman .
XX-Large . Thanks .
Sorry , Jean Mrha's assistant should have it .
No problem , I thought it was a day game when said I would come in on Friday . Enjoy your Fri .
Keith , My changes are redlined . Please provide any comments .
LRCI , Inc .
Kyle , Attached are the final versions of the Servitude Agreement and the Filing Form . We made some changes to the form for consistency . Please review . Roger and Rakhi , Please verify the legal description provided by Enterprise . I also have a plat which I will forward to you for review . After everyone has reviewed and approved we should be ready to go .
Harry , We have been using Bill Bryant and the Katz Kutter law firm to represent ECS' interest in the territorial dispute between Gulf Power and WFEC . I forwarded your email to him and asked for his input . Attached is his input . I think his suggestion about a meeting with all parties involved is a good one . Let me know what you think .
Chris , Attached is Shonnie's draft of the Closing Statement . Note that she nets out the amount with the payment due under the amended Master Services Agreement . Please review .
Attached is the notice letter to EMP ECHO , LLC for ECS' election to take and make the distributions resulting from the payment of the note for Gallup and Kachina . As we discussed Chris , Section 5.03 of the LLC Agreement governs the distributions and assuming the requirements of that section are met and upon provision of this notice , the note proceeds can be distributed to ECS . Upon payment of the note by whoever HPL's assignee is , the original notes will need to be cancelled . Nora , can locate these originals . I am not sure if the address and fax for EMP ECHO is correct . I pulled these from the agreement . Need to verify .
For your review . Let's talk early Monday .
Larry , What is the status of this permit ?
Frank , Sandi Braband had approved those agreements . I know that the El Paso pipelines are very strict on any changes to the GISB form . I did discuss removal of Section 3.2(b ) for Mojave pipeline ( an El Paso pipeline ) and their attorney agreed . Unfortunately he only handles the EP Pipelines in the west . Might be worth another run at their legal to see if we can modify the GISB to meet our template . Let me know if I can help .
FYI
I responded to Frank about 20 minutes ago .
Attached is the revised statement . Please review . I will have ENA execute as soon as I hear from NBP .
Mark and Dave , Please print out two copies of each and execute all four . The closing statements need to be printed on ENA Letterhead . Sign all four and fax to Don Baldridge . Put all four originals in the Fedex to me for initial . I have asked Don to obtain execution of NBP's side and fax back to me . Let me know if you have any questions .
Ask them to print and sign two copies .
Keith , Please revise the document to reflect Item 1 below . With respect to Item 2 , our environmental group is reviewing Enron's use of the property . No such uses should be found . What specifically are they looking for with respect to this item . Finally , any word on the title check with respect to item #3 .
Dave , I made a few slight changes to the agreement . Nothing substantive , just to clarify and catch some typos . I am OK with this form . We need to make sure the Universal signs any schedules to this agreement which specify the operating parameters of the units . Also , David Marshall will need to review the insurance section and address how we handle their self insurance issues .
Barry , Attached are the drafts we discussed yesterday . Please give me a call to discuss .
Lisa , I made significant revisions to this form . Please review and lets discuss .
Lisa , Your changes look fine to me . I added the sentence to make it clear that ECS would not be owning and operating that portion of the equipment . It wasn't clear to me from the section which indicate we will be arranging for the installation of the compressors .
Keith , Please draft the letter and forward for my review . Could you also forward the language for Item #1as you revised it ? Thanks .
Attached is the revised doc per our discussions .
Don't you have work to do today ? By the way , I will kick your ass for free !
I found this doc . Hope it is the one you needed .
Nora , The notes were paid off . We do need to cancel the originals . Let me know if I need to do anything .
Dan , This is the only transport agreement I found in that directory .
Please see attached I added language concerning the firmness of that portion converted to a fixed price . Let me know if you have any questions .
I added to the language we discussed .
Attached is the draft .
Attached is a clean version of the LOI . I only revised what was paragraph 6 . I tried to redline , but it picked up all the previous changes .
Sorry . I completely forgot . I will get you a check tomorrow . Everything is going fine ! How are the law school plans going ?
Mark , Attached for your review is a draft of the Capacity Release agreement we discussed .
The only way would be to copyright the material . Any original writing can be copyrighted . At a minimum , I would mark any submission as Copyrighted material . I don't know the specific requirements for filing . You might want to do some net research on the subject . I would think the Fed . Government would have a web site on how to copyright material . Hope this helps .
I did prepare these .
Here , Here , I would like to second Ernie's sentiments . We are very proud of you guys and hope that you stay safe . Drop us a note if you can .
Ernie , I think that's right . It makes sense since he is Chief Weapons Officer . Bieraugel is one smart dude . He helped me through many an engineering class . Wouldn't be surprised to see Admiral Bieraugel one day . Did you see on CNN how the Navy guys are writing "For NYPD" and "FDNY" on the bombs being dropped in Afghan ! Eat that! ! Yep , Saturday was pretty depressing . I have to hand it to OU . Stoops is an outstanding coach . I will still go to the games , though some of the luster is lost . How is the family doing ? My little sister Sharon had a little boy yesterday . William Boone . Pretty weird when your little sister starts having babies . We still need to get together when we get a chance . Let me know when you get some time .
Attached is a draft of the Keep Whole language we discussed last week . Please review and provide any comments you may have .
Kay , Please see attached . Thanks .
Ed , Can you help me out with this ? Kay is out of the office .
Do you have any tiered pricing language for 5 tiers ?
Chris , Attached is a form of interconnect agreement with reimbursement language that you requested on behalf of Hugh Connett . Sorry for the delay . Let me know if you have any questions .
Chris , Richard and I have come to agreement on the Shell CA . Attached is a redline with the changes . Please forward to Shell for their review and I will send down executables .
Attached is the redline version .
Keegan please print two executables of the attached on Enron Logo Letterhead . I need these this afternoon . Thanks .
Mark , Made a few small comments . See attached .
Mark , Attached are the latest .
Yes , You can delete .
Judy , Attached is the GTC to be used for the Mariner deal with the revisions we discussed . I will be out Thurs . and Fri . but will check voicemail .
Nelson , I reviewed the form provided . Some comments 1 . Generally we should make every attempt to get these guys to use our paper . From an ENA Upstream overall standpoint , if we start using other forms then we lose consistency with how these deals are administered ( payment , noms. , etc) . 2 . With respect to this form there are some conceptual issues . A . No specific measures of damages if the parties breach B . No detail on the type of gas being purchase ( i.e . Wellhead , Pooling Point , firm , interruptible ) Contract states that "Seller shall use reasonable efforts to deliver and Buyer shall use reasonable efforts to purchase" . We would have to tie this down . C . Nomination deadlines and notification for production variances is not addressed . 3 . There are also some legal issues; State Law , Arbitration , etc. , Indemnity In summary , we would have to make significant revisions to this form and it would end up looking much more like our form . I don't know the dynamics of the relationship . Are they insistent on using their paper ?
Mark , Attached are the latest . I smoothed out some of your changes and added a section in the TA to address assignment of the gathering agreement . Please review .
Attached are the latest based on our discussions . I couldn't redline the Capacity Release Agreement , so I am only sending a clean version . I would still make a general caveat , that we still need to do a final review of the gathering agreement . This could add to the Transaction Agreement .
FYI
Brian , Attached are drafts of the following docs.: 1 . Capacity Assignment and Prearranged Release Agreement 2 . Transaction Agreement to the Master Enfolio We are still undergoing some internal review of these , but to move the process forward please review the attached .
Attached are clean and redlines of the revised docs . I forwarded the clean versions to Brian Stone prior . Jessica , Barry asked for 5 copies of the attached on his desk in the morning for his review .
I am going .
Attached is the amendment to the Kennedy Agreement reflected the repricing . Please review and let's talk in the morning .
Mary , Is this an operational type filing or an entity type filing ? If it is operational , then it is probably someone else's issue .
Please disregard the prior version .
Please see attached .
Here is the latest .
Attached are redlines of the latest .
Debra , Please send Gary Bryan a sample master firm . Thanks .
Attached are the latest documents . The Transaction Agreement was split into two separate agreements .
Attached is the revised doc per Eric's comment .
Paul , Disregard the prior version and use this one .
Please review . Note that on the attached letter , we will remove the rep . concernig the "presence" of hazardous materials" . According the Kyle , there may have been such material stored in the warehouse . Kyle , Please review the letter and let me know if you see any problems .
Ruth , Attached is a redline and clean version of the amendment . I added the language we discussed on the phone . I also added paragraph and associated changes to make it clear that this pricing doesn't comment until December 1 , 2001 .
Hey Tracy , Yes you are correct . That is a fantastic picture of JJ . Really miss that guy . Young Frank doesn't seem to be enjoying the experience as much as Madeline . Glad to hear things are going well for you guys . All is good with me . Not much new and exciting happening . Thanks for the pics !
Rick , Enron North America Corp . has participated in this program the last couple of years and intends to do so again . I will be coordinating the program for ENA . Please forward any information to my attention for the upcoming process . I can be reached directly at ( 713 ) 853-3512 . Thanks .
I have no idea what this is .
Judy , I added the language for release by Mariner that we discussed . I put a 3 day threshold in the language . Please review and lets discuss .
Mark , Attached is a draft . Please review and let's discuss before you send to Huber .
Debra , I think we were waiting on credit for this one . I believe we answered their question that Atmos Energy Corp . would be the one executing the documents . Can you check with Veronica ?
Attached is the Cash Sale Form for Texas Brine we discussed . I would also let them know this is the exact same form executed for the sale of the previous tract to Texas Brine . Let me know if you have any questions .
Overall I would give her a 5 . I would request her again .
Keith , Please note the following changes for the Napoleonville warehouse sale docs . I will call you to discuss further issue to getting this finaliz|
Ken , Attached is your document with my comments .
FYI , New Huber deal being negotiated .
New deal being negotiated .
Extension of Kennedy Wyoming Gas Purchase . FYI
Rudwell , Attached is a redline of the guaranty with my comments . Specifically they are: 1 . I am OK with including reasonable attorney fees , but they must be included in the $2.5 million dollar cap . 2 . The use of subtantially in Paragraph 2 seems redundant . The notice requires reasonable detail . To add subtantial compliance on top of that is redundant . I am OK with the other changes . Please review and let me know if you have any questions .
Rudwell , Attached is the executable form of the guaranty . Please fill in the Cargill information and forward to Bridgeline for execution . Also , I didn't know what the effective date should be . Let me know if you have any questions .
Cindy , Attached is the revised confirm with my changes redlined . Let me know if this covers Nelson's concerns .
Attached is the confirm and GTC for the Wellhead purchase with Keep Whole language that we discussed . Let me know if you have any questions .
Stacy Dickson is taking this one .
Karen , Please get with Mary Ogden . She can retrieve the schedules for you from our legal files . Unfortunately , I am not aware of a brief of these contracts . I can help you work through the agreements if needed . Thanks .
Mark , Please see attached .
Attached is the document with one change .
Jim , I am not sure who handled the operating permits . I think that type of stuff was usually handled by someone in the gas pipeline group .
Let me know if you have any questions .
Rakhi , Attached is the form of cash sale for the Crawfish Property . Please review and if OK you can forward to Bridgeline . Let me know if you have any questions .
Ellen , Let's talk about the attached .
Chris , Attached is the info I have on this deal . My contact info is: Gerald Nemec Enron North America Corp . 1400 Smith St . ( EB3874A )
Hey Jen , The number is at the house . I will send it to you tomorrow . The GK was fun . We went to another similar type place called the Marquis II . They were both pretty cool . Kinda of dives . I was pretty polluted by the end of the night . No game this weekend . We'll have to grab beers again . Later .
Attached are the Mexicana Amendments and New Confirm . Jason , As I left in my voicemail , I want to make sure you are OK with the credit provisions inserted into the GTC . Please review and let me know if you have any questions .
Attached is a new confirm I have prepared for Mexicana
Her name is Lucinda . Can't remember her husbands name , but I call him Lucinda's husband . The number is 713-697-1626 . In case that doesn't work , her husband's work number is 281-970-2020 . I pay her $50 every time she comes , which is every two weeks . She does it all . Mops , vacuums , dusts , washes dishes , cleans bathrooms and kitchen , she also washes my clothes , bed sheets , and towels . They do speak very little English . Her husband speaks better , but they may have you speak with their son , unless you want to use your Spanish and pretend you are back in Madrid . Use my name . If she has availability , her and her husband will come out to the house and take a look . You can go over with her what you want done and then agree on the price . I give her a key to my house and she comes when I am not there . A lot of people I know use her and she is trustworthy . Feel free to ask if you have questions .
Attached are the two contracts which will replace the single original , as we discussed . Please review and let me know if you have any questions . Thanks .
Revised per our discussion .
FYI , Do we have any Peoples concerns here ?
Attached are clean and redlined versions of the docs with revisions .
I am OK with their changes , as long as you are OK with removal of those counterparties .
Bill , Attached is the information we discussed . I enjoyed talking with you today . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks .
Keith is forwarding hard copies of the documents . As soon as I recieve them , I will review , initial , and forward to you for execution .
Keegan , Please print out two executables of the attached on bond paper . Thanks .
Hey Ern , Sorry it took me awhile to get back with you . As you can imagine , it is pretty crazy around here . Yes , it has been very interesting around Enron these days . I think we pull through , but I expect the stock to take a beating for awhile . The media has been pounding us for the last couple of weeks . Saw George at the Colorado game . Seems to be doing well . George was definitely ready to get married , so I think he is really enjoying the married life . Ran into a couple of old Wranglers including Carl Jackson . Do you remember Kenny Reineger ? We saw him at the endzone club . Also ran into Stacy......SAR ! She looks exactly the same . Haven't heard anything from Bieraugel . I sure he is up to his eyeballs busy with kickin some Taliban butt . How is life at FritoLay . The economy effecting you guys any ?
Ken , Attached is the Agreement with my comments redlined over your changes . Sorry for the delay Please review and let me know if you have any questions . By copy of this email , I am requesting David Marshall to review the insurance section ( Section 11 ) and provide any comments he may have .
Keegan , Please print out 6 executables of the following: And 8 executables of the following: Please FEDEX two original two each counterparty to the address listed in the contract . Some counterparties are on both contracts , so they will recieve four originals for execution . Let me know if you have any questions . Sorry for the delay on this Jill , I was out sick yesterday .
Thursday afternoon is better for me . If it must be done Wed . please coordinate with my assistant Keegan Farrel
Attached is the LOI with my comments redlined . Let me know if you have any questions .
Brian , Attached are the letter and Exhibit with my changes . I have included a clean and redlined version . Please review .
Lisa , I am fine with your changes . The language that you highlighted in red should read "the Parties enter into a defintive agreement(s ) for the compression services" . Please make the change . Let me know if you need anything further .
Sounds like you have been busy . Work sucks . Everybody is really stunned and depressed . Plus , I have been sick since Sunday . I have missed a couple of days of work . Not a good week for the G . Sorry to be such a bummer . Anyway , glad that you like Lucinda . She does good work . We'll catch up this weekend .
Kyle , Do you have any information on this waste disposal site ? Apparently there is a meeting on November 15th to assess each party's liability for cleanup and Louisiana Resources Company is named . Is anybody working on this ?
Attached is the letter with my comments .
Attached is the letter with my comments redlined . Let me know if you have any questions .
This site is called Mars . This web site is all the information I have . www.projectoolbox.com/web/mar.htm
Darren , Please review the attached ASAP .
Paul , Attached is the Kennedy Amendment . Please review and if acceptable , please forward to Kennedy .
Attached is the final version of the Master .
Attached is the structure with my comments . Concerning the earlier question . It is not clear under Texas law whether the surface rights by themselves are sufficient to convery the right to use property for gas storage . Thus the rights should be leased from both the surface owner and the mineral owner to be sure . I revised the transaction sheet to reflect this . Let me know if you have any questions .
Chris , Attached are driving directions to Nicor's Troy Grove site . Per our discussions , please verify whether the site is in Illinois Power's territory .
Attached are the consent to assignment letters . We will need two executables of each . Let me know if you will be the one sending these out for execution .
Robert , The original contribution agreement called for Bridgeline Holdings , L.P . to acquire consent for these assignments . They were required to use "all reasonable efforts to obtain such Consents" . To the extent they did not do so , ENA should not be liable for the $25,000 per month . I assume Hugh Connett at Bridgeline is the proper person contact person at Bridgeline . What is the current status of this $25,000 per month bill . Has Bridgeline invoiced us ?
Attached is the guaranty with my comments . Let me know if you have any questions .
Attached is an amended and restate Torch confirm . The Exhibit was revised to add two more points . Let me know if you have any questions .
Judy Thorne had sent out all earlier documents . I don't know who she sent them to . Nelson should know .
I am OK with their comments . Who is the correct "Counterparty" for this guaranty ?
Attached are David's insurance comments . I agree with his mark-ups . Feel free to contact David directly to discuss .
Art , Per our phone conversation , attached is the revised language for Section 4.4 of the Master Firm Agreement . Please review and if acceptable , we will prepare executables and forward for signature . "Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein , this Section 4.4 shall only allow for offset , set off , or recoupment between Company and Customer , excluding Customer's PNM Gas Services division."
Rudwell , Attached is the guaranty . Please print out 1 copy for Randy's signature .
I am fine with the language . We will prepare executables .
Please review .
Attached is the final letter version . I am OK with the wiring instructions .
I agree with your summary .
Brandi , Attached is the Confidentiality Agreement for Torch . Let me know if you have any questions .
I am OK with the matrix . Please also note that any GTC with a term of 9 months or longer should be signed by Enron and Counterparties . Nelson , are you OK with using a GTC Spot for one-day deals ?
Clement , Attached is the form of guaranty we discussed . Let me know if you have any questions .
Ken , Attached is the form of guaranty from Enron Corp . This guaranty is currently be routed for approval .
Ken , Below is the revised language for the restriction on activities paragraph in the Cash Sale Form The Property is restricted in that no activity using explosives or other high-power detonating devices may be conducted on the Property within 500 feet of the storage well facility of Vendor located near the Property that would fracture or cause subsurface movement to the storage well facility of Vendor . Additionally , Buyer shall erect and maintain , at its sole cost and expense , a suitable chain-link fence between Vendor's retained adjacent property and the purchased Property .
Keith , Could you look at this form and scrub it for Louisiana law issues .
FYI
For your review .
Chris , Attached is the document to which Russell and I have agreed . Next step is for us to get signed and fax to Russell . Do you have the tract descriptions that Gulf forwarded ? Does Dave ?
Ken , We are in receipt of your revised sale form . We will review . I also need the following items by today to fully complete my review . 1 . Any comments you have to the restriction language I proposed . 2 . Draft of the Board Resolution you added to the Act of Sale . 3 . Any other comments you have . Please forward this information ASAP .
FYI , The latest .
Chris , The letter was signed and faxed to Gulf at approximately 5 pm today .
Lisa , My only comments would be in the Firm Transport section . Since ENA can not directly provide firm transport on NNG , I would rephrase it as "ENA would arrange for Firm Transport on NNG" . As we discussed before , Unocal would need to enter directly into the FT with NNG or ENA would have to contract for the FT and then release it to Unocal pursuant to the capacity release procedures ( which would include posting and bidding requirements) .
Attached is the revised guaranty form . Let me know if you need anything else for execution .
Attached is a redline of the Act of Sale with my comments . Let me know if you have any questions . I will draft the resolution this afternoon .
Mark/Lance , Attached is a legal risk memo concerning the sale of land in Louisiana by the ENA Upstream Group ( Jean Mrha - Commerical Contact) . The memo will be attached to a DASH which is being circulated for signature today . Please review and let me know if you have any questions .
Ken , Per our discussion attached are the drafts of revised Act ( redlined with my comments ) and the Board Resolution for your review .
See attached . I took a guess at the payment timing and our involvement in the construction process . Do we want to let Jim , review that section also ? I am trying to leave the office by 12 tomorrow . Any comments ASAP would be appreciated . Upon receipt of comments , I will forward to Bill Howell .
Eric , The answers to your questions based on the information I have are: 1 . The transaction closed on February 3 , 2000 . 2 . All the licenses that you fowarded for Louisiana Resources are currently being used by Bridgeline Holdings , L.P . 3 . I don't know . I don't think that any of the licenses were new after the transaction date . Robert , any different info ? 4 . To the best of my knowledge all of the licenses ( that you forwarded ) are operating and were operating at the time of the transaction . Do you agree , Robert ? To clarify , the assets were not sold to Bridgeline Holdings , L.P . They were contributed to the formation of the LP in consideration for Enron's 40% equity stake and 50% control . No transfer applications for these licenses has been filed . Also , it is not clear from the information you forwarded whether the licenses were in Louisiana Resources Company's ( LRC ) name or Louisiana Resources Pipeline Company Limited Partnership ( LRP) . LRP was merged into Bridgeline Holdings , L.P . LRC is still held 100% by Enron North America Corp .
For your review is the draft Construction Expedition Letter per our discussions Monday .
Attached are the documents we discussed . I have a attached a clean and redline version of the Act of Sale , compared against the prior version we sent . Upon your final approval , we will prepare executables .
Eric , Texaco Exploration and Production , Inc . owns the other 60% . The LP is governed by a management committee with two member from Enron and two from Texaco . I can be your contact for Louisiana Resources . However , as I stated earlier , I need to know which Louisiana Resources you are talking about . Is it Louisiana Resources Company or Louisiana Resources Pipeline Company Limited Partnership . For Bridgeline the contact would be Robert D . Morgan . His phone number is 713-345-6374 .
Resending . Thanks .
Attached are my Louisiana counsel's comments to our ROW form . I agree with his changes . Please review and let me know if you have any questions .
The final sign off from Reliant legal . I will prepare the executables and get them to Eva .
Stephen , We will revise the termination date to be May 27 , 2002 .
Please review and let's discuss .
Last week was crazy . Sorry about this . I will send them out today .
I have not received it yet .
Eric , See attached with my changes . Robert , Can you provide the information Eric needs for Bridgeline . Thanks .
Per our discussion , please review and provide comments asap .
For your review , attached is a draft of the processing language for Riceland Ralco . Please provide any comments you may have .
Jean , We have appointed three new directors for LRCI , Inc . They are yourself , Mark Haedicke , and Brian Redmond . The records show the current directors as Mark Haedicke and Louise Kitchen , but we were unable to find any resolutions supporting this . We will clean the records up to reflect the new directors . Since you and Brian are on the management of Bridgeline , it is a more logical fit for you to be directors . The resolutions for the Napoleonville Land Sale with the new directors are being circulated for signature . You may have already seen it . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks .
It was sitting on Haedicke's desk . Eva , is going to pick it up and bring it to you for signature .
Attached is the latest version of the PA with my changes redlined . Sorry for the delay .
FYI , My Fla . counsel's comments to our letter .
Please see attached and let me know if you have any comments or questions .
Mary , Those will be fine for the other LRC entities .
The Parties shall keep the terms and provisions of this Agreement strictly confidential and shall not disclose them , in whole or in part without the written consent of the other Party . If any Party shall be required by any court , legislative or administrative body to , whether by oral questions , interrogatories , requests for information , subpoena , or some other processes , any Party shall have the full right and ability to disclose same without regard to the confidentiality covenant herein contained; provided , however , that such Party shall provide the other Parties with as much notice of its requirement to make such disclosure as is reasonably practicable and do all things that the other Parties may reasonably request , at the other Parties' cost , to facilitate the other Parties' efforts to eliminate or restrict such requirement .
Your leaving Friday ?
Jeff , Attached is the letter with a few comments . The only substantive comment concerns cost tracking . We would like to be informed of the overall project costs as they are incurred . Please see the attached redlined doc . with my comments . Let me know if Gulf is OK with these changes . We would like to get this finalized early tomorrow morning . Thanks .
The language looks fine to me .
LRCI , Inc . is fine with recording the map .
Lisa , I am fine with the changes . Just insert the langauge into the confirm under the heading "Processing" .
Let me know , how you want to handle this .
Barry , The information on the top 10 from your contract list 1 . Duferco-Farrell Corp . - Could not find any contract in our database . Do we have the name correct ? 2 . XTO Energy Inc . - There is no MAC clause in the contract . So they can't terminate unless we fail to perform . One way termination payment 3 . Power Authority State of New York - No Master Found . Only a GTC and Master Interruptible . 4 . The Peoples Gas Light and Coke Company - Found an old Columbia Energy Marketing and Consolidated Natural Gas Company . No MAC termination clause and no termination payment calculation . If party fails to perform then other party can seek damages . 5 . NUI Utilities , Inc . - MAC Clause triggered at BBB- . Two way termination payment 6 . Louis Dreyfus Natural Gas - No Master found . Just GTCs and a Master Spot 7 . Florida Power and Light Company - MAC Clause triggered at BBB- . FPL can terminate unless we provide LC equal to their Termination Payment . One way termination payment . 8 . The American Coal Company - Couldn't find any contracts . 9 . Trigen Energy Corporation ( Found Trigen-Nassau Energy Corp. ) - No MAC Clause . No specific remedy for default ( i.e . termination payment ) 10 . PrimeSouth , Inc . - Could not find any contracts Sorry for the delay . Let me know if you need more information .
Is it time to go to Cozumel yet ? Everything is so simple when you're hitting on a ex-stripper while downing a couple of tasty Coronas .
Barbara , My information is as follows: Thanks again for everything you have done for me !
Still here . Pretty quiet on the floor though . How hard did your area get hit ?
Per my wife's phone conversation with you , please drop the Tennis and Gold membership items from our current account . The bills should be sent to: 1403 Banks Let me know if you have any questions .
See , its not all bad .
Keegan's Info
I have reviewed the Dow Agreement wrt to the Dow Invoice Dated November 29 , 2001 and have found the following Section 3.3 of the Agreement ( as amended ) provides for a lease fee of $25,000 per BCF based on 4.6 BCF until the date that gas injections begin in Enron's well ( which was July 31 , 2001 ) and a fee of $50,000 per BCF based on 4.6 BCF thereafter . The fees are assessed per calendar quarter . The above fees look to be OK . 2 . Final Mining Fee - $23,362.40 Final Land Purchase Offset - ( $47,013.75 ) Section 6.5 through 6.8 of the Agreement provide for a detailed calculation of the Brine Fee due Dow based on the amount of salt removed from Enron's new well and a corresponding credit back to Enron for the conveyance of a 57.865 acres tract of land to Dow from Enron . The credit is also based on the amount of Salt removed from Enron's new well . Dow should provide detail on the salt removed and someone would need to go through the calcs in 6.5 through 6.8 to verify the above charges . 3 . Power Credit Adjustment - $16,500 I find no basis for this in the contract . Under Schedule 3 to the Bridgeline Holdings , L.P . partnership agreement , Bridgline is obligated to bear all obligations under the Dow Agreement up to a maximum of $1,000,000 per year . So Bridgeline should be paying these costs , assuming they haven't already paid up to $1,000,000 . Let me know if you have any questions .
Deb , Could you pull data sheets for me on the following entities: Louisiana Resources Company LRCI , Inc . Louisiana Gas Marketing Company LGMI , Inc . Thanks
Brian , Karen Gruesen , and I had a discussion this morning with Bridgeline . We agreed that they owed and would pay the lease fees , but the remainder of the charges were not subject to reimbursement . The only issue was would they reimburse us or pay Dow directly . They are concerned about netting issues .
Bridgeline was checking the issues on their side concerning payment directly to Dow . We made it clear that we prefer they directly pay Dow . They were supposed to get back with Brian later today . Sorry I didn't make that clear earlier .
I know how you feel . No way Nebraska should be playing for the championship . Should be Oregon .
I will see if we can get someone from the bankruptcy team for Wed .
Attached is the review performed so far on the gas contract list you forwarded . I only reviewed the physical master from Barry's list . The attached also included some contracts that Frank asked for review . I will have more updates tomorrow .
Please send of future email updates to: gnemec@houston.rr.com
Leslie , The technical name is: Blanket Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity pursuant to Section 7C of the Natural Gas Act and 18 CFR 284.402 .
Your thoughts ?
Stuart , I reviewed the contract files on the Hubbard Transaction and found the following agreements: All these contracts are in Enron North America Corp.'s name 1 . Compression Services Agreement dated June 29 , 2000 ( I worked on this one . We basically restated the existing Compression Services Agreement with NNG to revise conversion factors to allow NNG to deliver ENA more gas and thus allow ENA to mark more earnings . NNG was able to book $2 mil of these earning as a fee paid by ENA to NNG in consideration for termination of the existing Compression Services Agreement ) This agreement has a provision for submission of a purchase offer by NNG to ENA for purchase of the motor and interconnection facilities . No specific numbers are listed and the terms would have to be mutually agreeable . No events of default specifically listed ( including bankruptcy) . Thus it is not terminated . If ENA fails to provide HP there are LD payments due up to a maximum of $200,000 per contract year . Term is through January 31 , 2018 . 2 . First Amended and Restated Operations Agreement dated November 1 , 1997 . NNG operates the electric driver for ENA . Fee is $44,000 per year with an escalater . Term is through November 30 , 2017 ( This works with the term of the CSA above . Even though physical operations stop in November , gas still flows for another two month period) . No events of default specifically listed ( including bankruptcy) . 3 . Agreement for Purchase of Power dated March 31 , 1995 as amended on November 19 , 1997 . ENA purchases electricity from Midland Power Cooperative . Term is through December 31 , 2017 . No events of default specifically listed ( including bankruptcy) . 4 . Master Lease Agreement dated March 31 , 1995 . ENA leases the electric motor driver and appurtenant equipment from General Electric Capital Corporation . This agreement has a 10 year term with an option to purchase the equipment after year 8 for a fixed amount of $944,875.69 . Bankruptcy of ENA is an event of default . GE must provide notice that they wish to declare an event of default . If they declare an event of default , GE could enter the premises and take possession of the equipment and hold ENA liable for the "Stipulated Loss Value" of the equipment and all rentals due thereunder . The Stipulated Loss Value calculated is set forth on a Table attached to the agreement . Let me know if you would like copies of any of these agreements .
Mark , I didn't find any gas agreements in the binders that I have . Most likely since it was done intra-ENA , there was no contract and it was simply booked under a deal ticket . I will look to see if I can find any paper in our global database for the deal .
I left it with Leslie after I reviewed yesterday .
I don't think there would be any problem with the ECS selling the gas to a third party . They are currently selling the gas to ENA . I am not sure how the proceeds from the sale will be handled once ECS recieves them , since ECS is not bankrupt . I will see if I can find anything out about that . Eric , you might want to check with Ed and see if he has any insight .
We found no termination notice .
Please see attached . Please note that that physical gas purchase and sale is as follows: ECS Compression Company LLC receives the gas from TW under the CSA ECS Compression Company LLC sells the gas to Enron Compression Services Company Enron Compression Services Company sells the gas to ENA ( Gallup ) or to Enron Gas Marketing Corp . ( Bisti/Bloomfield )
I would like to nominate OU's 16-13 defeat by OSU as the Most Humiliating Upset of the Year .
At this point , I don't think any assignment to ECS solve any of these issues . We still have to get approval for any cash outlaws from ECS since it is 100% owned by ENA . Also assignment from a debtor entity to a non-debtor entity might require certain approvals from the Bankruptcy Ct . and the DIP financing . I can look into it if it necessary , but does it really help the cash situation ?
Susan , Could you look for and email me the following: Storage Agreement with Montana Power Interruptible Storage Agreement with WBI Transport Agreement with Trailblazer Pipeline Company ( Think it was dated around 1995 ) Sorry for the sketchy info , but that is all that I have . Thanks .
Bruce , Give me a call when you get a chance . We have much to talk about in recruiting . Let's see...... . Albert Hardy , Rodrique Wright , and now Marco Martin . Unbelievable . If we could only land Vincent Young .
Kellie , Have you updated the transport list yet ?
I still haven't received the final update . This is the latest .
Do you have anything for HomeTown Communications Network . Looking for a gas contract dated 6/14/01
No . This must be the Pulp & Paper GTC to which they are referring . They didn't specifically note it as a gas deal . Thanks for your help .
Attached is the only I have for Kachina .
Thanks . Could you also look for a Enfolio Master Firm with Kaztex Energy Management Inc . and ENA dated August 1 , 2001 .
Debra Perelingiere had prepared this contract . Since it was done so recently , it may not have made it into the system yet . Thanks for your help . I'll check Debra's files .
Jason , To follow up on our discussion last week , Enron Compression Services Company ( not a debtor , and owned 100% by ENA ) is receiving physical gas under its Compression Services Agreements with Transwestern Pipeline Company . The gas is delivered to ECS on TW's system as consideration for ECS delivery of electric compression services . This gas was sold by ECS to ENA under a long term Master Firm , but obviously that has blown up . TW has been desperate to get this gas off of their system since it is packing their pipeline worse every day . We put into place a GISB with Richardson Energy Marketing , Ltd . I made sure there was not cross affiliate netting language in the GISB . Some of the gas was sold over the Christmas weekend ( about 20,000 per day ) and more is being sold this week . We need to put into place a long term sale for the remainder of the term of the compression deals ( approximately 7 years ) to protect the compression services deals . Sid may be a potential counterparty , but it may be sold to someone else . Please provide any input you may have on how we need to structure this sale given the current situation .
In addition to the Philadelphia Gas Works contracts , could you also look for a Husky Oil Operations Limited with ENA dated September 1 , 1999 . Thanks .
Thanks Susan . Can you send me any GTC that would have been for Nov -01 through March 02 business for PGW .
Per my phone conversation with Cheryl Hartsell , I hereby give permission for Unimark LLC to provide a copy of the contract with ENA Upstream Company , LLC dated October 20 , 2001 to the producer who gas was sold by Unimark under such contract; provided that Unimark informs such producer of the confidential nature of the contract . If you need any further information , please contact me at ( 713 ) 853-3512 .
Attached is a draft of the Dow Amendment . I used portions of their proposed amendment which they sent of August 8 . Date and prices are left blank for negotiation . Let me know if you have any questions .
Stuart , I have reviewed your comments and incorporated as appropriate . Please review attached . The following are my comments on your changes that I did not accept: 1 . The replacement of Section 3.1 and 3.2 with Section ( a) , ( b) , etc . is confusing , but unfortunately the September 1 , 2000 amendment already made this replacement . I am staying with that format . 2 . Since the Original Agreement was awkardly amended in September of 2000 , I think the references to the "Original Agreement as amended by Amendment #2" are helpful , so l retained them . Let me know if you have any questions . I am OK to send this to Dow if you are .
I am so sorry about Jack . It is very difficult for me to accept that he is gone . He was a very special man to me as I was growing up . Jack was as much like an Uncle to me as any of my blood relatives . He always represented the pillar of strength while still being able to to be one of the most loving and compassionate people I have ever known . To me Jack was everything a man was supposed to be . It always made me proud to talk to Jack about my football games and later on the oil and gas business . It was neat that in a way I was following a similiar path in life to the one that Jack had taken . And when my daughter was born I began to see how he must of felt about his three wonderful daughters , who I still consider to be like sisters to me . I was so excited when Little Jack was born this year because I knew how proud and excited he must have been to finally have his boy . I hope someday I have the opportunity to tell him what a special man his Grandpa was . The thing I always will remember about Jack was that when he walked into a room , he filled it up , not because of his size , but because of his enormous personality and lust for life . He could always put a smile on your face . The world has lost a very special man . I know this is hard for you and the girls . It is hard for me to write this without breaking up . I Love you guys and wish I was there with you . Love Mark Whitt
I don't know why it did not go . It was huge ! He called it within 15 yds . and took it with a bow . We missed you in Jackson ! Weather was great , so was the fishing .
How is the little one ? I'm sorry I missed the date !
How much does Logan weigh ? Does he stand a chance against his brothers ?
Updated
Please find the attached draft version of our proposed gas supply structure . We have focused on minimizing your fixed charges while still giving you the right to call on up to 30,000 mmbtu/d of Firm Cheyenne supplies . In addition , Enron will manage your transportation and imbalances associated with your PSCO transportation contracts . Obviously we will need to see those contracts prior to finalizing this transaction in order to assure we can meet those obligations . In addition , I am sure we will need to "tweak" this proposal to meet you physical requirements ( volumes , terms etc. ) Please give me a call once you have had a chance to review the attached . Mark Whitt
Please find the attached Firm Contract
please add tbutt@pioneeroil-co.com
Brian , After talking to our legal department it seems that in order to effectuate the wellhead purchase we will need assignment of the Williams contract instead of being agent . This is important because we will have title to the gas at Durango . Therefore we need to have the contract assigned to us . Can you talk to Williams ASAP and see if that is a problem ? Thanks Mark
Please find the attached .
Theresa Staab and I would like to come to Houston on Monday and spend some time with you and Jason on Tuesday . We need to discuss some specifics on the purchase proposal such as how you want each netback to be determined , logistics and documentation . Let me know what time would work for you on Tuesday . We probably need a fair amount of time . Tyrell and I are working on a monetization structure for your gathering system . Can you tell me if the Oil and Gas Division was able to keep the gains associated with the rollout of the hedges ? We think we might have a structure worth looking at . P.S . Dan and I would like to call you on Friday in regards to the Ft Union capacity . Some time in the afternoon .
Please review and share your comments and concerns .
Let's talk it through .
Discuss with Stephanie and Barry .
I would let her know that there is no definite timeline but we are closing a transaction next week .
Heidi , Please sum up my costs and Paul's cost for this trip and forward to Barry . Barry , All of the Hotel costs were on my credit card , so all Paul should have is his airfare and incidentals . But we will sum it up for you .
I like those kinds of schedules !
I suggest that you build a boxing ring in the back yard ! Let's try to get together soon . Sounds like we have both been too busy !
I made a few small changes
That is great !
The attached can act as a starting point for discussions around Enron's purchase of Pioneer's Powder River Basin Methane supplies . Once you have reviewed it please give me a call at 303-575-6473 and we can discuss it .
Not suprising !
Bud Cranford
That should keep you busy !
Can we get this ?
Let's Plan on watching this .
Please look at this . I didn't know how deep to go with the desk . Do you think this works .
This is the contract # on El Paso if you need it .
Let's take this injto consideration for Kennedy's Recluse gas . Let's get a proposal from Grasslands and we can put together a summary of the options for Kennedy .
Laine could you add Jay to your email distribution list ? His address is jay.reitmeyer@enron.com
Please include the following language: If both parties agree , the CIG Index portion of the pricing can be changed during the term of the contract to reflect other market and transport opportunities .
This is all I have
Could you have someone draft an interruptible purchase agreement for Pioneer Oil . I will forward you the address .
Here is an opportunity to get a box for one of the games . Detroit on Feb 4th would be great ! That is a Monday . If you and Kim wanted to you could come up and ski that weekend prior . Let me know what you think .
Please put together your vacation schedules for the rest of the year and forward to Heidi by 10/25/01 . Heidi , please organize these into one summary and let me see them before they go to Barry .
The only thing we need to make sure we are covered on is all the Huber purchases in the Powder River will be starting on Dec 1 . They could be quite involved . So let's make sure we are ready , especially if you are out .
Those dates are fine . Of course I am sending this to you on the morning of the 19th so maybe you are already here . I will be your contact . We are at 1200 17th St . Suite 2750 . the office is in the process of being subdivided so it will be easiest if you come by and I show you what we are doing . Call me if you need anything at 303-575-6473 .
The following customers are currently covered by Fred Lagrasta's middle market desk primarily for derivative transactions . In all cases except for Hallwood , ENA Denver has a relationship with these customers that primarily covers their physical business , we would like to expand that business to cover their Derivative business as well . The list is based on priority . We would be willing to cover them for their West Gas business only . Fred could continue to cover their East , Central and Oil/Liquids business . Xcel Energy ( PSCo ) and affiliate e Prime . Devon Energy Cross Timbers Hallwood Energy Forest Oil Prima Patina Oil and Gas Westport
No problem
I can show you what the difference is between Cheyenne Hub daily prices and CIG first of the month index prices , but that is kind of like apples and oranges . To clarify , you do not have to buy on Enron Online ( EOL) , we can quote you physical prices over the phone and you can use EOL for price discovery . You do not have to decide that now . My recommendation is the attached: Major changes are: Price - Gas Daily Cheyenne Midpoint plus $.05 Demand Charge- $6,000 per month In addition . Enron will provide market based pricing for additional volumes above 20,000 mmbtu All of this is of course subject to negotiation of the appropriate contracts and Enron's review of the PSCo transportation contract . Let me know what you think .
I wish I was that smart !
I only added one line , otherwise it looks good .
Let's set something up for monday
ENA and Crestone ( Northern Border's non-regulated affiliate ) met with a group of developers and Joe Meyer , Secretary of State in Wyoming , who have proposed to build a 200 MW power plant ( expandable to 500 MW ) in the Powder River basin of Wyoming . Their "angle" is that the existing utility , Powder River Electric Coop , cannot meet the demand for electricity and the necessary distribution infrastructure to maintain the pace of development in the Coal Bed Methane BOOM that is happening in the basin . As you may or may not know , Enron has been very involved in this Coal Bed Methane play since 1998 . ENA is the largest purchaser of 3rd party gas in the basin and Crestone is the largest non-producer gathering company in the basin . Crestone has a gathering trunkline located near their proposed site . The developers will be filing a petition to remove this area from the COOP's certificated territory in the next couple of weeks . There are obviously regulatory issues revolving around their ability to gain access to this "retail" market and the project would not be economically feasible as a merchant plant in the wholesale market . However , they seem to have some political backing . These developers recognize that they need Enron's assistance in developing this project on three main fronts: 1 . Power Marketing and Project development 2 . Gas Supplies and Pipeline access 3 . Regulatory and Transmission expertise Given the fact that Joe Meyer is the early favorite to be the next Wyoming Governor and we are trying to work well with the State of Wyoming , and we have a natural competitive advantage in this market from a gas supply and pipeline perspective , I would like to pursue this opportunity a little further . Therefore , I am wondering if I could get a Sr . Commercial Power Representative and a Regulatory Representative ( Steve Walton would be good since he will be on the Wyoming Energy Commission) , to attend a meeting in Denver with myself and the Crestone representatives sometime in the next 2 weeks . Please give me a call and I can elaborate on the opportunity or answer your questions . I don't want to make this email a novel ! Thanks a lot .
No changes to mine .
What time are you meeting today ? Do you want me to participate ?
We are going to do a month to month interupptible purchase agreement with Patina Oil and Gas . The gas will be delivered into Lost Creek . The price will be Gas Daily Cig Midpoint index flat . The flows will vary daily depending upon well production . I am not sure if we have an interruptible purchase agreement with Kennedyl Did Paul ask you to put together a wellhead purchase for Huber in the Powder River Basin ?
Plain vanilla intervention is fine .
Would Nov . 1 or 2 work for either of you ? Email me your fax number and I will fax you a copy of what the developers have given me . Thanks
I have to go to the management meeting in San Antonio on the afternoon of the 14th . Would it be possible to meet in Denver on the morning of the 14th ?
What is your fax number ? I will send you the project summary .
It works for me . Steve , would that be possible for you ?
Brian , I propose that we use the attached contracts for the bridge between our two term deals . Mark
These are draft versions of the interruptible purchase agreement and confirm for your gas into Fort Union . Think about what you what to do for term , volume etc . We will then add in the gathering charges . We are pretty flexible , so let me know what works for Patina . Thanks , Mark
Sue , Just wanted to let you know that we filed comments in support of Xcel's ability to manage price risk and be incentivized to do so . If you have questions about our comments , give me a call . Thanks , Mark
I would like to see you get on the Denver 1/2 day schedule . Any 12 hours you choose from 6:00 A . M . to 8:00 P.M .
No I am delerious because I am too poor to eat . It should be Lost Creek .
I told Alicia that she and the kids are eating way too much ! She told me that her Oils business is really taking off ! I think she may need to start turning tricks !
I will start to get you some good ones .
Can we meet next Tuesday on October 30th ? Afternoon is prefferable .
Could you check this out ? It should be on my Mastercard
We are reviewing the security tapes today . The tape doesn't lie !
May have to reschedule until the end of next week to bring Bruce to Houston . What does Thurs/Friday of next week look like .
Reminds of the old TLC days .
Worsley , you might even be able to find a woman with this kind of service . Or if you prefer I hear they have some cute goats .
I won't be available from2:00 to 2:45 mountain time
I bought in today I think that we are very near the bottom . Mid-teens has to be a good buy . Famous last words !
You scare me !
Don't tell her I sent you this .
This is still rough , but it is a little better .
Haven't heard form you in awhile . Thought you might find this funny .
What are the cost per trade ?
Actually I don't have your number .
I forwarded them our comments and characterized them as being supportive .
Really well . We are probably going to have another meeting on the 30th of October . Jake Thomas and Steve Walton are going to attend .
Either time is good . How long do you need .
Please check inot this
That seems really high ! What can we do to lower that ?
Anytime .
I didn't think you ever wore a bra !
Can you find out wha the average rental income is on one like this ?
Are they going to build it if it is not fully subscribed ? Or is Williams going to take the risk ? I wonder why Entergy is taking space ?
I am never big on utility guys . This guy seems to be very focused on Sumas compared to U.S . supplies . I think he is a want to be trader who got out of hand at a utility .
I spoke with Dale Sanders at Williams today . They seem very positive about the project at this point and have obviously spent a lot of money on right -of-way , regulatory filings , enviornmental and engineering work . I had previously put this project at a very low probablility , especially with the 900 MM/d Kern expansion in 2003 . I did not think that they would be able to get Williams Marketing to take a substantial part of this capacity . However , they are making the production company bear the costs of the capacity . Obviously that is the key to Williams being able to have a shot at making this project a reality . Williams is in negotiaitions to fill the other 175,000 mmbtu/d . I have to put that probability at still fairly low , but stranger things have happened , especially if Williams decides to go at risk for some portion of the 540 MM/d . Probably the entire project is still less than 50% but it is obviously something to monitor very closely . If the project gets built it will substantially effect the basis market for CIG and Northwest . Especially on the heels of the Kern River expansion . In addition , the Cheyenne market will definitely strengthen in the back years . Call if you want to discuss or have other ideas about how to monitor these developments .
The meeting will be around 1:00 . Just come to our office at 1200 17th St . Suite 2750 . Then we will go over to Crestone office . I anticipate that the meeting will last about an hour to an hour and half . Mark
I don't have a problem with it . I think he would be as good or better of a trader as some of the "kids" I have seen down there losing $30 MM . At least he has some concept of the physical market and how it works . I would think to get the best value he would have to be located in Houston for that role . Especially if Steve wants to "pick his brains" .
Can you see what this is and how we approve it ? Thanks
Not Bad
Barry it looks reasonable to me . I sure would like to add something sizable to the totals for Q4 . But I'm a pig that way !
I can't believe they are going to stop the employees from managing their investments through such a turbulent time . This will be a case study in how not to do things .
I am ready when you are .
Let's discuss
Please Review and let's discuss next steps . I would like to have the physical guys you met recently give this the smell test .
I can't pull up .
I will be out the 19th but should be in the 20th . Amy Felling should be your contact on the 19th . She is most familiar with our computer systems . The Enron North America offices are at 1200 17th St . Suite 2750 in Downtown Denver . The office is over 9,000 Square Feet but is currently under construction in order to sublease approximately half of that space . We currently have 6 employees . I believe that you have copied all of the Enron offices that I know of . The only other potential office is EOTT . Let me know if you need anything else .
I have to do a presentation on Spark Spreads for NOv 8th . I need your help putting it together and probably running the presentation for me . This may have some good info .
Let's get a new product .
I think they will struggle to get the 175 MM/d . Have you heard anybody else contemplating taking space on Western Frontier ?
Look at the weekly strategy product for producers . Let's see what one of these will look like for our customers .
That sounds good .
We are probably more interested in people who have more experience in the Western U.S . Preferably direct producer relationships and Rocky Mountain Utilities and Industrials . We don't do any trading in the Denver office . Thanks for the lead though .
Is this your final version ? If not , we need the final so we can get fundies to set up the updates .
Thanks for coming to Denver for the meeting . I know it seems like a longshot but if it happens I think we have an excellent shot at being involved in some respect . Thanks again . Mark
That sports email was great !
Are you saying that the U.S . Producers are hedging their Canadian Production with U.S . counterparties as opposed to Canadian counterparties ? Or are the decisions being made in the U.S . and executed in Canada ?
Just wanted to let you know how Brian was responding .
We decide to leave out the $ value in order to focus them on the structure . I do not see the conversation about option values on the pipe ?
Enron North America does transactions with the following companies which may be considered Enron Affiliates: Crestone Energy Ventures Bear Paw Energy Lost Creek Gas Gathering All three companies are primarily gas gathering companies .
I had not heard that there was a discussion today . However , since we ran the economics for Huber and discovered that Enron's books do not appropriately value the Permian capacity , we have been trying to convince BP that the value of the capacity is greater than the basis spread becase of the optionality associated with the variable costs of fuel and commodity . We used to have a model that the transport group used to use to value that optionality based upon the volatility of the basis spreads and the variable costs . Steph and Phil are running numbers to determine Enron's "extrinsic value" . We need to discuss how and what information we share with BP in order to convince them that the capacity is worth more than the value than that the outright basis markets . 
Brian is showing up at our office at 5:00 . We will be there soon after .
You know that ENA sold our pipeline assets to Northern Border Partners in Q3 of 2001 . That is what became Crestone . The list I gave you is of who we do business with now .
We usually see mostly regional basis deals out of our office . Especially with the bigger guys . We do some Nymex trades for our smaller producers . It seems the big guys use their banks for most of their basis . Thanks for the info .
You gotta see yhis ! Pass it on to other WGR alumni .
Make sure you read all the way through to Enron .
FYI guys
Please review the attached
It's pretty scary ! Shows the state of the industry , doesn't it ?
We have a very good relationship , and long term gas sale with Thermo Partners who manage the 270 MW Ft . Lupton facility . They have inquired as to Enron's interest in either buying the energy , tolling or buying the entire plant . The effective date would be July 2002 . The plant is currently under a QF contract with PSCo . Mike , I would like to see if you have some time on Monday afternoon to discuss the particulars and we can devise a game plan to get you connected with these guys . Let me know your availability . Thanks Mark
That gave us a good chuckle this morning .
These are the new days for the management conference .
I made one change .
Let's talk about logisitcs and your ability to manage your kids schedules with being gone from 7:00 to 6:00 everyday .
I have changed the dates and prices in these agreements , but those should be the only changes necessary . Let me know if either of you see any other changes that are necessary . Brian , let's get together this afternoon and see if we can organize our other capacity release transactions that need to be completed by December 1 . Does 3:00 your time work ?
Sorry
let's talk about this today at 3:30 .
Can you come in on friday for interviews ? Sometime around mid-morning is probably best . Let me know .
How is it going ? I was just checking in to see where you stood on the selection of your gas supplies .
Plan on a couple of hours . I am not sure about lunch . I may already have plans .
Let me knowif there is anything else you need from us .
Sounds like we are still in the hunt .
Thanks for the update , we will coordinate with Jason while you are out . As you evaluate the latest proposal , I understand that Huber may have credit concerns with Enron given all the rumors that are circulating . You know we are confident we will straighten things out soon . However , please understand that we are willing to do what is necessary to make Huber comfortable ( Pre-pay , Letter of credit etc) . If you have any questions just give me a call .
FYI . I told them we will address any credit concerns they may have .
I thought we discussed LC's and Prepays the other day and they were both options ?
FYI , for what it is worth , I spoke with Bryan Hassler today and he said "that everyone he has talked to" ( Reliant , Sempra etc. ) had told him that the market is very slow right now . For whatever that is worth .
Do you have an estimate for the cost for the Christmas Party ? Dow you want to split it pro-rata based upon headcount ?
You can bill us afterwords .
I knew I could count on your support .
Did you see what happened today ? We dropped to $7 but rebounded on rumors of a merger to $9 .
I'm sure it is sad . This is a lesson for those of us who are younger . DIVERSIFY !
Isn't it crazy ! I just have a hard time believing it is real . What have you been up to ?
I didn't know you were living in an apartment . When did this happen . What do you mean repair or rebuild ? I hate to hear about you and Nadine . That is too bad . Didn't she know you were a piece of shit when she married you ! I hate that these women forget that we have always been shitty . The kids are great ! Brock is finally becoming alot more fun . He and Lauren get along really well . Too hard to tell what will happen with Dynegy . Not sure I want to work for this new regime . I guess it all comes down to money . As always I'm still a whore .
Please add Jeff to the daily email .
Wow , I didn't know that you got flooded ! That's awful . I hate to see that you and Nadine have deteriorated to that point , but if it is over you just have to keep your head up and move on . If it was me , I think I would start looking for one of those Russian Mail Order brides . It will cost you a plane ticket and some braces but you won't have to buy a boob job because they all have great tits ! You can't be getting fat . Aren't you still running ? If not you need to start . If not for your body do it for your mind . It is the best thing for that !
This is sad , don't let him know I forwarded it to you .
Please add David Pozner to our distribution .
Please email David Pozner a 10 yr . curve by yr . for the following: Northwest Rockies
FYI We are planning on joining Crestone for a combined Denver Christmas party . The cost for our share will be approximately $1,000 . I know it is not cheap , but I think it is an important signal and morale booster which is critical at this time . We have a long way to go in this deal .
We would love to have you and Kim . Might even be some snow by then . Just let me know if you can make it so they can get a good head count .
Have you heard anything from the HR lawyers regarding our ability to fire her in the near future for poor performance ?
The following is a summary of the estimated costs of our buildout/subdivide project: Blueprints $6,000 Construction $70,000 Furniture $3,000 *Commisions were negotiated by Enron Realty We had a profit of roughly $70,000 on the sublease over the term of the lease and will save approximately $11,000 per month on the sublease .
The Crestone guys ar the Map guys . Really it is just WIC , CIG and Williams
Am I right about the WIC , CIG and Williams ?
December 14th . Friday Please join us .
This is what we discussed with Heidi a few months ago .
It's up to Paul Miller
This guy used to work for me , He is really strong on finance and analytics and structuring .
Here are our credit ratings vs . our competitors
Take this advice in the new year .
We are doing a gag gift exchange . Usually it is pretty good , so try and bring something .
Lucci reccomends www.matchmaker.com and www.russianbrides.com . Actually he's not sure those are right but he will get them for us .
Did you see Tim ?
Have you heard from FUGG on Enserco ?
This is an old one but still good .
I thought that was classic . Shamu Club . Haven't gotten the articles yet . Looking forward to our Vail trip to celebrate our anniverary this weekend . Nadine comes to our house today . When you come to our house for Xmas try to be here by Saturday afternoon . The party that Lenny and Laurie usually have may be at our house since they are in the middle of building their house . They are driving to Florida after xmas and want to stop and see you either on the way or on the way back . I gave the Dad's 1-800 number .
She is not strict at all , jsut curious . Let's see what she says .
I admire your constant devotion to your customers and your unending DESIRE to restore Enron to it's once great status . As always you are the consumate proffesional .
probably works depending on Huber .
Are you sending out Xmas cards . We usually do , and we usually send a small $25 gift to our best customers ( ones we make money off ) and those who do operational favors for us . There is an Enron card but it does not say Enron or we can order some . Probably $.75 plus postage and 150 cards . Gifts probably go to 20 customers for a cost of $500 - $600 . What do you think ? Mark
Run the math on this real quick . UGLY !
Very Interesting
As a follow up to the written warning on August 14 , 2001 to Heidi Dubose regarding her poor job performance I would like to submit the following commentary: Heidi's phone coverage is still very inadequate . I have had two discussions with her in the last 2 weeks regarding this . She consistently does not take messages properly . Most of the time all she tells us is the person's first name and that they are holding . When she does get the last name it is incorrect at least half of the time . She rarely gets the company name , and when she does it is incorrect or mispelled . The kitchen areas continue to be unkept and dirty . She has started to put the dishes in the dishwasher but she rarely unloads them . If she does it is after they have been in there for days . We continue to run out of office supplies and she does not consistently monitor the office needs . In summary , Heidi's performance has improved some since August 14 but that improvement is not seen on a consistent basis . She has not elevated her performance to the level which is required to manage the office .
that's great !
Thanks alot . Look forward to working with you .
Have a great time ! Great to hear from you .
Looks great ! Walk to the slopes , liquor stoe right below , bar acroo the street . It is right in the middle of the Lionshead village .
Barry is suggesting that we call David Oxley and make sure he got our Fed ex . Probably late morning .
Probably not .
Though tyou would find this interesting . You might want to get added to this email list .
Things are getting bad .
All of our producers have cut us off , and I hate to try and get them in a deal with us because I don't know if they will get paid . I would talk to Lee at BR , I know he is under water with the Canadian Hunter acquisition . You would be a major star at Hanover , any interest ? I think I would talk to Kinder Morgan . They have a lot of projects on the books , as well as Calpine . They really need gas help . Good Luck and stay in touch .
Updated
Tim Miller
Phone number
Did you talk to the agency ?
Sam , We will be moving to our new office space on Monday December 3rd . We will need you to help move our computers and install our new network equipment . Please direct bill our cost center for all of the expenses incurred for your services . Please contact me if you have any questions . Thanks Mark Whitt Cost Center # 107322
Thursday would be great .
Get to work on thursday .
If you have a minute , give us an update . We just want to protect our customers ASAP if we can . We would like to set up alternative purchasers for our producers .
We wre downgraded today and will probably go bankrupt in the next two days . You should probably not come in tomorrow . You can if you want but you may not get paid . Call me . 303-575-6473 .
We have to go to Little Bear . Opie Gone Bad is the band . They are back .
The temp that I hired started today and I would like to make sure she gets paid for today and tommorow . She knows that is all she can expect . Let me know if that is a problem .
I have been sick all week so it has limited my drinking ability . Plan on getting lit tonight . Industry response has been great towards us personally and we have quite a few options . It is possible that on Monday you will see an announcement on a sale of the trading company , or at least it's employment contracts . I will let you know what happens .
That is cool .
A hot dog at Enron Field cost . $3.00
I did but I didn't activate it . So I thought it wasn't any good anymore and threw it away .
I have forwarded this to our credit department .
Please also fax this letter to our credit war room in Houston . The # is 303-646-3227 .
Sorry you are correct . 713 is correct . It has been a long week . Thanks Mark
That was friday night .
Did he ever have any taste ?
The graduate has to buy drinks for all of her unemployed friends !
please download and make a backup copy .
Are you sure your info is correct ?
Please fax this to the fax number I provided last week .
That is the most fucked up situation I have ever seen in college sports .
Please disregard the first email . I made one slight change .
One Last time . I think this is correct .
Let me know when they show up .
We are getting paid to si and do nothing. . Now I know what it feels like to be Bujnoch .
I am sitting in on this . They are telling us what we need to do to get money in the current enviornment .
Let's discuss .
Potentially I have a job , reallisticly I don't !
Can I change my delivery option to expedited ground ?
This is what I sent Doug .
Please email us the proper forms and the Process Diagram for the payment requests . Theresa Staab will be the point person for the Denver office and I will be her backup . Cell 303-807-3961 Cell 303-807-6131
FYI This will be the cash payment process .
Whos hsould we send this to ?
I have not heard anything from Kevin or Clifford . Have you spoken to either one of them ?
We are at 1200 17th ST . Suite 2750 . The building is the Tabor Center . Kevin Williams 303-674-9782 I will lwt you know if I hear back form them . But it is a good idea if you give them a call . You may have seen the Qwest announcements yesterday . Not good . 7,000 more layoffs . See you monday .
Please approve the attached invoices for Qwest . These bills need to be paid in order to keep the Denver office phones operating . Mark Whitt
Thanks alot .
I received an invoice from Corestaff for the day that Christina worked . Do I need to do something with the invoice , or will she be paid automatically ?
NO just FYI .
Nice and simple . I like that . Have a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year . Have you though about applying for the ND position . You can lie on your resume as good as anybody !
The play was great ! Always fun to be the proud father . We enjoyed having you and would love to do it again . Stay in touch ! Mark
Thanks for the call . Please find my attached resume .
Everything is ok , just boring . Went to the Diamond cabaret for lunch . We are heading to Texas for Xmas but I doubt we will get to Houston . Interviewing alot but also waiting on the sale . We have been promised it will be a good deal . Oh well , not much else to do . Take care and thanks for the note .
Please save this attachment . It is my resume and I would like to have it with me during the holidays in case I need to send it out . Thanks , Mark
The place to find the tarriff is at
