Have you sent our form of guaranty since we're wasting time reviewing several different formats ? This should always be our first approach . Also , you had best advise the company that we will not provide an unlimited guaranty ( unless you've agreed otherwise) . SS
Per my voice mail . Please call ASAP . Thanks . SS
Mark , I mentioned this problem several weeks ago . Did you ever respond to Willie's most recent inquiry ? Sara
ECT and Sonoco entered into a one- year "plastics" swap which terminated on March 31 , 1999 . Doug Friedman ( plastics trader ) has asked that ECT formally demand $60,000 from Sonoco for underpayment on the swap . Sonoco has claimed the existence of a Market Disruption resulting from price reformation in the plastics publication "Monthly Petrochemical & Pleastics Analysis" which caused it to use a differenct Floating Price calculation . ECT disagrees as to the existence of such an event . Doug will contact me this week to review our approach . Please give me a call . Thanks . Sara
I spoke with John Nassos . He said that the company just hired a treasury/credit person last week ( and that was the holdup on negotiating the ISDA) . Mr . Nassos has my phone number and all I can do is wait to hear from him or his outside counsel . Sara
As you may already know , Shari Stack will be handling this for ECT . SS
check voice mail message . need GT&C to make this go . ss
As we discussed last week , ECT is sending a demand letter to Sonoco for the underpayment of $60,000 . I need the attachment which I have identified as merely Exhibit "A" to appear on a single sheet of paper ( legal is fine) . We discussed your revision to cover the entire term of the swap AND revisions to the month of January , 1999 to reflect ECT's floating price as . 33 ( which will cause changes to the invoice amount and difference columns) . Also , instead of the term "Sonoco Price" , I would prefer the caption "Floating Price recognized by Sonoco" . Please call if you have questions . Thanks . Sara
I'll send you a FedEX tonight with my seminar enclosures . Thanks . Sara
Yes , I need the chart to reflect EACH MONTH during the term of the transaction . Sara
Can you eat lunch at 11:45 ? SS
This evening , ECT faxed comments to counterparty's proposed ISDA to both John Joel and Douglas Marshall . We also resent the Credit Support Annex because counterparty never commented on ours and failed to include one . John Joel called me this morning to determine when the lawyers could speak . I told him to schedule a conference call because ECT was ready and was faxing comments today . I haven't heard from him . SS
You should receive the FEDEX package today . I also had a short page of bullet points for insertion ( which I'll e-mail ) but I was waiting to hear back from Chris Foster . Thanks . Sara Did you have comments on the bullet points ? Sara
FYI . Maybe this relates to your PG&E counterparty .
need to markup and return to Chris
Attached is a redraft of your letter . RMT knows nothing about the execution or termination of any collar between Elektro and WestLB ( since RMT was not a party to that transaction) . Also , we have been unable to internally trace the source of the $387,250.00 received by RMT . We are trying to trace this through Chase and expect an answer on Thursday ( if we're lucky) . Otherwise , call me about the letter . Sara
Attached is our form of confirm with attached Annex A ( general terms and conditions) . Assume the confirm is governed by Texas law . Most counterparties sign the confirm and fax it back to us WITHOUT the attached Annex A . Is this sufficient under Texas law as having received the "executed" confirmation ? Do we need to modify our language incorporating the Annex A ? Thanks . Sara ( 713/853-5620 )
Yes , I have received your message . I had lunch with Monty , Keith and my dad at the Big G and it was wonderful . Then I dragged Lawyers Daigle and Burlingame to the offices of Gordon , Arata , et al to say hello to Guy Wall . We only stayed for a few minutes and the old firm sure looked the same . The weather in N.O . was perfect and I also had dinner at Emeril's and a catered meal by P . Prudhomme , both of which were excellent . Things are rocking along here . I am actually going to have that eye surgery next Friday ( I'm 85% convinced to do it) . It only takes a short time and I can't drive to the clinic myself but I can drive the following day . Maybe they'll come up with something to help my brain . Back to N.O. , I also had drinks with Paul Dubroc . I guess you heard that Neel Roberts has been receiving treatments at M.D . Anderson . ( So is Julia Heintz's mother , by the way) . Robert Soniat ( a lawyer in N.O. ) recently died of liver cancer . I have been for long weekends to Phoenix and N.Y . It snowed in Phoenix ( it was supposed to be 80 degrees ) and I caught the 24-hour bug in N.Y . So , Carson , what's new with you?????????????????????????? ?
Lisa Palmer and I had a conference call with the Xerox lawyer and commercial person . The main issues are the following: No CSA ( claim to have over 40 ISDA Masters none of which contain CSA's ! and not set up to handle collateral ) Rating downgrade is a Termination Event . ( Maybe they'll agree to our posting MUST have cross-acceleration ( POLICY) . Guess what else ? NO NETTING ( can't handle netting internally ) Otherwise , Xerox is cool .
Just got off the phone with the lawyer . We have only minor comments and he needs to check with his credit people regarding the collateral threshold . I will wait to hear back before sending out a revision . Sara
Per: You don't need to do a thing ! Sorry for not getting back to you sooner . Have a good weekend . Sara
We're still trying to trace the wire . And Elaine is happy with my new letter ( so far) . I'll keep you posted . SS
Hey , Carson ! Sorry to hear about you and Melissa but I know that life can always get better ( if you let it) . I've finally finished my two-year project of replacing most of my landscaping with "native plants." Of course , I'm rarely home to enjoy them but everything looks great on the weekends . I'm dying under a load of work here but I know better than to complain too much . GO ROCKETS !
Irene: Due to the lateness of discussions at Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. , I did not send any documents to you this evening . However , I do have two different sets of drafts to send to you in the morning . I have an ISDA without an annex ( collateral built into the Schedule ) and an ISDA with an annex . We have had discussions regarding the use of Letters of Credit and Surety Bonds as acceptable forms of collateral and I may need some additional time to resolve the issues . I will contact you early tomorrow to deliver docs and establish a timeline ( if possible) . Thanks . Sara
Under "Legal Issues . .." , the fourth bullet point: capitalize the words "Exemption" and "Eligible Swap Participant" . I'll be in the office for the next few days if something comes up . Sara
Rod: Will we agree to this ? Do you want to call this person ? or should I ?
London traders are transacting from London in the names of both ECT(Houston ) and ECTRIC(London ) with DAPSA and Sempra . The deal tickets are still being sent to Houston for confirmation preparation ( rather than from London where the trade is actually consummated) . With respect to Sempra , we were previously advised that Sempra would not transact directly with ECTRIC absent a Master but this cannot be accurate because some Sempra deal tickets recite ECTRIC's name . This message is FYI if there are no regulatory issues involved . Houston will certainly document back-to-back internal transactions . Sara
Dan: please see if the attached draft works . My extension is 35620 . Sara
We have finally agreed as the content of letter and I may need Gary to sign it . Do you happen to have a copy of an agreement signed between ECT ( or RMT ) and EI as to this deal ? SS
Attached is a copy of the letter that Dan is currently reviewing . Sara
The draft you received has been approved by Dan . If you would like this executed , please let me know . Sara
letter on ECT letterhead and signed
Thanks so much for you help ! I can't begin to tell you how many phone calls I've had from people all over the world on this tiny matter . Sara
I spoke with Joann Bigwood at Harvard and she will negotiate the agreement . We will comment to their prior draft . I'm in CA until Thursday . SS
Tom Kabat , Senior Resource Planner , Resource Management Division for the City of Palo Alto , Utilities Department , gave me his card yesterday and said he wanted to get an ISDA started for future trading . He asked if we had ISDA's with any other cities , that is , it might make his job easier . Are you guys sending follow-up letters to the attendees ? SS Phone: 650/329-2659 Fax: 650/326-1507
Keep this for future reference . Sara
FYI
( 1 ) Susan sent PSE&G a sample ISDA on 5/5/99 ( 2 ) I spoke with attorney on 5/13/99 and am awaiting further credit info from the CP before turning around a draft . By copy of this e-mail , I am asking Susan to follow up and report back to you . Sara
Will you follow up with this guy ? Great seminar . I enjoyed your talk . SS
Sheer volume ! ( has kept me from being up to date) . It's at the top of the list and I promise it by next week . I do need to speak with you about this Duke issue which has apparently created some confusion over here . Seems to me there are three issues here: ( 1 ) ECT's consent toDuke Energy Trading and Marketing LLC releasing the master to its affiliate , ( 2 ) credit's assessment of trading with two Duke entities and ( 3 ) issues particular to trading power in Argentina ( if any) . Who is in charge of addressing Duke ? SS
jointly to Morris Clark and Steve Douglas
What is Merrill ?
Credit needs to initiate ( and it may have to be London credit ) but Tanya Rohauer will know . FYI - London told us that Sempra "will not trade with ECT International." SS
I haven't sent it yet .
I'll call . Sara
My fax number is ( 713 ) 646-3490 . SS
Per your voice mail , attached is a format for an ISDA collar . This form has not been finalized by legal but contains the essential elements for a collar transaction . You can eliminate the account info and set up as per usual ISDA format . Sara
Karola Pearce ( inhouse lawyer ) just returned my call . PG&E has created a NEW document ( that is , we should ignore everything previously negotiated ) and will FEDEX to us this week . I hope we can negotiate the new document quickly . Let me know if you have any questions . Sara
Left voice mail for Miriam Radach at Sherman & Sterling . I'll let you know when I hear back from her . SS
Libby Rutherford would appreciate a short explanation from you regarding the cross default threshold . She was interested in knowing which financials we were reviewing together with the explanation . Our latest draft provides all parties with $100 million . Libby's e-mail address is: rutherford@pg.com
I spoke with Marsha Greenblatt ( Sempra's trading lawyer) . She was unaware of any issues with Sempra's dealing with ECTRIC but recognized that ( i ) this is a credit decision and ( ii ) trading with ECTRIC has occurred . Sempra does have a London trading operation so maybe the London traders for both of our respective companies have been transacting . Of course , all confirms she reviewed were with ECT/Sempra ( except for one or two ECTRIC confirms) . Based upon our recent ECT/ECTRIC internal conversation , I don't anticipate further confusion . Thanks for everyone's attention to this matter . Sara
ADDENDUM: I received a phone call from the Sempra lawyer this afternoon . She said that Sempra has no problems trading with ECTRIC .
Please follow up on NY Elec & Gas because they'll never call back . SS
Prior trades already confirmed last week . Sorry .
SUPER CONGRATULATIONS ! SS Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
SUPER congrats!! ! Can I buy you lunch before the millenium ? SS
Did you understand my message ? Please give me a call . S
It seems that Miriam Radach has been transferred to Sherman & Sterling's Washington D.C . office . She is working with a NY associate named Jennifer Kumble . The lawyers had a lot of issues to discuss with Tiger and should give us comments next week . Have a nice holiday ! I'm going to Baton Rouge to watch the tigers ( LSU! ) play ball . Sara
Let's catch up when you're ready . 1 . Received NEW draft from Pacific Gas & Electric . Need to do ISDA comparison . 2 . Susan is out JUNE 1 and "Columbus Dispatch" needs to be finalized . We sent blackline Friday afternoon . Details will happen Tuesday morning . 3 . Let's talk .
FYI
Looks fine to me . SS
Please put on my calendar . SS
FYI
I had a VERY long call with the two lawyers . I would say for the most part that Tiger will reconsider many of our provisions now that the lawyers understand our position . Big issues: arbitration ( I need an explanation in order to go to our general counsel ) Limitiation of Liability All else is negotiable . SS
Since the Master is drafted for ECT/TBS , what does your message mean in terms of moving the ISDA , guaranty and side letter along ? As I mentioned to Ted , what EI or an EI project company does outside of the ECT swap is not something that I can track . Thanks . SS
I just received this message from Mark . Let's talk and I can see what I can do . I'm not aware of any written broker agreements used by ECT for trading other than those for futures and equities . I can check on the physical side . SS
I have an 8:40 am eye doctor appointment tomorrow morning . SS
Attached is a draft list of items for review . Some of the items require immediate document revisions; others require policy decisions before revising the documents . Please edit and refine . Mark suggested that we confer and come up with specific recommendations . Once we create a list , let's try to meet on one or more occasions to discuss . SS
Attached is my list of financial power deals . Are there others ?
I don't know why you never received this message !
yes
You should contact ECT's counterparties periodically throughout the negotiation process , as warranted . Please call NYSEG to follow up . Also , Carol is reviewing the PSE&G comparison so please call her and you guys can review the ISDA together . If you are uncertain as to how to keep in touch with our counterparties , please chat with me . Thanks . SS
FYI
The draft is ready to go but we need one ( 1 ) item from credit . Hopefully , this should be resolved within the hour ! Do you want a copy ? SS
Just received this message this very minute . The draft already went . Sorry .
Susan should have already checked with the counterparty . SS Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Sorry for the extreme delay in getting back to you . I have not forgotten and will get to this as soon as possible . Sara
Trying to set up conference call with Tiger ( will advise) . Enron Corp . lawyer out of town until tomorrow afternoon; trying to find another Corp . lawyer to review the guaranty . Also , received e-mail from Harvard asking when I'd respond . Is this just a routine request ? SS
I'm always in town . Just let me know when you're going to be downtown . Nothing new here either ! Just work , work , work . I hope to get away for the fourth but one never knows . SS Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
As we just discussed . SS
I will have the letter executed . I changed references in third to last paragraph to read "ECT" rather than "Enron" and replaced Bill Coffman's name wtih Robert Loughran , ext . 142 . Do you assume responsibility to transmitting to Canadian immigration or do we ? Please explain the process . Thanks . Sara
the lawyer , of course ! SS
am I nuts ?
That will work just fine ! Just let me know where to meet . SS Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
It's OK this time . The Determination Period in this confirm is confusing; exchange-based price sources should be tied to the delivery month/Determination Period .
With respect to this counterparty , you may continue to agree to these IDENTICAL early termination provisions until otherwise notified by credit . SS
When do I get to see you ? What are you doing for the fourth ? When are you going to visit Miami ? When do you want to eat sushi ? SS
Per my voice mail , attached are replacement changes for paragraph 2 of confirms for the referenced products . SS
When you return from your trip , please follow up with respect to your entry to Canada through Calgary . We are revising your letter and Kevin Zemp will be available to assist you through immigration with the appropriate officers . SS
I'm busy today and tomorrow . But I'll book up to 60 days in advance ( like the French Laundry in Napa ) for you . SS
I know that we try to limit the provisions but we should consider: 1 . confidentiality ( in the miscellaneous section , perhaps ) 2 . setoff where there is no early termination date ( is this covered by NY/TX state setoff laws? ) I'll try to meet with Carol and Shari next week to develop a list of issues/recommendations for you . We may come up with more omnibus items . SS
I am currently reviewing . Jeff H . will respond re: necessity for Fallback .
Could I please have a copy of the final ? SS
Of course it works ! Had lunch just now with Carson Llewellyn . He's in private practice in Houston and said things had slowed down a bit here . Have a great weekend . SS
I want to join .
I have three utililities almost ready to go; we were sorting through issues related to Canadian regulated entities . SS
Thanks !
I have three Canadian utilities almost ready to go; checking Canadian legal issues . Sara
It was and my apologies . Sara
Don't worry
Per our conversation , I'll be happy to assist Lucy during your absence . Sara
Per my voice mail , attached is the short letter I originally approved to explain the situation . Thanks for your help . Sara
Thanks for your help ! I'll let you know what I learn . SS
Am reviewing now . SS
I know they approved the opinion but it is redundant . I'll show you what I think should be changed . SS
Sure . Also , this confirm needs to be tracked b/c counterparty needs to fulfill a condition for ECT . SS
Attached is a suggested form of opinion . Let me know if you have any questions . Sara
left you a voice mail . Have we ever done a basis swap with Phibro or the UK entitiy ? What is the payment date ? This deal concluded about a month ago .
After our meeting , I also agreed to provide suggested language for hedge funds . It is attached .
Attached is an updated list of issues based upon our meeting of July 2 , 1999 .
Of course I received this except that it arrived at 9:40pm last night . The mansion was FAB ! and we bought a Piero Fornasetti table ( that belonged to Stanley Marcus ) at a neat shop called Collage . I am currently into Danish modern and bought a Poul Kjaareholm chair at the annual Knoll sale ( and I know that the owner of Collage is Danish [modern!!!]) . Star Canyon was outstanding and we had a delicious bottle of pinot from Williams & Selyems ( which we had been trying to locate) . And , yes , we went to a museum with Mike's mother and then for Mexican food . We also saw "Run , Lola , Run" which is a cool German film with English subtitles . I wish you would show Mother how to send e-mail and just get to search engine like Yahoo ! so that she could check her stock portfolio periodically . I spoke with Daddy this morning but he had to cut me off as usual . See you soon , dahling ! CALL ME when you get this message . Sass
Left you a voice mail . Check with Stacy or Jeff . Is Janice back ?
a basis swap ? A CFD is merely a swap !
Please put on my calendar with respect to "POLAND"
Let's schedule a time to talk . Sara
Do I have to diall in for this conference call ?
Could I arrange a very short conversation with you regarding the May 28 , 1999 memo from Jorge Brito Pereira ? I would like to discuss your analysis and any further actions which the local firm may be taking on ECTRIC's behalf . I have a paper trade with a Portuguese corporate pending receipt of an enforceability opinion acceptable to ECT . I'm not sure if we'll get there . I'm interested in further discussions you may have had internally or externally . Sara
Is that desk doing options ( NOT SWAPTIONS!) ? Why are you asking ? There are many issues on the paper desk regarding options . Sara
I want to have the Canadian lawyer finalize docs in a timely manner . Please advise me of your plans . Thanks , Sara
This applies to all counterparties !
Attached is a form ( NOT OFFICIALLY APPROVED ) for use with the omnibus . It is different from the version which you e-mailed to me earlier . SS
Attached is a "high volume" counterparty list for two categories . With respect to the first category , Carol is handling BPAmoco and I am speaking with Cargill . Should we address Neumin ? And should we actively try to replace existing ECT masters with ISDA's ? Sara
Anita: It was great hearing from you and it sounds as though you have lots going on ! I am trying to refresh myself on the type of trading activity which is currently taking place in Singapore ( physical vs . financial , types of commodities ) and the confirmation procedures ( what is confirmed in Singapore vs . what is confirmed in London) . Is there a written set of procedures that I can see ? Should I be asking this question of Paul Simons ? anyone else ? Please send me an e-mail . These issues are arising because of my involvement in working with the Brazilian office . Thanks . Looking forward to speaking to you soon . Sara
Carol St . Clair has the VEPCO proposed guaranty in hand and will contact you soon . Thanks for reminding me . Sara
Will send the MARKUP of the Axel Johnson Inc . guaranty later today . I have inserted several provisions . SS Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Hope you had a great vacation ! Please let me know when you have some time so that we can talk about Brazil . I'm trying to update the info that Yao left me and I am now being called by Gary Hickerson's group for a progress report . Sara
Hello there ! I know that you are out of the country . Thanks for forwarding the message from Andre Cangucu . I have been through your materials but do not find any involvement you may have had with specific swaps; the items I found were generic and were in the form of law firm memoranda ( e.g. , "Derivatives and FX Transactions in Brazil" , "Trading with Brazilian Counterparties" , etc.) . Am I missing something ? Look forward to seeing you soon . Sara
Per my voice mail , please contact me regarding swaps and other derivative activity in Brazil . I am replacing Yao Apasu as the Houston based trading lawyer . Houston/Buenos Aires have been in contact with lawyers at Tozzini regarding financial trading matters . Would like to discuss issues with you . Are ;you talking about OTC or exchange traded swaps ? commodity ? equity or fixed income ? Please call and send your fax number . Thanks . Sara phone: 713/853-5620 fax: 713/646-3490
I remembered ! Do we have access to the website(s ) of the publications which we receive in order to do searches ? We must have a password . Thanks . Sara
Hello ! Please send me your fax number . I have a list of "Final and Proposed Regulations" which needs to be updated . I would like to fax you the list . Thanks . Sara
I spoke with Kevin Zemp this morning and he will e-mail docs to me for review . I'll keep you posted . Sara
Attached is a new letter for the July 17 payment which ECT owes Sonoco . Please review for accuracy . If it's OK , one of us can fax ( with the settlement statement ) on the payment date . Thanks . Sara
FYI: split effective for stockholders as of 7/23/99; 2 for 1; as I write this stock dropping . Your analysis , Doctor ? SS
I have not heard from Andre Cangucu ( although he opened the e-mail yesterday) . I will contact him again . I sent the index of final and draft resolutions to Andrea on July 12 for updating . Can you schedule some time to speak with Andrea ? Thanks . Sara
Before I respond to Shari , I would like to chat with you , please . Thanks . Sara
Brent , Andrea and I had a "status" conversation this afternoon . Brent will go to Sao Paulo on July 20 to meet with Andrea , Randy and commercial people . Andrea has requested that you and I go to Brazil after July 28 when the outside lawyer is back from vacation . In general , the three of us are conforming and updating physical resolutions ( final and proposed ) and identifying additional research necessary to address the financial trading issues . These are related to specific deals originating in Brazil ( which are truly settled financially , e.g. , a purported prepay where no physical commodity was to be delivered ) and issues arising here in Houston ( e.g. , the Hickerson request for fixed income , FX and equity trading) . Brent will be discussing pending transaction structures while in Sao Paulo . It appears that Brent is the "point person" for dealing directly with the Sao Paulo office and he will bring me in as necessary ( although I will be dealing frequently with Andrea) .
I'm swamped . SS
Greetings ! Hope there's no confusion about my role in Brazil . I'm replacing Yao Apasu in the derivatives area and I thought he was more involved in the process than he apparently was . I'll be taking direction from Brent and will be available as needed . Thanks . Sara
Still waiting to hear from you . Attached is a refinement of your proposal but I don't know if it accurately describes what you want . SS
Looks like our counterparty did not have authority to transact . SS
We still have outstanding issues under French law . Netting Transactions may not be possible ( i.e. , may not be enforceable ) with any of the French counterparties even if you have an ISDA in place . If netting is not a concern , then we can have separate and unrelated transactions . Are you going to push an ISDA for SITA ? Let's discuss . Michael will have to encourage his counterparties to respond to our French counsel; SITA never did . Sara
Please review and let's talk . Thanks . SS
Hope all is well . How do I get in touch with you ? Sara
There was a flurry of activity in March , 1997 involving Petron but it was on the physical side and we never made it to the swap issues . Again in April , 1998 , Manuel and John Enerson began looking into the issue of gaming statutes in an effort to attack legislation in the Philippines . No further legal work was ever attempted . Hope this helps . Regards . SS
Andrea Bertone forwarded the recent memo about the new Brazilian Regulatory Affairs' Database . I can access the index through Enron's intranet but I receive the message that Netscape cannot acces the address " when I try to access one of the six parts of the database . I am an ECT user ( not Enron Development) . Can you help me to access the site or tell me what I need to do to view legislation , documents , etc. ? Thanks very much . Sara
Thanks for your response . My prior message to you was in error because I did enter the correct address . For example , I can get to the screen that says "Documents" but when I click on one of the choices , I get a message that says "Netscape is unable to locate the server ei-sp-data01 . Please check the server name and try again." Am I doing something wrong ? Should I simply call the Helpdesk here in Houston ? Thanks . Sara
Please let me know if you think that this works for Canada . Sara
RE: Deal Nos . EY 6926 ECT does NOT have a master with The Dow Chemical Company . Are these trades booked on an omnibus ? I am not certain that credit approved these trades . Are they all propane ? We need to discuss . SS
FYI . Let's talk later . SS
All trades were originally confirmed in the name of Dow Hydrocarbons and Resources Inc . The Dow trader ( Mike Blillings ) subsequently contacted the desk and requested that all trades be booked in the name of "The Dow Chemical Company" . Mary Gosnell contacted Cathy Tudon in credit and Cathy approved the changes . Let me know if you have any comment for the desk . SS
The confirmation desk recently received a call from Mike Billings who I believe is your Dow trader . Mike is trying to trade financially under the name "The Dow Chemical Company" . ECT SHOULD CONTINUE TO TRADE FINANCIALLY WITH "DOW HYDROCARBONS AND RESOURCES INC" ( the party that ECT has a Master Agreement with) . ECT will NOT agree to change the counterparty on any future trades . When you speak with Mike Billings , you may alert him to this . Thanks . Sara
If I call you at 3:30 pm Houston time , will you be available ? SS
Suggested conditional language ( not knowing rest of paragraph): 1 . On or before July ___ , 1999 , Counterparty and ECT shall execute an ISDA Master Agreement and ISDA Credit Support Annex ( the "Master Agreement") . 2 . Contemporaneously with the execution of the Master Agreement , Counterparty shall amend this Transaction and Transaction ____ ( each a "Prior Transaction" ) to provide that ( a ) each Prior Transaction shall be governed by and subject to the Master Agreement , ( b ) any Annex B or Annex B-1 supplementing the confirmation of each Prior Transaction shall be terminated as of the effective date of the Master Agreement and the provisions of the Master Agreement shall then govern each Prior Transaction and ( c ) certain language contained in the confirmation of the Prior Transactions shall be changed from ( i ) "Determination Period" to "Calculation Period" , ( ii ) "Alternate Floating Price Source" to "Fallback Reference Price" , ( iii ) and any reference to "Floating Price Source" shall be deleted . PS Dale , please read and let me see in connection with the rest of the economic terms
My fax number is 713/646-3490 . Thanks . SS
Here's the info for documentation . Please call . Sara
I am advised by the EI help desk in Houston that I must obtain EI security clearance before I can be granted access to this database . Are you able to assist me by sending a message to EI security ? Thanks . Sara
I need your expertise . Attached is only a start . SS
Received copy of deal ticket . What's going on ? Sara
Jeff says Floating Price language is ok . SS
FYI - here's the info I just received from the "ECT trader" in Buenos Aires!!!!!!! !
FYI
I've been working with our desk to create draft confirm which Brent received yesterday . Should I be dealing with Julian ? SS
Please review the attached letter and comment . I'll be glad to sign or would you prefer ? Sara
When you have execution copies ready , have Kaye type on letter for me to sign . Thanks . SS
I'll review the guaranty after lunch . Have we sent our comments back ? Lisa just did a 5-year deal with Xerox!!!!!!!! ! ss
FYI
We are still waiting to hear from you about the confirm . Please call or
There is no message here . Sara
I have an allergist appointment at 8 am on Monday . I should be in by 9 or shortly thereafter . SS
FYI - please put entry in Lotus Notes . ss
SAS is thinking about you ( even if you are not in your office) . What's going on ? Just tried to call but the line was busy . Remember when we put on plays ? Did I always interview you ( as mother) ? You had a great wig . Remember the lyrics to "The Egg" ? Wanna do another play ? SAS
The last time that we spoke , ECT was not going to hold the risk on its books . If there is a back-to-back , which of the six "Enron Argentina" entities ( or some other Enron company ) will the transaction be with ? Sara
Did you receive my voice mail yesterday about Pacific Corp ? Portland wants draft ISDA to proceed with monetization for this project . SS
What have you decided about Dow going forward ? Please call . SS
I spoke with Dale Neuner ( confirm desk ) a few minutes ago . It seems that Scott Neal sent the deal ticket to EI and not ECT . We have retrieved the ticket and Dale is talking to Scott about having the deal entered into trade capture . Dale is in touch with Brent and will advise when deal has been entered . SS
Let's eliminate future problems with Dow and their trader Mike Billings . Credit has given the O.K . to trade in the name of The Dow Chemical Company . We will document trades on the "omnibus" UNLESS we are able to negotiate an ISDA with the counterparty . Tell Mike Billings that we will not keep changing from "Dow Hydrocarbons and Resources , Inc." to the parent company . We waste too much time and energy . Call if you have questions . Sara
The Trade Date should be July 23 , 1999 .
Rod: Did you have a chance to speak with Dale ? SS
Rod Nelson from credit was to speak with you first . Once Rod generates a credit worksheet , I can spin a draft over to you . Sara
No I had not . I'm no up on DJ and The Bond Buyer currently requires subscription . Let me know what you learn . Sara
I think you ought to get the Canadian utilities out today ! Sara
Lucy: Please send me the redraft of this document for my files . Thanks . SS
Are any of these yours ? What's the status ? We need to respond . SS
I only know what Dale told me . I have no idea who else is involved . SS
ASAP - what's going on ? SS
have we ever agreed to this ( charge interest for different Payment Dates ) for early payments ( i.e. , earlier than our usual 5 days after the Floating Price is determinable) ? SS
You haven't forgotten about the credit worksheet ? SS
Click on doc for language . SS
Pat: Would you please give Marie a call so that she can update Lotus Notes ? I'll be talking with Brent later today . Thanks . SS
Marie is checking with Pat Cini for latest update . We sent this master on 6/23/99 . Also , looks like Pat told you about Empresa . SS
Please advise when you guys are ready for the back-to-back . SS
This is actually the PacificCorp master which should be redrafted on our new form . There is a RUSH on this and Dale Rasmussen would like to have the master ( I would check with him first to see if this should go to anyone else) . SS
Attached are revised worksheets . We may sign these deals as early as late today or tomorrow . Call if you have questions . SS
I spoke with Mark and ( after checking one point in the a.m . on jury duty ) he thinks that the week of August 16 is preferable for the visit . I will verify this first thing in the morning . SS
Do you have further information about your pending trip to Canada ? I am reviewing the final letter prepared by Kevin Zemp and he is trying to coordinate with Calgary authorities . I may be out of town during the week of Aug . 16 and I want your trip to run smoothly . Give me a call sometime . Thanks . Sara
We would like the opinion to address Section 19(i ) of the Accord . Please call . Sara Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Hope this is still on hold . Did Janelle ever prepare a deal ticket ? SS
Can you give me a call on Friday ? Gary Hickerson came by to talk about equity trading . SS
Rod will be available at 3 pm to discuss . SS
Sorry for the last minute ( general unavailability of attendees) , but I have arranged a meeting to discuss general issues on the paper & pulp desk at 2 pm in EB 38C2 . Dale Neuner , Tanya Rohauer , Rudi Zipter , Ted Murphy should be attending . Please call me if you have any questions . Sara
I know it's on your list . I'm only sending this message so that I don't forget ! ss
FYI - We have not received anything . Have you ? ss Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
FYI
Gary is going to provide me with a list of OTC products for priority trading . He has been in discussions with tax and structuring in Houston for the S . Cone . The group has considered ( i ) trading onshore , ( ii ) trading as a sub of Elektro ( and can this be a sub of an offshore entity? ) and ( iii ) trading offshore . They have studied the CC5 account requirements and have had conversations wtih JP Morgan and BofA . There appears to be little communication with anyone in Brazil and Joe Kishkill is going to Sao Paulo next week . I'll be more specific in a day or so . I'm still having problems tying into the database ( this is ridiculous!) . Did you receive my voice mail ? SS
OK , this is hot off the press . Tanya: our Performance Impairment language limited the collateral call to 1.1 times outstanding exposure . The collateral was defined only as Letters of Credit and the issuing bank was at least A- S&P rated . As to the Threshold , well , you can read the response . Please let me know how you would like to proceed .
Paul was too nervous using the local firm of Tindall & Foster . Kevin Zemp was recommended by our Calgary office . Kevin refined the prior information and will "pre-clear" Paul with authorities for Paul's trip entering through Calgary around 8/24/99 . Do you have any comments to the new attachment ? SS
Without having more detail , I do know that Gary is interested in trading from Houson ( if at all possible) . ss
Yes , please call . I actually commented to Edmund on this confirm last Friday and he apparently took none of my suggestions . Sara
Please note in Lotus Notes . ss
Finalizing flight plans here . Will you be flying to B.A . with us from Sao Paulo ? If so , will you arrange for transportation from the airport ? My assistant Kaye should have our flight info and can coordinate with you . Thanks . It looks as though Andrea B . is coordinating with the business people and outside counsel .
FYI
Looks fine to me . SS
Did a swap 2002-2008 term with BofA . Please send confirm to me upon receipt . Need to negotiate early termination . Thanks . SS
Would you please convert this doc ? SS
Just to update you: 1 . I think that our travel plans are fairly well set and I know that Kaye has spoken with you on several items . 2 . Mark wanted to be sure that in Sao Paulo , meetings were being scheduled with outside counsel ( which I believe Andrea is handling) , with Randy Young ( can you attend to that please? ) and ESA necessary commercials ( Andrea handling?) . 3 . Mark wanted to make certain that we got on Don Black's calendar while in B.A . Could you look into that as well ? For my own edification , who are Luiz Maurer and Orlando Gonzalez ? Please let me know if there is anything elso you need form me . I'll bring you up to date on Hickerson shortly . Thanks , Sara
Attached is a template for an ISDA swap . I will fax a copy of a "real" financial power Transaction ( which is routine as opposed to a structured deal!) . Call if you have any questions . SS
FYI - comments were sent to Duke and Duke's NY lawyer today . I doubt that there will be any issues . SS
PLEASE HEAR MY VOICE MAIL ! This is a project for RMT ! SS
Thanks for the faxed info . Do you have access to the Dow Jones Interactive news service ? We just recently added it in Houston . SS
I located a confidentiality agreement dated Dec . 16 , 1998 with Terry B . Wilcock re: proposed intro of ECT to certain Indian tribes , the doc signed by Tom Gros . Please call me in the morning and we can discuss . SS
1 . Finance deals for total return swaps may not have had such language . 2 . A couple of masters may have excluded trade option exemption with respect to counterparty or used our "deemed" language . 3 . Maybe some of Shari's weather masters excluded commodity items . 4 . Credit Lyonnais AAA Master didn't address commodities . Are there other AAA masters and/or bank masters like this ? 5 . The paralegals may remember something .
FYI: We have several "Total" agreements . I don't know the relationship . Are these commodities global ? SS
Let me know when you want to talk . SS
We are not seeking authorization at this time .
FYI - I faxed latest CSA and correspondence to you for our conference call tomorrow . SS P.S . Do you know what the problems are ? I haven't heard a word .
Do I still need to look at Phibro ? Remember , Bernice left this one for me .
I have a question about the ISDA Schedule and several comments to the form of confirmation . To whom should I be speaking ? SS
I am still waiting for the list of products which you are interested in trading with Brazilian counterparties . SS
this is the latest paper deemed ISDA . Please mark for content against OUR deemed ISDA . Thanks . SS
Dale prepared the docs below before he left town . I have a question on the Schedule and will give you a call later . SS
Thanks - but I can't open your document . SS
Attached is the first draft for Gary's group . Brent: I'll give you a call on Wednesday .
Has legal received a credit worksheet on this counterparty ? Please give me a call ( or John!) . Thanks . SS
Jeff: We will send the ISDA unless you prefer otherwise . Rod: Will you prepare credit ? Sara
Argentine CP .
We need to pursue now . SS
FYI - Barton Clark called me to discuss spark spread concept . I'll be in Brazil from 8/17-8/20 . However , I'll alert Carol St . Clair to the possibility of a call . Sara
What's happening here ? Please call ASAP . Thanks . SS
Rod Nelson in credit forwarded the Gulf request and attachments . ECTC's execution of the No Interest Letter is fine from a legal and credit perspective . I agree wtih your analysis . Sara
I will give you a revision to this doc and then I will need this printed on
Can we update this information ? SS
I need to leave the office at 5 pm today . Sara
Fine !
As both parties are reviewing the issues we discussed yesterday , will you be sending Harvard's form of guaranty for us to review ? I will be out of the office next week . Sara
As both parties continue to explore the issues which we discussed yesterday , would you like to send us Harvard's form of guaranty ? I will be out of the office next week . Thanks . Sara
WHERE DOES THIS STAND?????????????????????????????? ? We need to contact Rodolfo . Sara
FYI
SUBJECT TO LEGAL AND CREDIT APPROVAL ( as to a particular transaction) , I have asked Dale Neuner on the ECT confirmation desk , to please forward to you a "suggested format" for a pulp and paper confirmation . Dale is an invaluable resource for these deals . Not knowing anything further , I am uncertain as to whether this transaction will be documented on ECT's "omnibus format" or an "ISDA format" , so Dale will probably send the omnibus format . Tanya Rohauer is the credit guru . I will update our review of Brazilian counterparties to determine whether we have any legal issues . I will be in Sao Paulo tomorrow afternoon . Sara
As you now know , I did not fly to BA from Sao Paulo . Please let me know if you would like to set up a conference call ( from Houston ) or wait for me to return to Sao Paulo . Sara
Can Brent handle this himself ?
Attached are the latest documents from the ECT power trading group . The documents distributed in March , 1999 were revised recently although no redline is available . There are no other forms currently in use . I'll speak with Elizabeth Sager about pending revisions . Also , I will send to you both my thoughts regarding an action plan for the coming months . Let me know if you need anything further and if I should be copying any business people/legal on our e-mails . Sara
I've received a number of e-mails regarding the Duke confirmation . Would you please advise as to status and send me a copy of the final confirm ?
I will begin circulating a list of ECT/ S . Cone Counterparty master swap agreements . Other than yourself , who else should receive these updates ? In particular , I am thinking of commercials in BA and/or Sao Paulo . Would you encourage more frequent distribution ? Sara
I should be available almost any time . You can check with Kaye . SS
Are Pat's conclusions accurate ? SS
The e-mail references a memo previously prepared by Antonio Felix . Can you tell me the date of that memo ? I only have two ( 2 ) Tozzini memos ( 12/26/97 and 2/20/98) . Thanks . Sara
Please send credit worksheet to Susan Bailey . SS Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Help me understand HOW MANY Tozzini memoranda exist which address financial swaps and derivatives . I e-mailed Michael about this attachment and I think his response was that Antonio Felix ADDED comments to the attachment . I am not clear . I am aware of only TWO Tozzini memos : dated 12/26/97 ( physical trading of energy ) and 2/20/98 ( local derivatives market) . Let's all start from the same point . Thanks . Sara
I'll be here . Sara
I don't even know what they're doing to this area ! Maybe this is for new offices . SS
Attached is the first report identifying financial master trading agreements generated by ECT's derivatives legal group . This report will be updated and distributed weekly . It only reflects documentation originated by Houston's legal department and the status of negotiations . If you have any questions , please call me at 713/853-5620 or e-mail . Thanks . Sara
Under separate cover , I am faxing to you a copy of a "Table of Contents" for a collection of memoranda on various Brazilian issues ( physical trading , derivatives , tax , etc . which I have copies of . I have also received from you this morning the response of Antonio Felix et al to the inquiry of Gustavo Junqueira . It will become increasingly difficult to monitor our progress with the Tozzini firm if the business people have direct contact with Tozzini and bypass the Enron lawyers . We will not be able to compile a comprehensive review and the requests will become disorganized . Requests for legal research by Tozzini should originate with the Enron lawyers and be addressed to the Enron lawyers . We can then discuss conclusions with our business people ( and even meet together with Tozzini) . I hope that you concur with this procedure . If you do , I think that it would be more appropriate for you to contact the Tozzini firm to convey the message ( and also to our business people) . Please call me when you are back in the Sao Paulo office if you have any questions . P.S . I will prepare for you the "mini-book" containing the memoranda referenced above .
I would only solicit their comments on other "projects" . SS
We can add TGS to this list and remind me on Monday to review . Thanks . Sara
Please call me at the office ( 713/853-5620 ) if you are still around . Otherwise , let's plan to speak with Richard Sanders(litigation ) first thing on Friday morning . I have spoken with Julian . Sara
I have spoke to Jeff Harbert about the use of "Fallback Reference Price" in the confirms and the need for an additional provision addressing "Postponement" ( which will override our defintion of Postponement in the Master Agreement) . Please take note of this in preparing new confirms . I have appropriate language . Please call if you have any questions . Sara
We will e-mail or fax directly to you and then you can fax to TGS . Susan Bailey will send . Sara
Per our conversation of date , attached is ECT's most recent version of the ISDA Schedule and Credit Support Annex designed for use with Argentine counterparties . As we discussed , I would like for you to review this format and determine whether changes are required as a result of legal developments in Argentina . Please call me when you have had an opportunity to review the document . We have had sent out several recent drafts using the attached format . Also , any written materials which might prove useful are always greatly appreciated . Thanks . Sara P.S . I will try to schedule some time when I am in the B.A . office .
Do you have her e-mail address ? I spoke with her earlier and wrote down " pla@marvel.com.ar " . That address doesn't work . Thanks . SS
Via fax , I am sending to you the new and old Annex A forms and a variety of new and old option ( cap,floor , call,put,collar ) formats . Per our earlier conversation , I would truly appreciate your input . The fax is about 40 pages . Sara
Had a typo in your e-mail address !
I just spoke with Miriam Radich ( Tiger's lawyer ) and advised her of ECT's name change effective 9/1/99 . She advised that she will revise our docs TOMORROW . Also , we will send a new blackline guaranty to Tiger ( terms previously agreed ) to reflect name change . Per: It may take several days to have the guaranties executed by Corp . You need to give Marie advance notice on that front . SS
Per my fax ( 37 pages ) of 8/29/99 , attached are copies of ( 1 ) the existing and proposed Annex A ( general terms for the omnibus ) and ( 2 ) proposed option formats for ISDA and omnibus . My purpose was to "ISDAize" the omnibus particularly in the cap/floor/collar world . Please note the Par.2 Payment section and revised definitions . You do not have "old" confirm templates because I cannot acces on my computer ( but all was included in the fax) . Did you receive the fax ? SS
I understand that you spoke with Mark Taylor about eliminating references to individuals in confirms . I need to speak with you about the ISDA , omnibus and industrial master templates under revision and whether the drafted language conforms to your proposal . In that regard , you may recall that swap templates were given to you several months ago . The legal group is concluding a massive form review which necessitates confirm changes . Thanks . Sara
In Part C . Financial Swaps of your report , please clarify two "preparing Master Swap" entries: ( 1 ) is "Edes" meant to be "Eden" , each LDC activity ? ( 2 ) What is "CGC" ? The "under discussion" entries are unknown to us: ( 2 ) PDA Thanks . Sara
Marie will verify this information first thing in the a.m.: The Duke master is dated August 16 , 1999 . It was sent for execution ( to Carol Graebner in Houston ) on August 18 , 1999 . I cannot verify whether execution copies have been received by ECT . Sara
Thanks . When you have Annex A ready , we'll have to tweak Annex B . For example , I think we eliminated the term "Derivative Transactions" in Annex A ( but it shows up in the Catalytica Annex B) . Bart Clark is the lawyer who is asking to receive the two annexes . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
I am still waiting for my Brazilian visa ( another single entry , unfortunately) . It should arrive next week . I was hoping to spend the week of Sept . 5-11 in Sao Paolo but that is impossible to plan without the visa . Maybe the latter part of that week or the next week will work . If I arrive on a Sat . or Sun. , what do you think about the two of us meeting over the weekend to work out a plan ? I can then devote all of my time to dealing with Tozzini on the physical and financial issues and working with originators to explain financial trading procedures . I will need to determine if Jose Emilio ( on the physical issues ) and Antonio Felix and Renato ( on the financial issues ) will be available to meet during my trip . I have sent them e-mails to at least pose the question . I know that you are very busy . Please let me know what you think about my proposal . Also , I apologize for asking you to give up any of your weekend time . Maybe you have another suggestion that will work better for you . I look forward to hearing from you . Sara
Although I am still waiting for another Brazilian visa , I would like to pose several potential dates to meet with you regarding Enron North America Corp . trading issues . I am presently considering several time periods: Obviously , I can be available at any time during the month of Septermber as well as future months . But I would like to get started as soon as possible . If you could kindly e-mail or call me ( 713/853-5620) , I can elaborate further . Thank you . Sara
FYI
A copy of the 8/31/99 letter from Erik Ludtke was received at 18:10 on fax no . "713 646 4818" addressed to the attention of "Assistant General Counsel" . This would conform to notices in the master agreement ( for Sections 5 and 6) , an executed copy of which we have never received or seen . On a different matter , do you think that we can discuss the omnibus templates tomorrow ? I am pressed for a response . SS
Effective immediately , all questions from the confirmation desk to legal should be routed to a designated paralegal on a quarterly basis ( with the exception of the very first rotation ) as follows: You will be advised of subsequent rotations . Please do NOT route calls to Tana Jones who will be spending most of her time working on special projects for our group . This procedure should not affect any existing arrangements you may have with a particular attorney . Please contact me if you have any questions . Sara
I have advised the confirmation desk of the following rotations: We can continue the rotation on a quarterly basis . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks . Sara
My apologies for leaving your names out ! Sara
This attachment ONLY changes references from "ECT" to "ENA" to match the name change on the first page of the confirm . We will revise Canadian Annex A in a similar fashion . Subsequent template changes are forthcoming . Sara
Do you have a revised "paper group" list ? Sara
Please schedule a meeting with Tana ( at her convenience ) to discuss NYMEX hedge exemption and related issues . Thanks . SS
Baby steps ?
works fine for me .
You are fantastic ! It looks like the trip is shaping up for a visit to BA around 9/12 with a longer stopover in Sao Paulo several days later which could last until 9/25 or the end of September . Will I have the visa before then ? SS
Below is the link that I cannot reach . Sara
Please take a look at the proposed language . You will need to consider the time period before which a Market Disruption Event will kick in.: Postponement: For the purposes of the definition of "Price Source Disruption," as set forth in Section 7.4(c)(i ) of the Commodity Definitions , the Maximum Days of Disruption shall be [thirty-two/sixty-four] days after the last date of publication of World Pulp Monthly , or any successor publication , published by Resource Information Systems , Inc . or its successor for the applicable Calculation Period .
The meeting is on our calendars for 9:30 am 9/3/99 . Let's talk about the NYMEX hedge exemption/position limits process and the reasons why you need attorney backup when Mark is unavailable . Also , highlighting specific NYMEX rules and regulations/Enron trading policy issues for me would be helpful . I am only looking for broad oversight . We can meet with Mark when he returns ( and have Taffy put us on Mark's calendar) . Thanks . Sara Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Need to know value of dispute .
I need to review the outstanding omnibus confirm for this paper/pulp counterparty . I believe there is only one live trade . Thanks . SS
I am still trying to resolve the question of who will advise you on the consulting and other agreements . In the meantime , I have attached a form which you can use to create a report for your group . This would be quite helpful to the lawyers in staffing the group more efficiently . SS
Per our conversation , please advise of available dates . We would like to schedule as soon as possible . Thanks . SS
please respond to my voice mail - ss Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Please review the attached "paper & pulp" doc for accuracy . I've already marked the doc for accuracy ( as far as I can tell ) but I don't know if the general statements are accurate . Please coordinate through Tana Jones . I do not know who wrote the document , but I presume it was someone in London . Sara
I am planning to travel to Argentina and Brazil in the next 10 days . Will you be able to provide me with your written comments on the draft ISDA Schedule by September 10 ? Also , will you be in the BA office during the period from September 13 through 25 ? I will schedule a meeting with you as I finalize plans . Enron's office will be closed on Monday , September 6 . I look forward to hearing from you after that date . Regards . Sara
Thank you for your earlier response . Enron's offices will be closed on Monday , September 6 and I understand that your office will be closed on Tuesday , September 7 . Will you be available for a conference call on Wednesday , September 8 ? I would like to discuss generally the financial trading issues which I will need to address . I look forward to hearing from you . Regards . Sara
Look's like Argentina is shaping up ! Sara
This is short notice but let me know by midday if this works . I can coordinate with Susan F . Thanks . Sara
I will coordinate with your schedules . How about 3pm BA/SP time ? If not , just propose a time and I'll be there . SS
Susan: ( 1 ) Would you please verify the financial section of the attached report ? ( 2 ) Will you update the "Southern Cone" swap report and circulate as we have agreed . Thanks . If you have questions , holler . Thanks . SS
Let me first see if I can muster up enough legal people . I'll let you know shortly . SS
Is someone ( or all of us ) going to bring Susan up to date ? I would like for her to coordinate the lunch with the desk on Thursday if that date is selected . SS
( 1 ) I can confirm that the swap group has no financial ( or physical ) info on Bolivia . You may want to check with Alan on the existence of any specific physical reviews on Bolivia . ( 2 ) Do you have some time to discuss the omnibus confirm process ? ( 3 ) Have you heard further of Duke ?
Our internal phone and voice mail system is all screwed up . Is 3pm Houston ( 5pm BA ) today too late for you to discuss omnibus ? I haven't heard a word from Richard . Scott Neal left a message about the Friday letter . Also , Bruce Harris called this morning about the issue of Elektro trading ( Hickerson desk) . I am hoping that Antonio Felix can talk to me sometime on Wednesday . He's then out for the rest of the week . Coordination is getting complicated . I'm supposed to get my visa today ( so I can leave anytime) . Talk to you soon . SS
Thanks for the quick response . On short notice , Thursday 9/9 did not work . I have two alternatives: Friday , 9/10 and Wed. , 9/15 . If you could advise of your availability by the end of today , I can give everyone a firm date . Thanks . Sara
No more voice mails . Call me or let's agree to a time . Sara
Can't do 10 am ! Before or after works . Let me know so I don't schedule a conflict with your preferance . SS
I'll originate the call . Also , I'd like discuss immediate trading objectives since I'm planning a trip down south in a few days and can be on the front end . SS
Call first to make sure that I am here . Sara
Marcie Youngerman just called with a request for a sample ISDA . No CP name . Exclusions included . Today . Thanks . Sara
Mark your calendars for Wednesday , September 15 . Details to follow .
Do you all have comments ?
I've left a voice mail for Michael Moulton to determine whether he wants to wait for Dan or proceed with either Teresa or Cynthia ( and I left voice mails for them) . I'll let you know . Thanks . Sara
This has a lot of hair on it . I'll take it . SS
Please call to discuss . SS
Just got the fax
I'll call you at 3pm BA to discuss omnibus . Then we'll break and I'll dash over to meet with both Lynn Aven and Rick Hopkinson at Allen Center and we'll call you back to discuss tax etc . SS
I would like the credit group to respond to the following: 1 . What person in credit is the initial contact for the preparation of credit worksheets for structured transactions ? How can we insure that the process will run smoothly ? 2 . Can we ( credit and legal ) schedule a meeting with a trader to walk through the actual termination amout calculation process ? 3 . With respect to L/C's , does credit review incoming L/C's for content ? If not , we need to establish a procedure ?
Kaye tells me that the hotel that you and Mark recommend is not an Enron approved hotel.(I think it's a Sheraton?) . Do you know a nearby hotel which is approved ? We can chat during our later call . SS
The name of the BA lawyer who I will be meeting with next week is: Patricia Lopez Aufranc The firms's phone number is: 011-5411-4310-0100 The firm's fax number is: 011-5411-4310-0200 Patricia's e-mail address: pla@marval.com.ar I have sent an e-mail requesting information about a tax lawyer . Sara
I will be in Enron's BA office from September 14 - September 17 ( Tuesday - Friday) . I would like to schedule some time to review the ISDA Schedule previously sent to you for comment . Other than the morning and early afternoon of Sept . 15 ( Wed.) , I am free to schedule an appointment with you . If you have comments to the Schedule , please send them to me in Houston . I will be in the Houston office until Monday afternoon . Also , does the Marval firm have an English speaking tax lawyer who could assist Enron Houston tax on Argentine trading issues ? Please let me know as soon as possible . I look forward to hearing from you . Regards . Sara
Please see reference to tax attorney below . Sara
What do I need to do to open this doc ? SS
Does such a document exist and , if so , do you have a copy ? SS
Do you have a draft ?
These guys don't play fair . This morning the lawyer called with additional changes to the guaranty and L/C provisions ( based on an 8/31/99 letter which we never received) .
PLEASE send . thanx
I will not be arriving in BA this week . Will you be available either Sept . 23 or 24 ? I will be in Enron's BA office on those two days . I can meet at your convenience . With respect to your comments to our ISDA Schedule , please let me know when to expect your comments . You previously indicated that I would receive comments by Sept . 10 . Also , could you please fax the article . It was apparently scanned . We can only open word documents and we cannot open the article which which was sent and resent on Friday , Sept . 10 . Thanks . Sara
Greetings ! I hope that we can make certain plans to meet when I am in Sao Paulo and to have a telephone conversation this week . I will arrive in Sao Paulo on Sunday , Sept . 19 . Andrea Bertone and I will be meeting with Jose Emilio on Monday , Sept . 20 . regarding physical trading matters . Would you be able to meet with me at Enron's office on either Tuesday or Wednesday , Sept . 21 ( preferably ) or Sept . 22 to discuss certain aspects of financial trading ? I will be able to clarify the specific issues this week . I would also like to schedule a telephone call this week , say Wednesday or Thursday to discuss . Please e-mail me as to whether we can meet in Sao Paulo . I will try to call you today . Let me know if you have a convenient time . Sara
Thank you for the message ! Let's schedule the following: ( 1 ) Phone call on Thursday , Sept . 16 to discuss parameters for financial trading discussion . I can call you at 1 pm ( Houston time ) which is 3 pm ( Sao Paulo time) . ( 2 ) Meeting in Enron's Sao Paulo office on Tuesday , Sept . 21 in the morning . Anytime is convenient for me . Do you have a preference ? How about 9 am ? I will not need to call you today if we can schedule our conference call and meeting in Sao Paulo via e-mail . Thank you for responding promptly . Regards . Sara
The form of this confirmation looks good . Is Dale amending the "auto termination" provision ? SS Enron North America Corp .
Please check "master" section for changes . SS
Attached is my effort to address the waiver of conflict issue in these agreements .
Please prepare an ISDA comparison for SMUD using the attached form of Schedule . Stewart Rosman is Enron's commercial contact in Portland . SS
How about 2 pm on Thursday , Sept . 23 in your office ? Please let me know . Regards . Sara
Yes , thank you very much . I will call you Thursday morning to finalize plans . May Brent Hendry join us if he is available ? Regards . Sara
I have rescheduled my visit to Brazil and Argentina for next week . I will arrive in SP on Sunday , Sept 19 . I have meetings all day Monday and Tuesday morning . I will fly to BA Wednesday evening , Sept . 22 . I'll be in the BA office Thursday and Friday , Sept . 23 and 24 , and my only scheduled meeting is Thursday afternoon . Please let me know if and when you would like to meet . I hope I have an opportunity to see you and catch up on your activity . Sara
Hello ! I'll be visiting the Sao Paulo office next week to discuss physical and financial trading issues with Tozzini lawyers . This time , I'll arrive on the weekend and hopefully beat any new hurricanes ! Andrea and I have confirmed our meeting throughout the day Monday to discuss documentation for physical power transactions . I'll be reviewing financial trading issues during the remaining period . Thus far , reviews are preliminary in nature . I'll be flying to Buenos Aires Wednesday evening . I hope you'll be in the office so that we can meet . I look forward to seeing you again . Sara
Thursday , Sept . 23: lunch and meeting if you're available .
I'm swamped at the moment and I'll be in South America next week . I then have vacation . Maybe Shari can help you now . Just let me know . SS
Attached is my preliminary description of financial products for trading in Brazil . I will speak with Antonio Felix on Thursday . Please let me know if you have comments . Thanks . Sara
per my voice mail - c me
I have scheduled a conference call with Antonio Felix on Thursday Sept 16 at 3pm Sao Paulo time . I am initiating the call . I will discuss the types of products which the Enron "family" is primarily interested in analyzing with respect to legality ( in general) , taxation , type of entity appropriate for conducting business and procedure for implementation . I hope to narrow the focus of the legal review , identify other issues and will ask that legal fees be broken out by product . On Tuesday , Sept 21 , I will meet with Antonio Felix at Enron's offices in Sao Paulo at 9 am . Everyone is welcome to join me for both the conference call and meeting in Sao Paulo . Please let me know if you would like to participate . Thanks . Sara
I will call you at 3 pm ( Houston time ) which is 5 pm ( Sao Paulo time) . Please confirm . Regards . Sara
This call has been changed to 3 pm ( Houston time ) which is 5 pm ( Sao Paulo time) . Please let me know if you would like for me to conference you in . Sara
I will initiate the call and I will also conference in Andrea Bertone . Attached is a short list illustrating the types of financial products about which our commercial people are inquiring . My goal is to discuss parameters for further legal/tax research required to assist Enron in deciding how to trade these products . I look forward to our conversation . Sara
Have you decided who will be assisting tax-wise for these two countries ? I have a conference call this afternoon at 3 pm ( Houston time ) with Antonio Felix de Araujo Cintra from the Tozzini firm regarding further research on derivative products for trading in Brazil . Attached is a summary of products and the various Enron groups seeking answers . If you would like to participate in person or by conference , please let me know . I will be in Sao Paulo from Sept 20-22 and Buenos Aires from Sept 23-24 . In Brazil , I will be meeting again with Tozzini lawyers . In BA , I'll be meeting with Marval lawyers . Let me know if you would like to participate in any way . Sara
How about Friday , Sept . 17 , at 9 am ( Houston time ) which is 11 am ( Sao Paulo ) time ? Please advise . Sara
I just received an e-mail from Antonio Felix's assistant CANCELLING today's call ( because Antonio Felix is still in Rio) . I'm trying to reschedule for Friday morning , Sept . 17 . I'll let you know when I hear . Thanks . Sara
please try to verify . Thanks . Sara
The call was cancelled . I am waiting to hear about a possible call Friday morning . Sara
As a result of our luncheon with the confirm desk yesterday , could someone develop a comprehensive list identifying all omnibus attachments ? If you think any other pertinent information could be included , please feel free to add it . Thanks . Sara
I e-mailed your assistant earlier this morning and have had no response . Can we reschedule the phone call for 9 am ( Houston ) which is 11 am ( Sao Paulo ) on Friday , Sept . 17 ? Please advise . Sara
The conference call has been rescheduled for Friday , Sept . 17 at 9 am ( Houston ) which is 11 am ( Sao Paulo) . I will initiate the call . If anyone would like to be conferenced in or attend in person , please let me know . Thanks . Sara
I am forwarding to you guidelines prepared for global products trading . It's a good starting point . I am currently working on guidelines for Argentina which will address both physical and financial trading . Other "guidelines" exist in limited form for the remote offices in Singapore and Australia . I am checking on London . I'm not exactly certain as to what you are looking for . Obviously the foreign offices have issues that may not apply in the US ( although LA . is about as close as you can get to a third world country) . One thing that doesn't show up in the attachment is the swap eligibility issue . Let me know how I can help further . Sara
see below . It looks like the 2-day L/C issue is an issue . I'll call you shortly .
Hi back ! and Happy New Year too ! To what do I owe this small pleasure ? I'm fine in Texas , still hanging out with Phoebe and Chloe , working hard , etc . Where are you living these days ? N.O. ? Atlanta ? Memphis ? Eleuthra ? St . Petersburg ? Amelia Island Plantation ? I've simply lost track ! As for me , well , I lead the simple life , own a little house in West University , own a little car ( I had to buy a new one recently - the 14-year old 380 SE started scaring me a bit) , you know , the usual . Are you selling burgers up and down the east coast ? Have you gone international ? In a new franchise business ? How's your family ? Got to get back to work ! This weekend I'm off to Sao Paulo and Buenos Aires on business . SARA
Mark Elliott tells me that you drafted some trader guidelines ( physical and financial ) for the London traders . I am trying to develop similar guidelines for the Southern Cone regions ( first Argentina ) and thought your expertise would be very helpful . Could you send me a set ? I'm leaving for Sao Paulo on Saturday but I will be in the office tomorrow . Thank you for your help . Regards . Sara
( if . .... ) ( iii ) definitive agreements acceptable to Party A in its sole discretion regarding the debt and all other aspects of [the project to be owned by Party B] , including but not limited to the senior debt facility , commitments and all project documents , have been fully negotiated and executed and the [project] has been brought to financial close .
No , we insist that the trader make credit aware of new counterparties or unusual trades or opportunities prior to transacting . Credit reviews trades each morning and they know what's going on . ss Enron North America Corp .
I was unable to speak with Andrea but left her a voice mail . I'll let you know if I hear from her before your afternoon meeting . Sara
see attached
attached
I'm going blind . Where's the attachment ? ss Enron North America Corp .
FYI
Please have Gary review this message .
yes ( Kaye - please place on my calendar )
I'll be glad to help you out from Enron's remote offices and while in Houston during the week of Sept . 27 - Oct.1 . Please note the following: 1 . I'll be in Enron's Sao Paulo and BA offices from Sept 20 - Sept . 24 AND 2 . I'll be on vacation from Oct . 2 - Oct . 9 You may need to contact me through my assistant Kaye Ellis ( Ext . 35968 ) or one of the paralegals ( try Marie Heard , Susan Bailey or Susan Flynn) . Sara
No , in general there is a netting issue with French counterparties . The "quick fix" is to only permit ONE Transaction using a deemed ISDA . The broader issue to be resolved is that one of the parties must be a "financial institution" under French law . We tried to push ECT into that defintion , but without success . The next step is to require an opinion from outside counsel identifying our counterparty as that financial institution . ps - Tanya is well aware of the situation
is out of the office until tomorrow afternoon . ss
FYI
Your switchboard does not answer and I'd like to speak with you . Please call me at 713/853-5620 . We'll e-mail two identical Schedules to you in word . Enron Capital & Trade Resources entered into an ISDA with Barclays in 1995 and that Schedule was virtually identical to the one we're sending . We therefore do not expect there to be many issues . The banks should serve as Calculation Agents and confirming agents so we will look to them for the confirmations . Look forward to finalizing these documents with you . Thanks . Sara
I have a 1998 opinion which addresses only a few issues but it's a start . Let me know if we should proceed further . SS
We are presently contacting Morgan Stanley Dean Witter to facilitate opening of an account for EPHXII to trade ADRs . You will need to provide a resolution authorizing opening of the account as well as an authorized trader list and other contacts . We will provide you with drafts . I am certain that the broker will accept fax signatures and then follow up with originals . For future reference , will this be an isolated instance ( i.e. , deal specific ) or will these accounts become more routine ? Just wondering if S . Cone has a formal trading policy or if trading is still deal specific . SS
AA has real problems with loans disguised as swaps . Who is reviewing this from an accounting viewpoint ? The accounting treatment could impact the deal . ps . I'm leaving for a 1-week vacation on Friday , Oct . 1
Sorry , I've been tied up all day . Rod and I just spoke and he is thinking about the NAV issue . Regarding setoff , we can agree to Tiger's language BUT credit will not permit ENA affiliates to trade with Tiger . That's your issue . Will you agree . We will not agree that all collateral be held in NY . There is still an issue about Relevant Price and the possibility of fewer than three dealers . We cannot finalize L/C and MAC issues until we see Tiger's redraft which we have not received . Let's talk . ss
This is an ECM deal which is supposed to fund Thursday , Sept . 30 . Would someone please review the tax rep modifications ? We just received the attached at 5:45 pm this evening . Thanks . SS
Please review the REVISED tax reps ASAP . The deal funds tomorrow am .
Please ignore this message . Rhett is handling . Thanks . SS
RE the message attached from Brian Swinford , Lynn advises that you are familiar with CIESA ( I am not!) . I don't know anything about a prior interest rate swap . By copy of this e-mail I am asking Pat Cini to suggest how we might proceed . If you have further information , please let us know . Thanks . Sara
I sure hope you're wrong LA ! I can't wait to get out of town . I'll be back in Sao Paulo soon . maybe late October . Regards . Sara
Taffy - my last name is spelled "Shackleton" . Thanks . ss
I love you so much . And you send great messages . My life has always been a mess . I never had a chance to tallk to you about Cuba and I'm totally fascinated with the island . I sat next to this lawyer from NY on the flight from BA to Miami and he's recently separated and wants me to dump Mike . I have a "house sitter" while I'm on vacation ( thought I'd try it out since you probably would!) . Mike asked the concierge at "The Argyle" to make reservations from a list I prepared . All of your suggestions except Parkway Grill appear . How do people in LA dress for dinner ? HELP ! I have to pack tonight . I need new shoes . I'll be in the office tomorrow until 4:15pm . Bye now . ................. . Sass
I knew you were going to say that ! But , dubba , what KIND of clothes ? Do I need to bring jewelry ? money ? stockings ? I mean , what did YOU wear in LA ? What would you like for me to bring you ? nachos?(ha , ha ) The phoebebee says hi . Call me later if you're working . ss
Per my voice mail -
Not today ! sara
The only policy that I've seen is the "Interim Southern Cone Electricity Trading Policy" dated July 29th , 1999 and which does authorize financial electricity trading in Brazil . I'm not aware of policy ( maybe there is none ) or resolution ( maybe each will be deal specific ) which addresses the opening of brokerage accounts and equity trading ( even for hedging purposes) . I think we should monitor the activity and see if it's going to be sporadic . I'll be in the office today until 4 pm . Sara
Let me know if this works . Sara
Mark , you may recall my memo to you in April , 1999 which indicated that for netting purposes , the conditions included: 1 . The transaction must be governed by a market standard master agreement or occur on a French regulated market 2 . One of the parties must be ( a ) an "investment firm" within the meaning of the law of 2nd of July , 1996 , ( b ) an instituion or firm benefitting from the provisions of article 25 of the Law or ( c ) a non-resident entity having a "comparable status" The term "investment firm" embodies financial type institutions which recieve and transmit order for financial instruments for third parties . There are 12 categories of article 25 firms ( including Bank of France , insurance companies , broker types , etc. ) . For example , one murky designation includes "persons who supply an investment service which is ancillary to their professional activity , provided the rules governing such activity do not prohibt the carrying on of investment services" . Slaughter and May has advised that they could assist us in determining whether our French counterparty fit this category and it definitely needs to be discussed with the counterparty ( and extract a rep from them as well) . There are other categories as well . I have a copy of the law if you would like to review . The non-resident entity having "comparable status" is the category WE were trying for fit into without much success . Tana tells me that I have given you misinformation . Perhaps the law has changed and Justin has a recent update . ENA has a Soc Gen master , and we have recently sent a Deemed ISDA to a French corporate ( one shot deal only) .
Mark and I met yesterday . I am NOT making my proposed changes to either Section 2 or Section 8 of the Omnibus other than adding definitions for "Option" and "Floor Amount" to Section 8 . This does not interfere with all of our other general changes to Annex A ( which include the comment about "Total Premium" which should conform to the online version) . So , Annex A is ready to go ! Sara
Guess what ? Lotus Notes prompted me that there was more than one "Marie Heard" ! Could this be true or do I have a virus ? SS
I'm trying to revise Annex A . Mike Etringer ( in Portland ) would like for this to go out today . I'm leaving at 4 pm . Thanks . SS
Can you talk late this afternoon ? In connection with the "trading issue" , have you taken a look at the services agreement ? 
Hello there ! Hope all is well . Will you be at the legal conference later this month ? Would you please provide us with information identifying the specific entity requiring the brokerage account and a brief description of the transaction for which the account is required . Also , for purposes of your unanimous consent or resolution , you should note that either of Ted Murphy or Rick Buy should be one of the two signatories required for opening the account . Let me know if you have any questions . Sara
I hope that there is no more confusion ! The opening of each brokerage account should require two signatures for control purposes . ONE of those signature MUST BE either of Ted Murphy or Rick Buy ( their titles frequently change but check the Enron Corp . corporate workbook) . The SECOND signature MUST BE an officer of the entity opening the account . We suggest the level of authority used by ENA but certainly whatever appears in the entity's unanimous consent or resolution authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts . I think that Marie previously sent you a form . Let us know if you have any questions . What is the timing on the Enron Brazil Power Holdings XII Ltd . account ? Regards . Sara
Would you please verify the accuracy of Parts C and D of Brent's report ? Thanks . Sara
Remember this one ? Does anyone else in underwriting need to see this ? SS
FYI - Sara
Who will be helping me with this confirmation ?
Regards from Houston ! I hope you are well and busy . I just wanted to follow up on our very productive meeting of September 21 , 1999 . Enron North America and Enron South America are still quite anxious to continue our analysis of the various components of financial trading . I believe that you were going to prepare some type of matrix to help identify the various legal issues and practical aspects associated with financially transacting in Brazil . We would then add tax and regulatory analyses to the possibilities . If my memory serves me correctly , we had identified transactions by the Enron entity ( "ENE" ) as follows: ( a ) ENE offshore FINANCIAL INSTITUTION and Brazilian entity ( b ) ENE offshore ( not financial institution ) through CC-5 Account with authorized Brazilian bank and Brazilian entity NOTE: enforceability issues with 1(b ) 2 . local swaps ( a ) ENE onshore entity and Brazilian FINANCIAL INSTITUTION ( or ENE onshore FINANCIAL INSTITUTION and Brazilian resident ) ( b ) ENE onshore entity and Brazilian entity ( not financial institution ) registered with the BM&F or CETIP through intermediary NOTE: compliance with existing regulations as to specific reference products is required as to 2(a ) and 2(b ) 3 . "pure" OTC swaps ( a ) ENE onshore entity and Brazilian onshore entity ( b ) ENE offshore entity and Brazilian offshore entity NOTE: 3(a ) presents enforceability issues under Brazilian law and 3(b ) presents no issues whatsoever We look forward to your response as soon as possible and would also like to know when we may hear from you . In connection with your response , please note that we are interested in the recent changes to the laws for acquiring banks ( bankrupt or otherwise) . Regards to Marcelo and Jose Emilio . Sara
Would you please prepare and coordinate with Jeff Harbert ? Thanks . Sara
Hi there ! A quick refresher course for me with respect to French derivatives trading ( not a bank) . In transacting with a French corporate , should we request articles and bylaws for capacity and ALSO a due authorization opinion ? I think that this is correct . However , if we are transacting with an "S.A." , we should NOT request articles and bylaws but only the due authorization opinion . My notes on these items are confusing . Could you please respond in the morning ? Thanks . Sara p.s . We are currently operating under the "one Transaction rule" with French non-bank entities in order to avoid the netting problem .
I am forwarding to you several e-mails received today regarding this transaction . We are going to send out another draft confirmation for this commodity spread swaption . Sara
FYI
We are trying to revise the draft transaction confirmation per Sean's e-mail of date . The original confirm was prepared for "Catalytica , Inc." and the credit included an additional event of default ( cross-default ) with thresholds of $10 million for Catalytica and $50 million for Enron North America . Sean has requested that "Catalytica , Inc." be REPLACED with the sub "Catalytica Combustion Systems" . Should the credit remain the same ? We are withholding release of this confirm pending a response from underwriting . Thanks . Sara
In an effort to establish regular communication on the progress of trading issues ( primarily related legal and tax perspectives ) in the S . Cone , Lynn and I have agreed to conference on Friday , October 15 at 9 am ( Houston time ) and weekly at that time . Would anyone else like to participate this Friday ? If you are interested in participating on a weekly basis , are Fridays at 9 am ( Houston time ) convenient for you ? My immediate concerns are financial trading issues . However , we can focus on all relevant issues as we so determine . I will create a "short list" to initiate discussion . Thanks . Sara
FYI
Attached is a draft report to initiate Friday's discussion . Please provide comments , suggestions , etc . Thanks . Sara
I'm fine with Randy's suggestion . Let me know about you and I'll e-mail Randy back . I am still planning our Friday morning call ( it should be short ) because I want your input on "tracking projects" . Brent will participate and I haven't heard from anyone else . Sara
Please fax the entire confirmation . Thanks . Sara 713-646-3490 ( fax )
Lucy Ortiz on the confirmation desk is awaiting your response re: my e-mail of 10/11/99 . Please let us know when you have determined the appropriate counterparty . If you have any questions , please call . Thanks . Sara
Sean's comments
How would you like to handle ? We could do a Deemed ISDA if you feel comfortable that the counterparty will sign the ISDA . How long is the deal ?
We will conference you in at 9 am ( Houston) . Thanks . Sara
Hope you are well ! I had a wonderful vacation in L.A . I never made it to either the Norton Simon or the Getty; I'll just have to plan another trip to the west coast . In connection with your recent review of our standard ISDA Schedule , Credit Support Annex and legal opinion ( the "Documents") , could you please advise as the whether additional provisions are required or advisable in any of the Documents when our counterparty is an Argentine public utility , municipality or other type of regulated entity . In the U.S. , we use the ISDA Multicurrency - Cross Border boilerplate and incorporate most of the ISDA municipal language and some of our own into the Schedule for municipals and governmental entities . However , for public utilities which are general corporates ( and not governmentally owned) , we take a different approach and incorporate language which might trigger an "Additional Termination Event" for "regulatory type developments" ( e.g. , orders issued by a public utility commission ) which would cause or might cause our master agreement to become void or unenforceable or similar swap agreements to become void or unenforceable . For example: "The filing of a motion , pleading , application or other similar action in any proceeding or action by Party B , a commission , regulatory agency or other entity having jurisdiction over Party B , in respect of Party B , or in respect of any other similarly situated entity organized under the laws of the state(s ) in which Party B is located or regulated , to the effect that performance under this Agreement or one or more Transactions hereunder or similar agreements is unlawful or that this Agreement or one or more Transactions hereunder or similar agreements are void or voidable." By fax , I will send you our Municipal Schedule . Please advise as to changes in both the ( i ) Schedule and ( ii ) legal opinion for both ( a ) public utilities ( corporates , non-governmental ) and governmental entities ( municipals , public agencies , governmental utilities , etc.) . Please call if you have any questions . Regards . Sara
Randy , I can certainly participate in your Tuesday morning meetings ( and I can appreciate the time constraints under which Andrea is working!) . I believe that Lynn will defer to Rick's participation . Please let me know if there is a call in number . I think that I will be able to keep you updated through your meetings . My need for meeting with Lynn and Brent stems from the fact that we are "offshore" Brazil and need to communicate regularly to keep the fires burning . Have a great weekend ! I just got back from my vacation - I went to L.A . - and the weather was extraordinary . So was the food . I'm looking forward to Sao Paulo . Will see you soon . Sara
Where is the meeting ? Sara Calendar Entry Brief description: Date: Time: discussion of setting up a power marketing arrrangement in a foreign country Detailed description: Invitations have been sent to: Alan Aronowitz/HOU/ECT , Sara Shackleton/HOU/ECT Chairperson: Lou Stoler/HOU/ECT This meeting repeats starting on ( if the date occurs on a weekend the meeting )  .
Do you mean to say something like this for the second Floating Price: The average of ( i ) the settlement price for the Novermber NYMEX Light Sweet Crude Oil Futures Contract on October __ , 1999 and ( ii ) the average of the daily settlement prices for the December NYMEX Light Sweet Crude Oil Futures Contract for each Commodity Business Day in October , 1999 Please let me know . Thanks . Sara
Did Chris call you about this ? SS
Would you please schedule for me the following weekly meetings: 1 . Fridays 9am Houston - Brazil trading meeting ( conference call ) 2 . Tuesdays 10am Sao Paulo time - ESA Legal Management Committee Meeting ( currently 7am Houston time but changes with Brazil daylight savings ) see separate e-mail for call in number
see call in number
In connection with the ISDA negotiations , PG&E is insisting on revising our "Limitation of Liability" language" "...PROVIDED , HOWEVER,THAT NOTHING IN THIS PROVISION SHALL AFFECT THE ENFORCEABILITY OF SECTION 6(e ) OF THIS AGREEMENT with respect to incidental damages." PG&E claims that it will never be responsible for consequential damages and that certain elements of "Loss" comprise consequential damages ( PG&E always agrees to "Market Quotation") . Have you ever prepared a list of the "Loss" components ? Can you assess before I go to Haedicke ( or is this a non-starter) ? Thanks . Sara
need attachment
Shouldn't someone contact Amoco ? I mentioned this to Carol St . Clair last week but I don't know if anyone thought further about it . Sara Enron North America Corp .
I know that you were in the Rio office during the latter part of last week . I sent you an e-mail last week to see how you were doing with the research/memo . I also called Marcelo Rodrigues and left a message . I have not heard from either you or Marcelo and I am anxious to continue our dialogue . Please e-mail or call at your earliest convenience . Thanks . Sara
insert this paragraph as marked on the document . ss
Either sounds good . But let's do Friday ! SS
no way ! never mind , OK ! have fun . I'll miss you . Sara
I am about to engage the Johannesburg firm of Webber Wentzel Bowens to proceed with a response to ENA's questionnaire . ISDA has used this firm . Has ECTRIC done any previous studies in South Africa ? Please let me hear from you today , if possible . Thanks and regards . Sara
Yes , I've received messages but have not heard from the right person . However , I want to clean up the transaction itself . Why is it a swaption ?
I see that you completed an ISDA comparison in late September . What has happened with it ? SMUD is calling . Can you advise Stuart Rosman ASAP ? SS
Was this meeting cancelled yesterday ? It wasn't on my calendar ?
I am sitting in on this conference call as I write this message . Brent just mentioned that you were preparing an analysis addressing "trading locations" to present to Don . Randy is interested in seeing your written response . Do you need anything from me ? Also , I heard from AFAC by e-mail yesterday and he said that Marcelo was working on a memo ( which I was to receive yesterday!) . We may need Randy to intercede and keep the lawyers working on ALL projects . Apparently AFAC handles all Central Bank issues for Tozzini and Cuiaba has these issues now .
Call me when you're free and we can talk to Rolo. . I've looked at their comments . Sara Enron North America Corp .
AFAC - Thank you for your response . It is difficult for me when I do not hear from you since I am not in Sao Paulo but I understand that you were engaged in other Enron matters . I am looking forward to your response since the trading issues are not going away ( the issues seem to only multiply) . Once "the Enron group" has had an opportunity to review , we would like to schedule another meeting with you and Marcelo in Sao Paulo . I look forward to receiving the memo and chart . Thank you and regards . Sara P.S . Please phone or e-mail when you are sending the memorandum .
All: I know that AFAC is busy with Enron matters . However , I received this response from him on Monday ( yesterday) . I have not spoken with either AFAC or Marcelo but it appears that they are very close to at least a "first draft" . My thought is that we review the response and identify specific areas and/or issues for refinement and then schedule a meeting in S.P . I'll advise as soon as I hear further . Sara
I haven't reviewed yet but here it is ! Sara
Yes . This would be a helpful "insert" in the negotiations manual . I always worry that we receive explanations about a variety of issues and we don't keep a written record of the advice received . SS
Dale: can you have someone review the transaction terms . I'm not sure that this is a swaption . I'll also take a look . I do not have a voice yet but I am in the office . Sara
I know nothing . SS
David: Could I see a copy of the AMEREX below referenced agreement which you approved ? I would appreciate your response today . Thanks . Sara
Sorry to have to respond via e-mail but I've got laryngitis ( although I should be in most of the day today) . The actual opening of the agreement is simple because we have a good broker relationship and the agreement is acceptable to us . BUT , the broker WILL NOT open the agreement until we can submit the underlying authority which includes: authorizing resolutions ( or unanimous consent ) from the account party trading authorization number of signatures for transacting Marie previously sent "samples" of the the underlying documentation to Robert George . We have not received anything to date . When we receive the information , we can fax EVERYTHING to the broker and the account can be opened immediately and then followed up by original hard copies . Let me know if you have any further questions . Sara
You indicated that you'd be finished by Wednesday . Can you give me the comparision ? Thanks . Sara
So you were able to put Janet in her place ! If you have questions , please come in my office . I can write and shake my head "yes" or "no" ! Sara
Mike , thanks for your patience . I have severe laryngitis so I cannot even speak . I received a copy of the index for the Utah statute to which Deseret is subject . I'm afraid that I need Utah counsel to answer my questions . I'm working on that right now . If you call me , I'll only be able to respond via e-mail . Sara
I'd like to attend . SS
Sorry I can't wish you well in person but I have a severe case of laryngitis! . Fortunately , I'm on antibiotics but the doctor said "Don't speak for 3 days . I wish my wife would get laryngitis." Maybe the desert air in Arizona would bring relief . I love saguros ( is that right? ) Daddy thought planning for Chanukah was a great idea . Also , tell Daddy that if he used e-mail I could talk to him even when I have laryngitis . Love , Sas
Brent and Lynn: I have a severe case of laryngitis and I can't even speak . I'm not sure that I'll be able to ( or even should ) speak on Friday for our 9 am ( Houston ) conference . Brent , I was wondering if you would be in Houston next week before our legal conference on Thursday and Friday . If so , then maybe you , Lynn and I can meet to assess the situation . If not , then let's please reschedule our Friday call for Monday or Tuesday of next week . I can suggest Monday after 10 am . Tuesday morning we have Randy's call which I may have to begin taking at home due to the early hour so if we decide on Tuesday , it should be after 10:30 am. . Please let me hear from you . Thanks . Sara p.s . I have not had an opportunity to review the memo but I'm going to take a look today .
Kaye: I e-mailed David Portz this morning and he hasn't opened the message . Can you please ( 1 ) find out if he's even in the office today AND ( 2 ) just get a copy of the agreement which Dale is referencing below . Thanks . SS
Have you heard if Brent will be in Houston this week or early next week ? SS
With pleasure ! SS
Pat , your credit worksheets reflect ENA posting cash . Is this a mistake ? I am trying to revise these draft masters and then I will tackle TGS . I still have severe laryngitis so I cannot speak but I can communicate via e-mail or a paralegal . Thanks . Sara
I have retained Utah counsel . I'll keep you posted . I haven't looked at your other question yet but I will !  Sara
The agreement must be executed by a VP or higher level . Do you want us to have Jeff Shankman execute ? SS
FYI - I don't know anything about this deal other than the fact that Chris Foster asked me a question . I referred Chris to Christopher who had worked on the APEA transaction which had similar issues . SS
I thought we had devised a format for any response . I'm glad to meet with you anytime . Currently , I have severe laryngitis and I am unable to speak . I will probably be limited on Friday as well . We can manage if you come to my office . Let me know . SS
OK , let me try to catch up here . Brent may not get my e-mail for awhile . I believe that he is in Houston today on personal business and will stay until the conclusion of the ENA legal conference which is Th & Fr next week . What is your availability on Mon or Tues next week ? I will try to put something together ( at least you and I can have a game plan so that we can plan our next visit to SP) . This voice stuff is a bummer . Sara
Just got your voice mail . I have severe laryngitis and I cannot use my voice today or tomorrow . Sorry . We can e-mail or speak through Marie . Yes , we have a blackline . Marie has finished going through it and I need to review ( the lawyers blacklined the latest version over the second blackline so we had to revert to a comparision to the first blackline!) . Re: the credit support annex , I believe all is resolved . However , I believe there is still an L/C issue . If there is an L/C default ( say the issuer is downgraded) , Tiger is insisting that we post cash immediately without the right to post a substitute L/C within two days . I am not absolutely certain of this , but Carol has a 2 pm call with the lawyers and I will listen . I don't know if Tiger responded to our guaranty . I was out sick yesterday . Hope this brings you up to date . SS
ok just no voice . Thanks .
Hey , man , what's up ? Have we thought this through practically ?
Brent is supposed to be in Houston but Mark didn't know if Brent would be in the office today or tomorrow ( he has personal business in Houston) . You might check with Taffy .
Let's do it on Tuesday , Oct . 26 at 2 pm . If Brent is available , all the better . Let me know if you want to visit Enronland . I don't mind the walk . Sara
I would like to sign up for the following presentations: ( 1 ) Power Marketing - Structuring Power Transactions on November 10 and 11 ( 2 ) Fundamentals of Corporate Finance on December 2 Please let me know . Thanks . Sara
Sorry , but I forgot to ask if I should make reservations and if anyone else is going . Thanks . Sara
Speak of the deviI ! I just had someone leave a voice mail for counsel ( who is at an outside meeting) . I will definitely have a lawyer call tomorrow morning . Is Utah in your time zone ? Sara
Don't you recall that we created a response or amendment format ? What am I recalling ? SS
Sounds like a great idea to me ! Sara
I have not yet had a response from Argentine counsel . I will speak with them again . Sara
Patricia: I was just checking to see if you have had an opportunity to review our ISDA Schedule for the referenced entities . Please let me know if you have any questions . I believe that Susan Flynn in our office faxed you a copy of our form of Schedule last week . I look forward to hearing from you . Regards . Sara
I still can't talk . I think that our response should be final except that there may be some agreed to changes on the L/C side . Carol St . Clair is addressing that with Jennifer and Miriam . In any event , I believe that Tiger needs to "OK" our response of yesterday since there were some errors on their redraft . Marie is not in the office today . If you want to speak to a person , call Susan Bailey and she can come into my office and we can manage . Have a good weekend . Sara
FYI - I have a pretty bad case of laryngitis but I still have to eat lunch . Maybe I can find a "talking person" to join us so you won't be bored . Sara
Sorry , but I still can't talk . Although Marie is not in today , I can have Susan Bailey ( Ext . 34737 ) contact Morgan to alert them that the faxed docs are coming . We also will need a signature on the agreement itself and I can't recall if Marie sent that already . Please call Susan so that we can be more specific about what might happen today ( and whether it can wait until Monday morning when Marie returns) . I have not received anything from Robert . Thanks . Sara
Yes , as long as the Tiger lawyers do their bit . Please call Susan Bailey about the guaranty and she can have it prepared for execution . Question: Are we only preparing the Tiger guaranty or other animal guaranties as well ?
It looks like we won't have to open the account today . However , we should send the account agreement to the person in Brazil who will sign ( or we can send it to the lawyer in Brazil whose name is Robert George) . Come see me to explain further . Thanks . ss
yes . I'll call you ss
Yes , the lawyers have requested separate guaranties for each fund . SS
Brent is in the office and would like to finalize the ISDA Master . I believe that we need to send our Guaranty . Chat briefly with Brent about this and let's finalize . SS
I would suggest the following: "This is a Confirmation of an Option offered by ____________ to ENA and accepted by ENA pursuant to a telephone conversation on ___________ between the parties." I don't know whether this is an omnibus or master but use language accordingly . Call if you have questions . ss
Sometimes I have brilliant ideas and this may not be one of them . Also , it would be nice if Jennifer had a singing role but I know how kids can be so don't you worry . I'm not implying that Zachary shouldn't sing ( or take on an acting role as well ) because that would be even better . Or we could do a quartet . Whatever . But you , dahling , are the centerpiece here because Mother and Daddy like you best . So here are my preliminary thoughts for an Irving Houston off-Broadway play . Naturally this is based on an Ada & Mike premise . ( 1 ) This old suitcase ( Daddy packed the Louis Vuitton without wheels a WEEK early but Mother wouldn't let him close it and then it wouldn't close ) ( 2 ) Lovely Linda ( you remember Linda , don't you? ) ( 3 ) Hi Debba , Hi Sara ( what's the story , morning glory , etc . and of course this is the information hot-line and Mother's source of e-mail ) I'm sure I'll have many more brilliant ideas over the weekend but I wanted you to be the first to share these ideas with me . Sas Hope Phoenix was facializing and massaging ( and fun to boot )
Do you recall the name of the Delaware business trust ( which owned the oil and gas assets ) that ECT executed a master with ? My memory is shot . SS
I have reviewed the list that you gave to me this morning as well as the Australia trade . I'm holding your files in my office . I'm here for awhile . Monday morning I have a conference call at 8:30 am that should not last more than one hour . I have a few questions to ask . Sara
Alan's response is correct . You might check with Shari to see if she has made additonal inquires of Mexican counsel . Sara Enron North America Corp .
I have an 8:30 am doctor's appointment on Wednesday , Oct . 27 . I'll leave the number with Kaye if you need anything . Sara
Would you please get copies of all outstanding Transactions with this counterparty ? Thanks . Sara
Please take a look and call . SS
Hello there ! Long time no see ! Can you please give me a call ( EXT . 35620 ) to discuss ESA in general ? I want to have Marie Heard available as well so that at least two people can keep track of your activity . Thanks . Sara ps My immediate inquiry is the entity hedging South Americal risk
Does Randy prefer a particular format ? Sara
On Friday , did you send the Tiger guaranty to Clem for execution ? SS
There are no outstanding issues as to the Tiger guaranty . We need to have it executed . Although we have not seen a redraft from the Tiger lawyers , Per seems to think that he'll be ablt to transact this week . Thanks . Sara
I will have to update this document weekly so I'd feel better if you updated , etc . I'll bring the info shortly and we can e-mail to Randy's assistant in Sao Paulo . Thanks . SS
We have not heard from the Tiger lawyers . We have sent the Tiger guaranty to Enron Corp . for execution . No other master agreements/guaranties for the other hedge fund entities have been drafted but each will look similar to the Tiger set of documents . Sara
Thanks for the info . I don't need anything further . Also , thanks for your assistance last week and continued attention to our legal group . Sara
John and Marc: Legal needs your help ! As you know , Cargill and ENA are frequent trading partners . We have never put a swap master agreement in place . In this day and age , we would be negligent to not execute the swap master agreement Cargill's legal department received a draft of our ISDA Master Agreement TWO MONTHS AGO . I need your help to prompt the Cargill trader(s ) to put some pressure on their legal department to negotiate the agreement with ENA . The Cargill traders may call PHIL FANTLE . Would you please make some calls and let me know who you speak with and when ? You can then give me a call or drop me an voice mail ( Ext . 35620) .
I have engaged South African counsel . The response may take a few weeks but your transaction can proceed prior to that time . However , I will need some time to refine our ISDA Schedule and learn about the counterparty . Please keep me up-to-date . Thanks . Sara ps: I can talk
I think you were going to identify the Lagrasta deals after our meeting of last Tuesday ( Oct . 19) . I've done a quick review ( although I'm not as familiar with the deals as you may be ) and think there are 9 deals: Aries Resources , LLC [Classic Resources Inc.] - dropped Formosa Hydrocarbons , Inc . - Breslau also concerned Hallwood Energy Corporation HS Resources Inc . Neumin Production Co . - Breslau also concerned Titan Resources L.P . TXU Energy Trading Company ( ? ) Vastar Resources , Inc . Could you please verify . Sara
Where in the Deseret confirmation do we request the legal opinion ? Did we send a sample ? Sara
Randy: Please forgive me for missing the call this morning . I mistakenly thought that my 7:30 am doctor's appointment was tomorrow and not this morning . Just a brief update to my resport of yesterday , Lynn , Brent and I are meeting this afternoon to discuss the Tozzini response and set plans for another trip to Sao Paulo to meet with the lawyers and refine the review . I'll keep you briefed because I know that we're fast approaching year-end and Tozzini will be in a crunch . We can discuss as the need arises . Also , Lynn is preparing his synopsis regarding Don's recent inquiries about trading office locations . Don's questions tie into the legal review of financial trading options in general but it's a good idea to address these up front . Please call if you have any questions . I promise to be back on board next week . Regards . Sara
See Pat's message below . You may want to check with her . Sara
Dr . Berman 713/523-4478 ( in case you need me )
We need the revised confirm now . I'd like to review it when you're done . I sent the legal opinion draft to Deseret yesterday and they are sending their draft back shortly ( I received a fax from them at 9:30 am today) . Thanks . SS Mike: Do you want to see our legal opinion draft and/or Deseret's draft opinion to be sent shortly ?
AFAC and Marcelo: We are in the process of reviewing the Comparative Chart and attached memorandum and will soon provide a list of remaining issues which Enron North America and South America would like to have addressed . We are also attempting to identify specific types of transactions which may be required to hedge Enron risk in Brazil before 12/31/99 . For planning purposes , the "group" would like to meet with you in Sao Paulo during the week of November 28 . We are hoping that you may be able to accomodate us on November 30 ( Tuesday) , December 1 ( Wednesday ) or December 2 ( Thursday) . Please let us hear from you . Regards . Sara
Can't promise 8:30 on the dot so how about 8:45 to 9:00 ?
A quick message in case you hadn't heard . Thursday afternoon and Friday morning , legal can be reached at the Woodlands Conference Center at: 281-297-5130 ( phone ) 281-297-5132 and 5133 ( fax )
I have registered for this one day class . I was unable to secure a place in the "Structuring Power Transacations" class for Nov . 10 and 11 and I am waitlisted . Sara
Congrats ! Come visit sometime . SS
Do you have an answer to this question ? Should ENA continue to transact with EI ? Sara
How about tomorrow at 10:00 am ?
Before my next meeting with the Tozzini lawyers this month , I would like to create a list of SPECIFIC products for managing Enron's Brazilian risk . Bruce Harris is creating a list which he will forward to you shortly . Please review this list , comment and identify any products required for trading prior to December 31 , 1999 . Please let me hear from you if you would like to discuss any issues in particular . Thanks . Sara
I am still waiting verification from EI ( which still exists as a legal entitiy) . It is likely that ENA will continue to deal directly with ENA ( RMT ) and that EI will handle the accounting internally . I'll let you know as soon as I can . Sara
Kaye: I think I returned this to you several weeks ago . SS
What person(s ) in London prepares credit for the English and Singapore financial transactions ? At some point in the not so distant future , the Houson and London credit departments need to speak in order that each understands the "philosophy" behind credit analysis for the omnibus and master transactions . I look forward to hearing from you . Regards . Sara ps Congrats on your promotion ! I didn't have a chance to speak with you after the offsite to shake your hand . Hope you enjoyed your weekend in Houston .
I have you on my calendar for 2 pm on Thursday . Sara
I have requested Deseret's bylaws from David Crabtree . Our Utah counsel will review and call tomorrow . Let me know if you have any other questions . Sara
Attached are the Catalytica annexes and economic terms . Please let me know if you have any comments . Sara
Please prepare an amendment to this master agreement which deletes reference to the "pari passu" language . Thanks . Sara
I received the bylaws this morning and forwarded them to Utah counsel ( who is in NY) . Left 2 messages with his office . Have not heard from him . I'll call again . SS
seminars: ( 1 ) 11/10 and 11/11 - Structuring Power Transactions ( no longer wait listed ) ( 2 ) 11/16 - Electric Business Understanding ( 4 ) I would like to take 12/10 as a vacation day Thanks . Sara
I would like to take this as a vacation day . Are there any conflicts ? Thanks . Sara
Please decide who should be assigned to this counterparty and add to Lotus Notes . It's a Top Ten and we need to follow up . Thanks . Sara
Here's a heads up ( if you weren't aware ) of a new brokerage account requested by a NEW entity: Enron India GDR Holding Ltd . I'm tracking down the details . SS
Marcelo: Have you had a chance to speak with AFAC about the week of November 28 ? Please let me hear from you soon . Regards . Sara
FYI and handling . Sara
You were going to send a structure diagram ?
Did you talk to these guys ?
Thank you for the e-mail . I tried to contact you on your mobile several times in the last few minutes but I cannot get through . Is there anyone besides Lauren who can help us in her absence ? I understand the GDRs were purchased and the account must be opened . We cannot do anything without background documentation . Also , we cannot find any information about the purchaser on the Enron corporate workbook . Do you have a list of officers/directors ? You can call me at 713/853-5620 . Regards . Sara
I'd like to schedule a time to meet with AFAC and Marcelo during the week of November 28 in Sao Paulo . Let me know ASAP if you have a preferance . I suggest we shoot for Tuesday ( in case we have follow up issues) . Thanks . Sara
Please call . Brent and I missed you this morning . Here's the extent of what I was able to find out . We called Andrea Bertone and left word . I think she's calling Brent ( as I was on a conference call when she rang back) . Pat Cini will join our Friday morning meetings . Is Michael Herman taking over Brazil financial ? SS
Andrea: Would you please see that I am added to circulation of the deal transaction list ( containing trading deals) ? Thanks . Sara
I spoke with Robert Nuernberg ( inhouse legal ) who acknowledged that company has authority to trade financially . ENA will send ISDA master to company which will also offer up new resolution or legal opinion . We can do a one-month deal and book on our short form omnibus . Call if you have any questions . Sara
Can you check on this and send to Brent ? Thanks . SS
FYI
Susan B . should have gotten our draft of the referenced guaranty to you . It still needs to be reviewed by the physical gas group since we are amending their guaranty . Do you care about any allocation of payments between HPL and ENA ? At the moment , I do not have any allocation language in the guaranty .
If the guaranty is capped at $15million and payment demands are made by HPL and ENA that exceed the cap , full payment cannot be made . Should the payments be allocated proportionately or according to receipt of demand , or do we care ? I hope this helps . SS
AFAC and Marcelo: Thank you for the message . We would suggest Tuesday , November 30 at Enron's offices . Is 9 am convenient for you ? Please advise . Regards . Sara
Yes , and I assume that Sean still has the Annexes previously prepared . SS
We have scheduled a meeting with Antonio Felix and Marcelo on Tuesday , November 30 at 9 am ( Brazil time ) in Sao Paulo . The purpose of the meeting will be to discuss the Tozzini memorandum of October 19 , address unanswered questions and identify issues for further research . We are attempting to identify specific financial products for immediate trading . For those of you in Houston who would like to participate , please let me know and we can either revise the meeting time or conference you in later in the meeting . Please confirm your attendance as soon as possible . Thanks . Sara
Please forward to Elizabeth and me .
Lauren Hagerty is in Houston today and will provide us with the necessary documentation for opening of the account . We will advise when the information is received . Thanks . Sara
Before I send the draft , please let me know the type of customer ( general corporate , utility , municipal , etc.) . Thanks . Sara
ENA sent a Notice of Termination letter to Southern on November 1 , 1999 and set that date as the Early Termination Date . There is only one existing Transaction: a second quarter 2000 collar . We have obtained a third party quotation for the value of the call ( at $.928 ) which when multiplied by the total notional and days , is equivalent to $25,334.40 . Please let me know if you have any comments to the letter . Lisa: Is there a protocol for a non-lawyer to sign the calculation notice letter ? Should it come from settlements which would be tracking any payments ( if ever received in whole or part) ? Thanks . Sara
Fred: I am continuing to update your list based upon legal/credit meetings and requests for master agreements . If you have priorities , please let me or Susan Flynn know . Sara
Martin sent this message to London and Michael advised that Sullivan & Cromwell be retained . With respect to interest by the CFTC in the proposed transaction , would you agree that the same law firm advise on that issue as well ? Makes sense to me . Also , what is Energydesk.com LImited ? Sara
I would like to schedule the last week of 1999 , Dec . 27 - Dec . 30 , as vacation . No one else has selected those dates . Please let me know if this is a problem . Thanks . Sara
Please assign . This is an Annex A for a general corporate . An Annex B should be attached . Both Annexes should read SAMPLE or DRAFT with our exclusionary language . Obviously the Annex B will not have anything on it other than reference to credit determination . Please e-mail today to John Malowney . Thanks . SS and call if you have questions .
We'll have to put a master in place . SS
How about this Friday , Nov . 12 at 2 pm ? Sara
Please schedule for 1-hour . Thanks . Also , please add Shari to the "utility meeting" with Mark and Carol . Is a conference room available ? SS
Could we possibly RESCHEDULE the time for 2 pm ( Sao Paulo ) time ? There is currently a four ( 4 ) hour time difference with Houston and we will need to conference in several people . Thanks . Sara
I hope you can help Carol out before our phone call in the morning . I have tried Patricia Aufranc twice but there is no answer . If you could reach her early in the morning to resolve , I would be most appreciative . You can discuss with me in the morning . Thanks . Sara
9 am Houston
We have rescheduled the meeting with Tozzini for 2 pm ( Sao Paulo ) which is 10 am in Houston . Sara
Rodolfo and Jeff: Would you please e-mail the name , address , fax and phone of the person or persons to whom this Deemed ISDA should be directed . We'll be ready to send this out shortly . Thanks . Sara P.S . I have a conference call for the next hour . If you have any questions , please call Marie Heard at EXT . 33907 or call me after 11 am Houston time .
John: Marie gave me your message . I will call you after lunch to discuss Total . The Marval firm in B.A . is ENA's outside legal counsel for derivatives advice . ENA lawyers hire and speak with ENA's outside counsel . I have spoken with our outside counsel on derivatives issues in Argentina . I will discuss this further with you when you and I have our conversation . Sara
FYI - John's only issue was "inhouse" vs "outside" counsel legal opinion . And he apologized profusely . No harm done . Sounds like you did a good job . Have a great weekend . Sara
You were going to follow up with these counterparties by the next legal/credit meeting .
We are sending this out in draft form until Scott Neal ( our "Argentina" trader ) has confirmed the terms of the deal with EDEN . The trade date will probably be set towards the end of next week . Sara
I have an early morning appointment on Tuesday and will be unable to join the phone conference . I don't have anything new to report . I have rescheduled the meeting with Tozzini in ESA's offices for Tuesday , Nov . 30 at 2 pm in order to conference in the Houston attendees . We will not require video conferencing ( but thanks for the offer) . Also , Lynn A . will have a final assessment of tax issues relating to an Argentine trading office location and we will try to meet with D . Black and/ or Michael G . Lynn will provide with his analysis beforehand . Let me know if you have any questions . Sara
Please assign . Any questions , ask me . Thanks . Sara
Just a reminder . I will be in a seminar tomorrow . Sara
I have a 9 am doctor's appointment on Wednesday . Sara
Per my voice mail . Let me know what you think . SS
Hey Sam , that has to be one of the "cheeriest" cards I've ever received . Please thank Leica for her birthday wishes ( and how is the old girl doing?) . Do you remember my 39th at Andrea's with Pat and Dee ( I think ) and Ron and his wife ( I've forgotten her name but I remember what she looks like) ? I remember your 40th with Beverly and Helen and the walker ( you probably remember the stripper) . I need your MAILING address so that Phoebe , Chloe and I can send you a holiday card . Are you a bi-city resident ? Do you still own Corky's ? Do you have a different venture(s) ? How is Mr . Casey ? How are Helen and Beverly ? Do you see them often ? Do you love Atlanta ? You know that at my age ( it's actually been any my ages ) I write in stream of consciousness . I hope this makes sense . Sara P.S . Ain't life grand ?
Martin: Sorry for the log jam but I always thought that the law firm was the best idea . Call if you need assistance . Sara
Let's have this signed and fax per below . Thanks . SS
I've been thinking about your query and in the interim , I find that David is very conscientious and does not let outstanding issues linger . He also seems quite eager to learn . As I continue to work with him , I am glad to keep you updated if you remind me periodically . Sara
Just a follow-up to our conversation of last week to see how you were coming along . When would you like to schedule some time to discuss the ISDA ? Please let me know if you have any questions and/or whether I can assist you in any way . I understand that our respective traders are discussing a transaction . You may contact me at 713/853-5620 or e-mail . Thanks . Sara
Muni's and other public entities ( state , local and federal ) are the type of counterparties for which we require legal opinions and the whole ball of wax , so to speak , including background documentation , resolutions , etc . If we cannot prove authority to transact , then the agreement may not be enforceable ( i.e. , if the counterparty owes us money , we may not be able to collect) . We definitely need to review certified copies of the counterparty's charter , enabling statutes or legislation creating or authorizing the counterparty , its bylaws , charter or constituent docs , investment policies , guidelines or restrictions , resolution approving the swap ( or other ) transactions and authorizing a person(s ) to transact,etc AND a legal opinion ( the format of which we always provide to the counterparty) . It's best to execute the ISDA but we do have an omnibus drafted for municipalities . Call if you need further help . Sara Enron North America Corp .
I thought we sent it but I'll have Marie Heard email a copy right away . SS
Thanks for remembering me ( even though I FORGOT to send you birthday wishes last month) . It doesn't seem like a year , does it ? Hope you're doing great and your family is well . How's the HOUSE OF THE CENTURY coming along ? I recall looking at the plans just "yesterday" . Stay well ( and young) . Sara
Attached is the latest "redraft" of guidelines based upon my conversation with Brent ( who has not yet seen the attachment) . Let's discuss these tomorrow . I'll conference you at 9 am . Thanks . Sara Lynn: I'll forward separately Brent's proposed paragraph for the Houston trader .
Here's Brent's other paragraph .
Per our conversation . Sara
Yes , I'll get to it today . I've already spoken with Jared . SS
Please ! Sara
Hi Christian ! I wanted to ask you a few questions about the occurrence of negative pricing on the west desk . I'm getting a differenct response on the east desk . Although my interest is financial trading , you may have experieced this issue on the physical side ( Jeff Hodge has not) . In the past on the west desk financial trading , any prices which are negative are deemed to be "0" ( so an average of hourly prices could include some zeroes) . The east desk wants to add in the negative numbers . Please call me to discuss . I'd really appreciate it . Sara
Can you recall if the trades ( west desk ) were swaps or puts ? SS ps I'm still trying to resolve
no
Marie: Wisconsin's lawyer is out of the office until Nov . 29 . Would you please follow up with respect to the ISDA which we sent to him on Nov . 5 ? I left your name and phone number on his voice mail . Cary is interested in pursuing this counterparty . Thanks . Sara
Can we conference on Tuesday , November 23 ? Anytime after 10:30 am CST works . Or anytime on Wednesday , November 24 before 3pm CST . Thanks . Sara
FYI - I called in for the meeting this morning but no one else ever connected . Sorry . I have nothing new to report . I'll be in S.P . next week for a few days . I'll try to get on your calendar . Thanks . Sara P . S . Happy Thanksgiving !
Please explain or handle . thanks . SS
consider it cancelled . ss
Hello AFAC and Marcelo: Attached is a recent "short list" of possible products which our traders may be interested in trading in the near future . The list was created by Bruce Harris who resides in Houston but travels frequently to Brazil . Bruce will join us by telephone next week . My goal is to discuss in depth the memo which you created on October 19 , further research ( specifically a memo regarding OTC swaps! ) and Bruce's list . Lynn Aven ( tax ) and Brent Hendry ( legal in Argentina ) will be present , as will Andrea Bertone . We will conference in Bruce and possibly others from Houston . This will be my last message from Houston as Enron will be closed later today for the Thanksgiving holiday and will reopen on Monday , November 29 . I'll be in our Sao Paulo office that day . I'm looking forward to our meeting on Tuesday , November 30 at 2 pm . See you both soon . Regards . Sara
The Tozzini lawyers will meet with us to discuss prior memoranda and products for trading . For those in Houston who wish to be conferenced in , please contact my assistant Kaye Ellis in Houston ( X35968 ) who will make arrangements . Thanks . Sara
Carol: Edward and I spoke with this counterparty on Wednesday ( see Lotus Notes entry) . Edward is pushing this deal for closure next week . Tanya knows the credit issues ( A2 short term S&P commercial paper rating is unacceptable so CP has a MAC) . We expect their outside counsel to have some comments which we haven't yet seen . Guaranty issues ( cap amount , demand delay) . Nothing has been scheduled formally but I am sure that Edward will call you for assistance on Tuesday ( he is out of town on Monday) . Marie has the file and is sending CP the 1991 and 1993 definitions . Our discussion today was general . Thanks for your help . Sara
Per my voice mail ! Debra please follow up . Call Marie if you have any questions . Sara
I'll be back in the office on Friday , Dec . 3 . Kaye Ellis can reach me in the Sao Paulo office . thanks . SS
Chris and Tracy: I will be in the Sao Paulo office most of this week . You can reach me there ( check with my assistant Kaye Ellis ) or you can call Marie ( X33907 ) and she will make certain that a lawyer is available to help you . Thanks . Sara Marie: Please assist Chris and Tracy as required . Thanks . Sara
Kaye: did you handle ? Thanks . Sara
I'll be in Sao Paulo this week . You still didn't send me a mailing address .
Attached is my feedback . Sara Cullen Duke @ ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
Thanks for the help . Could you please call Chris ? Sara
I think that Carol may have looked at this several months ago . Isn't this related to the request of Jean Mhra ? Enron North America Corp .
Please revise now . Thanks . SS
Please let me know if you never received . I had this hand delivered to you on Friday . ss
Is this the deal we lost ? Please tell me what you know . ss p.s . Welcome back .
The disappearance of a price index is a "Market Disruption Event" discussed in Section 7 of Annex A to the confirmation . Unless an "Alternative Floating Price Source" is described in the confirmation , the Floating Price on the first available Trading Day ( without a disruption ) is utilized if the disruption does not exceed three Business Days; otherwise , the price is "determined in good faith by Company , by taking the average of two or more dealer quotes." At the moment , your confirm does not identify alternative pricing .
There are a few credit issues here . I have a 9:30 am call with Cargill . SS
I just sent a fax to Chip Rainey . No attachments . Thanks . SS
FYI
El Paso is a "high volume" CP with an existing ECT Master . Marie , there is a 9/1/99 note in Lotus Notes that the CP to email its form of Schedule . What have we received ? Shouldn't we be pushing this ISDA ? Can someone prepare credit ?
This is a "high volume" counterparty . Shouldn't we be pursuing an ISDA to replace the existing ECT Master ? Susan , your last entry was 3/9/99 . SS
This is a "high volume" trading counterparty . Shouldn't we negotiate an ISDA to replace the existing master ? SS
Jeff: I thought we should update the situation particularly in light of the problems that Willie runs up against . Can you give me a call and let's discuss . Thanks . Sara
The east and west power desks are creating slightly different floating price language for some of the power pools . The west desk wants "negative prices" to be averaged in as "zeroes"; the east desk wants to average in all prices "positive or negative" . I'm inclined to let the traders do as they wish . I can't seem to get an explanation for the difference in approach ( in each instance ENA may take either side of the deal) . The confirm desk will have to pay attention to the source of the confirms to use the correct pricing language . I don't know if this will create an on-line trading issue . What do you think ? Sara
Are we still on for a lunch at the Big G tomorrow ? I'm flying to NO in the morning . Your voice mail didn't pick up on your phone this morning ( 504/898-1909) . Please call and I'll even try you again . Sara
attached is the form . no premium . Also , we need to use that introductory paragraph about "mutual promises , etc,"
I will be out of the office tomorrow . Please have the call if you think it necessary . Thanks . Sara
I'm checking into to provide help . SS
Per my voice mail . Also , for YOUR use , I am attaching a "form" of gas tolling agreement . Brent also has a "confirmation" related to a master . Let me know if you've already handled . Thanks . SS
Per David's request , I'm attaching a ( very old ) form from Houston , not often used here anymore . I'm not sending this directly to David ( if only to avoid "form shopping") . Let me know if I can be of further assistance . Thanks . Sara
I just spoke with Lawyer Burlingame and we're on for lunch . My flight arrives at 10:45 and I'll drop off my bag and head for Galatoire's . Look forward to seeing you . ss P.S . My dad would like to treat us to lunch using "his waiter" who I think is named Michael .
In my absence on Friday , Dec . 10 , please contact Susan Flynn ( X30975 ) with any questions . Sara
This is FYI only since I'll be out tomorrow . I have never spoken with Bruce . Nothing will happen tomorrow . Thanks . Sara
Bruce: I'm out of the office tomorrow but will be back Monday . Let's talk then please . Sara
Doug: Per our conversation , will you please forward to me and Sami a copy of the recent tolling agreement ? Thanks . Sara
Mark and I met with Mark Haedicke regarding utilities and the need for a legal opinion from the utility counterparty . We have agreed with Mark as follows: 1 . Our negotiations with investor owned utilities should be based upon our standard ISDA Schedule ( ISDA Multicurrency Agreement ) AND including the "Additional Termination Event" . Neither party should be required to provide a legal opinion . 2 . Investor owned utilites will be approved for online trading from a legal viewpoint . The extra "Additional Termination Event" paragraph is not currently included in the GTC's but COULD be incorporated if there is a revision to the online agreement . 3 . Our position with respect to municipals/municipal owned utilities , federal/state/local owned utilities and cooperatives remains unchanged . We should still utilize and update the "municipal ISDA" form , and , require a legal opinion from the counterparty . In that regard , Susan Flynn has been working on an "omnibus" format for an electric co-op ( Deseret Generation and Transmission Co-operative) , an earlier version of which could be used as a template for a municipal omnibus confirmation . FYI - just in case . SS
I have no changes from last week . Sara
Call me anytime today . 713/853-5620 . Thanks . Sara
Good to hear from you!! ! I'm looking forward to hearing about your stay in Brazil . Are you back in Houston ? Let's have lunch . Sorry about the guide . It sounds like a larger , well established hotel will have the edge on tourism information .
ENA booked a July-August , 2000 deal with this counterparty . Is this company a municipal ? Have you agreed to governing law and arbitration ? SS
I think it's the first doc . Check the "Re" for the deal number . Thanks . Sara
Per my voice mail , you can see the floating price index language ( power and gas ) that I need . Please email or fax so that I can insert it into my draft confirm . Thanks . Sara
please print these for me . thanks . ss
Danny: I did not recieve new documents last night . When can I expect something ? Sara
I wanted to sent you a holiday card but , alas , the mysterious Sam has no address . I guess I could send it to your lessee in the Big Easy ( remember , the doctor living in the marina ) but he may not appreciate the beauty of the card . Please email your address . Hope you had a "Happy Chanukah" . I was in BR to celebrate with my family - Jennifer is 15 and Zachary will be 13 on January 1 . My parents are slowing down but Deb and Steve are not . Deb ordered some brisket and latkes from the 2nd Ave . deli in NY and the food was awful . Sara
I haven't heard anything further about this deal . Attached is a framework for future revision . SS
yes
Attached is a draft of a swaption based upon the term sheet reviewed the other day . Elizabeth has not reviewed yet and I still have some lingering questions . ss
This is scheduled to close on Friday ( don't know what time) . It's Gareth's deal . Enron Corp . is swap CP with a trust . Don't know who is signing for Enron Corp . Please C me to discuss and raise logistical issues . Thanx . SS
FYI Are you OK with this deal ? I may have a few questions . SS
I don't know who's working on this deal , so I'm forwarding docs to you all . Tax reps look ok to me . [see Total Return Swap Confirmation - Sec . 3.2; Schedule - Part 5(l ) and requirement that swap counterparty which is Enron Corp . deliver IRS 'Forms 1001 or 4224] . Please leave me voice mail or email . Thanks . Sara ps . this closes Friday morning
Please confirm the Enron Corp . account for the swap: Citibank
I think that this transaction is called "Project Moosehead" . I have a meeting on it this morning . Please comment to the draft I sent to you yesterday . I don't know if the structure works . I couldn't decide upon the format; it also looks like a cap . Thanks . SS
RECAP: This is Project Moosehead . After the meeting , we determined that the transaction should be structured as a cap and not a swaption . The Fixed Price is the premium . The Strike is the Cap Price ( remember , strikes are for options and strikes are cap/floor in those deals) . We'll need to revise today to send in the morning . CP is "Merrill Lynch Capital Services , Inc." . Enron party normally is ENA but we may change to EPMI and create a new ISDA Master for the deal . There must be a zero floor ( ie , no negative payments in the other direction) . Don't worry about weekend quotes yet because we may eliminate weekends and extend the term of the deal . Could you begin revising ? Also , do the calculations work ? Please feel free to call me as I'm buried in my office today and things change as the day goes on . SS Let's cancel . OK ?
I'll send you a brief comparison of the ERMS/Merrill ISDA from 1992 with ENA's typical ISDA used in 1999 by the morning . Am currently working to produce the confirm format . SS
Please make sure that I am on the distribution list for ALL documentation . I only have the swap confirm/schedule . Thanks . Sara
Attached is a brief comparison of differences .
This is the doc for revision . We need it asap . Thanks . SS
Please verify fax number for Enron Corp. , VP Finance and Treasury ( for the purpose of receiving notices of default )
Please print asap . Thanks . ss
no , not yet
Mike means "Mark Taylor" . Would you please let me know if Mark wants me to finalize . Thanks . ss
The Schedule calls for the exchange of Tax Certificates , being IRS Form 1001 ( your latest revision) .
The ISDA Schedule calls for the delivery of IRS Form 1001 .
I will not be able to make the call tomorrow . Sara
This is the deal that Susan F . worked on on Friday . I'll forward the Schedule to you . No one is asking for a revised Schedule yet but we should make the change and email the parties on Susan's email so that everyone knows the latest changes and then ask if anyone has comments . ss
Here's the message I just referneced . ss
Lynn: Weren't you going to take a look at the Trader Guidelines for Argentina ? Let me know if you have any questions or if I can help you further . Thanks . SS
Could you please print . ss
Yes , the deal is currently being negotiated ( by Rodney) . I haven't heard any details . It was originally planned to close after X-mas but maybe it will happen in the next few days . FYI - I'll be out of the office after X-mas until next year . SS
The account number in the confirmation is correct . Please add "without duplication" language to the Floating Amount calculation .
I normally wouldn't forward these messages but this is funny !
per vm
see Part 5 ( l )
Enron Corp . has NOT agreed to: 1 . Credit Event Upon Merger 2 . Added Payer reps ( or other tax related changes ) 3 . Waiver of Jury Trial I think Barclays may back down from the Cross Default changes . Sheryl wants to stet her changes to "Automatic Early Termination." Sheryl does need to see the other Ghost template changes . Call if you have any questions . 713-853-5620 Sara
With respect to Part 2 , Tax Reps and Part 5(l ) deletion , the Enron Corp . tax group is fine with the changes ( although these are not necessary) . Also , Enron will deliver forms as Barclays wishes . Let me know if you have any questions . Sara
Attached is the latest draft of the "Daily Call Option" confirmation between EPMI and Merrill Lynch Capital Services , Inc . This is the same draft that Rodney received on Friday , Dec . 17 .
1 . The Enron company is "ENA" 2 . How many Calculation Periods will there be ? December is a short month if the Transaction begins on 12/25/99 . Will the first payment be due in early January ? If you intend three ( 3 ) payments to be made , then the Calc . Periods are from 12/25-12/31 , January , 2/1-2/22 . 3 . Is this a 24-hour index or is it limited to peak hours as defined by I left a message for Joe Hunter ( confirmation desk - Ext . 33316 ) to be prepared for this Transaction . Brent: would you please verify the Floating Price ? Thanks .
Just to be certain that the EES entity that might enter into the swap is eligible , you should verify that it ( 1 ) has total assets in excess of $10 million or ( 2 ) has a net worth of $1 million and enters into the swap agreement in connection with the conduct of its business or to manage the risk of an asset or liability owned or incurred in the conduct of its business or reasonably likely to be owned or incurred in the conduct of its business .
I have been unable to reach Ana Sonia by phone as she has not returned to the office and has not returned my telephone calls . So , we are preparing execution copies of the ISDA and will have these signed by ENA . We will faand Federal Express these to EDEN with a cover letter explaining to fax thesignature page back , when they can expect the Enron Corp . guaranty and whenwe can expect their opinion of counsel . I will also explain this to Ana Sonia by separate fax . I just spoke with Jeff Kable and explained this tohim . Susan Bailey is here all day but she is out next week ( and I am outnext week as well) . However , Marie Heard will help out next week . Let meknow if you have any questions . Sara
Automatic Termination Provision: If the legal opinion required to be delivered by Counterparty pursuant to Part 3 of the Schedule to the Agreement is not delivered to ENA by December 29 , 1999 , then this Transaction shall automatically terminate on December 29 , 1999 without further action or payment required by either party .
I did speak with Ana Soria . Her only concern was the legal opinion . I faxed her the format for the legal opinion and attached a cover sheet which indicated that ENA must receive the executed opinion by the close of business on December 29 . I've attached a copy of the fax cover sheet . Also , Joe Hunter has added the "Automatic Termination" provision into the confirmation . Have a happy holiday . Sara
Pending execution of a master agreement , Amoco transactions continue to be documented under the omnibus . Willie has brought to my attention three issues which continue to be raised by Amoco: 1 . Procedures for entering into Transactions: deletion of response within 2 Business Days after receipt of confirmation and failure to respond as conclusive evidence of Transaction 2 . Setoff: there doesn't seem to be an "Affliliate" issue but I'm not certain of their comment to setoff applicable against a "derivative amount" ( are they attempting to prevent setoff against physical amounts owing ? or only trying to clarify that unpaid "derivative amounts" can be setoff against other amounts due? ) 3 . Choice of law: change to NY I thought you could address these issues in your negotiations and let Willie know how to handle . I've left confirm in your office . Thanks . Sara
I should be in immediately after my 8:30 am appointment . Sara
Attached is the most recent draft of the guidelines . Please let me have your comments . Sara
Happy New Year , and , did we ever do a back-to-back ( RMT/Enron Comercializadora Argentina ) deal for this transaction ?
Mark , we should rotate the desk ( as per this email) . Shall I speak to the group or would you prefer to do it ? SS
Here's the original blackline . Leave me a voice mail with the names and I'll revise my latest blackline today so that we can satisfy Cargil . SS
see the doc below for making revisions . ss
Attached is the form of guaranty ( blacklined to the draft that Russell sent in early December ) with my comments and Clement's comments . Let's discuss and forward to Cargill . SS
Happy New Year ! Attached is a new draft of the Enron Corp . guaranty which incorporates Andrzej's comments of Dec. , 1999 based upon exchanges with Russell Diamond ( Enron credit - physical) . Tanya Rohauer ( Enron credit - financial ) is faxing Andrzej a copy of this guaranty as well . I need to catch up on our previous discussion regarding the Schedule; you should have received a draft of our Credit Support Annex just before the holidays . I will touch base with you in a few days . Sara
Deseret ( omnibus ) Thanks . ss
Per my voice mail , attached is the redlined version . See Paragraph 4 . Thanks . ss
Attached is a draft SP 15 on peak confirm which you may send to Delano . SS
Would you please give me a call to discuss the legal opinion . After 10 am Houston time is fine . Happy New Year . SS
Please have the attached guaranty executed . SS
We received your lease information yesterday afternoon and will call early next week . Sara
check font size
Would you please supply me with the notice information required on page 4 of the draft Schedule . Thanks . Sara
I will be unable to conference on Jan.11 . I have no news to report other than we are finalizing Argentina financial trading guidelines . Sara
Email Tambra for the remaining information . SS
I shouldn't be too late . ss
Joe: see the attachment for a draft confirm . Pat: Here's Julian's proposal .
Follow up from Brent -
Is anyone interested in joining me for Portuguese lessons ? Do you know anyone else who might be interested as well ? Sara
ENA has been negotiating an ISDA with Statoil . I was advised by Chuck O'Brien this morning that Statoil also trades with ECTRIC and that he received an omnibus confirm from ECTRIC this morning . Statoil will not sign the omnibus but would like to put an ISDA in place with ECTRIC and have the trade subject to that ISDA . ENA should finalize its ISDA soon . Would ECTRIC like to duplicate ? Happy New Year ! Sara
I hear that a binding agreement and/or PPA was signed with MOEMA for a 10-year transaction . Do you have an English version of the MOU or PPA ? Details ? Thanks . Sara
Pat: Do we need to talk ?
Here's the confirm
Here's the attached termsheet
FYI: Enron South America has requested a new account for CIESA deal . I'm also forwarding Bruce's message which requests 2 accounts . Sara
Second message from Bruce .
Attached are drafts for: ( 1 ) Short cover letter to be signed by ENA ( Scott Neal ) requesting quotes ( 2 ) Draft proposal for discussion purposes ( 3 ) Draft confirmation format Please review for accuracy and call/email to discuss . Thanks . Sara
I'm still reviewing the ISDA but I asked Marie to prepare an omnibus to send Thurs . morning . SS
Just to be on the safe side , are you familiar with this and/or should I call Rick if we have questions ? A second email to follow . Thanks . SS
the second email
FYI
Marie is not in the office today; your direct contact should be Susan Bailey I spoke earlier with Rick Hopkinson who indicated that the account will probably be for the benefit of EPCA . We need to verify a few details ( account party , purpose , resolutions , authorized trader list , etc.) . Also , will the broker be Morgan ? Nancy , since you will be working on the authorizations , please keep in mind that Ted Murphy will limit authorized traders to the Houston equity traders(and perhaps Bruce ) for control purposes . I believe we had to change the Enron Brazil Power Holding XII Ltd . resolutions in that regard . I'll verify . Susan and I will wait to hear from one of you in Sao Paulo . I called about 10 minutes ago and no one was available . Thanks . Sara
Thanks for the tax article . It's the published version of the one I sent to you in September , 99 . Also , you were going to select a date at the end of January when we could teleconference to discuss Argentine issues , and , you were going to send to me the term sheet in use in Argentina . Thanks . Sara
Please let me know what you think so that Nancy can forward to lawyers . ss
I just wanted to touch base with you about efforts to keep good lines of communication between B.A . and Houston about trading activity in Argentina and Brazil ( both financial and physical) . I participate in Randy's weekly conference calls and Brent tells me that you have now undertaken that role in B.A . As you know , sometimes proposals and deals "slip through the cracks" and Houston is taken by surprise . We want to remain current and proactive . Please feel free to leave me an email or voice mail when you learn of any relevant activitiy . I ,  in turn , communicate directly with credit in Houston ( Pat Cini or Rod Nelson ) and tax in Houston ( Lynn Aven or Rick Hopkinson or Michael Herman) . If you ever feel the need for a conference call , I'm always available and I'm sure credit and tax would be glad to join . Also , I hold a weekly Friday conference call with Brent and Lynn to discuss current trading issues in Argentina and Brazil . Thanks . Sara
Should we invite one of the tax lawyers to our weekly meeting to discuss new forms and answer any tax questions ? ss
I am trying to distinguish these two types of entities both practically ( what are we able to negotiate ) and legally ( what do we really need in our Schedule) . I am also interested in your experiences in dealing with these parties . ENA's form of "municipal" Schedule ( "the ENA Schedule" ) was essentially taken from the 1992 ISDA U.S . Municipal Counterparty Schedule ( "the ISDA Schedule") . In addition to other provisions , the ISDA Schedule ( 1 ) adds reps designed to avoid "an Orange County" type meltdown and ( 2 ) incorporates the concept of "Incipient Illegality" ( which occurs before the Termination Event of Illegality) . The "Incipient Illegality" concept is used in Section 2(a)(iii ) ( obligations ) as well as the Section 3 ( reps ) of the ISDA Schedule: the concept is added to the Section 3(b ) rep ( "..absence of Event of Default , Potential Event of Default , Incipient Illegality...) , and for purposes of notifying the other party of its occurrence . Interestingly enough , the ENA Schedule does not include the Section 3(b ) rep change . I think we need to add this change to ENA's Schedule . With respect to IOUs , we need to clarify our position on "Regulatory Development" ( which is actually a watered-down "Incipient Illegality" concept) . If such an event occurs , ENA should be advised of the event ( Notice) . But , does ENA really want the ability to terminate trades at mid-market ( "Additional Termination Event" ) or simply to have this event included as part of a Section 3(b ) rep such that the occurrence of the event merely triggers an Event of Default at ENA's side of the curve ( for breach of the Section 3(b ) rep) ? I have found that negotiating with IOUs for the "Notice" provision can be difficult . Extracting the Additional Termination Event is tough . Arguing for a Section 3(b ) change may be easier ( and would mirror the municipal format) . I think ENA really needs the ability to decide when to halt trading with a counterparty experiencing a Regulatory Development ( which we may only learn about through notice from the counterparty) . Thus , I recommend that for IOUs , we add a notice provision and Section 3(b ) rep change incorporating our latest definition of "Regulatory Development." But we really have to negotiate for this protection . Otherwise , why bother to include this additional language ? What do you think ?
I have reviewed Tana's list of North American utilities and have the following comments: ( 1 ) I have tried to eliminate all governmentals and regulated entities . However , I suggest that we ask Kevin Leitao to take a quick review for obvious errors . ( However , I don't want Kevin to prepare unlimited research on our behalf . I'll discuss with him) . ( 2 ) I suggest that we ask Canadian counsel to review Canadian utilities on authority/regulatory issues . In my experience , Canadian outside counsel was reluctant to even comment on utilities located in provinces other than outside counsel's domicile . ( 3 ) The online omnibus does not contain the ISDA Section 3(c ) rep as to absence of litigation . This rep drags in governmental bodies and all agencies ( hence , a state PUC) . Thus , online parties will rep as to authority to transact each time they trade but we will not know about potential PUC issues . ( Under the ISDA , a party would have to notifiy us of a "Regulatory Development" and we may have an Event of Default for failure to notify; we may also have a Termination Event under our current format) .
Would someone please provide me with an explanation of the purpose of this account . Thanks . Sara
Please see attached . Thanks . Sara
I hope Bruce's explanation is sufficient ! Please call me if you have any other questions . Thanks . Sara
I don't know if you have spoken with Susan Flynn about her schedule before/after her surgery , but I have some questions that you may have already addressed , such as: Has Susan prepared a matrix reflecting the status of documentation ( i.e. , existing masters , agreements to use ENA master/terminate counterparty master,etc. ) with the various CES counterparties ? Carol mentioned that she could finalize this project . Will someone receive be checking Susan's email and voice mail and physical mail each day ? What efforts ( if any ) are ongoing with respect to PGE ? What about existing files ? Top Tens ( Swiss Re) ? Any ISDA comparisons could be accelerated by giving directly to attorneys . Who will prepare reports for legal/credit meeting ? Who is entering year-end deals onto Lotus Notes ? Should Susan Bailey handle per Carol's suggestion ? I'm sure that everyone in the group would appreciate a better understanding of how to handle the situation . Thanks . Sara
Can you email a copy of the "Loan and Security Agreement" to me at sshackl@enron.com ? I can then redline suggested changes to your agreement . Thanks . If you need to call , I'm at ( 713 ) 853-5620 . Thanks . Sara
I am following up with MS but I haven't received your answer . Will advise when I hear back . SS
Are the certificate(s ) to be issued by BONY restricted or common ? ( sounds like restricted and to be issued in the name of PEP ) I think that we can lodge the physical securities at MS ( in the vault ) for the account of Enron....Holdings XII with a stock power from PEP . Are we headed in the same direction here ? SS
You'll need this draft for later use . SS
Morgan Stanley has advised me this morning of the following with respect to accounts: 1 . The name of the account must be identical to the name of the certificate holder . 2 . An account holding only a certificate(s ) is subject to a minimum equity requirement of USD 500,000 . As the certificate holder is the Brazilian company PEP , the broker will require additonal equity . I am still awaiting a broker response as to whether the certificate holder can execute a stock power in favor of the account holder thereby enabling us to lodge the certificate(s ) in the existing ( Enron Brazil Power Holdings XII ) account . Alternatively , the certificate(s ) can be held in the Enron Corp . vault . Robert , when do you need to respond to BONY ?
Could someone please follow up on the status of this CP . Thanks . Sara
I would like to take the following days in February as vacation days: February 3,4,18 Please let me know if this presents a conflict . Thanks . Sara
I'll need the file -
Gosh , I had totally forgotten! ! That Friday makes for a long President's Day weekend which I was trying to arrange . Will this lunch be too difficult to reschedule ? Just let me know . Thanks . Sara P.S . Are you feeling better ? You missed our group meeting . I asked what I thought was an innocent question about the legal survey database since it was related to part of our discussion . BIG MISTAKE . Tana was explosive . Sorry you missed it .
McISDA is sprouting Golden Arches . Although we have a serious legal issue , I think the CP really wants to develop a long term relationship with Enron and will overcome the problem . Also , CP is interested in eliminating a Credit Support Annex and will call Tanya ( or already has called her) . Call me and I'll give you the scoop . Sara
The ADR certificate(s ) can be directed to Donna Lowry for safekeeping as follows: Enron North America Corp . EB 2407 1400 Smith Street Houston , Texas 77002 Donna is a compliance officer for ENA and affiliates . You can reach her at
I have been receiving the "Enron International Southern Cone" list of projects ( updated weekly ) for the B.A . office for quite some time . As you know , it covers trading Projects and Claims/Litigation/Regulatory . Is there a similar list prepared for projects originating in Brazil ? I would like to recieve such a list as would the parties copied above . Please let me know . Regards . Sara
We are currently updating our database of brokerage agreements for Ted Murphy . We only show two ( 2 ) executed agreements for ECTRIC and/or UK SPVs . These include agreements that ECTRIC has with Fimat Futures UK Limited and Paribas Futures , Inc . If other such agreements have been executed , would you please advise and send copies to Houston . Ted will now keep a duplicate set of agreements . Also , would any other European locations have executed brokerage or futures agreements ? If you have any questions , please call . Regards . Sara
ENA can confirm the transaction on our "omnibus confirmation" with one or two minor changes ( Joe: please call me) . Also , ENA sent a draft ISDA Master Agreement to Puget Sound Energy on 3/9/99 . If you anticipate more financial trading , please let me know as we should pursue execution of the ISDA Master Agreement . Thanks . Sara
Please respond . Thanks . SS
Mark: have you spoken with Brent or the Marval firm about this ? Please call me when you have a chance . Thanks . Sara
Have you and Mark ever discussed this ? Have you spoken with Marval ? I'd really like some more information . Thanks . SS P.S . Is tomorrow a holdiay in BA ?
FYI
Can we schedule a conference call ? Sara
I have two ( 2 ) tickets for "Wit" playing at the Alley Theatre for Friday , Feb . 11 ( 8 pm , Sec . 4 , Row G) . Let me know if you are interested . No charge . Sara
Let's enter into the database . I'll meet with you shortly to discuss further . Thanks . Sara
Attached is a redline based upon the document generated by you . I'm sure there will be many items for discussion and I look forward to hearing from you . Regards . Sara
Happy New Year ! I was hoping you could respond to some issues raised by Enron's Argentine commercial group . They have told me the following: ( 1 ) An association known as the "Argentine Association of Derivatives" has developed a document currently being circulated in the Argentine market for use in the near term . It is in Spanish and it is not an ISDA . It is a "short" document ( i.e. , much shorter than a standard ISDA Master Agreement and ISDA Credit Support Annex) . ( 2 ) This document is being prepared by experienced professionals . Are you involved in this effort ? Is ISDA involved ? Perhaps we could schedule a conference call and/or you could provide me with an accurate account of any local activity in connection with the foregoing . If ISDA is not being used in Argentina for commodity swaps and derivatives , Enron needs to understand the issues and current discussions about derivatives transactions . I look forward to hearing from you . Regards . Sara
Let's verify that this is an IOU . The Master should be sent to the attention of Dave Brown and you should advise Cary of when it was sent to the customer . He may want a copy . ps Remind me to give you both copies of Tana's utility analysis . Also , Marie , let's talk about the utility language and circulate for comment .
Happy New Year ! Just wondering if you had an opportunity to review the CSA and comment . Drop me a line or call 713/853-5620 . Thanks . Sara
I would like to pursue with Marval . Should we meet to discuss ? Sara
Joe Hunter no longer handles financial power . Please refer to names below . Thanks . Sara
Brent: Gabby Aguilar(? ) from BA has requested Lynn for an "immediate white paper" addressing tax issues for physical ( power , gas and I don't know what else ) and financial trading in Argentina . What phone call on Thursday were you referring to on your voice mail ? I'll try to call you in about an hour . Sara
I still need to revise the agreement for the bank/broker . I need the exact name of the lender and an addressee . Smith Barney was sent to Steve Piasio . Thanks . Sara
Here's my goof ! Give me a call . Sara
Lynn will come to my office at 9 am . Julian will try to be here too but he has an 8am meeting and may be late . I can call you if you like , but just let me know which number . SS P.S . Shall I just schedule a call with you and Mark ?
Sorry to keep sending emails BUT my assistant just walked in and said that you were expecting a presentation by Mark Taylor on the phone call . To my knowledge , Mark doesn't know anything about this call ( your email of 1/17 doesn't mention Mark) . So , I'm totally confused . If we are going to discuss the term sheet process and related tax issues , let's do it . If you want to cancel because you are expecting something different , please let me know ( and advise Lynn and Julian) . Thanks .
Let me know if you have comments or want to discuss further . P.S . to Rod: We need to talk about Basin
I spoke briefly with Gary Perlmutter who now represents the parent Sempra Energy but who told me that restrictions on the regulated utility have been lifted by the CA PUC . I will verify ( or I'll give you his name , etc . and you can speak with him directly ) when the SDG&E lawyer returns my call . Thus I am not sure that your online efforts require limitation . I will also inquire about SDG&E's online objectives . SS
I'm available as well . Sara
Of course . Just let me know what deadline you would like . SS
I am finalizing the docs and we should coordinate with Julian . You may want to let Scott Neal know that we will need his signature . SS
That will be fine . Sara
Holly Krebbs just did a deal with these guys ( short form ) but they want to negotiate an ISDA . We need to send an updated form to them . Will there be any credit changes ?
Central Puerto has been unresponsive to Marie's requests for original documents . Can someone please contact Marie and help us speak with the counterparty ? Thanks . Sara
We will need to update this ISDA on our new , revised , fantastic format!! ! I'll have to find out who to send it to . SS
FYI - Brent please call . Sounds like we ought to accelerate our plan . SS
Could this be an alternative to our recording issue ?
Thanks . SS
Attached is a short letter advising subs/affiliates of ENA of existing brokerage and futures accounts . I thought these should be sent to the general counsel and CFO/Treasurer of each company . Please let me know your comments , frequency of review , whether any other group should monitor , etc . Each attached Exhibit will contain only a list of accounts . I have not included account numbers but we can do so and include any other information you consider relevant . Remember , the only other "brokerage account matrix" which we have produced is a quick view of brokerage firms and Enron companies . Thanks .
In discussing the Omnibus with outside counsel on a deal , I am not clear that the definition of "Loss" picks up the concept of "Unpaid Amounts." Arguably it does ( although the concept of "Unpaid Amounts" is built into the ECT Master upon which the Omnibus was based for Early Termination for Events of Default but not followed through entirely for Accelerated Termination Date) . My guess is that we decided that Omnibus "Loss" pv of economic loss includes both past amounts owed/subsequent valuation . Can you recall ?
Can we schedule a short call on Tuesday to discuss the local Argentine derivatives issue ? I am not free at 10 - 11 am or after 2:30 pm . Houston . Also , have you been able to confirm whether Don is the man in charge in Brazil ? Sara
Great ! I'll call you at 1pm Houston time . SS
Who is handling the amendment ?
Can you give me a little more info on this topic ? Is anyone in Houston involved ? I just want to make certain that we haven't missed anything in the process . Thanks . Sara
FYI - I will be out of the office on Feb . 3 and 4 . Let me know if you want to reschedule earlier . Thanks . Sara
Per our conversation with Dan F. , ENA needs to understand issues related to the distinction between "investor owned utilities" ( or "IOUs" ) and municipal utilities ( or "municipals" ) in connection with derivatives activity . In the U.S. , this distinction enables us to treat IOUs as general corporates . Thus , we negotiate our standard ISDA Master with an IOU , except that we add an Additional Termination Event to prevent the IOU from taking an adverse stance in its state public utility commission proceedings . A copy of that Additional Termination Event is attached for your review . Our approach with respect to municipals is dramatically different . When negotiating an ISDA Master with municipals , we use a Schedule modeled after the 1992 U.S . Municipal Counterparty Schedule , having additional reps , the added concept of "Incipient Illegality" and an enforceability opinion . A copy of that Schedule is also attached for your reference . We would like to understand whether this distinction also exists in Canada , and if so , in all Canadian provinces , and whether there is a distinction when a municipal is an investor in an IOU ( as we understand that the government may assist a utility to emerge from bankruptcy) . In that regard , would you recommend that ENA use distinct ISDA Schedules for these types of entities and/or would you recommend specific changes to our format ?
Should we be entrenched in this type of activity ? I'm not even sure that we find out about all of ESA's ideas . Sara
What is the issue ? I have no idea if anyone is looking at this . Sara
It sure sounds like you have your hands full with the restructuring ! I have been trying to get a better grasp of the deal flow in Brazil through some type of "Deal Report" . In Houston and Argentina , the business groups circulate a transaction listing . Also , legal in both Houston and Argentina circulate a listing from Legal's perspective . Is a commercial team deal report circulated weekly in Brazil , and if so , can I be added to the circulation ? I will ask Randy if he can circulate his list . It would be helpful for me when we have our weekly conference call . In that regard , what is "Alcan" , the PPA which may eventually serve as a template ? I am glad to prepare some type of module as Randy suggested which sets forth basic Enron Corp . and/or trading policy as to certain issues ( force majeure , governing law , dispute resolution , damages , etc.) , Let's coordinate for the seminar which you are organizing for March . Thanks . Sara
Looks like he's an expat in Singapore .
Definitely Thursday or Friday - just let me know so that I don't leave and lock it up !
Just wondering if you had a chance to comment on the "advisory memo" to be sent to the Enron subs/affiliates regarding brokerage agreements . I have no real deadlines , only a self-imposed deadline so that we can get this thing organized and running on a regular basis . I would appreciate your input . I'll be out of the office Feb . 3 7&4; maybe we can chat early next week . Thanks . Sara
Jeff Nogid has called about putting some ENE masters in place . I have already spoken with Clement about this . ENE will be trading FX , interest rate and equities through Gary's group . Jeff mentioned names such as Merrill Lynch Cap . Services , Credit Suisse and Sumitomo . He will obtain specific names and contacts at the various firms and forward that information to me and/or Shari . We'll let you know . Sara
Under separate cover , I will fax to you a copy of the February 6 , 1998 legal opinion which , from my research , created the "issue" between SG&E and Enron North America Corp. , formerly Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . It might be easiest if SD&G reissues the opinion without the qualification contained in Paragraph 5 . Please let me know what you think . Regards . Sara
I am negotiating an ISDA on behalf of ENA with an Australian corporate insisting upon a legal opinion ( enforceability ) with respect to the Enron Corp . guaranty . Is this a customary request by Australian corporates that you would normally grant ? If so , who has issued the opinion ? I look forward to your reply . Regards . Sara
I'll be out of the office Feb . 3 & 4 . Carol is attending a class on Feb . 3 . Please direct inquiries to lawyers present on those two days . Kaye Ellis knows how to reach me in Baton Rouge .
I just received a message from Anna Chung ( ? ) at Merrill re: the ENE master . Her number is 212-449-7494 . I also left vm for Jeff to send down deemed ISDA's or other confirms . SS
I just finished neogtiating Annex A with this CP and its lawyer for the 8-month financial deal effective 2/1/00 . The CP is anxious to receive an ISDA so that the ISDA will govern this transaction and future transactions . Please let me know who will prepare credit ( since the CP knows my phone number and is awaiting receipt of a draft!) . Thanks . Sara
James Hardie Australia Finance Pty . Limited Thanks for the response . I'll let you know what I conclude ( or am able to negotiate!) . Please keep me updated . Sara
Absolutely !
Tracy Ngo will be preparing credit for an ISDA . The draft should be sent to ( Steve ) Morus at the CP ( check the green file because we've done an omnibus) . You can insert NY law but no other omnibus changes need to be made . Thanks . Sara
FYI
Test sent message , please reply . Felix .
reply test2 . Felix
Drop by . We've been trading financial power for over a year . Not many deals , though . Enron North America Corp .
We need a new ISDA using our current form changes . Sara
FYI - we may need to revise . Does this ISDA have our new changes ?
email address is correct but I am not Carol St . Clair ( the next name in your list) .
We need to contact these guys before our legal/credit meeting . Let me know if you want me to make the contact . SS
Have you sorted through the ENE ISDA masters with Jeff Nogid ? Should I call him again ? Anyway , it looks like another request is attached . Sara
I never heard back from you last week . Can we continue to send this report monthly ? Some addressees have changed . Sara
Feb . 17 is good for me .
Was the meeting this morning cancelled ? Rick Hopkinson and I waited for about fifteen minutes . Sara
Does this sound familiar ?
Hi ! I'm the ENA lawyer with whom you will be speaking with respect to this Master Agreement . I know that Marie Heard has called you regarding your review of this document and I was hoping to facilitate that discussion . Please let me know if you have specific questions and/or if we can schedule a conference call . You can reach me via email of ( 713 ) 853-5620 . Thanks . Sara
per my voice mail
Are we also trying to put an ISDA in place ?
Sounds like an interesting meeting . SS
I received a call from Jay Boudreaux ( CTG group working with paper & pulp ) about presenting "agreements" to the lender ( Paribas ) for review in connection with the loan for construction of the mill . I know that Jarrod has prepared "draft confirms" for these companies but I don't know if anyone has raised the ISDA issue . Sounds like too many hands in the pot but the bank may really need to see Master Swap Agreements . Let me know if this has already been addressed . Thanks . Sara
( 1 ) I have to leave early this evening to pick up pets ( about 5:45 ) ( 2 ) Just a thought after seeing Shari's email: would the paralegals and/or lawyers benefit from the two seminars "Successful Working Relationships" ( valuing differences; creating understanding) ? Should this be mandatory with some type of follow up to help improve group communication skills ?
I am in the process of finalizing the ISDA and need for you to provide me with a definition of the "Cross Border Lease" for insertion into Paragraph 12 of the Credit Support Annex . I will need to refer to the lease in several places . Thanks . Sara
I generally don't forward this kind of stuff but this seemed interesting -
Why not ? I offered him the opportunity to choose his "investment Bar Mitzvah gift"!!! ! ( or else I make the selection in his behalf )
What is a cardio cath ? Was she having problems . Zach is not a little guy . I'm going for an allergy shot . I'm so tired that I'm getting to be boring . I wish Mother had email . We could have 3-way discussions . Sas
Here's the document . I'll bring the changes to you shortly . Thanks . Sara
Can we get together and review the outstanding issues ? How about this afternoon or tomorrow morning ? Sara
Thank you , dahling , for the lovely card . I'm thinking of you as well ( but I ALWAYS think of you) . I'll be thinking of you when I am in New York and especially when I pass by Ferragamo . And when I pass by Tiffany's . I hope your day is filled with valentines . Love , Sas
How about 9 am tomorrow morning in my office ?
This was the "explanation" that I forwarded to Shari for dealing with Canadian utilities , munis , etc . I'll follow up with her when you have identified specific Canadian counterparties or provinces which are needed for EOL . Sara
Is 9 am OK ?
Can you please advise of legal holidays in Brazil during the remainder of February and March ? I don't know how many days Mardi Gras/lent last . I need to plan future trips to Sao Paulo . Thanks . Sara
Would you please send a calendar of legal holidays in Argentina for 2000 ? At the moment , I need to plan for the remainder of February and March . Thanks . Sara
Sami: Can we schedule a short conference call to discuss ? I am in the office all week except for Friday ( and Monday , February 21 is a legal holiday in the U.S. ) Please let me know your availability . Maybe you can select from the following this week: Tues , 2/15: 10:30 am until 1 pm , after 2 pm Wed. , 2/16: 9 am until 10 am , 11am until 2 pm , after 3 pm Thurs. , 2/17: 1 pm until 4 pm All of the foregoing times are Houston times . Also , I am trying to verify holidays in Brazil for the remainder of the year . Is Bracewell looking at early or late March ? Thanks . Sara
Great !
FYI: Ed Quinn advises that he is once again in negotiations with P&G for a 5 year , 50,000T/yr SWAPTION . When our prior negotiations with P&G were halted , we were waiting to review P&G's proposed alternative ( or variation ) to
Would you please incorporate all holidays for Enron Corp. , Enron Argentina and ESB ( Brazil ) onto my calendar ? Thanks . Sara
Attached is a clean and redline version of your document with Enron North America Corp.'s suggested changes . Please call me to discuss when you have had an opportunity to review . Also , does your document contain "coding" information ? I was a bit confused by some of the characters appearing in your version . Regards . Sara
I will be out of the office on Friday . Monday is President's Day . Shari or Carol may be available on Friday . Sara
1 . At the end of the "Notice of Exercise" clause , ass"(but not both)" 2 . Instead of "Additional Provisions" , insert the following: Special Provisions: Notwithstanding the foregoing , the exercise by the Buyer of the option to enter into either Underlying Transaction I or Underlying Transaction II is conditioned upon ( i ) the execution by the parties on or before the Expiration Date of an ISDA Master Agreement and ( ii ) Enron Corp . Risk Assessment and Control approval [of what?] . In the event that either/both ( ? ) condition is not satisfied prior to the Expiration Date , this Transaction shall terminate on such date without further action or payment required by either party .
Thurs: between 12 -4
Patricia: I was wondering if you had an opportunity to speak with any persons associated with the Argentine Derivatives Association in connection with our discussion of last week . I can't recall if you were going to try to speak with the lawyers for Citibank and/or Morgan to determine whether the ADA might welcome our participation in the association , and specifically , with respect to the template currently in circulation . I think you were also going to attempt to locate a current membership list for the association . Please advise when you have further information . I am trying to plan several trips to Argentina and Brazil . I am considering a trip to BA during the week of February 28 . Will you be in town that week ? During my visit , my tax colleague from Houston and I will try to meet with local tax consultants and organizations lobbying for tax reformation . Regards . Sara
I am planning a trip to BA from Feb . 27 - March 3 . The objective will be to present derivatives training for the BA traders , meet with tax and legal representatives and the Argentine Derivatives Association with respect to changing tax laws , legislation , and "local" derivatives trading , and sitting down with Mike Guerriero to establish an "action plan" . The monthly swap calendar does not indicate other lawyers out of the office during that week . Please note this on the group calendar . Thanks . Sara P.S . Mark - let me know if there are other issues you would like to have addressed .
FYI - You ought to choose one of these and start putting away money on a regular basis . You'll be rich one day!!! ! Sas
yes , where ?
Patricia: Thanks very much for your quick response . I would very much like to solicit your help in arranging some meetings when Lynn Aven ( tax ) and I visit BA in two weeks . We definitely want to meet with one or more members of the ADA who are responsible for drafting and implementing the new agreement . And your suggestion to meet with your colleague who has been lobbying for derivatives tax legislation is one we readily accept . Could you possible try to schedule these for convenient times on Tuesday and Wednesday , February 29 and March 1 , respectively ? I will be out of the office tomorrow but in next week . Enron is closed on Monday , February 21 for President's Day . Let me know if you would like to speak directly of if I can assist in any way . Looking forward to our visit . Sara
Attached is the Media News draft confirm . Paul will call about that one . Traders will book new deal and kill prior transaction with Affiliated Newspapers . ( notice the merger and/or name change issues???? )
I'm waitlisted on the Continental flight so we may be traveling separately . I do , however , have a room reservation at the Sheraton Towers . Kaye can help you . I'm out of town tomorrow so let's regoup on Tuesday . SS
Lynn and I will be in BA during the week of Feb . 28 to meet with lawyers , accountants , commercial group , etc . Just a heads up for you . Sara
let's talk on Tuesday , dude
Congratulations ! What a great story for future generations . Love , Sara
I will not be able to attend this afternoon's meeting as I have a doctor's appointment . Also , I am looking forward to hearing details of Friday's luncheon . Thanks . Sara
The ball's in my court to respond to Basin . sara
I don't think Marie handled yet . Please handle and advise Brent that you are the person working on Argentina . Also , we can send the latest deal report which we should discuss briefly ( and the new list of addressees) . Thanks . Sara
Patricia: Just checking to see if you received this message from last week and how the arrangements were proceeding . Please feel free to give me a call at 713-853-5620 . Thanks . Sara
looks fine with me
Credit has not received financials . Can you help out here to get the ball rolling ? Sara
Please see attahed . Let me know if you have questions about the option template and please let me know if you think the Delano draft satisfies the conversation we just had with Leslie . Thanks . Sara
In connection with the trip to BA next week , I am having some problems scheduling meetings with other consultants and would like to know whether you have been able to schedule a meeting on Tuesday ( Feb . 29 ) or Wednesday ( March 1 ) with your colleagues and/or the ADA . I would appreciate hearing from you as quickly as possible in the morning because I already have requests to meet on those two days . I would obviously like to defer to your plans . Please call me tomorrow . Thanks . Sara
I'm receiving mine!! ! But I'll be in Buenos Aires next week so I'll keep my fingers crossed that my computer is working ( in the event any further earth shattering Lehrer family announcements occur) . My mom does not know how to turn the computer on but she does have an email address . We better wait until she "gets comfortable" with the concept of email before handing out her address . At this very minute , my dad is returning from a convention in Atlantic City . He called me from the airport on his CELL PHONE . You see , it took me some time to get him to carry his cell phone with him . I'VE SUCCEEDED ! Talk to you soon , Mr . Webmaster . Sara
FYI
I think Tanya worked on this . FYI , I'll be in Argentina next week . SS
Patricia has asked who should be included in the group for Wednesday , March 1 . Do you and Andrea want to be included ? Any commercial people ?
We do not have the answer for you at this time . It must be researched . Sara Enron North America Corp .
Whatever you can do is most welcome . We are only limited by time . We have set aside the entire day of Wednesday , March 1 for you to schedule . We can also be available late Monday afternoon , February 28 . I will advise shortly with respect to local invitees . Thanks very much . Sara
no
Only to make sure that we ( especially Lynn Aven ) can speak with your tax partner with respect to derivatives issues . Thanks . Sara
We'll do that and resend .
Patricia: Thanks for putting the meetings together . In addition to Lynn Aven and me , both Andrea Calo and Brent Hendry would like to attend . I'm looking forward to visiting with you next week . Regards . Sara
I received a message from Augustin David to return his call to discuss the master . The number he left rings but does not answer . I have tried calling several times . Maybe we can talk to him next week when I am in BA . Sara
I'll let them know . It's very possible that one or both will be unable to attend due to the office activity but they both want to be available . Thanks again . Sara
Please change on my calendar
FYI
FYI - Shari Stack is negotiating the brokerage agreement with Banc One and there seems to be an issue over the interest rate . Needless to say , I have never had any conversations with Banc One over this issue . SS
Carol: I'm glad you've identified these specific line items . I think credit should have a "separate worksheet" and make a determination for each question you've listed . For exampe , I think the GP should be a Specified Entity . One issue I've experienced with credit is the existence of several LPs in a given structure , only one of which owns any operating assets , and there are no financials for that LP , but only financials on a consolidated basis at a different level . How does credit identify the counterparty , much less determine if that counterparty is an ESP ? I also wonder how many partnerships we have agreements with which may be inadequate . And , when credit approves omnibus Transactions with a partnership , is it making a sufficient analysis ? A separate list would help in the evaluation . Are we going to have another credit lunch ? Hope all is going well . Sara
Brent , Andrea and I were hoping you might be available for a 30-minute call on Tuesday after 5pm ( BA time ) or 2pm ( Houston time ) on Tuesday , Feb . 29 . The BA office had a meeting last Friday afternoon and has apparently set some rather lofty goals , such as online trading for Q3 , etc . Please let me or Brent know if you are available and/or alternative times . Tomorrow we meet with the American Chamber of Commerce , Wed . with Marval and the ADA and the Securities Commission , and Thursday with tax consultants . Also , I need to talk with you about Brazil when I return . Sami has been diligent about forwarding deal flow information and there are a ton of references to PPA's and SWAPS . We are still trying to get our arms around all the business units in Brazil to track their activity . Have you heard from Yao ? This international position may be right up his alley . Sara
Attached is the origination list from Brazil . SS
Sami: I'm concerned about the deals showing up on the origination list which we received on Friday . There are multiple references to swaps . We need to talk . I'm in Argentina and may not make the call tomorrow because I have meeting outside the office . I'll try to call you tomorrow . sara
Chuck: I am currently in our Buenos Aires office for the week . I have to resolve our few issues when I return to Houston . I can tell you , however , that we cannot agree to provide you with the legal opinion as to enforceability as we discussed in our conversation last week . I'll follow up with you next week . Sara
Where do you want to go ?
Susan: This report should also be routed to the Argentine traders and , in Brazil , only Sami Arap ( delete Robert George and Andrea Bertone) . Thanks . Sara
I think that the reference may be in the setoff clause and the CP was trying to exclude "other Transactions" and limit setoff to derivatives only . Unfortunately , I don't have the form with me . SS
Just kidding ! I'm fine . I've been cut off twice on telephone calls to the states so I may have problems calling you in the next hour or so when I leave the office . FYI: NTAP closed at 188-3/4 and CISCO closed at 132-3/16 . It's too early for the mutual fund reports . The weather is again gorgeous; we had empanadas for lunch and they were much better than tamales . I read the tamale article in the Oxford American and it talked about the tamale man in Greenville , MS ( whose name was Six Sixty-Six , being the sign of the devil so the tamales were really HOT) . Tomorrow we meet with another law firm . Thursday and Friday I meet with the commercial people about ISDA agreements and one business customer is flying in from the province of Mendoza to discuss an agreement . I'll call you later and I'm going to try to go to bed earlier tonight ( I'll try to call after 9pm BA time) . Love , the DG
Would you please add me to th distribution list for clippings . Thanks . Sara
I hope you are doing well . I finally have my laptop so I can at least read email during the day . The weather here is gorgeous . It's about 72 during the day and cooler at night . We went to a restaurant that had a "tunnel of fudge" por d'creme . Someone at the table said there is a similar recipe in the Charlie Trotter cookbook . Do you have that cookbook ? I know you have a lot of them . I fly hime Friday night and arrive in Houston on Saturday morning at 6:30 am . Mike should be waiting for me at my house and I can't wait to see the Phoebe and sports dog a/k/a Chloe . How's mother and daddy ? I can't send mother email because she may pick it up on her voice mail . Love , PS Are you working on Friday ?
I have meetings this morning with the Marval firm but was hoping you could help out here . 1 . Could you please check with the Alley Theatre Box Office and find out if I have tickets for a performance this Friday night ( March 3) . They will check under the name "McKeogh" and my local phone number "713 664-3207" . Just let me know so that I can figure out what to do . 2 . Could you please change my McDonald's phone call presently scheduled for 1pm ( BA time ) tomorrow . I would need to reschedule through Mike Irgang(info in lotus notes ) at McDonald's and let Ed Quinn know . My BA schedule is on my calendar . 3 . I am tentatively planning a trip to Sao Paulo . I will stay from 3/17 through 3/27 . However , I need to arrive on 3/16 and depart on 3/28 . Could you please check flight availability ? I first need to clear through Mark Taylor and I will copy you on that message . Thanks . for now .
Mark: I have been in touch with Sami Arap who is now Andrea Bertone's boss . There are currently two seminars scheduled in Sao Paulo aimed for the commercial group and the lawyers as follows: 2 . March 27 - Bracewell ( legal issues for contracts ) I think I should attend these and was considering a trip to arrive before the start and after the termination of the seminars ( approx March 15 - March 28) . In the interim I could ( hopefully ) wrap up financial issues with Tozzini and address at length physical issues with Tozzini . Also , I can speak with commercial groups and plan a "swap"seminar for the commercial and legal groups ( date TBD but probably after the legal seminar in San Antonio) . Please let me know if the timing works for our group in Houston and if you have other thoughts . Hope all is well . Sara
The Alley is NOT holding any tickets for me . All I want to know is whether "McKeogh" at "713-664-3207" has a ticket for a performance on Friday , March 3 since I do not have the tickets in front of me . They should be able to tell you or just email the Box Office phone number to me . Also , I can't do anything about flights until I return to Houston on Monday . Thanks . SS
You are brilliant ! Thanks for your help . Sara
Hi Felix ! I return from Argentina this weekend . I am having some problems with the laptop which I'll need you to adjust upon my return . I am traveling with an ESA person from Houston who has a laptop and never experiences any of the daily problems which I have . The problems are: 1 . Immediately upon logging in each day , I receive the following message: "This install . will install CITRIX ICA Client - YES or NO" 2 . "Unable to load workspace file destop.dsk . File is in use by another program . Delete the file and create a new workspace?" Also , the screen freezes frequently and I'm not sure what this is related to . I can't use the laptop offline to even get into word . When can we review these problems ? Thanks . Sara
Rod and Susan: I met with the counterparty and lawyer last week . Following are the results: Rod: CP would like a phone call to discuss the Schedule and CSA . They mainly want explanations as to why ENA made the elections in the docs for: 1 . p.1 Cross Default Threshold 2 . p . 2 Additional Event of Default , part ( xi ) 3 . p . 4 issue providing Quarterly Unaudited Consolidated financials 4 . CSA p.2: How was Collateral Threshold determined Susan: CP would like the following: 1 . Schedule p . 3: sample certificates per third entry for docs to be delivered 2 , " p . 5: need to get address 3 . " p . 6: Process Agent . Need to provide CP into on CT Corp . You will need to speak with Julian Poole because the CP has fairly good English ( the lawyer does not speak English ) and Julian may want to schedule the call . I don't know how quickly the CP will want to act because there is a Stamp Tax issue to be resolved . Thanks . Sara
Lynn: I would like to standardize procedures for Argentina as much as possible ( this week while fresh in my mind) . Attached is Julian's message to Houston . Is this OK to put into email ? Let me know when you have time to breathe . Also , in terms of an updated memo on Argentina issues , should I add to what you write or vice-versa ? My thought is to essentially update/modify the legal memo written in Dec. , 1997 that Brent gave to us . Let me know . Thanks . Sara
Per my email , you will need Julian on the phone due to the language problem . All else is in Lotus Notes . Sara
This is my favorite new game . Also , the latest issue of "Wine Spectator" has a photo of Charlie Trotter on the cover . SS
This if fine for me . SS
per my vm
What kind of publicity have we been receiving over the weekend ? I'm glad to hear that you're doing better . You didn't look too good Friday . We had a great flight to Sao Paulo and then on to Houston . I highly recommend going out of your way to fly Continental . Mark is in Portland for a few days . We are in competition ( with Broadband ) for our star paralegal , but I don't give up easily . Shari did announce to me about her departure and may tell the paralegals today ( I hope ) Lynn and I are preparing a recap memo and we'll send a draft to you soon for comment Talk to you soon . Sara
In the first paragraph , my reference to "Enron Comercializadora . .." SHOULD READ "Enron Comercializadora de Energia Argentina S.A."
please edit . thanks . sara
Are you still living in London working for the bank ? Give me a call , sometime . 713-853-5620 . Thanks . Sara
Lynn and I arrived safely in Houston and the weather seems much like Argentina last week . That steak dinner was delicious and it will take me awhile to return to Pappa's or The Palm . Thanks again . Sara
I spoke with Rod Nelson about this party and Rod has been waiting to hear from you to speak with EDF . I'm confused by your message as to who is to participate in your Thursday meeting . FYI , there is an ENA meeting in Houston on Thursday afternoon . SS
had to resend due to overworked network . ss
Let me know when you have about 15 minutes for a "quick" question . Thanks . Sara
Here's what happened to the Enron South America LLC master . You can now officially bug Robert George ( legal in Sao Paulo ) and Bruce Harris ( commercial in Houston ) and remove Andrea Bertone from any official distribution . Sara
adventure reading below
per our conversation
Brent: attached is a draft memo that Lynn and I prepared . We would appreciate your comments . Also , who else do you think should be a recipient of this memo ? Should we prepare a separate "Action Plan" or strategy to submit to Mike ? You may recall in our meeting of Friday last that Mike committed to assess the long term situation in BA ( at least I think that's what he agreed to do ) and we ( foolishly ) committed to prepare a review of our activity in BA . Maybe we can discuss on Friday morning at 9 am ( Houston)/12 pm ( BA) . Let us know if you have any questions . I believe that Lynn is in a seminar on Thursday . Sara
Susan: You may be aware of this database already . I remembered it but asNony's message indicates below , I think I lost the link . We need to keepthis link in mind ( as well as updates since Alan has just updated Japan , foexample ) when identifying resources for swap lawyers . I'll schedule a shormeeting for us to recap soon . Sara
FYI - Mike Ettringer from Portland called to follow up on this ISDA . Not to worry , I'll let him know it's in the works . SS
John Suarez entered into a 2-day swap with NYSEG papered with NYSEG'S "deemed ISDA" which I am reviewing . Are we confirming financial in the name of EPMI ? Do you want to pursue the ISDA ? Tanya , are you still the credit person for this electric utility ? Is anyone speaking with these traders ? SS
It's not at the top of my list . Sorry . We'll have to meet tomorrow to discuss the situation . SS
Mike: An ISDA Master Agreement is currently in the works for Deseret . Marie Heard is the paralegal and I'll probably take a look at the document . Please bear with us as we have lost one of our attorneys and are swamped . Thanks . Sara
Brent: sorry for my poor "attaching abilities." Hopefully we will have a lot to discuss tomorrow . Lynn has a suggested the use of a separate "action list" to present to Mike . SS
The Transaction must get papered whether its GTC's or a Deemed ISDA . The convention in the physical world ( as I understand it ) is that the seller sends its paper . SS
By letter dated 3/9/00 , Tembec Inc . has requested the transfer of "Contract No . EJ7774.1" dated 3/23/98 to the National Bank of Canada pursuant to Section 7 of the ISDA Master , to be effective April 1 , 2000 , but with Q1 payment to be made to Tembec . We do have a master with the National Bank of Canada . Please let us know if this transfer is approved . SS
I received comments from Vintage ( remember , no CSA) . With respect to Transfer , Vintage wants ENA to provide a guaranty of a transferee Affiliate's performance under the master . Let me know your response , please . Sara
Yes , offshore ( ie , as ENA ) with an onshore or offshore counterparty , as it desires . SS
Whomever would like to add to their list can see me . Thanks . SS
Here's the doc I want to save -
I've scheduled a meeting with Guy on March 30
I think you're the wonder woman of swapland . Congrats . SS
I think this should work for the group ( including Mark and Shari )
What should I do with this ? SS
I'll need help finalizing this ( Flynn ) Master . Just let me know who can help on Monday . Sara
major changes to Fixed Price and Additional Provisions
I read your language and I think its too vague . You don't want to include existing risk management services .
For Monday
Did you ever receive any paperwork from this fund on behalf of Zachary ? How was NY ? Mother sure is talkative these days . Hope all is well Sass
Lynn Aven and I are in the process of finalizing a memo on the Argentina trip and we will also have a separate list of "action points" for Mike G . I am not planning to do anything further with respect to Argentina per your instructions ( eg , there is an ADA conference in June and we have been asked to provide a speaker; we have been asked to comment on the ADA local master format; finalizine trader guidelines and termsheet format) . Also , I am not planning to do anything further with respect to Brazil other than finalize our financial trading matrix . I have cancelled my trip to Sao Paulo at the end of March and will table the "derivatives training" indefinitelly .
On March 9 , Susan Flynn sent to Ing . Guillaume Rivron a memo regarding Process Agent ( specifically , CT Corp. ) and a form of certificate for Delivery of Documents . This was copied to Martin Cassone and Julian Poole , both via fax . Susan is out of the office most of this week . SS
Greetings to you both ! It has been awhile since we last spoke . I would like to finalize the matrix which we have been discussing since the latter part of 1999 . Although we were awaiting new Central Bank regulations , I am beginning to think that the Central Bank revisions will not impact the matrix except with respect to transactions which may be entered into by entities that are the subject of the Central Bank regulations . Please let me know whether or not you agree or can offer any suggestions . Thanks and regards . Sara
We have been asked to assist in the setting up of an account with Morgan for the sale of this stock ( through John Greene ) held in the name of "Enron Communications Investments Corp." . Restrictions ( technically expired on 3/12/00 ) on the shares are in the process of being lifted by the transfer agent . Let me know if you need further information . We are working with Mike Deville and Gill Melman ( ECI legal) . Thanks . Sara
forwarding instructions
Same question I just asked you . SS ps let me know if you can schedule Donna ( excluding 2-3 pm )
I must be on a separate list because I do receive these clippings from A . Bueno . Thanks . SS
FYI - Southwestern Bell is installing equipment in my home on April 3 . They will call me 1 hour before arrival . This is just a head's up that I may have to dash out sometime during the day . SS
Attached is a sample "format" for summarizing swap group activity . Please add your own activities and feel free to edit the sample . Suggestions are welcome . I'll edit responses in time for our meeting next week . Thanks . Sara
Please review and call me .
Patricia: I can't thank you enough for arranging the many meetings and introductions for the Enron legal group . Lynn and I are extremely grateful as it made our lives much easier and our jobs much more productive . As always , I am impressed with the variety and number of individuals with whom you are so well connected . At the moment , we are trying to finalize an internal memorandum addressing the breadth of the tax issues currently affecting our business in Argentina . I would appreciate your comment on the following two items: ( 1 ) Can you cite the law that provides the exemption or modification ( not sure which it is ) that "financial institutions" are taxed ( Gross Receipts ) on the spread ? Is it possible to see a copy ? ( I can probably have it translated ) ( 2 ) I am unclear as to how the Stamp Tax would be calculated with respect to Argentine local parties to an ISDA Master Agreement ( crossborder trades ) or a local master swap agreement ( local trades) . Execution of the master agreement itself does not evidence any transaction . Even when any transaction is executed , you are unable to determine net payments owed by either party until termination of the deal . Brent thinks that the tax will be based on the product of the [Fixed Price X volume X term] even though the master agreement will merely provide for netting . Can you verify ? Give my regards to Pablo . I look forward to hearing from you . Regards . Sara
attached is redrafted language which can "stand alone" or we can also incorporate the chart . ( Jared , I think you have some prior language we can use , and we may have to rename one or two parts of the chart) . SS
OK , I have reviewed Lawhill and AIG Funds . Marie is making changes and the goal is to get blacklines of AIG to Rod today ( since AIG has credit issues only) . The issues revolve around the Collateral Threshold and Letters fo Credit . Lawhill will be ready for execution . SS
Have you run your change past this guy or Morley ?
Thanks for your message . We are in the process of turning a blackline . Sara
Please open new file "Project Spector" ( or Spectre? ) and print the docs below . Gareth Bahlman's assistant should know the name . Thanks . Sara
per our discussion
I thought there were 5 funds . SS
Looks like nothing was ever done on this so I've contacted Tracy Ngo to move on a credit worksheet and then we can turn out a draft ASAP . Do I need to call Holli ? Do you recall whether you and I had further discussions on this ? Sara
Please print
Please print . SS
Attached is a clean version which incorporates most of Brent's comments . Please read again . Sara
Yeah . Also , Clem wants to join us for sushi!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ! Be careful . Sara
We have been asked to set this entity up for financial trading . It's part of our JV with Texaco . Hal Bertram ( X31865 ) is a good contact person if you have questions about the Bridgeline companies . Thanks . Sara
Here's the only info that I have on this counterparty . Sara
please print
Credit is reviewing file and we are trying to determine whether this entity is "eligible" ( for swap transactions) . I should know more soon . Sara
Yao went back to Africa ! I think he'll return next week . SS
please print
PLEASE DISREGARD THE DRAFT MEMO SENT ON 3/16/00 . I have reworked a new memo which prints on 3 pages and which I hope is brief and to the point . Let's try to talk before Friday so that we can send the memo before then . I still have not heard from Patricia Lopez . SS
I have to leave the office at 10:30 to be at my home . I should be back after lunch . If you need to reach me , please feel free to call at ( 713 ) 664-3207 . Thanks . Sara
print redline for each and the following
I gave the Kevin the OK and he was going to prepare a waiver letter . Our conversation was some time ago . Sara
Can you please forward my report from last week and update the "week" . Also , change target date of Argentina report to this Friday . Thanks . Sara
I'll need you to standby for coordination ( only ) on: Ghost unwind Specter Hawaii
Statoil - use of multiproduct guaranty similar to one executed by parent/ENE Spinnaker - sent draft to you BP - I'll see what we have to do Basin - name of contact . No such person as Bob Hall
I am interested in flying . Sara
This is the "format" for the exhibit to change payment accounts from the CP to the bank
Please review assignment language Par 12 ( C),(G ) for accuracy .
Attached is the list that Marie had prepared for me just last week ( the date at the top is incorrect ) which is a good start . We will still need a detailed description of the brokerage agreement process . Sara
Attached is revised language to drop in the confirm . John: Please approve . Joe: edit my margins AND does the preamble of the confirm use the word "Agreement" to define the Master Agreement ? THIS IS NOT AN ISDA !
Attached is the ESP definition taken from the commodities regulations .
From: Larry Joe Hunter 03/21/2000 10:50 AM
I am forwarding a resume from an Enron Argentina legal candidate who is perhaps interested in ENA .
Just an example of "brokerage account stuff" that can occur with respect to a single account . SS
you are too good Enron North America Corp .
John is the ONLY authorized trader for the Morgan account . SS
OK - forget the prior list I sent ! It really WAS from 1998 . Attached is a real live current version which can be expanded . Sara
Please follow up . Also , we need to follow up with Chuck Gilbert ( counsel for CP ) for docs . Thanks . Sara
yes , I can attend Enron North America Corp .
Sheila Glover has requested that David Vitrella be designated as a second "Authorized Trader" for the Enron Communications Investments Corp . account which was recently opened with Morgan ( having as its purpose the sale of Rhythms stock) . The rationale for a second trader is not new to us: in John Greene's absence , no one is authorized to trade in that account . It is my understanding that the only activity to occur in this account is the sale of this particular stock which will be "dribbled in" periodically . Please let me know if you have any questions . Both Donna and Sheila are very familiar with this transaction . Sara
Pablo: I am forwarding this message that I send to Patricia last week . She may be out of town or otherwise engaged . Would it be possible for you ( or someone else in the firm ) to respond to my two questions ? I only need a short explanation . If you need to reach me , my telephone is ( 713 ) 853-5620 and my fax is ( 713 ) 646-3490 . Thank you for your assistance . Regards . Sara
I received a message without further identification and I'm momentarily baffled . Maybe the name rings a bell . Thanks . Sara
That will be fine ( for the sole purpose of negotiating the ISDA) . Regards . Sara
We now need to appoint David Vitrella as an authorized trader for the ECIC account ( per Ted's OK below) . Sara
The following transactions are happening this week and quarter end ( as to Project Hawaii 125-0): Project Ghost unwind Project Spector ( remaining Rhythms stock put into identical Ghost structure ) Project Hawaii 125-0 ( permanent structure to handle FASB -125 deals ) Rod: I believe you looked at Ghost last year . Let me know if you have any Spector issues . Bill and Rod: I will send you summary terms for Project Hawaii 125-0 .
Attached are summary documents . I am in the process of reviewing the swap piece now . Sara
HELP !
let me know if this prints ok
I left a message yesterday for Chris Littlefield to schedule call . I have not heard back . SS
Per our discussion , please see attached . Sara
Hi , Serge . I am just checking to see when Enron North America Corp . ( "ENA" ) will receive your comments to the ISDA Master Agreement for FP&L . Paul Karns mentioned that you would be devoting some time for review of the agreement . Please let me know if I can be of any assistance . You can reach me via email or phone ( 713 ) 853-5620 if you have any questions . I will be negotiating the agreement on behalf of ENA .
Please see attached . SS
Per my voice mail , please add the following sentence after the two signature blocks: The undersigned hereby guarantees the timely payment when due of the obligations of Bridgeline Gas Marketing LLC under this Transaction and this Confirmation in an amount not to exceed U.S . $5,000,000 . BRIDGELINE GAS MARKETING LLC By: Bridgeline Holdings , L.P . P.S to Bob: I am not certain of the signature line as I have not heard back from Barbara .
We have to respond to comments on the Credit Support Annex and a few items in the Schedule. . We are waiting for copies of standing PUC orders from PG&E ( addressing derivatives issues ) as well as a blackline of the Schedule since PG&E controls the drafting . Sara
Attached is an updating memorandum addressing the impact of Argentine tax issues on our trading business in Argentina .
Please excuse the delay but I was hoping to deliver all of my information to you at once . I am attaching our latest generic Schedule format . You will see our "No Reliance" and "Limitation of Liability" provisions included . None of our confirmation templates contain non-reliance provisions ( unless it is specifically added by an attorney for a particular Transaction) . Unfortunately , I do not yet have an answer as to the existence of written guidelines or policy addressing the provision of quotes to customers . I will follow up when I have the response . Please let me know if you need more information or if we need to conference . Regards . Sara
As we all know , the TBS/Enron South America LLC ( "ESA" ) confirmation issue is draining our little brains . Let's all conference sometime Monday to sort through how these trades should be documented , booked and otherwise handled . Lynn has suggested that ESA is merely a holding company and therefore , an inappropriate vehicle for holding trades ( maybe one or two trades is O.K.) . Also , any ESA documents must be executed in the U.S . Brent: please leave me a voice or email for convenient times . Sara
Mike: I have not heard from since my prior message attached below . Have you had a chance to consider our request ? I look forward to hearing from you . Please email or call me at ( 713 ) 664-3207 . Regards . Sara
It was slight address change to: sshackl@enron.com ( the address only deleted the "ect" piece )
Brent: We'll call you at 2 pm Houston time . Thanks . Sara
I will be unable to make the meeting tomorrow . I have no changes to my list from last week . Thanks . Sara
I spoke with Chris Littlefield ( legal ) a few moments ago and he would like for you to call Dial's treasury person , Dave Riddiford . Dial really wants an explanation of how/why all numbers were selected for inclusion in the Schedule and CSA , including: ( 2 ) whether Credit Event Upon Merger can be tied to ratings downgrade ( I explained the MAC trigger ) ( 3 ) Collateral Threshold ( and , by the way , Chris says that he never understood that Dial would ever have to post ) Not too bad . Call me if you have any questions . From the legal perspective , I have only to resolve recording and arbitration . Thanks . Sara
The latest swap schedule and confirm are in the documents attached . Sara
Attached are comments to the Schedule but not the CSA . Russell: Have you had any conversations with FP&L credit ?
Attached is my recollection of items to be decided once Marie leaves the group .
See attached . Bob: please call me . SS
Susan: Please change the signature block as set forth below and I'll review . Also , we'll email to CP . SS
Brenda: This looks fine . Please have an executed copy sent to the attention of Susan Flynn ( for ENA's files) . Sara
Susan: The two above-mentioned projects are in the process of being unwound . The only confirm and the Master Swap Agreement for each are being TERMINATED . Will you please continue to follow up with Brenda Funk ( in the capital mgmt . group with Scott Sefton and Gareth Bahlman ) to get copies of the "Swap Termination Agreement" for each and then enter the info into Lotus Notes . Thanks . Sara
Who is working on the "Jana Morse agency" agreement ? SS
Deborah: I understand that an EES asset is going into an asset trust for Hawaii 125-0 and that ENE wants a back-to-back swap with EES . Is EES the swap counterparty ? Sara
Attached AS AN EXAMPLE ONLY is a "Transition Memo" which Marie prepared to capture her current workload . Could you please utilize that format and prepare a summary of your current workload ? Mark , Carol and I would like to receive your lists as soon as possible , but no later than Thursday evening . Thanks . Sara
Derek: I just wanted to let you know that I will be available to help you on swap matters now that Shari has transitioned to another group . You can always reach me at Ext . 35620 . Please let me hear from you . Sara
Paul: Did you learn anything further about the credit protection referencing Deutsche Telecom bonds ? Also , Shari does not know anything about a JV with Deutsche Telecom . Did I misunderstand you ? Please let me know what you find out . Thanks . Sara
Attached is revised summary . Also , I have asked Susan B . and Susan F . to prepare a list similar to Marie's list for delivery by the end of the day Thursday . Sara
I'd love to have 2 tickets . Sara
Sorry for the delay . My address is: 3915 Coleridge You can add "and Guest" to the invitation . Hope all is well . Regards . Sara
Per our conversation . . .
I will need to leave the office at approximately 5 pm . Sara
Close . Credit is considering credit terms for the deal . If executed today , we'll have to do a Deemed ISDA and simultaneously send out a draft ISDA for negotiation . Do you have a deal ticket already ? I understand it's a 7-year deal . SS
Attached is a first stab at the agreement . Please comment .
Please print for David . Thanks .
Attached is the language which should replace ( i ) in the Additional Provisions . Also , in your part ( ii ) [now part ( iii)] , the words "Fixed Price" should be capitalized each time used . Also , you should add the following sentence to numbered paragraph "1" on the first page: "Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to said terms in the Agreement."
Hi Nancy ! I left a voice mail for you in Sao Paulo since Lynn told me you were there . We need to authorize someone in the US to execute swaps on behalf of ESA . Brent Hendry ( after speaking with Jana Morse ) thought Martha Stevens or Scott Mills would be good candidates ( if not already authorized) . Please give me or Brent a call . We're trying to get this done next week since TBS executed a swap in January , 2000 and we are still trying to confirm . Also , let's have lunch . Sara
Is there a call in the morning ? Everyone will be in Houston . Sara
( 1 ) The term "Threshold Amount" as used in Annex B refers to the threshold for cross default purposes under Section 5(a)(vi ) of the ISDA boilerplate by reference to outstanding loans ( "obligations for the payment of money" , i.e. , "Specified Indebtedness" in Section 14 of the ISDA boilerplate) . Credit sets the threshold level and we input that number into the document . ( 2 ) Susan Bailey will send you the ISDA Master Agreement boilerplate . Her number is X34737 . SUSAN: Please send Davis the ISDA boilerplate ( no CSA) . Thanks . Sara Enron North America Corp .
You'll handle ?
Sorry I can't help . Also , you know that legal will be out of the office from Wed . afternoon through the end of the week . Are there any pressing items ? Sara
Hi , Trena ! I am working again with Gary's desk now that Shari has moved on to power trading ( legal) . My first task has been to reconcile the outstanding Sutton Bridge transactions . I find three: ( 1 ) Currency Swap between ECT and Sutton Bridge Financing Ltd: booked ( 2 ) Currency Swap between ECT and Sutton Bridge Power booked 1/28/97 [ through 4/29/11] ( 3 ) Currency Swap between "ECT" and "Sutton Bridge" booked 3/29/00 [ through 3/31/03] . I have only seen the ticket and not the confirm . I understand that all swap transactions are to be terminated with the pending Sutton Bridge sale . Are you terminating these three ( 3 ) trades ? Are there others ? What is the third trade which was booked last week ( I don't know anything about it) ? Someone should be documenting the termination and payout . Please let me know ASAP as the lawyers are headed to San Antonio tomorrow . Thanks . Sara ( X35620 )
Jarrod: that language works fine . Sara Enron North America Corp .
( 1 ) Commonwealth Bank ( in Australia ) ( 2 ) EPM ECHO Ltd . Also , I need to have your respose to Statoil which I left on your voice mail . And , further , are you looking into Deutsche Bank ? I'll be checking voice mail while I'm in San Antonio . I gave the credit group in Houston Thursday and Friday off . Sara
I'm working on it . Sara
Per my voice mail . I have not heard a word . SS
I didn't see any codes on your website . I am interested in pricing the following: Konx by Arad Eco and Eco Due by von Kline Manta by Semprini ( small size ) Thank you . Sara Shackleton
"Following Business Day Convention" means the convention for adjusting any relevant date if it falls on a day that is not a Business Day ( when commercial banks settle payments is USD in N.Y. , for our purposes ) to the first following day that is a Business Day or a trading day for the relevant floating price source . I hope I have given you a simple description . Enron North America Corp .
Susan: I didn't see this on the master list . Can you locate the request ? Sara
Susan: Could you please create a blackline and fax to Cargill . Marie already made most of the changes . Thanks . Sara ps - file is on your chair
Flowers and lunch sounds good . SS
Are you going to respond to David ? Has this Master been executed ? Sara
Brent: Andrea Calo has not joined our phone conference . Randy want to know if you have a deal sheet for him . Sara
David: Hope you got back home alright ! I'll follow up if Shari is unable . Also , did you tell me that you had a copy of some type of Australian financial policy memo and/or trading guidelines for the Australian market ?
David: Please give me another day to review your email . Thanks . Sara
Just a heads up ! ENA has finalized our Master Swap Agreement with Statoil . You may recall that Statoil would now like to execute an agreement with ECTRIC using the ENA agreement as a model . I have been dealing with the Statoil inhouse lawyer whose name is Chuck O'Brien . Regards . Sara
Attached are copies of the drafts sent to ABN AMRO Incorporated in January , 2000 . I have been out of town and apologize for the delay . Sara
Sorry , I filled out the form and sent it to HR . It was difficult to rank the candidate using the printed form but I thought she looked very good and after speaking with Elizabeth to get her impressions ( which I have not done) , I would probably make her an offer . Sara
please respond
Marie: Sutton Bridge was sold . That is all I know . Following is the situation regarding outstanding swaps . We need to keep a record somewhere . Sara
As you may know , Project Ghost was unwound eff . 3/31/00 . I believe that Project MacArthur was also unwound . ( but I haven't seen anything) . Also , Project Blackbird is in the process of being unwound . Each will have a Swap Termination Agreement . Brenda Funk should be organizing closing docs . Please make necessary entries on Lotus Notes and keep supporting documentation in the files . I don't see Projects Ghost , Spector or Hawaii on Lotus Notes ( these show up on your status of files list to Mark . Thanks and let me know if you have any questions . Sara
Chris: I left voice mails for both Tracy Ngo and Tanya Rohauer about Delano . I've had no response . SS
Bob: I haven't commented on preferred guaranty formats , I only asked Kris to fax the form of guaranty which Ed Wood had sent originally . I thought that the e-mailed guaranty was the same as Ed Wood had distributed but I hadn't verified that item prior to sending . I have not had a chance to review Kris's fax If you have your own form , please send and we can review . Sara
Julia: To close the loop , it appears that none of the swaps were terminated . Sara
Sheila: Please per my voice mail , let's sit down in my office and catch up because there are a lot of loose ends on the brokerage side ( particularly with Marie leaving) . I can address you emails ( current and past ) at that time . Thanks . Sara
David: Attached is an example of the "tainted swaption" . I'd really like to focus on the dates ( Trade , Effective , Exercise) . Looking forward to call in the morning . Sara
We are very short on legal help at the moment . Please permit me to respond to your request early next week with an acceptable time . Thank you . Sara
Has this ever been finalized ?
Taffy told me that Susan's husband had court this morning so she is late . Is this weird or am I weird ? Sara
I am still waiting to hear whether ENA will transact with [Soc Gen] today ( or whether Enron Australia will document its first weather trade) . SS
That will be fine . SS
ENA has a multibranch ISDA master with Soc Gen . SS
After "Written Confirmation of Notice of Exercise" , add the following: "Seller's facsimile number for purposes of giving notice:" [we need a person and fax number because the master refers only to 'President" and Jarrod: is the counterparty asking for a special type of delivery ( I wouldn't think so )
FYI only
Do you have a phone number ? thanks
Susan: In Marie's absence , could you please send Paul Simons a copy of the Statoil master ? Thanks . SS
Attached is a new credit worksheet for Capex . SS
Kaye: Don't worry about credit . Please focus on confirms/settlements . Tana will handle global contracts . Thanks . Sara
Kaye will update the confirm/settlement list and send out the email . Do you want her to handle global contracts or will you ? Sara
Marie: I would like to schedule a meeting with you and others to review the agreement process , your contacts , account information , record retention ( physical files and Lotus Notes) , reporting procedures , any forms which you have developed and helpful tips . I know that you are working on a memo which will address this information and it would be extremely helpful if we could learn from your experience . I would also like to discuss Ted Murphy's expectations . I think this will take about an hour . Please give me a suggested time during the week . Thanks . Sara
FYI
nothing attached
FYI only . It looks like this trade will be done by EAF .
I am hoping to have Lotus Notes available to you in about two weeks . The initial view will include Master Swap Agreements and I am working on "Other Agreements" which will include brokerage and repos . On a slightly different note , do you think we should schedule a regular [weekly] meeting to review work in progress , issues , products , etc. ? If so , who should be included ? Thanks . Sara
Had a conversation with PG&E this afternoon and we're almost finished . Just a few loose ends to tie up . Sara
Attached is the latest Cadwalader draft memo addressing additional risks posed by newer , illiquid products ( specifically paper and pulp ) and minimization of the risks . My goal is for the paper and pulp group to adopt the recommendations . Please take a look at the memo and give me your comments . I would like to respond to Cadwalader by the middle of next week . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks . Sara
Has Taffy finalized the confirm "hotline" solution ? The paralegals have no plan other than to rely on the confirm desk to call a live person .
Bob: I left you a voice mail last week about a lunch that legal would like to present next month for both groups ( above) . We need a list of settlements persons who should be invited . The purpose of the meeting is to provide an overview of the legal documentation process , including explanations of our documents , and encourage dialogue among the groups . Please send as soon as possible . Also , let me know if you have any particular topics which you would like to see addressed . Thanks . Sara
Settlements cannot attend a May 5 lunch ( but could do May 12) . Can we switch Credit to May 5 ? SS
Please hold these names until we can agree on a date for this luncheon . Thanks . SS
Please ADVISE if "European Power Holdings" is the correct legal entity for closing out the FX piece of Sutton Bridge and if Maroon Aboudy is the party to whom a confirm should be directed . Thanks . SS
If the letter is alright , I can have it printed formally . I never heard back from Gareth with respect to any comments . Just let me know what you would like to do . Sara
Have you ever sent a credit worksheet for EWEB ? Holli Krebbs requested this again in mid-March . Thanks . Sara
Susan: Could you please prepare a 2-way C.A . in connection with a consulting arrangement between ENA and Dr . Haigh . Thanks . Sara
FYI
FYI
Jeff: Per my voice mail , please let me know if Friday , May 12 is an acceptable date for your group . This works fine for Settlements . Thanks . Sara
I am attaching my report but will be unable to join the meeting as I have a regularly scheduled meeting at that time . Sara
Marie: Per my voice mail , please let me know when you will have your memo regarding brokerage agreements and the updated list available . I would like to include Susan Flynn , Sheila Glover and Laurel Adams in a meeting since they are all involved in the brokerage agreement process from time to time . I'll try to gather the group if you provide me with some suggested times . Thanks . Sara
Marie is updating her list and preparing a general memorandum in connection with the brokerage and futures agreements . I have the following times available to meet ( and I think we should schedule about an hour): Thursday between 1:30 and 3:15 Friday after 10 am Please let me know as soon as possible of your preference and I'll try to accommodate everyone . Thanks . Sara
Tanya will come to my office at 1:30 to discuss revision of the worksheet . Hope you can make it ! SS
Please invite the swap , confirmation , settlements groups . The topic will be "an overview of the swap documentation process" and there are lots of new faces in all Please ask participants to submit any issues they would like addressed , including specific confirmation or settlement issues .
Mark: I left you voice mail last week regarding a due authorization opinion from ENA to Statoil ( for execution of a master) . Will you or Haedicke sign ? Also , who signs an enforceability opinion ( under either NY or Texas law) ? Thanks . Sara
Per my voice mail . I think Suzanne already reserved a room .
Tanya: the Morgan lawyer called about putting ISDA Master Agreements in place with the following Enron entities: Enron Canada Corp . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Ltd . ( trading UK nat gas ) Enron Liquid Fuels Inc . ( trading propane ) She indicated that guaranties were all about to expire in June . All of Morgan's commodity business is being centralized in the above Morgan entity . Please let me know how you are going to handle this in case Beth Ng calls me back . Thanks . Sara Gosh , I guessed right!!! !
Mark: I know that David Minns has been sending copies of executed agreements to Alan . These include ISDA Master Agreements and brokerage ( futures ) agreements executed in the name of Enron Australia Finance Pty . Ltd . We need to incorporate these agreements into Lotus Notes and David Minns needs to have access to our database . Do you want to speak with Alan or should I ? Also , on a related issue , do we need to keep copies of the ECTRIC Master Agreements in Houston ? Would this be necessary in an emergency situation ? Thanks . Sara
Susan: You were going to verify whether the ABN AMRO futures agreement should be executed by Enron Australia Finance Pty . Ltd . ( or ENA with Shane acting pursuant to the Services Agreement) . Please let me know so that either David or I can move forward on the futures agreement . Thanks . Sara
Do you have the short information sheet/request that you threw together for Enron company requests for brokerage agreements ? This would be helpful when we meet . I am shooting for Friday at 10 am . Thanks . Sara
Marty: Also left you a voice mail . Are we ready to send execution copies ? Sara
Rod: Is this one ready to go ? Please talk to Susan . Thanks . Sara
Paul: Enjoyed your talk in San Antonio . Now for the real issues: could you send to me the confirmation templates that you have devised for credit derivatives in the UK ? Also , are there any other materials which might be helpful in the credit derivatives area ? Shari has passed this on to me and I'm reviewing a couple of Deutsche Bank transactions executed last month . Thanks . Sara
Carol: I haven't heard a peep about this deal until this email . You may want to check with someone on the weather desk . SS
Marty: I will have a response to setoff shortly . With respect to the CSA and calculation of the "Credit Support Amount," our change should not create any inconsistencies in the calculation of that amount among your counterparties since it would only change IF the calculation yielded a negative number . The only reason for "specifying otherwise" in Paragraph 13 is to capture the situation where the Pledgor MIGHT be holding Independent Amounts ( if there are ever any specified in a particular Transaction ) of the Secured Party as cushion ( which is not meant to be returned until termination of Transactions ) and subtraction of that amount would create a negative number when calculating the Credit Support Amount . By specifying that the Credit Support Amount will be "the higher of" the amount calculated ( deemed to be zero if a negative number ) or the sum of the Pledgor's Independent Amounts , the latter would prevail . This calculation method will make a difference if , for example , the Secured Party asks for a Return Amount when the Pledgor intends to retain any Independent Amounts as cushion ( such that only Posted Credit Support exceeding the sum of the Independent Amounts will be returned) . I hope this helps . Sara
yes
Please review and let's discuss . SS
Mark: How should we handle this ? In the past , I have provided Andrea Bertone with Elizabeth Sager's latest ( and evolving ) physical trading forms which Tozzini has used as a starting point . Sara
I'm tied up from 1-3 .
The meeting has been moved to 1:30 - 2:30 , Thursday , April 20 in Conference Room 38C1 .
Here's the email I just sent . If you can't find a conference room nearby ( same elevator bank) , I'll opt for my office .
Won't you miss Alec ?
By the way , did you resolve Zachary's "fund" issue ? Sas ps I'm going to call you when I get a break . I learned that I have a ticket to the game on Sat . Oh , joy !
Hi , Shane . Here's a quick update . As you can see , the Westpac ISDA is a done deal . Susan Bailey ( paralegal ) had been holding the Commonwealth ISDA because she didn't have an address . I asked her to email you for the info . I am working on ABN AMRO . I' m also trying to keep up with you other trading activity . Let me know if you ever have any questions . Sara
We need to finalize . Legal opinion needs to come from Mark Haedicke ( my recollection is that he may not need the back up) . Have we requested the guaranty ? Thanks . Sara
I have engaged the Modrall firm in Albuquerque to help us sort through the legal issues posed by dealing with the Southern Utes both on and off line . The lawyers are Messrs . Lynn Slade and Bill Scott . I would like to send a Fed Ex to them on Friday , April 21 for Monday morning delivery containing the following: 1 . ISDA Master Agreement and CSA boilerplate 2 . Our municipal form of Schedule for the Southern Utes and appropriate Paragraph 13 3 . A sample Schedule prepared for a general corporate ( with appropriate disclaimer language ) 4 . A copy of the 1993 Commodity Definitions and the 2000 Supplement You will have to verify the current firm name . Check the website at Send to the attention of Bill Scott . The address: Albuquerque , New Mexico 87102
Chuck: We are getting the package together for you . Sara
Mark: Nice to meet you too ! When Credit sends us the creditworksheet , we can generate an ISDA master to send to the counterparty . Sara
FYI
I am ready to finalize the letter agreement . Please verify that Jeff McMahon will sign for Enron Corp . Thanks . Sara
Tanya: I left you a voice mail earlier this week on the single outstanding issue: paragraph ( B ) of our setoff language . This provision allows the nondefaulting party to withhold any payment it might owe to the defaulting party under the master until the nondefaulting party can be certain IN ITS REASONABLE DISCRETION that ANY other payments owed to it ( under ANY other agreements between the parties ) by the defaulting party have been paid . Cargill does not want to "comingle" its business . Remember , we have already given in on "affiliate setoff" . [the lawyer never raised the paragraph ( B ) issue until this week!] Also , Cargill has requested that we change our Credit Support Amount definition ( but I provided them with an explanation ) AND Cargill has decided to issue transferable L/C's . Please let me hear from you so that we can finalize . I do not know if this is a deal breaker .
Carol: I spoke with Richard Peterson ( retail side) . Apparently we were dealing with the exploration side of the company last year . We agreed to ( 1 ) mark up the Flying J form AND ( 2 ) reissue the Industrial Master that had been negotiated last year ( with our form changes) . John Scales ( exploration side ) wouldn't agree to the MAC at the last minute . Do you want to handle ? Just let me know . Sara
I have an early afternoon appointment . Sara
Thanks so very much . Sara
Please send the current DRAFT to the User's Guide to 1999 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions to my attention . I understand that these can be sent to reply mail . You can reach me by phone at 713/853-5620 if you have any problems . Thanks . Sara Shackleton [Enron North America Corp.]
A message from my crazy sister !
Hey , Sam: Great to hear from you and I'm thrilled that your golf game is as good as ever . Have you been playing in Palm Springs or Amelia Island or The Boulders ? I was in Phoenix last year and thought it was wonderful except for the fact that people age faster . I didn't go to Baton Rouge for Passover since the seders were in the middle of the week . But I know that my sister ordered everything from the Second Avenue Deli in N.Y . and various other Manhattan establishments . My niece has been accepted at that high school in Natchitoches for smart kids and Deb is really happy ( and sad) . Jennifer is only 15 . My nephew is tall , handsome and driving Steve crazy . My parents are fine and my Dad is going to have a knee-cap replacement sometime soon . He'll be 83 in June . I've decided on in-house training for my dogs and the trainer thinks that CHLOE needs the most "help" since that sweet little bichon may try to bite strangers ( and maybe friends! ) in my home . Otherwise , I'm rocking along . You know , I never called Helen but I still have her number and I'll do it this week . Hope all is well . Do you keep up with Ron ? Love , Sara
the closing checklist contains the sub-trusts for Hawaii
attached are swap docs for the Hawaii transaction
Michelle: Could you please send me the latest form of agreement that ENA should be using with its outside consultants ? Thanks . If you have any questions , please give me a call . Sara
Is it possible to obtain a copy of the draft "User's Guide to 1999 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions" today ? I would very much appreciate receipt as soon as possible . Enron is a member of ISDA . Thanks again . Sara Shackleton
no changes since last week
Please let Randy know that I have another meeting scheduled at that time . Thanks . Sara
No , but we add different provisions to the Master Agreement for commodity trades and currency/rate trades .
Believe it or not , we are almost done but PG&E's lawyer has been so busy that we were unable to schedule a call last week . I will send her some suggested comments ( tonight ) and we are trying to speak this week . There aren't any problems . Sara
FYI new request . What about our master tax agreement ?
Do you need to pass this on to Greg ?
Harry Arora ( e-commerce group ) wants to take a look at Goldman's online trading operation . His motive is to explore/navigate the site during the next 30 days ( but not trade) . I told Harry that I would need to review the agreement and negotiate with Goldman just as I would any agreement in order to not set any precedent with Goldman for future agreements . Although Harry does not intend to trade at all , and we could terminate the agreement when he is done , I suppose Gary may want to trade with Goldman online in the future . We could negotiate another agreement at a later date . Let me know if you would agree to accept Goldman's agreement "as is" for the limited purpose of allowing Harry to navigate the site , with the intention of terminating the agreement when he is done . Although ENA would have a password , access could be limited to Harry [and whomever he needs to assist?] . Please let me know your decision . Thanks . Sara
Ed: Jason Peters is an A&K lawyer working with us for about six weeks and he's helping on these agreements . We would like to meet with you about these lenders and update ENA's position . Could you please send me the "comparison chart" which you prepared for these banks and ED&F Mann and Paribas , and let me know when you are available to meet ? Thanks . Sara
Wednesday afternoon works fine for me . Sara
Jeff: I have not heard a word from credit . Who did you speak with ? Please let me know and I will follow up . Thanks . Sara
Julian , 5 pm BA time is 3 pm Houston . Before we speak , please verify that Rod will be available at 3 pm Houston .
I'm not impressed . Sara
I have doctors' appointments from 10:30 am - 3 pm on Friday .
Rod and Tanya: Please let me know who is handling so I can pass on the news to Jeff . Thanks . Sara
Hi , David ! Hope all is well . Since the referenced swap has been documented by ENA , I am now reviewing the Transaction . I have a number of questions , many the result of my unfamiliarity with your Australian Reference/Fallback weather stations and a few other comments . I thought I would mark this up and fax it to you which I will do shortly . Sara
I have to leave the office by 10:45 am . That should be enough time . SS
Does anyone have any ISDA comparisons that I can give to Jason ? Sara
Pls add to my calendar . SS
Neither Susan has any comparisons . Flynn eagerly volunteered amendments she's got lying around . I'm indifferent although I wonder if Flynn is simply trying to use the system .
BY THE WAY , your voice mail does not work ! If your phone calls roll over to an assistant or I try to leave you a voice mail , I cannot get there ! Please call or stop by . Sara
Robert: Susan Flynn told me that your client is objecting to the deletion of the first part of the first sentence in the "Setoff" language . I just wanted to explain why we are requesting this change . In reviewing our forms during the latter part of 1999 , we made a number of changes to both our ISDA Schedule and CSA . One of these changes was the deletion of the preamble language contained in the setoff provision . We concluded that the phrase "Without affecting . ... , all payments will be made without setoff . ..;provided , however," actually negated the effect of setoff which we WANT to occur UPON THE DESIGNATION OR THE DEEMED DESIGNATION of an Early Termination Date . What purpose do you think the phrase serves if left in the setoff provision ? Please feel free to give me a call at 713/853-5620 . Thanks . Sara
I used the wrong email address !
Per my voice mail , attached is draft letter .
Jack: I just spoke with Karola and she tells me that you want to talk about the guaranty . I didn't recall if you had ever reviewed our proposed format . Also , I am aware that Enron Corp . previously issued a "General Guarantee Agreememt" on behalf of Enron North America Corp . ( formerly , Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. ) on January 28 , 1998 . Which format are you interested in using ? Our cap for financial transactions with PG&E is , I believe , $10 million . Please give me a call as I am the first point of contact for negotiating the guaranty . Thanks . Sara
Joe: Per my voice mail , see part ( iii ) of the above and please revise to provide accurate description of the condition to which you agreed with MediaNews . Just to say "ENA closes on the KPM Lasara L.P . newsprint mill" is not sufficient . Sara
If you send the letter , please forward a copy to me . SS
Jason: I still cannot access your voice mail ( isn't your extension 34454? ) If I'm right , please have your assistant look into this . Can we put these two brokerage agreements ( below ) at the top of your list ?
Sheila: Paul Radous ( Ext . 58356 ) in credit will be monitoring brokerage accounts from a credit perspective . I have provided him with an overview of the "process" . When he has had an opportunity to digest the information , I think it would be helpful to meet with Paul . In the meantime , would you please begin to copy Paul on all messages to Ted Murphy regarding the purpose of new accounts . Thanks . Sara
Tanya: What is this all about ? Are you still going to decide credit issues for the ISDA ? Sara
Tanya: Yes , there is an outstanding issue . Please read the attached and let me know when you'd like to discuss . Thanks . Sara
Abbey: On March 29 , you left me a voice mail in connection with the foregoing . Please call me at 713/853-5620 for an update and to answer you questions . There is not much left to do . Thanks . Sara Shackleton
Mark: Thus far , I have uncovered only one "nondocumented" electronic agreement . The equity desk uses the services of POSIT which is an electronic trading system which matches orders six times daily for institutions and broker dealers . There is no agreement for this matching service . I am not aware of other "matching services" and whether any agreements are in place . Let me know if you have any concerns . Thanks . Sara
ENA sent execution copies of the ISDA to Kellogg Company on April 10 . By copy of this email , I ask that you touch base with Tana Jones in Houston who will verify the status of ENA's ISDA with Kellogg Company and send you copies of our documents for use in your negotiations . Let me know if you have any questions . Sara
I have a morning appointment and will be in afterwards . Sara
Rod: You may recall that we spoke about upgrading the old Master Energy Price Swap to an ISDA . Can you please send a new credit worksheet ? If you are not handling , please let me know who to nag . Thanks . Sara
( 1 ) In connection with Taffy's report , please note the following: Aquila Canada Corp . - follow up Christiania Bank - need to send for execution Ospraie - send revisions ( 2 ) Also , what have you heard from Laurie about the Australian ISDA's and brokerage agreements ? We should begin incorporating into our database . If we use your assistant , we should input data during the regular business day . ( 3 ) I have Jason helping me on about seven different brokerage arrangements and will soon need appropriate backup to send together with execution copies . I am keeping dummy files until these are finalized .
Kaye: Would you please schedule a meeting with John Suttle to discuss Harvard . One hour will be fine . Thanks . Sara
Susan: I wanted to clarify whether Enron Australia Pty . Ltd . needs to execute ISDA Master Agreements with the SAME counterparties which already have agreements with ENA ( and vice versa) . As an example , I can only rely upon tax advice ENA has previously received in connection with the services agreement between ENA and ECT Canada . For book and tax purposes , the trade is recorded on the risk books of the Enron affilate ultimately booking the trade but the transaction is actually documented in the name of the Enron affiliate having the Master Agreement with the counterpary . The Enron affiliate having the Master Agreement with the counterparty then transacts with Risk Management & Trading Corp . ( through a bulk swap arrangement) . The credit risk remains with Risk Management & Trading Corp . ( through an internal back to back transaction with the "booking" Enron affiliate ) for which the "booking" Enron affiliate will presumably pay a fee pursuant to the services agreement . Consider: ENA is negotiating an agreement with Commonwealth Bank of Australia . Will Enron Australia require a separate master with Commonwealth Bank of Australia ? Or will the services agreement permit the hereinabove described arrangement ?
That's fine but I have to leave shortly before 5 tomorrow . Sara
I'm on the conference call now . John Novak suggested that you , he and Frederico speak . It sounds like commercial and credit need to iron this out together . John is in his office now and the call usually takes about an hour . Sara
and I also need a file for: Goldman Sachs & Co . electronic agreement
Mark: Thanks so much for your explanation earlier today . Just one more question , please: is arbitration or litigation the preferance under English law ? How often do you negotiate to the contrary ? Thanks . Sara
Hey , Julian ! Susan is working on it now . SS
AFAC and Marcelo: I hope this message finds you both well . I would like to finalize the matrix which was prepared last year so that we can create a "baseline" for future updates . Please feel free to date the matrix as of December , 1999 , if you wish . Please forward any recent changes to me for comment and I will respond immediately . Then we can move on to other things ! Thanks for your help and attention to this mattter . Regards . Sara
Thanks for the redraft ! I am looking at the agreement now . Also , I thought you would be interested in Mark's comment . I would like to use arbitration in lieu of jurisdiction . Please make that change and forward to me . I will mark up with comments . Thanks so much for your help . Sara
Please follow up with counterparty for executed doc and enter into Lotus Notes . INSIST on commercial help now if there's a problem .
( 1 ) Please change Consolidated Papers Inc . to "medium" priority . ( 2 ) Please follow up on James Hardie and enter into Lotus Notes .
Susan: Would you please follow up with Bridgeline now as I am preparing a futures agreement for them ! We need them to get their act together . Thanks . Sara
Tanya: There's no short answer with these people ! I think we are fine with their setoff language ( part A only ) because the NDP always has the option to permit setoff to other agreements between the parties as to amounts payable by the Payee to the Payer ( where the Payer owes money under the ISDA to the Payee) . So here's my recommendation: ( 1 ) Call your friend Andre and hear what he has to say . He has some kind of suggestion about Part ( B ) and limiting the NDP's payment to the DP to be based upon satisfaction that "nondisputed" amounts having been paid by the DP . Will he also raise the "other agreements" issue here ? Not a clue . ( 2 ) If Cargill leaves part A in tact and we agree to change part B , I'M FINE . ( I'm fine without part B , actually ) ( 3 ) The potential problem is that Cargill and ENA view part A differently , right off the bat . I think Cargill is wrong because they don't read part A as applying to "other agreements between the parties" . But Cargill proposed part A and it DOES apply to "other agreememts between the parties." I don't want to start off on the wrong foot so I'm sure I'll have to discuss this again with Marty . Thanks for your continued help . Sara
Hi , Sami ! Sorry we missed the call yesterday . I just wanted to update you on some of the financial trading issues in Brazil ( and I have added you to the working group list) . I am going to finalize our "swap matrix" for Brazil . On the physical trading side , I had asked a physical trading lawyer to call you and am wondering if Elizabeth Sager ever called or emailed . Please let me know . Thanks . Sara
That will be fine . Sara
Edward: See attached revision ( and please copy me if sent) . Thanks . SS
Roy: Call me and let's coordinate . Sara
Susan: Attached are the electronic agreements for ENA trading with Goldman . Not much to do here because we'll need only a signature ( get Gary Hickerson to sign) . I have two changes to the Client Access Agreement which I will give you to add . We do not need certificates or our typical authorized trader list to send back . However , we will have to authorize password applicants on Goldman's form . How does EOL keep track of this ? We will have to track because Harry Arora will be the password applicant ( there may be more ) and I think he's still ENA . I know that we will want to receive the password very soon . Thanks . Sara
Please put attached in the SITA file . The ISDA parties are ENA and SITA . Michael Khajeh-No in the London office will be negotiating this agreement with SITA on behalf of ENA .
Jay: I am a lawyer with Enron . I called for you on Friday , you're out , and no one else could help . I would like to speak with a Vitol lawyer about ( 1 ) replacing our existing financial master with an ISDA ( to accommodate a broader range of products ) and ( 2 ) specifically incorporating the relevant ISDA definitions into the recent weather transaction confirmations even though the master is an early master energy price swap agreement . Please call me at 713 853-5620 with the information so that we can move quickly . Thank you for your help . Sara
Susan: for the SITA file .
Tana: Please see Sami's message below . Is there something you can send ? SS
Barbara: Ted Murphy asked if we would negotiate a futures agreement ( for Bridgeline ) with Sakura Dellsher , Inc . You may recall that we previously handled the ADM Investor Services , Inc . futures arrangement for Bridgeline . Sara
Kim: Thanks for your call . Legal received credit for Tuscon on 5/1/00 from Ed Sacks . Susan Flynn is preparing the ISDA agreement to send to the counterparty . Let me know if you have any other questions . Sara Susan: Please let Kim know when the draft will be sent . Thanks . Sara
Susan: I would like to have this agreement ( all three parts ) executed early Monday and faxed to Goldman . Gary Hickerson can sign for Enron North America Corp . together with Ted Murphy as the second signatory . Please prepare an addendum or annex for the Client Access Agreement with the following inserts for Paragraph 9: INSERT 1 to Paragraph 9(g ) after the word "enjoined": "upon proof of any such breach" INSERT 2 which will replace the second and third sentences in Paragraph 9(h ) : "Any dispute between the parties relating to this Agreement shall be resolved pursuant to the ARBITRATION provision contained in Schedule A to this Agreement." For purposes of the password ID application , we must verify that Harry Arora is still authorized to trade for ENA ( and employed by ENA) . Roy Ibasco is coordinating for Harry . After signing , we can fax to Goldman and I have the fax info . Thanks . Sara
Per my voice mail .
clean copy of fax I left for you on Friday . Sara
Ted: Later this morning , we will be sending the Goldman electronic agreement for execution . Harry Arora will be the only "trader" authorized to receive a password for ENA . We will ask Harry to advise us when he is finished and can then terminate ( if we wish ) once Harry has reviewed the website for Enron Networks . Thanks . Sara
In connection with the "upgrading" of these old ERMS masters , I have limited information which Jeff Nogid ( X34782 ) will verify . Please verify spelling of names , addresses , etc . Morgan Guaranty Trust - legal is Michael Stolfi ( 212-648-8231 ) or the trader is Henry Stuart ( 212-648-9057 ) Morgan Stanley - Jeff will get the info today We should include a cover letter in each indicating the reason why we are submitting . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks . Sara
I will deliver a new version which you can "fix" and send to Elizabeth . SS
Scott: Thanks for the delivery . I didn't receive anything last week . Sara
Call me .
Trena: Can you please let me know if the docs from Chase are to amend the existing Repo Agreement between ENA and Chase ? What type of transactions will you be doing with Chase ? The docs I received are from a woman named Monica Turner and she has not returned my phone call . She did not provide an email address so I don't know how to get in touch with Chase . Can you help ? Maybe get me another name ? Thanks . Sara
Sami: Attached are the most recent ENA power trading agreements . Parts of the agreements may be useful to you and/or Jose Emilio ( or whomever you are working with) . Tozzini began with the earlier ENA template . Please forward any translated trading docs to my attention . Thanks . Let me know if there is anything else I can do . Sara
Jeff: Are there any issues that I might address that would be particularly useful or timely for your group ? Sara
Bob: Are there any issues that might be useful for your goup that I should address ? Also , I would like to chat with you about settlements on multiple trades . An interesting issue was raised in our credit lunch last week . Please let me know when you are available . Thanks . Sara
Sheila: Per my voice mail , can you make headway with these two companies ? We have not heard back from either . I think that there needs to be a commercial push . Please call if you have any questions or if I can help further . Thanks . Sara
Tana: When will the database be ready for companywide access ? Sara
Tana: I added several brokerage agreements to the database yesterday and all ended up in the "Other Agreements" section . Except for one , which is an "electronic trading agreement" . Can I call our developer ? Thanks . Sara
Hi , Andrea ! Attached are updated power trading forms currently in use by ENA . I thought these may be useful . I have forwarded these already to Sami . Let me know if I can be of any assistance or if you have a recent English translation of a current deal . Regards . Sara
It seems that there are only a few issues for me to respond as to and these are below . You can handle the rest , I think . Also , he jumped on the L/C removal language that we discussed . [references are to numbered paragraphs below] ( 2 ) OK ( 5 ) Did you ever receive a response from Rhett ? ( 7 ) Per already responded to you . Please find out if CP has Cayman counsel . ( 11 ) These are two separate issues . Short of a conversation , it sounds like he is confusing payments on Early Termination with consequential damages . The former will capture unpaid premiums in the event of an Early Termination based upon failure to pay . ( 12 ) Need to be consistent for both parties . ( 14 ) Is he right ? ( 15 ) Verify with Rod . ( 17 ) I think I reviewed this point already , didn't I ? ( 19 ) Check with Rod and I'll also review .
Susan: I have given this to Jason . SS
David: I will try to call you before I leave work today to follow up with any questions you may have with respect to the following items: ( 1 ) I am having the Representative Agreement executed by ENA and will return an original to your attention . Shari suggested that Susan Musch initial the agreement and Susan is out until May 22 . ( 2 ) The ENA/Aquila weather deal has not been finalized ONLY because I have been waiting to actually view the Floating Price source materials which our traders have never been able to produce or cite a reference to ( so that I could view) . There is no problem with the deal . ( 3 ) As a policy matter for Enron Australia Finance Pty . Limited , do you always agree to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of New South Wales as opposed to arbitration ? I am negotiating the ENA/ABN AMRO ( Australian branch ) futures agreement and am trying to determine appropriate jurisdiction . ( 4 ) ENA is attempting to draft an ISDA Master Agreement with a company incorporated in New Guinea ( which may have a US office) . I don't know a darn thing about New Guinea law . Do you happen to know if we've ever dealt in New Guinea , any lawyers located in New Guinea , what law is used ( I guess New Guinea! ) or whether it's similar to other PacRim countries ? I'll speak with you later . Regards . Sara
Jarrod: Attached is a "form" letter for you to send ( with adjustments as indicated ) or let me know and I will sign and send with the Vitol confirms . Separately , I have faxed to you the first page changes . Call if you have questions . Please be sure that we have included the additional reps . Sara
I would only add the ongoing cash collateral issue in Canada ( and run spell check) .
We recently did about 20 weather trades with Vitol and I "confirmed" these under the 1995 energy price swap master ( bad for weather ) but incorporated ISDA definitions . I think we should work toward replacing this master with an ISDA to eliminate the problem . We did the same with Aquila which solved the weather problem ( and I realize the Aquila is a bigger trading partner than Vitol) . Can someone generate credit ? Thanks . Sara
All: I received a request from PPM to send our form of ISDA to document trading . We previously sent a draft to these guys on 1/13/99 . The only difference is that they now want to trade and the Scottish Power acquisition is done . The contact is: Gary Ordway Suite 200 Portland , Oregon 97232
You are right ! Sorry about that .
It's true ! I am not really a lost friend , but a friend with a lost head ! I may not have time to call you today , but then again I might . But I will call before the weekend . Sara
Marie is fine with either Friday June 2 or 9 . So let's pick June 2 unless someone has a conflict . For quick planning ( invitations , caterer , limo , etc.) , who wants to help ? Sara
Sheila: We are still working with our developer to open up access to Gary's group ( read-only) . Should I include all of the names on your February 2000 org chart ? Delete some ? Add some ? Thanks . Sara
Susan: Would you please handle . Thanks . Sara
Rick: With a little luck , I can attach the first page of each of the foregoing documents and the signature block for the ISDA Master Agreement ( at the bottom of the first page of the ISDA Master Agreement) . The full set of signature documents comprises four pieces: ( 1 ) [BOILERPLATE] ISDA Master Agreement ( Multicurrency - Cross Border ) ( 2 ) Schedule to the Master Agreement [previously emailed to you] ( 3 ) [BOILERPLATE] ISDA Credit Support Annex [NOTE: the document contains 12 paragraphs] ( 4 ) Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex [previously emailed to you] When we are ready to execute documents , we generally send out a complete package with all four parts . The two emails which you previously received probably have the word "DRAFT" plastered all over them and we would normally remove this wording . Please call me in the morning so that we can be sure to dot the "i's" and cross the "t's" . Thanks . Sara
I just learned that I have a conflict on June 2 . So I have already consulted with Marie who has agreed to Friday , June 9 . I hope this works for the majority of the group . Thanks . Sara
At end of first paragraph , add: Terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have such meaning as set forth in the Agreement . Insert in "Credit or Other Special Provisions": On or before 5:00 p.m . ( Houston time ) on Wednesday , May 17 , 2000 , Counterparty shall deliver to ENA Performance Assurance in the form of a Letter of Credit in the amount of $10,000 which amount shall be maintained in favor of ENA in accordance with the terms of Annex A to the Agreement and which may be aggregated together with other amounts required for other Transactions subject to the Agreement in order to establish a single Letter of Credit . Further , at any time during the term of this Transaction , upon the request of ENA in its sole discretion , Counterparty shall deliver additional Performance Assurance in the form of a Letter of Credit in the amount of $10,000 , subject to the provisions of the foregoing sentence . In addition to such Performance Assurance , Counterparty shall establish , maintain , renew , substitute and increase such Performance Assurance in accordance with the terms and provisions of Annex A to the Agreement and the failure to do so shall constitute an Event of Default under Section 5A(6 ) of the Agreement .
not yet
Jarrod: Attached is the price correction language . There is a 60 day true up with a 30 day notification period after the correction is announced . Upon notification by a party , there is a 3 Business Day period for payment . This language tracks the ISDA so that our approach in each instance will be identical . We will need to add "Calculation Agent" to the confirmation . Please call if you have any questions . Sara P.S . you should use a paralegal for Annex B purposes and if the omnibus is for a cross-border transaction
Tana: I've already spoken with Clem this morning and he is on board with this form . The changes we are making are not substantive so let's make 'em ( marked in yellow on the hard copy I've delivered to you ) and get this signed right away . Clem is going on vacation Friday . We should also email a copy to Jack Foley when the revisions are made . PG&E will send execution copies to me . The paralegal handling this is Maryann Friel at ( 415 ) 973-4599 . Thanks for your help . Sara
Monica: Since our recent conversation , I thought that you were going to send me the entire format for the European format for the repos . Also , have you had an opportunity to review the existing repo between Chase and Enron North America Corp . ( formerly Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. ) dated as of January 29 , 1998 ? I look forward to hearing from you . Sara
Alan: we are reviewing docs from DLJ , the purchaser of the reference loan .
I'll be here
Jarrod: Just in case you needed the online version of the confirm . I will fax my markup to you . Sara
Mark: I've been asked whether ENA can enter into derivatives with an Indian company . Do you have research regarding legality/enforceability since the 1997 global review which ENA conducted through Allen & Overy ? Thanks . Sara
Laurel: Can you send the deal ticket for this transaction ? Sara
Rob: Have you ever directly engaged counsel in New Guinea ? I have searched our jurisdictional database but to no avail . I only find Australian firms with New Guinea associations . Thanks . Sara
Just received this on Brazil ( financial )
Frank: Have you ever hired New Guinea counsel ? I need to engage a firm to answer derivatives issues . Thanks . Sara
Rick: Both Greg and John are traveling . I did receive a voice mail from John advising that the deal has been delayed . I don't have details . John will try to call you . Thanks . Sara
Tana: Please provide the following individuals with Lotus Notes access . Thanks . Sara
Monica: Thanks for the form . I can verify that Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. , now Enron North America Corp . ( by virtue of a name change) , entered into a Master Repurchase Agreement with The Chase Manhattan Bank dated January 29 , 1998 . Please let me know if you need anything further . Thanks . Sara
As a result of Jeff Nogid's request , here is a recap of the Morgan Stanley situation: ( 1 ) Morgan Stanley Capital Group Inc . This is the entity for commodity trading . ( i ) ECT has a Master Energy Price Swap Agreement dated 6/16/92 ( 2 ) Morgan Stanley Capital Services Inc . Jeff Nogid requesting new master for fixed income transactions ( 3 ) Morgan Stanley International Limited This is the entity for equity trading . Will Nogid or Kinneman ever need this one ? Each of these companies has a different lawyer to negotiate the agreement . Each Morgan Stanley entity might require a separate guaranty . Anne Clark in legal ( Cap Services ) will let me know . I will put ( 2 ) in place . Do you want to pursue upgrading ( 1)(i ) or addressing ( 3) ? Please let me know . Thanks . Sara
Rod: I will contact Frederick Broda ( VP , Derivatives and Fixed Income ) in NY about this master . Jeff Nogid requested this master as well . Thanks . Sara
Please put on my calendar
Rod: Jeff Nogid has also requested an ISDA Master Agreement with the foregoing party for equity and fixed income deals . Thanks . Sara
Mark and Paul: ENA has just finalized an ISDA Master Agreement with Statoil . I had advised you several months ago that Statoil also wanted to negotiate with ECTRIC , using the ENA agreement as a model . Chuck O'Brien is the inhouse counsel and can be reached via email or phone ( 203/978-6988) . Please contact Chuck and let me know if there is anything that I can do to help . Regards . Sara Chuck: Mark and Paul can be reached in London at 011-44-20-7783-6552 ( Mark ) and 011-44-20-7783-6566 ( Paul) .
Jarrod: attached are comments to the confirm . Please note that you must reference the KPM transaction in the Additional Provisions section , part ( iv) . Sara
Michael and Deepak: Attached are the execution copies of the documents signed with ENA . If I have missed anything , please contact Susan Flynn ( as Marie Heard is now with EBS) . Thanks . Sara
Rod: attached is a recap of current credit derivatives trading in Jeff K.'s group . I don't know about activity during Shari's oversight but I hear it was minimal . How does this compare with Enron Credit.com ? Also , do we want agreements with other trading counterparties ( e.g. , DLJ Capital Funding , Inc.) ? Are Jeff and Paul calling credit before trading ? Please call to chat when you have a chance . Thanks . Sara
Shari: I see that you added this to the legal/credit list . Can you tell me why ? What type of deal do we do ? Did ECTI ever transact with DLJ Capital Funding , Inc . ( for distressed loans) ? Are you familiar with the Loan Syndications and Trading Association , Inc . "standard terms and conditions" ? Did you ever document a loan derivative ? Thanks . Sara
Please add to the list of masters to be drafted . Thanks . Sara
Mark: Barbara Gray and Shonnie Daniel worked on a Q1 deal between Enron and Texaco to create a JV called BL . I believe that the ownership is 60/40 , respectively . BL has its own employees drawn from both companies and elsewhere but is still requiring additional services . The swap group has already opened two futures accounts for BL and drafted resolutions , authorized trader lists , etc . Before the closing , there was an "understanding" that Enron would assist BL for a short time ( until June , 2000) . However , credit ( through Bill Bradford ) negotiated a 3-year services agreement for credit services to BL ( I believe based upon 1 full-time person run through an entire budget) . Randy Curry ( BL's president ) has requested that legal ( swaps group ) consider a short-term services arrangement ( I am told by credit this would be for approx . 6-9 months; BL looking for approx . 20 ISDA's) . By the way , ENA is trying to negotiate an ISDA with BL but we have no one to negotiate with ! BL has not yet hired an in-house lawyer . Are you interested in pursuing this request ? Sara
Carol: Laurel Adams was wondering whether any of the paralegal candidates who we interviewed might have a good background for "back office" duties . I have no idea whether salaries are comparable but she needs someone who can spot issues and learn the confirm process at the same time ( if no experience in the confirmation area) . What do you think ? Sara
Carol: I've been meeting with Jarrod about confirm templates . Prior to the departures of Shari , Lynda , et al , there was a move afoot to create an annex of weather definitions which could be incorporated by reference into the confirms ( or added to the Schedule) , either of which approaches would shorten the confirms considerably . Jarrod advises that the EOL T&C's for the varioius weather products contain the basic information which can be drafted in the annex . Jarrod will send us the EOL T&C's . I think it's a great idea . Jarrod will also send the existing weather templates ( which may be slightly different from those Shari gave us earlier) . We should verify that the weather rep appears in the weather option templates ( since we have agreed to remove that rep from the Schedule) . Also , shouldn't we verify that all weather trades are executed under NY law ( they probably are anyway ) since we now have the opinion from the NY Office of General Counsel ? Sara
Kelly: ENA is opening a margin line with Bank One to facilitate NYMEX trading through the Bank One broker . Has Enron Corp . ever signed a standard Master Note with Bank One ? I'd like to see what's been previously negotiated . Thanks . Sara
Please remove Mark Taylor from the distribution list and insert my name and email address . Thank you .
I have two questions: ( 1 ) If the ECC financial trading business is to be confirmed in Canada , won't Greg Johnston need a "short course" on ISDA/omnibus , etc. ? I was thinking of practical issues as well as Tana's more formalized training . ( 2 ) Have you spoken with Mary Solomson about Anthony ? I'm not sure if Tana has organized her lunch with global contracts , but it sounded as though Anthony was part of the problem and that Mary should be at the lunch .
Anne: Thanks for your voice mail . We would like to generate the master . I'll try to have it emailed on Monday . Regards . Sara
Maryann: I left you a voice mail the other day regarding two typos in the agreement and never received corrected pages . The Guarantee has been executed . However , the agreement is awaiting the initials of Rod Nelson ( credit ) who is on vacation until Wednesday . Will you send corrected pages for insertion in the document ?
Frank: Have you had any luck ? Sara
Susan: I am told that the name of the Enron company is "Enron Investments PLC" and Lance Schuler set it up for the acquisition . Please check on corporate database . I'll try to get you a contact . SS
Susan: We are going to open a futures account with Bank One . They have also sent a give up agreement . This message is FYI .
Jason: Please review ( I have others for you to see) . Also , Paul and I spoke with Cadwalader this morning . Please continue to check the international exchanges online to see if you can locate clearinhouse rules for each exchange . Perhaps you can also find information on the regulatory scheme for the jurisdictions . I suspect we will have to hire outside counsel in each country to answer our concerns . Let's talk . SS
All: Sheila and I have been trying to coordinate the account(s ) to receive the shares of the above entity . I can't locate the company on the corporate database . My understanding is that CF First Boston will receive the shares and then transfer to our Morgan account ( upon our instructions) . CF First Boston has an Enron Corp . account ( pre-1994 ) and can open a subaccount for EIplc . However , two ( 2 ) items are required: ( 1 ) a letter of beneficiary ownership ( 2 ) Is EIplc a regulated UK company ? If the answer is no , then it ( or the company reporting for it ) must provide a net asset valuation Has someone in London already handled these issues ? If not , can one of you supply me with that information ? We have spoken with Andrew Bracken in Thanks for your help . Sara
Sure , later today ?
Mark and Paul: Have either of you ever reviewed clearinghouse rules with respect to clearing members for the exhanges on which we trade ( in an effort to analyze our risk with respect to our brokers) ? If the answer is yes , could I have copies of any memoranda ? Please let me hear from you or whomever may have reviewed this issue . Thank you . Sara
Susan: We need to set up this account for funding on or before 5/30 . Please call our rep at Morgan and let's get the paperwork signed . Sara
I have a standing meeting at that time but I don't need to be on the call . Thanks . Sara
Sheila: I received a requst from you . Please advise if: ( 1 ) You sent explanation to Ted Murphy stating purpose for account . ( 2 ) Agreement reflect DB Alex Brown LLC to clear trades with prime broker of our choice ( 3 ) Why is this a Deutsche Bank agreement ? Who is "Frost Securities , Inc." ? ( 4 ) Do we contact "Janet" at 214/515-4495 with markup ?
FYI - thought you'd find this interesting . ss
FYI
FYI
Jarrod: So what's the latest with Aquila ? We may have our master signed soon . Sara
Tana: Please review these pages for corrections and insert into original . Rod should return tomorrow and we can execute and FedEx to PG&E . Thanks . Sara
Donna: It's been awhile since we last spoke about advising Enron companies of existing brokerage accounts . It has also been determined ( in legal ) that the accounts will remain with ME and not move to Alan A . I have some temporary assistance in that an A&K lawyer , Jason Peters , is working up here for another few weeks . I was hoping that we could all meet and put our "project" into action . Please give me a call and suggest some time when we may meet . Thanks . Sara
Michael and Deepak: Michael Moulton ( the ENA paper and pulp trader ) is extremely interested in SITA updates as often as possible . Please make every effort to email Michael with updates at least weekly . Thanks . Sara
Michael: Attached is FYI . Also , I am going to pay you a visit shortly to discuss the confirm . Sara
All: I received a phone call from Gary Ordway asking when he could receive draft documentation . Has anyone prepared credit ? Thanks . Sara
Susan: Here is the latest comment from Michael regarding the negotiations . We should keep Lotus Notes updated . Thanks . Sara
no
Rod and Susan: The CP's lawyer asked for a new draft so we can redraft on our new form . Unless Rod objects , we will use the same credit . Rod , there will be cross default and transferability issues ( check Lotus Notes ) but we can discuss when CP returns comments . Our Portland trader is Kim Ward and she would like to be copied on the redraft . Thanks . Sara
Susan: Yet another name to deal with ! It appears that Paul opened my original memo a day late . Sara
Carol: Haven't you been speaking with the confirm desk about identifying high volume transactions with "masterless" counterparties ? I don't want to duplicate work efforts . Maybe you and I can chat during the time originally set aside for Richard ( this morning) . Thanks . Sara
Shari: When you get back after vacation and have caught up , give me a call to chat about the NYISO pricing . Elizabeth suggested that we coordinate our efforts to capture extreme pricing revisions and negative pricing issues . Our power confirms currently include a modified version of Section 7.3 ( of the 1993 ISDA Commodity Derivatives Definitions ) in our omnibus confirms for price changes . I am still tracking third party paper . Thanks . Sara
Please prepare the ISDA as requested . Sara
What were the dollar amounts on the printout that you sent to me ?
Hey , Rod: Clint has trashed Lehman Bros . ( for the moment ) and is doing the deal with MLI . So , today we confirm the trade on a Deemed ISDA and have agreed to sign an ISDA within 20 days . Would you please prepare a credit worksheet and send it down so that we can get started ? Please note that we agreed to use Enron Corp . as the swap counterparty . Also , you left the chart for the PATS-2000 deal in my office ( you , bum!) . I do ask that you let me review this with you so that you can evaluate the credit risk . Thanks . Sara
Susan: Here's a heads up . I haven't read the messge and don't know the timing . I 'll sort throught it later today . ss
Mark: Please verify for me that you told Susan F . that Samantha would be responsible for the brokerage accounts when she joins us . I wasn't certain that Susan knew and I didn't want to spring it on her . Thanks . Sara
Gareth: My comments are generally directed toward the Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement between the Trust and UBS . Please note that UBS is aware of the 12/9/97 master executed between Swiss Bank Corporation and ENA ( as it was attached to the original fax) . The confirms are pretty straightforward . ( 1 ) Is the Trust an eligible swap participant ? ( 2 ) The Schedule is missing some "standard" Enron type provisions ( which were in the Swiss Bank master) . These include: limitation of liability confidentiality setoff isn't the Trust an Enron affiliate ? this could impact our approach . ( 3 ) Enron does not agree to the ISDA standard jurisdiction language ( which is non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of NY state and the federal court in Manhattan; waiver of all objections) . Enron's preference is arbitration . With GC consent , we agree to other provisions ( e.g. , specifice courts , waiver of jury trial , so specific court and no waiver of objections , etc.) . In the Swiss Bank master , we agreed to NY law , neither party waived any objections to venue/forum , and parties could sue anywhere . ( 4 ) Is this master to be limited to this transaction only ? If the Trust intends to use this agreement for future currency , rate , or other transactions , we need to consider the impact of caving on our usual terms . What eventually happens to the Trust ? Also , Rod Nelson in credit is currently reviewing Enron exposure to UBS . Call if you need anything else . Sara
Susan: would you please contact this party to see if they have comments ? Jennifer says they are ready to sign . We are having a guaranty problem and that's why this party has come up . Please let Souad know what the response is . Thanks . Sara
Marty: I'll call you after lunch . Thanks . Sara
Jarrod: It's attached . Insert the fallback and it sounds like we delete the Credit etc .
WHAT IS THIS ALL ABOUT ? HAVE YOU SPOKEN WITH THIS GUY ? Sara
Kaye: I would like to schedule a meeting for sometime after June 8 ( when our new paralegal Samantha arrives ) with Donna and Samantha . We will need a conference room . 1 hour . Taffy has Samantha's schedule . I know she has orientation on June 8 . If Tana is "training" on June 9 , 10 , etc. , I could borrow 1 hour . Thanks . Sara
Carol: FYI - this is a Top Ten . There are no entries in Lotus Notes since 5/5/00 . Hope you had a nice weekend . Sara
Melissa: We need to meet again about the templates . Also , what is this about ? And we have to talk about Deseret . Thanks . Sara
Kaye: Can you print a list of the documents in my folders so that I can eliminate old items ? Also , am I still subject to the "backup" of documents ?
Rod: Forgive my redundancy , but did I already request ( and did you send ) a credit worksheet for this counterparty ? This is another Clint Freeland/Jeff Nogid push for Fastow . Thanks . Sara
Jeff and Larry: Last year , Mary Gosnell prepared a one page summary which was used by legal and credit to target the preparation of ISDA Master Agreements . The summary was divided into two parts: "Without Master Agreements" and "With ECT Master Agreements" and included the number of trades for the first half of the year . It is our objective once again to put new agreements into place and upgrade existing ECT Master Agreements to ISDA Master Agreements . I don't know if EOL trades have impacted the numbers this year and I'm not sure whether we need to create a line item for EOL ( I'll leave that to your discretion) . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks . Sara P.S . We were very successful in negotiating masters appearing on Mary's list !
Jarrod: Please let me know when you have received the deemed ISDA doc . SS
FYI: Michael is on a two week honeymoon . Good luck staying on top of these guys ! Sara
FYI
Rod: Further to my recent memo , the Tokheim debt is being transferred to DLJ ( and we owe Deutsche Bank for the unwind of the loan swap) . Sara P.S . Who will handle credit derivatives in your absence ?
Carol: I missed this deal the other day which was originally assigned to Marie . In our last legal/credit meeting , Brant was going to call Christina Tice , the CP credit manager . Maybe this is a good one for Tana to stay on top of Brant . Your name is on this one . Also , nothing happened with credit on Friday . Although Richard inquired about Palladium . I let him know that we drew on the LC's last week ( according to Tanya) . Sara
Rod: And what lawyer is handling this in your presence ? This is beginning to sound like Koch and all of the Koch separate trading entities!!! ! My brain is full now .
I am a derivatives lawyer with ENA in Houston and obtained your name through one of my traders who is transacting with Jay Carr in Houston ( please see attached message below) . When I spoke with Jay earlier this month , I asked him for the name of a lawyer but was advised that all Vitol lawyers were in New York and that he would pass my message along to a lawyer . I am assuming that you are the trading lawyer who can assist me with negotiating an ISDA Master Agreement between our respective companies . If not , please let me know and feel free to pass this message on to the appropriate attorney . On April 12 , 1995 , Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. , predecessor in title to ENA , and Vitol S.A. , Inc . entered into a Master Agreement which is one of ENA's early energy price swap agreements . Since our companies are currently trading weather derivatives , I think you would agree that it would be prudent to supersede the existing agreement with an ISDA Master Agreement . This relates to my conversation with Jay in that we confirmed our weather deals under the existing master but incorporated the 1991 and 1993 ISDA definitions into the confirms of our weather trades . Please let me hear from you . You can reach me via email , phone ( 713/853-5620 ) or fax ( 713/646-3490) .
Kaye: Please schedule about an hour with Elsa Piekielniak ( X37613 ) in my office to discuss "new products , per her voice mail" . Thanks . SS
WHAT IS THIS ALL ABOUT ?
Bill: I'll call you on Thursday , June 1 at 2pm MST . Thanks . Sara
All: I know that credit and legal are currently stretched to the limits but pushing your credit priorities will require some coordination . Here's a brief recap of yesterday's meeting: ALMOST DONE: Cargill , Idacorp , Utilicorp BRANT: Dynegy Canada , Occidental , Duke Energy Marketing Limited P'p RUSSELL: PanCanadian Energy Services , WPS Energy Services TANYA: J.Aron ( we need commercial help to push this ) Please review the comments taken at each meeting and distributed to everyone . Please use Lotus Notes to record/review activity . We are depending on you to take needed action as required and we are doing the same . Thanks . Sara
Tanya: Please talk to either Carol or Tana . Maybe they need commercial help to get the guaranty . SS
Tanya: Please see Vitol response below . Do you generate the credit worksheet ? How does London credit fit in here ? Another interesting feature here is the use of the multibranch provision for a trading company ( Vitol isn't a bank , or is it?) . I have never seen this utilized in practice for a non-bank entity and have resisted the idea for us . There is very little written about the application of the multibranch party and I think that is because it has been understood as applying to banks . However , would this master be a "multibranch master" for us as well ? Sara
Tanya: another Vitol message
You'd better be back in town ! Sara
Thank you for the confirmation . I assume that I am not charged until you ship . Is this correct ?
Paul: We'll await your credit worksheets to begin preparing the ISDA's . Thanks . Sara
Hi , Susan . Just to let you know that I will have the agreements executed by ENA once you have initialled and returned them to me . Thanks . Sara
No credit support annex . Enron Corp . guaranty capped at $25 million . That's the latest ( for Lehman , etc. )
Kaye: Will you please print these docs for me ? Thanks . Sara
Kaye: Will you please print these as well ?
Paul: I finally got your address right ! Why are YOU listed in the Enron Corp . address book ? Tanya and Rod can be accessed through the ECT directory ! I spoke with David Mitchell this morning . He will prepare a short memo summarizing our recent discussion ( NYMEX) , probably by the end of this week or early next week . Then we can decide whether additional conversations are necessary and how to proceed in general . Also , please send credit worksheets to BOTH Susan Bailey and Susan Flynn . They divide up the booty . We have a new paralegal starting on Monday named Samantha Boyd . She will eventually be thrown into the fray . We'll be sending a new message to everyone in credit soon . Thanks for your help . Sara
Susan: The docs are in my "in box" . I haven't reviewed and need to speak with Sheila ( or have you already contacted her?) . I don't know the timing for this transaction . How long will it take to open the account ? Feel free to grab the docs . SS
Ted: ENA , formerly Enron Gas Marketing , Inc. , opened a futures account with Cargill in 1993 . I am advised that there has not been any activity with Cargill for many months . It appears that we had subaccounts for trading crude , nat gas , unleaded gas . We do not have any margin residing with Cargill . Given our recent discussions regarding inactive equity accounts , I was wondering if you had given any thought to inactive futures accounts . As of 5/23/00 , I see only 13 active futures accounts . The following accounts appear to be dormant: ( 1 ) Bank One - I am currently negotiating to open up a margin line ( 2 ) Cargill ( 3 ) Daiwa Securities America ( 4 ) Gerald Inc . ( may have merged or business moved to another firm ) ( 5 ) Merrill Lynch Futures ( 6 ) Paine Webber ( 7 ) OM Stockholm ( paper ) ( 8 ) Spear , Leeds & Kellogg Please let me know what action you would like to take , if any , or discuss in general . Thanks . Sara
Susan: Please send to Peter Bar ( he's the trader ) at Merrill: You can call him to see if you should also send to a lawyer , probably Gary Rosenblum . Peter's phone number is 212-449-6763 . His fax is 212-738-1069 . Also , I had opened a Lotus Notes entry to begin capturing information . You will need to delete one of the entries . Thanks . Sara
Martin: I wasn't certain if I sent you an email earlier today , but I am in need of current information regarding Swedish law , in connection with an ENA swap with a Swedish corporate . I faxed our counsel ( from the 1996 derivatives survey ) Advokatfirman Vinge KB to inquire about the enforceability of arbitration in ISDA agreements between US and Swedish parties . Do you know the answer ? Or do you have any other suggestions ? We did a trade yesterday and I'm trying to document using a deemed ISDA . I appreciate any help . Regards . Sara
Kaye: Attached is my message from Tuesday . Also , please schedule an hour in my office with Melissa Murphy ( 31886 ) to discuss power confirms . SS
John: Per my voice mail . Please call . Sara
Susan: Please let me review changes to docs . When will this go out the the counterparty ? Sara
Mark: I have scheduled a 5 pm flight to NO . I am attending a wedding Friday night . I hope this is not a problem , but let me know . Also , did you receive my voice mail about the Goldman electronic agreement and their denial of my request for injunctive relief upon proof of breach ? I'd like to finalize this agreement . Thanks . Sara
FYI
Taffy: Did you ever deliver a recap of our Tuesday meeting to legal and credit ? Sara
Tanya: my mistake . I'll put back on . We've signed; it's their paper . Sara
Melissa: Attached is my version . Please call if you have any questions . SS
FYI
Rod: I spoke with Merrill legal and the biggest issue is the capped guaranty ( particularly since Merrill expected Enron Corp . to be the counterparty ) .  Please call Peter Barna to discuss at 212-449-6763 . Thanks . Sara
I will be leaving the office at approx . 3:45 pm . If we need to meet , please see me before that time . Sara
Susan: Fred says to send to Jerry Brunner , PO BX 737 , Ignacio , CO 81127 phone is 970-563-0140 Does Suttle have another contact ?
FYI - the following list reflects old ECT master and no master counterparties by volume ( not necessarily exposure) . Sara Tanya: do you want all of these names on the legal/credit list ?
Susan: Please put in file and note changes on our paperwork . SS ps Did the merger trigger anything in the agreement ?
Melissa: Brant Reves has just confirmed for me that financial power deals in the name of Aquila will change to Utilicorp United Inc . when the ISDA Master is signed ( any day now) . Of course , the confirm will be an ISDA confirm , as well . SS
Susan: you need to log this in . I'm leaving early today . SS
In the interest of time , I have revised our draft ISDA Schedule to conform in most material respects to the 1994 ( effective 1992 ) agreement executed between ERMS and Merrill Lynch Capital Services , Inc . ( "Old ISDA") . This was done to accommadate the Merrill lawyer , Gary Rosenblum ( who didn't want to read our Schedule!) . The Old ISDA is not identical to the format used by Merrill Lynch International today so I'm not sure how hard they will press for other changes . There are two potential credit issues that I see: ( 1 ) agreement as to the Enron Corp . guaranty cap ( and possible Merrill Lynch guaranty cap ) and ( 2 ) our introduction of a MAC provision in the form of an Additional Event of Default ( necessary because the Old ISDA had a Credit Support Annex and this one does not) . I left a voice mail for Gary Rosenblum and asked that he let me know when he was available on Monday to talk AND to have his credit person contact Rod Nelson . Sara P.S . I haven't heard from Morgan Guaranty Trust Company or Morgan Stanley Capital Services , Inc .
Kaye: Please print this message and documents . SS
Tracy Ngo , Melissa Murphy , Kim Theriot , me to discuss financial power trading counterparties . Please ask Tracy if Ed Sacks or anyone else from credit should be included .
Carol: Here's my "short" list of issues for Mark: ( 1 ) Swap Group Meeting on Wednesday , June 7: ( a ) reiterate "rules" ( e.g. , office hours , taking personal/vacation time and advising the rest of the group , how rotation of masters/confirms/C.A . works and what happens when someone is ill/vacation , timeliness of deemed ISDA's/omnibus confirms , confirmation desk , etc. ) ( b)paralegal workload ( 2 ) Confirmations and need to create a "writing" multiple confirms with the same counterparty confirms with extremely short terms ( hourly , under 5 days ) - no confirm ? use of confirms with negative language ( 3 ) Hiring a clerk to assist paralegals to run errands ( 4 ) Policy regarding INDIVIDUALS as eligible swap participants ( 5 ) Method for shortening weather confirms ( 6 ) Mary and Brent - possible work assignments
Yes , please .
Lisa: per your voice mail , I am sending the ballot to your office for review . Thanks . Sara
Do I have to think ? Well , I say let's do it . We'll have to monitor and if he is ever ineligible , we can cancel the agreement . Of course , we can always decide to not transact . SS
The saga continues
FYI - Leslie drafted language ( based on ISDA ) some time ago . I just want to be consistent . I left Leslie a vm . SS
Melissa: I've revised your list slightly for my purposes . Can you take a quick look ? We can refine the format tomorrow . Thanks . Sara p.s . It sure looks like a lot of people have their hands on the "power correction language" . I'm meeting with Tom May this afternoon .
Susan: Based on Tanya's message , we should pursue the Morgan Cap Services agreement . Let's talk when you have a chance . I've put this on our
Taffy: Are we on Mark's schedule today ? Thanks . Sara
I spoke with the Lehman lawyer who will call me back this evening with comments . Rod: Daniel Goldhagen is their credit officer .
FYI - let's chat and decide where to go from here . Sara
Edmund: I gather from Paul Radous that these are both ECTRIC ISDA masters and transactions . I have a November 11,1999 South African derivatives questionnaire ( from Webber Wentzel Bowens) . Would you like to have a copy ? Sara
John: What's happening here ? Sara
Brant: Is this really high priority ( for our legal/credit discussions) ? We haven't heard from these guys since April 13 . Sara
Rod: What's going on with this dudes ? They just sent me a huge agreement relating to their arrangement with the International Finance Corp . and hedging agreements . Sara
For ALL options for this party , we need to revise the opening sentence to read: ".. . the terms and conditions of the Transaction . . . on the Trade Date specified below ( the "Transaction" ) which is an option offered by Small Ventures USA , LLC to ENA , and accepted by ENA , pursuant to a telephone conversation between the parties."
I believe this to be true . I spoke with the Utilicorp lawyer when I documented the "Australian" weather trade and discussed transfer of the weather deal to the new master . We should talk to our Aquila trader .
Stewart: I'll have to review their master to be certain ( and insure that there is no specific prohibition against weather transactions) . In general , there is nothing else required specifically , although we may have to add some language to the weather confirmations themselves . Sara
Please see attached . Also , I need to speak with you about brokerage business - it's exceeding swap/derivative work . Sara
Foiled again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
You're always sending me stuff
FYI . Also , I'll look at the agreement . Sara
Jason: fyi . Also , Randy Curry did call me yesterday but wasn't available when I returned the call . Also , let's get Sakura Dellsher executed ( and we should create a file since we're noting the ADM agreement which we did for Bridgeline) . Could we please talk this afternoon about outstanding agreements ? ss
All: please see the attached . Also , I left a detailed message for Lauren Hagerty last night but haven't anything . Sara
Just got off the phone with outside counsel for Credit Agricole . We're very close . Tanya: Can you tell me what products we trade ? Are there many outstanding transactions ? Also , I'd like to make sure that the "credit worksheet" is current . It looks like we're working off of something dated 1/31/96 ( Terry Donovan!!!!!) . This must be wrong .
Susan: Please fax a copy of Rule 35.1(b)(2 ) to James Coiley ( outside counsel) . Thanks . Sara
Carol: John sent the email to all paralegals after he and I spoke in the morning ( 6/2 ) since we didn't know who would handle . I remember , now , I checked the log in book while Susan was at lunch and it wasn't there so when I asked her about it , she told me she was holding a prior confirm for Twister (  apparently inactive until further notice ) and she was now going to handle this one . I reminded her that I was leaving early to fly to NO so that I'd have enough time to review . The rest is history . Sara
The AAA program was Credit Lyonnais .
I will have to leave shortly before 5 pm on Thursday . Also , on Friday , I will have to leave around 4 pm to be home for the FOOD delivery !
This is the account we can begin working on now . We need to meet ( maybe you can drop by) . Sara
FYI
I'll get to this later today . Call if you have immediate issues . Sara
David: check out the second attachment . Thanks , as always . Sara
I haven't forgotten . We've been short staffed and swamped . Sara
We are in the process of auditing/monitoring all accounts . It is possible that after due notice , we will commence with the closure of unutilized account.s . Please call if you have any questions . Sara
Please print out the "swap" documents for me ASAP . Thanks . Sara
FYI - this may be a duplicate
please print from SWAP 1 to the end . Thanks . SS
Jen: This is a good question and I think that the PG&E lawyer may be confused here with instructions to her traders . The PG&E trader can call either an ECC or ENA trader BUT a transaction will ALWAYS be booked and confirmed in the name of ENA under the executed ENA ISDA Master Agreement with PG&E . For internal purposes , the trade will either remain on an ENA book or backed to an ECC book . I hope this answers your question . Sara
David: Thank you for the email . I left a message for you to call ( let me know what's convenient and I'll make myself available ) because we were trying to make the language generic enough to include all future products which might fall into this category . We considered the following: Alternative 1: "For purposes of any Transaction in a Commodity for which there is either no market or for which the market is illiquid , Party B recognizes that ( i ) this market is less liquid than other OTC derivatives Alternative 2: "For purposes of any Transaction in which the relevant Commodity is traded in a market that is newer or less liquid than other OTC derivatives markets , Party B recognizes that ( i ) such market is newer or less liquid than other OTC derivatives markets; .  .  .  " We also considered adding some type of statement that specifies newer products without limiting future applicability ( i.e. . "including but not limited to paper and pulp") . Also , "newer market" may not mean illiquid . "No market" could mean that we are the only market maker . Your language places the onus on us to continually identify these illiquid products either in the Schedule , by amendment to the Schedule or in a separate writing . Can we please discuss ? I am free all afternoon . Thanks . Sara
We are continuing to send Deemed ISDA's to this entity ( periodically ) and have transacted with other Glencore entities in the past . I would like to generate a draft ISDA and send to these guys because it will make our life easier ( and we say as much in a Deemed ISDA) . Thanks . Sara
Gary: I believe we are having our guaranty executed . We haven't seen the draft of yours . Please send ASAP . How long will it take for you to execute ? Sara
Can you supply with an addressee list for potential closure of ANY futures accounts ? There are currently about seven inactive accounts for all types of commodities . Thanks . Sara
Jaime: When speaking with you earlier , I completely forgot to mention that Carol St . Clair ( Ext . 33989 ) will be addressing EOL issues arising in connection with Enron Mexico Corp . Please forgive me . I know that Carol is trying to finalize communications with our outside counsel in Mexico . It may be helpful for you to have a conversation with her about your goals , etc . for her to include in her discussions . I am still handling financial derivatives matters in general for Mexico . Please let me hear from you and I look forward to meeting with you later this week . Regards . Sara
Please let me know if the attached guaranty is identical to the original incoming guaranty in the other Merrill file . We're trying to execute today or tomorrow .
Yes , my other question to Gary was HOW QUICKLY can you have the guaranty executed .
Susan: this guaranty came from the lawyer . Use this instead of the earlier version . SS
Jaime: Carol and I are available on Tuesday , June 13 from 10 am - 11:45 am and after 3 pm . Please let us hear from you ( and who should initiate the call) . Thanks . Sara
This provision is an election which we have added to the Schedule for governmental entities . I believe that it is intended to eliminate any confusion that historically arose during the debate between "First Method" ( one-way payments ) and "Second Method" ( two-way payments ) for Early Termination purposes . Although I can't find a good reason to continue to use this provision with an ISDA ( except that it emphasizes the point) , I can understand why we may have added it to a pre-ISDA agreement with a governmental . The only example that I could locate was our September 21 , 1995 Master Agreement with Reedy Creek Improvement District . For those of you who have never seen this form , it was one of the two types of master agreements developed by ECT before we became conversant with ISDA . Because these forms didn't contemplate municipal counterparties , we had to add many of the ISDA U.S . Municipal Counterparty Schedule provisions . The Part 5(b)(k ) provision originally appeared in this early agreement . It was included in the "Event of Change" section [5F(4)] ( which is tantamount to the ISDA concept of "Illegality" , a "Termination Event") . I think it was probably included because in the ISDA , Second Method is the automatic payment method if the parties fail to make a specific designation for Early Termination purposes , but there isn't a comparable provision in the old ECT form .
FYI
Sheetal: Please note that ENA will ALWAYS want to include an Annex B with this Counterparty . Legal will need to review each time . Thanks . Sara
Susan: ( 1 ) We need to have the following agreement with Goldman re-executed . I have the prior agreement in my office ( if you want it) . Please let me see the cover letter you submit to Lisa . Please add this to the equity list . ( 2 ) I will give you Direct Trading for execution . It should also be added to the equity list . ( 3 ) I think we need to add a reference to the First Boston Enron Corp . account to the equity list .
legal/credit meeting - please verify conference room
We do not have any executed docs to send to Morgan Stanley to open the account . Lauren is awaiting signatures . Ted Murphy is the only signature required outside the India group . Morgan will open the account with faxed signatures . Did Anthony ever give you an account number ? Sara
Lauren spoke with Anthony last night - all is calm . Sheila will track down an account number . Lauren will deliver docs to you today and we will need Ted's signature . We can send out the package tonight . One of Anthony's assistants is handling today . By the way , Enron India LLC recieved the largest share of the IPO . There are problems with the other the other India account .
Will you please contact them again . SS
We're almost ready - a few more minutes
forget the earlier message . this is it
Bob: Hope all is well . Per my voice mail , attached is the confirm . I'm trying to refresh my knowledge of equity derivatives and securities issues ( for ENE) . You can reach me at 713/853-5620 . Let me know what your schedule looks like . It's looking like a wave of equity deals is coming my way . Thanks . Sara
Carol: What's this about ?
Susan: will you please handle . Thanks . Sara
FYI
Paul: I think you are trying to avoid me ! Hope all is well and you are just overworked and overwhelmed . I am now working with Moazzam Khoja in Houston who is part of the enroncredit.com group most of which ( as I understand ) is located in London . In connection with that group's activities , I have some questions and all fingers point to you . ( 1 ) Do you have credit derivative research that may be applicable for credit derivative transactions ( including your online "bankruptcy swap" ) in the US ? I am sure that you've already explored the "insurance" issue and I don't want to duplicate reasearch , if possible . ( 2 ) What forms have you devised ? Are they online ? Should I just grab a password ? ( 3 ) Are the enroncredit.com traders in the UK required by the SFA to take an SFA exam ( I'm guessing it's a broker or securities exam) ? Is trading in credit derivatives regulated , or regulated differently than other types of derivatives ? I am trying to determine whether Moazzam needs to take the Series 7 here in the US; our traders taking that exam must be dealing in "securites" for that exam to be necessary . ( 4 ) Where is enroncredit.com headed ? I would very much appreciate your [PROMPT] reply . Sara
Joann Dobson
I will be on vacation on Friday , June 30 . Sara
Rod: I'm thinking ahead with respect to Enron Corp./Hickerson matters . A few current issues include: ( 1 ) Nogid/Freeland seem to be entering into more equity swaps . I have asked that copes of all equity transactions be forwarded to my attention immediately . The first order of business includes transacting with the following parties in the following order: 1 . Credit Suisse First Boston ( "CSFB") . We have an ECT ISDA with Credit Suisse Financial Products which I believe is the predecessor to CSFB . Can you verify ? Do we need to amend or create a new master ? 2 . Bear Stearns ( I believe that it will be Bear Stearns International Limited because equities are done offshore ) 3 . Lehman Brothers Finance S.A . ( you already provided credit ) Please let me know about 1 and 2 above . ( 2 ) Credit derivatives and distressed loan transactions On May 18 , 2000 , I provided you with a list of the types of transactions originating in Kinneman's group by ECT Investments . Do these guys ever need to communicate with credit ? How do you monitor ? Please let me know who I should be speaking with about these transactions .
Do you think that we should give Susan B. , Susan F . and Tana an expression of thanks for their work during Marie's departure ? I was thinking that a gift certificate would be appropriate ( e.g. , spa services , Enron gift products , etc. ) and it might send the message that we do know and appreciate their efforts . Sara
I made some changes to the language below assuming use for an ISDA . My onlproblem is that I am not certain that the IPE description is what we use ( I'll defer to your verification ) but it appears each monthly calculationincorporates pricing from three different delivery month contracts . Sara P.S . I would like a copy of the Platt's marketwire if you can locate
Don't worry - I already spoke to Souad . SS Carol St Clair To: Sara Shackleton/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Subject: Re: IPE Brent language Sara: This is Greek to me . Can you help ? carol
I'll be reachable all afternoon at ( 713 ) 664-3207 . Please feel free to call me . Thanks . Sara
The market for this Transaction is less liquid than other OTC derivatives markets and , accordingly , this Transaction may be subject to greater risk than other derivatives transactions . This should be added to the confirm as: ( i ) numbered paragraph 2 for the ISDA confirm ( ii ) the second sentence ( opening paragraph ) of the omnibus
I guess you know that Mark was inquiring as to who had ordered these . I'd like a copy of the Japanese materials . thanks . Sara
Mark: In connection with Susan F.'s departure , could you please provide a copy of her "project list" so that we can follow up on finalizing/redistributing her workload ? I have lots of questions which I'm sure can't be answered this minute , such as: Shouldn't we help to prioritize her work ? Will she continue day-to-day work ? Who will take confirm desk calls? , How will this impact Samantha's training ( maybe the lawyers should be involved now) , etc . Please let us know when you'd like to "regroup" . Thanks . Sara
All: Attached are Bob's comments . I have not yet reviewed but will do soshortly . We're making progress on the masters . And it will be important ttrack ALL EQUITY CONFIRMATIONS . I would appreciate your advising me whenever Enron Corp . transacts derivatives/forwards , whether in the name of Enron Corp . or ENA , on a timely basis . This will obvioiusly eliminate delays inreviewing the language and will make it easier to speak with both Rex andBob . Thanks . Sara
Hi , Patricia ! Just thought I'd drop you a quick note to see what you might have available by Maxwell Hendler . I understand that you had a recent show of his work . Please drop me an email or you can reach me at work ( 713 ) 853-5620 . Mike and I still think about "Tangee" , "Aqua Pool" , etc . I hope you are doing well and we look forward to returning to L.A . soon . Thanks very much . Regards . Sara
per my voice mail
Attached are the two ( 2 ) sets of assignments with attached trade descriptions . ( 1 ) the first set ( first two docs ) is an assignment of trades between ENA and HS Resources , Inc.; after execution of the assignment , the trades will be between ENA and HS Energy Services , Inc . subject to the ISDA which we are now negotiating [the second doc is an appendix consisting of 5 trades and I have asked the desk to confirm that these are the only outstanding trades] ( 2 ) the second set ( last two docs ) is an assignment of trades between J . Aron & Company and HS Energy Services , Inc; after execution of the assignment , the trades will be between J.Aron & Company and ENA subject to the 8/14/94 J.Aron/ENA ISDA [the fourth doc is an appendix of all existing trades between J.Aron/HS Energy Services , Inc . I have no idea where this came from but I assume it is part of your agreement with HS . Who is verifying the trades and are all trade terms acceptable ? Presently , the assignment is drafted such that a conflict between the Master and a confirm will be governed by the Master]
Tana: Jason still does not have access to the Financial Trading dababase . Can you facilitate please ? thanks . Sara
Jim: We are still trying to resolve the ISDA issues . On a slightly different note , could you please send me copies of the executed confirmations for the five trades that HSES has with J . Aron ? My fax number is ( 713 ) 646-3490 . Thanks . Sara
Jason: Please stay in touch with Sarah . We really do need to finalize with Bank One by Friday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
Hi , Shari: Carol told me that you and Peggy have some memoranda addressing the validity of local derivatives trading in Mexico . I would appreciate copies . Do I need to also place these in our legal opinion database ? Thanks . Sara
Jim: I couldn't tell if you received this message . Sara
Mark: ENA is looking into derivatives trading with an Indian corporate . My latest information is the opinion from 1/14/97 rendered by Crawford Bayley & Co . ( which was part of our global survey effort a few years ago) . Do you have anything more recent ? The ENA inquiry came from the pulp and paper group . Thanks for your help . Sara
fyi . also , I just spoke with Sarah Wesner ( ext . 35261 ) who will coordinate with you . You can review the note with her and let's talk about their guaranty ( will our guaranty format work?) . Also , I'm almost inclined to go with their commitment letter ( if revised ) in lieu of a lengthier agreement .
Paul: Please see below . How serious is this inquiry as it will require some work on the legal side ? Sara
fyi ( I've asked Sheila to add your name to the list) . Sara
Thanks for the heads up . Also , please add Samantha Boyd to the list since she will be assisting us with these accounts . Thanks . Sara
HS Energy Services docs
FYI
Susan: Steve Morus called and would like for you to email to him the schedule/CSA for comment . Info already in database . Thanks . Sara
Pushkar: Here's the language suggested by Merrill for use in NDF's . I am not familiar with the frequency of our trades , but I'm sure Laurel can fill in the blanks . I thought that the process being implemented by the EMTA seemed reasonable but let me know if this is a fallback that you would agree to use if the PTAX rate is not available for settltment . Thanks . Sara
Sheila: Looks like Rafael never read the email that Susan Flynn sent to Nancy a few days ago . I don't know where this stands . Sara
Susan and Susan: Please let me know who will handle . I am holding the confirm . Sara
Please let me review final changes . Sara
Tanya: I just spoke with Chris about this ARCO transaction which might trade TODAY . We are "cleaning up" some of the language as it was based on the prior ARCO deal ( when we were ECT) . Please note that Enron Corp . previously provided a guaranty . I am not certain whether that guaranty is tied to the transaction specifically and I'll try to track down . Will ENA provide a parent guaranty for the new transaction ? Please let me know . Thanks . Sara
Joe: Attached in draft form is a transaction that Chris Foster may do with Arco today . His number in Portland is 834-3822 . I'm not certain about credit and "ECT" will have to change to "ENA" . Let's keep in touch . Thanks . Sara
Jarrod: attached is language which should be added to all paper and pulp omnibus confirms ( and Bob has reviewed this language): Also , attached is the Temple-Inland confirm and I have changed only the "Credit or Other Special Provisions" paragraph . You will have to attach Exhibit "A" ( which Susan sent you last week) . P.S . Please verify with credit the timing for delivery of the guaranty . I believe that Paul told me by Wednesday .
Tana: Please see that Jeff Nogid and Clint Freeland are given access to our Financial Trading Agreements database . Thanks . Sara
Global Finance
Susan: Steve Morus called again and asked that you please email the Schedule/CSA for comment . Thanks . Sara
attached are comments ( and note that you do not need the defined term "Agreement" in the opening paragraph: I do not understand your "Notice of Exercise" because it describes an option to extend . Please call .
You are most welcome . Hope the food is as good as the OTHER get together . SS
When will you have some time to discuss ( a ) templates and ( b ) short dated trades ?
Kevin: We are holding up the execution of the ISDA Master Agreement until you finalize your piece . The DATE of the earliest trade between ENA and HS Resources is important because we will use that date for the ISDA . Please verify that date as soon as possible . Thanks . Sara
Susan: Which Paribas are you referring to ?
please call . I'd like copy of final Media General . Also , we need to discuss the notice . sara
Please see the attachment for a specific definition of ELIGIBLE SWAP PARTICIPANT and the TRADE OPTION EXEMPTION . From a legal perspective and to avoid scrutiny and regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission , ENA must always comply with the Trade Option Exemption when entering into options ( as buyer or seller ) with a third party . Some of ENA's trading parties cannot satisfy this exemption from regulation because they are not a producer/merchant handling the underlying commodity ( such as banks , hedge funds , etc ) even though they may be entering into the transaction for business purposes . If that situation occurs , ENA MUST ALWAYS BE THE OFFEREE OF THE OPTION ( as buyer or seller ) and ENA cannot solicit the party to enter into the transaction . If ENA's trading partner fails to satisfy the Trade Option Exemption , our confirmation will EXPLICITLY state that ENA was offered the option to buy or sell by the counterparty . Please call me if you have any questions . Thanks . Sara [ENA legal]
John: Please call me when you have had a chance to review . Sara
Susan: have you heard anything ? Also , before I forget , please document the account in London with CSFB that we used to receive money in connection with metals trading .
All: Attached is a short recap of the items which I have been discussing with Clint and Jeff . I'd like to get together sometime today or tomorrow . Rex and Jim: I will fax to you copies of the Enron Corp . resolutions ( some final , some draft only ) referenced in the attached summary . I may not have the latest information and perhaps you can update and address when we meet . Please call me with a suggested time . This afternoon is best for me .
Trena: In the next week or so , I will be devoting most of my time and attention to Gary's world . I met with Gary last week , and he suggested that I give you a call to see if you needed any legal assistance . I am available for whatever you might need me for . My number in Houston is 713/853-5620 . I'm looking forward to working with you . Regards . Sara
please print - and - can you remind me what I need to do in order to print spreadsheets ? thanks
Tana: I hope I'm not repeating myself here but Laurel Adams ( confirm desk - Hickerson ) and Sheila Glover ( Hickerson CFO ) need access . If it's been provided already , my apologies for asking again . Thanks . Sara
At last ! Thursday morning at 10:30 am , Rex Rogers and Jim Armogida will meet with me in my office . You are invited . I suspect that much of our conversation will be a repeat of the meeting that you had last week . Sara
Rod and I discussed this party ( which always appears on the legal/credit list!!! ! It seem that BP signed a Master Agreement ( our OLD form ) with ECTRIC on 1/8/98 and agreed to sign THE IDENTICAL AGREEMENT with ENA . Absent an executed agreement , ENA and BP continue to use a form of "Swap Contract" which had been agreed to many years ago ( similar to our GTC's in the omnibus ) which also provides that the parties will negotiate a master agreement . Rod doesn't see much current trading activity so we didn't believe this to be a high priority . Having said all of this , the form is limited to swaps , doesn't provide for setoff , arbitration , certain market disruption events and several other items which we can review if necessary . Please let me know how you would like to proceed . Thanks . Sara
Please advise . Sara
Here's the email ! And thanks for your help this morning . Sara
Carson: I have been pretty awful , haven't I ? I took a short vacation to Dallas last Friday but I'm back now . I'd love to have lunch one day . Just give me a call ( 713/853-5620 ) and we can catch up . Not much news; same old , same old . Sara
We are currently in negotiations with them . Please do not forward my emails to Bank One . Sara
Paul R . and I will be waiting for your phone call on Monday , July 10 at 1 pm ( Houston time) . Sara
Mary: Attached is a format that I used in 1999 to inquire about certain issues impacting financial trading with foreign counterparties . I also have information about possible New Guinea counsel which I will clear with Derrick and Haedicke . Our potential trading counterparty is a mining company called "OK Tedi" . Sara
please print
FYI - looks like more waiting
Just let me know -
Tana: You offered to send the TXU agreement for multiple confirms . Thanks . Sara
James: I just thought I'd follow up with you regarding our conversation of June 7 , 2000 . I thought that you were going to produce a new draft based upon our discussion . Please let me know if I misunderstood or if in fact the ball is in my court . Thanks . Sara
James: Please ignore my earlier email . I do have your email of 6/13/00 and will respond as quickly as possible . Thanks . Sara
Susan: Which Paribas are you referring to ?
All: It appears that this is the group which can best address the ( derivatives ) issues which may arise when Enron Corp . attempts to enter into equity swaps/options/forwards based upon Enron Corp . stock . We have all undertaken to provide the group with the following items: ( 1 ) "Procedures for Executing/Documenting/Unwinding Enron Corp . Equity Derivatives" Clint has already circulated a draft proposal . Comments are invited . ( 2 ) The transacting party: ENA ( with an Enron Corp . guaranty ) or Enron Corp. ? Rex has no preference and credit's initial response was to consolidate trading in ENA . I will revisit this issue with Bill Bradford . ( 3 ) Enron Corp . equity trading resolution Rex and Jim will handle the drafting and logistics . This will be necessary if Enron Corp . is the trading party because the counterparty will want to review ( and equity trading requires authorization ) AND also necessary if ENA is the trading party because equity trading requires authorization . ( 4 ) Standard form of Registration Rights Agreement Rex and Jim will handle the drafting . This can be used as our "form" for future transactions . ( 5 ) Enron Corp . "position paper" addressing equity derivative parameters , preferable methods of settlement , registration rights , etc . I have no volunteers . Maybe Bob Baird needs an assignment . As you know , there are several outstanding confirms which require immediate attention before the foregoing items can be finalized . Please let me know if we can establish a timetable for completion of this project . Thanks for your help . Sara
Bill: I have previously discussed this issue with Rod . I would like to revisit once again . These transactions include swaps/options/forwards on ENE stock . There is a renewed effort coming from Treasury to use these tools more frequently than in the past . I am in touch with Rex Rogers ( Enron Corp . securities lawyer ) as registration rights issues on ENE stock are definitely involved . Our counterparties are telling us that they prefer to look to Enron Corp . since it is Enron Corp.'s stock that is involved . At a minimun , even if ENA were the trading counterparty ( with an Enron Corp . guaranty capped at an appropriate level) , Enron Corp . would probably have to sign each confirmation as ISSUER OF THE STOCK ( and ENA cannot make those agreements on behalf of Enron Corp.) . I would like to discuss ASAP as we are in the midst of negotiations with CSFB International , UBS AG , Morgan Stanley Capital Services , Inc . and Lehman Brothers Finance S.A .
Where does this stand ? Have you received the guaranty from Clem ?
All: I spoke with Bill Bradford to get the global credit perspective , and , he is entirely neutral . However , he agreed that it made sense for Enron Corp . to transact on its own stock . I am prepared to draft new ISDA Master Agreements with our remaining potential targets in the name of "Enron Corp." without Credit Support Annexes . Upon execution , the parties generally exchange evidence of authority ( i.e. , resolution or excerpt thereof) . The outstanding confirms are in the name of Enron Corp . These are "Deemed ISDA's" and no party has asked for evidence of authority ( although the parties do represent that they have such authority) . Please let me hear from you if someone objects to the use of Enron Corp . Thanks . Sara
Has Mark spoken with you yet about Latin America ? Let's talk ! Sara
Susan: Please forward your two emails ( re: HS Resources,et al ) to Bill Bradford and John Suttle . SS
Joel: Are you also going to send out the ABN Amro guaranty ? We're sending the draft credit agreement . Sara
Joel: thanks - everything was sent out as draft as we don't have all internal comments ( and we don't even know ABN's position!) . Sara
FYI
per my voice mail
Brent: you should be taking this over . Sara
John: Jason is out of the office until Wednesday . Sara
Paul: Here's the report which I will resurrect . I'll have you review the revision before we send out . SS
Jarrod: attached is my prior redline with suggested comments . You'll see that I need to verify some dates , and I will call . Ultimately , we will send new drafts to Joe and each of John Byrnes ( jbyrnes@dlalaw.com ) and Steve Zacharias ( szacharias@media-general.com) . Joe should verify numbers .
Kaye: Can this be printed on legal ?
My fax number is ( 713 ) 646-3490 . Thanks . Sara
FYI
did I already send this to you ? sara
Dear Dan: Sorry not to send the check last week as promised . It seems that my mom landed in a hospital in England and I had to dash out of town . Now , eight days later , I am just catching up . Tomorrow ( July 19 ) I will send the check to you by Federal Express for Friday delivery together with my request for a response from you to the "birthday boy" . I did receive your newsletter - thanks very much . Regards . Sara
Trena: We have ISDA agreements as follows: ( 1 ) CIBC ( a ) Enron Corp . has a 1/17/96 master and CIBC is designated as multibranch to act through offices in Tokyo , London and New York . If this agreement is used , we need to add FX/currency provisions . ( b ) ENA has a 10/1/94 master and CIBC is designated as multibranch to act through offices in Toronto , Tokyo and London . The agreement was amended on 5/24/96 ( to add a collateral annex) , on 7/27/97 t(o add FX/currency option and FRABBA provisions ) and on 1/13/00 ( to amend thresholds) . ( 2 ) Deutsche Bank AG ENA is in the process of negotiating an ISDA master agreement . We are speaking with Stephen Kessler ( legal ) in New York . ENA is in the process of negotiating an ISDA master agreement . We sent a draft ISDA to Terence Zahner in New York on 10/6/99 . This was suppose to be forwarded to lawyers in Germany . We left a message for someone named Roger Ackerman in NY in March , 2000 . Please let me know if you need anything further . Sara
I think this is the internet trading ag ( CSFB) . Please prepare a file and let me know if this is the std form . SS
Samantha: this is your file , inherited from Susan Flynn . SS FYI
FYI
Looking ahead to our meeting on Tuesday , there are three Canadian Top Tens without any credit activity . Can we delete these ? Legal cannot move forward without credit's response . Thanks . Sara
Darren: Is Prime Trade for ENA or ECT Investments ? Sheila: Would you please send an email to Ted ?
Brent: this is weather ! Please call Scott . SS
Jason: did you call Per ? If not , please bring him up to date . Thanks . SS
Tana: look in lotus notes . I think you should contact Russell for Canada ( since Rod is gone) . Cyntia Pastega is the business person . SS
I just wanted to make sure this was handled . Also , we have capacity in Lotus Notes for confirm comments .
All: I am comparing this list to mine but Jill's certainly looks more comprehensive ! Jill said she may not have signed confirms , etc . but we should get copies of all live equity deals . I don't have paralegal capability for this work at the moment . Sara Julia: Could you please call me when you receive this message ?
Paul: Could you please let me know ? Sara
FYI
I'll try to call you later ( or vice-versa ) about the memo . Also , if you are willing , we'd love your participation in the credit/legal meeting . SS
FYI
FYI
Brent , FYI: I am taking my name off of this list . I am not up to date on any activity in South America . However , to the extent that you are unable to travel , I am glad to back you up . Do we need to talk about South America as I sign off ? Sara
David: I am inquiring to see if you would be available for a short conference call tomorrow with a few credit related items . I cannot recall the exact time difference between Houston and Geneva , but I can contact you at 9 am Houston time ( or later as you wish) . I have your phone number as 4122 3221111 . Please advise . Regards . Sara
What's the best time to call you to discuss your memo ? Also , unless I hear from you otherwise , I will plan on conferencing you into our legal/credit meeting tomorrow at 2:00 pm . I have your number as ( 281 ) 890-7122 .
Here's the name of our contact for Lotus Notes . SS
All: Here's another new transaction for me ! I'm gathering the info promised last week . Sara
Tana: Would you please handle ? Thanks . Sara
ask paralegals , the answer is yes , and there is also a special EOL format ( I believe ) Julia: don't do anything yet as I am putting together the package for this afternoon . Sara
Are you aware of this ? I don't know the relationship between these two banks and whether our 7/1/95 ISDA will be transferred to the UK bank . Let me know if you have any information . Thanks . Sara
Samantha: You're doing a great job with Lotus Notes! ! I'm impressed . Just a few thoughts about some agreements which have fallen through the cracks ( on record keeping): ( 1 ) ABN AMRO in Australia ( futures ) - Jason is working on this ( 2 ) Bank One ( give-up agreement ) - Mary is now working on this
Please speak with Tana . She will provide you with the full explanation
Susan: As a result of our last meeting , please contact the counterparties on the following agreements for status update: ( 1 ) Reliant Energy Services , Inc./ENA ( don't worry about Reliant Energy Services Canada Ltd . for now; we'll dupe ) ( 2 ) Occidental Energy Marketing , Inc . ( 3 ) MP Energy Partnership ( 4 ) Stone Container Corporation
Carol and Rod: I need to follow up on both Deutsche Bank AG and Dresdner Bank . Rod: Could you please call me tomorrow ? Carol: I'll take a look at the files and send you an email . Thanks . Sara
Dale: Per my voice mail . Sara
( 1 ) I just received my copy of the Annex to the 2000 ISDA Definitions . Have we previously distributed the "2000 ISDA Definitions" ( consolidation of the 1991 , 1998 Supp . and certain other 1998 Euro Definitions) ? ( 2 ) I have the blue file for Swiss Bank/ENE . We need to change the label in conformity with our procedures for mergers . Taffy , can you handle , please ?
Hi , Edmund ! Please identify the ENTIRE Morgan name , please . We are negotiating with several of their entities . Which type of trading ? Thanks . Sara
Mary: Would you please send me a copy of the metals confirm and the final format to which ENA agreed ? Thanks . Sara
Mary: We deleted this counterparty from the legal/credit list yesterday . Since commercial is not pushing , we determined that it would be imprudent to hire outside counsel at this time . Sara
Per my earlier email and the one below , could you please let us know about the 2000 Defintions ? Thanks . Sara
FYI
Carol: Peter del Vecchio is looking for Canadian counsel in connection with a paper acquisition and inquired about Stikeman . Have you worked with any of their lawyers ( perhaps on the Canadian cash collateralization issue) ?
Can you please print the attached and next message with the correct margins and then label a manila file as "Accounting: Issue Nos 96-13 , 00-19 and
Would you please generate a fresh ENE guaranty and email to the lawyer ( see Lotus Notes - Emma Nakakuki is the new attorney) . Also , please verify with credit ( Rod Nelson in London ) that the guaranty cap has not changed . I have the file in my office . Thanks . SS
Please print the email and attachment ( click "view") . I need to learn how to handle margins when printing . Thanks . Sara
Please enter into Lotus Notes so that we can track .
Peter: check with Shari Stack . Sara
Let's talk . Sara
I received a call again from Gary Ordway . Who will be preparing credit ? Gary asked that his credit person be copied and his name is John Fryer . Thanks . Sara
Bob: I am having a stack of materials relating to Enron Corp . equity trading sent to your attention via Federal Express on Monday . DO NOT READ ANYTHING YOU RECEIVE . Rex , Jim and I have been discussing the variety of Enron Corp . equity derivatives on ENE stock , the latest accounting issuances , ENE Board resolutions , confirmation templates and the like . Rex should be contacting you shortly to schedule a conference call . The package of materials MIGHT be useful when we discuss the foregoing issues ( or , it might be totally useless!) . Hope you have a great weekend . Regards . Sara
Have you had a chance to review Dale's product description ? Please let's discuss . Sara
Ben Bedell , the lawyer for BT , has called to about the calculations I forwarded to you on Wednesday . Are we agreed ? Please let me know asap . I know that the parties wanted to close today . Sara
Hi , Clem ! Please see below message from Sheila Glover . I believe that in the past ENE has only issued a guaranty to Paribas , ED&F Mann and Bank One in connection with ENA's futures/special margin arrangements . I'll be speaking with Paul Radous in credit . Do you see any issues here ? Sara
Is the question for online and offline products ( to the extent that we gear up for metals online) ?
Tana: per my voice mail re: EOL .
The ETA provides that a master agreement will control ( over GTC's ) if a master agreement has been executed by the parties . Sara
Elizabeth: You can remove my name ( and Kaye Ellis's name ) from the list . Brent Hendry will handle Latin America financial trading for now . Thanks . Sara
Mary: Just a reminder . Tana is not in charge of form changes; Susan Bailey handles that function . Tana's primary role is "special projects" but she is helping Susan and Samantha with daily matters until Stephanie begins work and has some experience . Sara
Attached is the latest listing . Please send comments and corrections .
Laurel: I need to verify the Enron party ( specifically) . I am reviewing the format . Thanks . Sara
Rod: FYI , Paul's doing bond swap with UBS . Does credit have any issues ? I am verifying the Enron party ( since I am not familiar with the ECT Investment Trust) . Please advise . Sara
Bob: Did you ever speak with Justin Boyd in our London office ( as suggested by Paul Simons ) about the MG traders or what Justin can tell us about the acquisition ? Sara
Pizzolato ( a director in the debt portfolio group )
Edmund: could you please identify the Morgan entity you are referencing ? Sara
I don't know anything about this . Sara
Paul: Jason sent the following issues to me but Nos . 1,2 and 4 impact credit . Please call me to discuss . Sara
Hi , Jason ! Please send me your phone and fax . Do you still have voice mail over here ? Regarding your message , I have asked Paul to consider items 1,2 and 4 since each bears upon credit . I'll get back to you . On a different note , how would you like some more work ? Call when you're free . Sara
Ted: I never received the updated list mentioned in our Monday meeting . Could you please email one to me ? Thanks . Sara
Mark: Russell Diamond in credit said that you took a call from the WPS lawyer about 10 days ago . You entered the call into Lotus Notes . ( 1 ) What was the conversation about ? ( 2 ) Did you assign this file to anyone ? Thanks . Sara
Carol: Hope all is well . We are missing you every day . ( 1 ) On a "swap" related note , we have a Canadian party requesting the ability to post cash collateral to ENA . Can you recall where we left off on the issue ? I seem to remember conflicting advice ( Peter's insistence upon the Stikeman memo and ENA simply not agreeing to accept cash ) and uncertainty as to how ENA could perfect its interest and what law governs ( in cash held in a U.S . account) . ( 2 ) On a "credit" related note , I was forwarded the 7/24/00 Margin Exception Report ( originally sent to your attention) . What were you doing to follow up on this report ? Yesterday , Mary gave me a copy of a "collateral letter" being sent by Molly Harris . Did you speak with Mary about working on this project in your absence ? Edward Ondarza is moving to EBS . Stephanie Panus starts on Monday . That's all the news for now . Talk to you soon . Sara P.S . Can you send photos over the net ?
Clint: after the meeting , Jim advised me that the ENE board resolution will be drafted for the Oct . meeting . In the interim , he is convinced that only Enron Corp . should be a swap party to these equity swaps , forwards , etc . I am going to speak with Rod Nelson ( credit ) and make some changes to our approach . This should also make life easier negotiating with Lehman and Bear ( from a credit perspecttive ) but we'll reach an obvious stalemate when they ask for an Enron Corp . resolution ( forthcoming after the relevant board meeting . Sara
Mary: Please let me know what happens . All calculations should be made as of a specific date . Sara
Cathy and I left a message for Per since he originates hedge funds . SS
Ken: In connection with our new product ( and absence of any physical activity in that product) , I have the following question: If neither ENA nor its counterparty is able to qualify as an offeree for purposes of the Trade Option Exemption ( 17 CFR Sec . 32.13 , as amended ) but each is an eligible swap participant ( or better yet , each party has $10 million in net worth as per Sec . 32.13 ) can the option still be exempt from CFTC regulation under the Swap Policy Statement or any CFTC interpretive letters ? I have concerns about not relying fully on the Trade Option Exemption but I also understood that the CFTC has informally said that the Swap Policy Statement provides a safe harbor for both swaps and options . I am available to speak at your convenience . Thanks . Sara [713/853-5620]
Attached are sample templates for ISDA confirms which you requested . The swap ( first template ) includes sample NG Floating Price language . Sara
I will need to be at my home today and tomorrow at 4 pm for repair estimates . I will coordinate my schedule with Kaye . Sara
Mark: Do we have any special considerations/expertise with respect to the evaluation of "internet trading platform" agreements ? I am starting to see more of these from Gary's group . Please let me know . Currently , I have Jason evaluating two of these . Sara
Mary: I hear through the grapevine that we may be trading through Bank One . In any event , we need to add all of the executed agreements to the Lotus Notes database . Samantha should be able to handle this for you since she maintains and updates the brokerage reports and keeps the files near her desk . Thanks . Sara
Edmund: Did you draft the DTD language ? I have questions . Also , I wouldkindly appreciate your response on Morgan Stanley . Thanks . Sara
The attached confirm is a swap . There is no need for a rep in the confirm . If a weather deal is structured as an option , Gordon Heaney ( backed by Diane Anderson ) who confirms weather transactions , adds the weather-specific Trade Option rep into the confirmation . The desk uses a template for options . Let me know if you have any other questions . Sara
I don't have a 7/28/00 email from you . What do you need ? SS Yes , please . Sara
Who will be handling P&G this 'go-round ? Sara
Susan: I need to see if we ever incorporated any P&G comments into any prior draft . Then we should redraft a new master ( but let's speak with Ed first) . Thanks . Sara
Edmund: Attached is a slightly different version of DTD Brent which I havedrafted . I would like to discuss . Please let me know when you can talk . Sara
You bet ! It's me . I've been at Enron since mid-1994 . Sara
The London office is forwarding recent legal advice from our lawyers in South Africa regarding FX clearances . It seems that prior to transacting with a South African party , we need copies of the party's "certification" from the National Bank allowing the party to make payments out of the country ( thereby converting local currency to USD) . Such approvals are severely restricted . I will forward the memos to Susan Bailey for inclusion in our "database" of global advice . Sara
Sheila: I just received the package from Simmons . Will you please send your request to the usual suspects ? Thanks . Sam: Will you please track this agreement on Lotus Notes ? Thanks .
Yes . Sara P.S . Can you call me and let me know what products you are looking to trade online .
Kevin: Attached is a draft form of confirm . There are many details to be completed but this is a start . Sara
I hope this is really for you ! Sara
. ..and here's the rest.. . Could you please handle ?
John: Did you speak with John Nicholson ? I need his phone number please . Call me . Sara
Ken: Where can I find the CFTC's statement that the swap policy statement is not available for agricultural trade options ? We are in a "holding pattern" for the time being . No products have been developed . Thanks . Sara
ENA is waiting for a blackline from Harvard's outside lawyer which should incorporate all previous discussions . Until that time , we cannot be certain that Harvard has incorporated all of our comments and concessions . Sara Per: Do you want to have a conference call with all of us ?
Mary: Mieco is one of Carol's "Top Tens" . Would you please take this one ? Ed Sacks will be calling you shortly . Thanks . Sara
Friday is best for me . I think you should have John S . available . I'll make sure that Jason is available by phone . SS
Tina: Per my voice mail , please provide me with a copy of the confirm of the referenced transaction booked by J . Aron in the name of ENA rather than Enron Corp. , expiring 12/08/00 , settling 12/11/00 ( collar , Strike 1.55) . Who is monitoring ? ENA ( and Enron Corp. ) are being asked to execute this novation . Thanks . Sara
Libby Rutherford - legal Irene Yates - tax
FYI - is Tina right ?
Brent: In connection with the "research memoranda" which I gave to you , the specific issue about whether ENA can hold cash collateral posted by a Canadian party has arisen in connection with a company named J.D . Irving , Limited . ENA legal has spoken with Peter Keohane , two Canadian law firms and one US law firm , and previously concluded that it was easier to simply not accept cash . Please see what you can do ! Thanks . Sara
I don't know this S&C lawyer !
Brent and Ed: I'd like to take this opportunity to introduce you both to each other ( if you haven't already met!) . Ed: Brent is handling Latin America . Brent: Ed is part of our pulp & paper commercial group . Can you please respond to his inquiry ? Thanks . Sara
Kaye: Will you please print this out for me ? Thanks . Sara
FYI as we sort through this structure .
You're FAST !
Done . Thanks . Sara
Jason: Two more electronic agreements . Samantha: Please enter into database .
Justin/Paul: The Houston contingent of EnronCredit.com Limited has a number of agreements which they would like to have executed . All ENA/Enron Corp . affiliate brokerage/futures agreements are signed by the Enron trading party TOGETHER WITH Ted Murphy ( for control purposes) . I am currently reviewing about 4-6 of these agreements . How should we handle review of the referenced agreements originating from Houston ? Shall I continue to review ? Do you have trading resoutions/authorized trader lists in place for EnronCredit.com Limited ? I look forward to hearing from you . Sara
Sheila: Mike Fowler is involved in this effort . He tells me that the entity is "EnronCredit.com Limited" . Is this info correct ? Sara
Mary: After our last credit meeting , Russell's idea of "following up" on this counterparty was to assign it to Ed Sacks ! Can you please work with Ed ? This is one of Carol's files . Once negotiated , it will serve as the basis for Reliant Energy Services Canada Ltd . Thanks . Sara
please print on legal
Kaye: Please remind me on Monday of this "delivery" . Thanks . Hope you had a great weekend . Sara
Mark: I am totally confused . WHO is addressing CFTC issues for MG London , Inc. ? What is Alan's involvement ? SS
Good morning David ! Just hoping that you could have the confirm sent this morning . I need to review with the commercial guys . Thanks . Sara
Edmund: Did you ever have a chance to run my language by your trader ? Sara
Molly: I left you a voice mail this morning about Citibank . The file reflects that you received correspondence from Citibank on 2/22/00 and Carol St . Clair had propsed revisions to the existing 1/9/96 ISDA Master Agreement ( including changes to the CSA) . Have you agreed to those changes ? The Australia office is inquiring about the status of this Master Agreement . Thanks . Sara
I am not aware of the nuances of copper trading ! However , I left a message earlier this morning to find out from the MG lawyer . I haven't heard back . The deal ticket should provide for the premium payment date and , if not , I would use our standard language . Sara
here it is
Molly: I'll send to you the latest draft . Shane is looking to do a rate swap and that is fine without FX amendments ! But , shouldn't we verify whether our business will include FX ( or did you already confirm) ? Thanks . Sara
All: I am trying to determine what issues are currently being addressed with respect to MG London , Inc . from a U.S . regulatory perspective and WHO is addressing them . My concern arises from questions I am being asked by Gary Hickerson's group regarding FX trading AND ( agricultural ) trading where the existence of an Enron FCM or CTA could become significant . I will try to have a short call arranged so that we can all understand the planned course of action , etc . I realize that other individuals may be involved and we can include them as necessary . Thanks . Sara
David: I'm just reviewing your fax and although your recap of the floating rate calculation was correct on the phone , there is no language in the confirm . Were you going to respond to this as well ? ( interest rate to apply to reduced notional , etc. )
All: ( 1 ) Please provide the name of the Enron party to this agreement . If it is the London credit group , we need to verify authority to execute . I never heard back from Paul Simons . ( 2 ) What is the priority ? I think we are waiting to hear back from Mike because we have had a conversation with the BuySideDirect people and can give an additional explanation . Sara
All: Attached are the following docs: ( 1 ) Talon I LLC/Harrier I LLC equity swap confirm ( 2 ) Harrier I LLC/EBS Investments , L.L.C . equity swap confirm ( 3 ) revised ISDA Master Agreement Schedule for Harrier I LLC and EBS Investments , L.L.C . Please review and provide me with your comments . I do not have all necessary address and account information . The swaps are subject to the ISDA 1996 Equity Derivatives Definitions . Section 7.4 ( of those Definitions ) contains the payment obligations and provides that the Equity Amount Payer pays a positive Equity Amount and "the other party" pays the absolute value of a negative Equity Amount . Also , I believe that Accounting Issue 00-19 is inapplicable to this Total Return Swap or else we may have issues with the "Extraordinary Events" elections . Sara
Kaye: Please print out the 3 docs for me . Thanks . SS
Brent is looking into this issue .
what tab ?
Mark: I scheduled a meeting with you at 4:30 pm today to discuss the MG acquisition , in particular , MG London , Inc . ( a U.S REGULATED NYMEX clearing member , FCM , CTA) . NO ONE is looking into this from a US regulatory/legal perspective and I think it should be the swap group . Enron's "regulated" product areas are metals ( since MG clears its own trades on the NYMEX/COMEX and has FCM/CTA status ) and potentially agriculture if we ( some Enron entity ) choose to become a regulated "ATOM" ( ag trade option merchant) . From a legal perspective , I think we should have a "whitepaper" drafted by Sullivan & Cromwell , and , it should include an analysis of the MG London , Inc . existing situation . This would tie into the ag regulation . Also , have you thought about ENA and MG as NYMEX members and whether we keep both designations , whether we move all/part of ENA's existing clearing business to MG ( and perhaps eliminate the need for margin/brokering arrangements such as Paribas , etc. ) and any other related issues ? For efficiency purposes , Donna Lowry has asked to join us . Donna and I had a conference call this morning with Justin , Paul , Jon Barrett , Sheila Glover and Trena McFarland to figure out who's on first ( with MG) . Also , I am attaching an update of my workload . I have reached the breaking point and I need more help ( even with Jason's help on brokerage agreements the new electronic trading platform agreements are reaching multiple proportions with a new request for agreements for ENA , ECT Investments and EnronCredit.com London) . Gareth and Craig Clark want to meet today about the prepay ( Delta/Citibank ) and I REALLY need help on the Global Finance side . See you later . Sara
FYI
The interest component was eliminated from the terms of this Transaction ( as was the switch from a price return swap to a total return swap and the name change) . It seems that Ben and Scott S . had a subsequent conversation ( after ours ) and the agreed changes were communicated to me . SS
I need someone assigned to assist in amending this agreement . Most of the work is done . Please let me know ASAP .
Jason: Before we designate specific individuals , let's think this through . A "generic" address may be more appropriate . Which agreement did we recently sign with reference to the "Documentation Desk" ? Sara
FYI
Sam: Please get on my calendar for Friday . We need to update agreements , status , etc . Also , we need to add a "Futures Agreement" designation to Lotus Notes . Please bring your latest printouts for existing agreements and provide a copy for me . Let's take about an hour . Thanks . Sara ps Also , if you have any questions about masters , etc. , bring them along !
pls print docs
You already knew this was ok with me I hope .
Shane: Here's the scoop ( 1 ) ENA has an existing ISDA Master Agreement with Citibank N.A. . dated as of November 17 , 1992 . The Master is not restricted to any particular type of transaction but it clearly anticipates commodity and rate swaps . ENA is the Calculation Agent . Also , only commodity transactions are netted . ( 2 ) Citibank proposed an amendment to this Master in February , 2000 . The amendment was primarily to amend the collateral annex to INCREASE the collateral threshold to USD 30 million for BBB ( and above ) rated entities . It also states Citibank to be "multibranch" with NY and London offices acting under the Master . Apparently , the proposed FX language to be added to the Master was dropped ( I think in the interest of time) . Mollie Harris in credit is trying to have Citibank sign the amendment . ( 3 ) ABN Amro is in my office ready for signature . I will have it executed and email you when done . Samantha Boyd ( Ext.39188 ) will help me with the followup . Please let me know if you have any questions .
Kaye: Please schedule Sam for an hour on Friday . Also , when avoidable , I'd prefer not to meet at 1 pm because people are always late . Thanks . sara
All: I have once again revised the confirm for the EBS Raptor deal . There will be only one swap transaction: Harrier I LLC/Talon I LLC . Please note the following changes: ( 1 ) the Initial Equity Notional Amount has been corrected ( 2 ) I have expanded the definition of Cash Dividends ( 3 ) I have ADDED a provison for "Payment Obligations" to avoid confusion for those of you unfamiliar with the 1996 Equity Definitions . Since I have removed the interest payment feature , the only payments changing hands will be upside/dividends and downside . The "Equity Amount Payer" pays the upside ( difference between Initial Price ( on the relevant Valuation Date ) and Final Price ) and dividends; the other party pays the downside . ( 4 ) I have retained the concept of multiple optional termination dates . ( 5 ) Kevin: I NEED the Harrier account/notice information . This confirm should serve as a template for additional Raptor equity share swaps so please review and comment . Thanks . Sara
Darren: Laurel mentioned that you were interested in existing/pending brokerage/futures agreements . Attached are our most recent matrices by Enron company . ALL of these agreements are negotiated by legal and must be executed by the business unit ( VP or higher ) and Ted Murphy . Sheila Glover always sends a request and explanation for new account to legal , compliance and Ted Murphy . Legal keeps a comprehensive listing by Enron company in an effort to avoid confusion . Legal updates authorized trader lists and trading resolutions . Let me know if you have any questions . Sara
I am receiving calls from Gina Karathanos in Global Finance about this deal . She's inquiring about preparation of certificates , authorizations and signers . Susan , please coordinate with Mary on that end ( I presume we follow the same format as Carol) . As far as I know , closing is scheduled for Aug . 24 . Apparently , lots of ENE officers will be out of town next week . Do we know who will sign for ENA ? Thanks . SS
Will focus later today . How are we handling ABN Amro ? I want to have executed . Were you going to revise the notice page and add the location on the trading floor in the other agreement ( ?) . Please talk to Sam . The docs are in my office . I have meetings all afternoon . Thanks . Sara
Kaye: re: my vm about John Stoner in California , BEWARE as I may have this meeting ( which is more important)!!!!!!!!!! ! Maybe Stoner can be at the end of the day here .
Is John also responsible for brokerage/futures ? Will he run through Ted ? Will we keep copies ?
Sami: Congratulations!!!!!!! ! She's adorable . Sara
Further to Mary's memo of 8/18/00 , I would like to add the following comments: ( 1 ) I initially drafted the share swap confirm as a PRICE RETURN swap . Scott then requested a TOTAL RETURN swap ( ie , dividends included) . I met with accounting this morning and ( Ryan believes that ) the swap is price return only: the asset holder is only swapping price exposure and the business unit should recognize the immediate dividend benefit to its asset . PLEASE VERIFY WHETHER THE SHARE SWAPS ARE PRICE RETURN OR TOTAL RETURN ( 2 ) With respect to the right of "multiple optional partial swap terminations" , please verify that: ( a ) the business unit has the right to request that Harrier partially terminate the swap prior to the scheduled termination , any number of times , without restriction as to frequency , minimum or maximum number of shares , or any other limitation , irrespective of whether the asset owner actually sells the underlying shares . How is this right of termination ( and the multiple requests ) to be documented ? ( b ) the "Initial Price" of the shares on the Effective Date of the swap WILL ALWAYS BE USED to calculate the gain or loss ( vs . using the share price on the date of each partial termination )
Mark: ( 1 ) Did you consider my voice mail about updating authorized trader lists and resolutions ( by Samantha or Tana) ? ( 2 ) Have you thought about electronic notice provisions ? Shouldn't default/termination notices be in writing to the appropriate counsel/Corp . secretary ? And , can we agree to "electronic notices" at all ? There is no electronic address for a Documentation Desk or Assistant General Counsel . I am seeing this type of provision in electronic trading agreements . Thanks . Sara
Tana: Have you responded to either Greg or Molly ? Please call . Sara
Mark: Do you want to speak with the Bank of Montreal about an ISDA with Japan ? Darren has been sending calls to me re: ISDA's and brokerage agreements for our Japanese affiliate . Sara
Re: Bank of Montreal and ENA , have we terminated the CES agreement ( and has credit agreed) ? I don't know how Susan F . "inactivated" the CES ISDA with BOM , We are in the process of negotiating with BOM in connection with our Japanese affiliate . Sara
How are we handling the "dual agreement" situation ? Have we spoken with credit ?
I returned your call about 10 minutes ago . Sara
Mike: We have sent our comments . We do not need anything from you yet . Thanks . Sara
Tana: I don't know who Brad Diebner is . However , Greg called me . What Greg really needs is the ENA "form" of ISDA Schedule ( with the utility election) . He will also need a "generic" Paragraph 13 . The boilerplate can be mailed . Before you send , I need to chat with Mark and I'll let you know more later today . Thanks . Sara
Jason: I left a vm for Clement . Keep your fingers crossed . SS
Here they are .
All: Please review for content . This deal has been recast as a "Price Return Swap" and I hope it is self-explanatory ( i.e. , you won't have to drag out the 1996 Equity Definitions) . I will forward a draft letter shortly .
FYI
The swap group has a meeting every other Tuesday , including Aug . 22 . Either Mary or I will try to attend .
All: During the fourth quarter , 2000 , MLB intends to transfer all FX business to MLIB Ltd . ENA and Enron Corp . have been asked to agree to this transfer with the result that any executed master agreement with MLB will be transferred to MLIB Ltd as principal . ENA has an ISDA Master Agreement dated effective 7/1/95; I cannot locate a master between Enron Corp . and MLB . Will someone in credit approve this transfer ? Please let Stephanie Panus ( X53249) , our newest paralegal , know . Thanks . Sara
for "Cash Settlement Amount": If for any Determination Period , the Floating Price is less than or equal to the Strike Price , an amount equal to the product of ( i ) the Notional Quantity per Determination Period multiplied by ( ii ) the excess of the Strike Price over the Floating Price , which amount shall be due and payable by the Seller on the applicable Payment Date for such Determination Period . P.S . Melissa: In the future , send me the deal ticket for review .
I just received this from Stoner . Tanya: I haven't reviewed this agreement , but my guess is that it may change some of the additional definitions contained in our March draft . Sara
Please remember that MELISSA MURPHY ( X31886 ) handles ALL financial power confirmations . Any financial power confirm questions should be directed to Melissa . Joe Hunter's group does NOT prepare financial power confirms except in extrememly limited cases ( i.e. , NYMEX based trades) . If you have any questions , please call . Thanks . Sara
Brent: Just a reminder , we track all trading agreements in our Lotus Notes database ( you can enter negotiating issues , etc.) . Samantha oversees this part of the database , updates Ted Murphy and has the agreements executed and filed . All trading agreements are signed by Ted and the business unit VP . Please keep Samanthat in the loop . Thanks . Sara
Why don't we talk about this . I have initiated Samantha as the trading agreement guru . That's why she needs to be in the loop on all of these agreements ( amendments included) . Let's distinguish margin lines from trading agreements ( although the margin line concept obviously includes a futures or other arrangement ) I maintain a list ( "in the pipeline" ) which I circulate to the Hickerson desk since that desk opens the greatest number of trading agreements . Sara
I'm glad you're checking up . The copy of the confirm that I have HAS NO COMMENTS . I have no name either . What are the issues ? Sara
Susan: Would you please send a copy of the referenced agreement to Ellen Su ( 30th floor - Gary's group) . Thanks . Sara
Carson: What a miserable "friend" I am ! I would love to meet you and Donna anytime at all . Please let me know . I have been running around like crazy . We are understaffed and I work too hard . Also , I had to take a week off in mid-July to rescue my mom who ended up in a hospital in Salisbury , England while attempting to attend the funeral of a cousin . Mother is fine . I ( on the other hand ) do not take a vacation until October and I hope to live . Maybe you and Donna want to come over one night and raid my wine cellar . That would be fun for a change . We could pick up food from Eatzi's or wherever . Can't wait to hear from you . Sara
Please call - X35620
Latest draft .
The business guys are: Kevin Cordesman and Andrew Conner If you email John Stoner , please cc these guys ( and me) . Thanks .
Kay: I left you a voice mail yesterday at Sheila's suggestion regarding Midwest . Greg and I discussed the use of ENA's format of ISDA documentation by Midwest and I have a couple of questions about how our docs will be used , whether Midwest will be competing with us and who will be negotiating hedge agreements on behalf of Midwest ( i.e. , will ENA swap lawyers be involved?) . Please call me so that I can comply with Greg's request. . Thanks . Sara Greg: I will have the boilerplate sent to you separately .
Stephanie: Please send the boilerplate ISDA Master Agreement and Credit Support Annex to Gregg Penman in our Chicago office . Thanks . Sara
All: Before Rod became a Brit , we were working with Enron Corp . treasury to put in place some masters in the name of ENA for the following parties: Bear , Stearns Internaitonal Limited CSFB International Lehman Brother Finance S.A . Morgan Stanley Capital Services Inc . Deutsche Bank These masters will be used to for equity deals on ENE stock . The Treasury group has concluded together with Rex Rogers and V&E , that Enron Corp . is the appropriate swap counterparty for these masters and NOT ENA . Who in credit will be available to assist me in this process ? Thanks . Sara
Call me when you have a chance
Is Mark sending you these or are you on a direct mail ?
Kristina: As you may have heard , some Raptor issues have been raised to a new level . I have waited to further revise the confirm pending the V&E response; Also V&E suggested edits on the confirm format for all Raptor deals . As you will see from Scott's memo , the unilateral right of termination is a potential issue . Sara
FYI - and I'm next door to Dan Lyons .
Melissa: Would you please sent David an example of a confirm with the GTC's ( standard Annex A) . Please cc me . Thanks . Sara
Do you know who Jane Wilhite is ?
Hey , Jen: I'm not going to email you to death like some people but I hear through the grapevine that you're having a blast and making tons of friends . I told your mom that she and I should rent a convertible , don our sunglasses and drive to Natchitoches to go shopping at the Walmart and take you to lunch . She didn't think you would like the idea too much . Hope you really are having a wonderful year , making lots of friends and stretching your brain power . Love , Sas P.S . How did you make out in your investment class ?
Da link !
Please see MAP comments at the end . My phone number is 713/853-5620 . Thanks . Sara
Please provide and notice and account information for the discussed confirmation to both Joe Hunter and Souad Mahmassani . It will be inserted into the confirm No . NQ9331.1,.2 . Thanks . Sara
Attached is my response . Sara
John: I just wanted to stay in the loop for Japan as to Gary Hickerson's FX/rate/equity counterparties . My understanding from Gary is that EGM ( through ENA ) will continue to hedge the business originating in Japan , subject to tax and any regulatory input . I don't know if this has necessitated an agency arrangement between Japan and Houston ( or another office , similar to London or Australia) . Also , for netting reasons , Japan would not duplicate existing counterparty ISDA's with ENA , and to the extent Japan is transacting with a bank having an agreement with ENA , we could amend the agreement for multibranch purposes if necessary ( e.g. , Bank of Montreal if the bank is transacting from multiple locations that need to be added to ENA's agreement) . Please advise if you have already had these discussions with Mark Taylor . I look forward to hearing from you . Sara
Robert: The executed "Representative Agreement" was executed by both ENA and Enron Australia; it was sent to David Minns via Federal Express on July 6 , 2000 . Let me know if you need anything further . Sara
can you handle ?
Mark: I would like to request a flat panel monitor to replace my current monitor . Thank you . Sara
Darren: I should have sent this message to you ! Sara
Tomorrow ! Carson is gonna call you and coordinate . Sara
Peter: I know that Gary Rosenblum is out of town until after Labor Day . Gary's voice mail directs callers to a gentleman with the last name of "McFarber" at Ext . 6128. . I left a voice mail for him this morning and have not heard back . Is there a lawyer to whom I can direct questions about your form of equity forward ? Thanks very much . Sara ( 713/853-5620 )
Stephanie: I sent you a request last week for Gregg . Could you please send Gregg the boilerplate ? Thanks . Sara
Alan: You're reading my mind . I'll ask Kaye to schedulet some time this week . Thanks . Sara
Mary: This is a paper and pulp master with some "different" provisions . I asked Susan to let you handle . The business person is Chris Croom ( X31899) . There is no "formal" credit worksheet but Tanya verified that the CP is an ESP . Sara
I am seeing more and more credit derivatives . The trades originating in Houston are coming from Jeff Kinneman's bond/debt traders but are booked in the name of ECT Investments , Inc . or ENA . I can't be certain if these are backed to EnronCredit.com Limited . In particular , there is a proposed total return bond trade with DLJ International Capital requiring ECT Investments to post collateral . We have no master with this party . Who in Houston credit is looking at credit derivatives ? FYI , other credit deals seem to be transacted wtih Deutsche Bank and UBS AG .
All: I would like to take Friday , Sept . 29 as a vacation day . Please advise if there are any conflicts . Thanks . Sara
I haven't read all of the emails , but , Mark was going to handle Hawaii . SS
My fax is 646-3490
Bill: Thanks for the info . I also spoke with Jeff about how EnronCredit.com Ltd . was going to work since Dennis O'Connell ( London lawyer ) is responsible for that group . Maybe you will be able to clarify which of Jeff's "positions" will be hedges and which will be backed to EnronCredit . Maybe Rod will be handling most of Jeff's credit . I'd appreciate an update . Sara
Lucy: Check with Kaye Ellis ( X35968 ) and get on my calendar . Sara
please print
please print item 14 only
All: Just a status update on the growing number of brokerage agreement requests , and , I will circulate an updated list shortly . On 8/8/00 , Mike requested agreements for Market Axess , LIMITrader Securities , Inc . and Trading Edge on behalf of EnronCredit.com Limited . We have sent comments to the first two . Sheila requested a Morgan Stanley agreement for EnronCredit.com Limited ( low priority) . ENA sent comments to Ing Barings ( fka Furman Selz ) some time ago and has not heard back . We were going to dupe for ECT Investments , Inc . Denis is the responsible lawyer for EnronCredit.com Limited. . If in fact these electronic agreements should be in the name of ECT Investments , Inc. , then we'll negotiate from Houston ( or divide and conquer! ) Sheila , your email of 8/18 seemed to refer to BuySideDirect's agreement with ECT Investments , Inc . ( and not the agreements requested by Mike) . Also , you should note that BuySideDirect requires use of its designated broker , Weiss , Peck & Greer ( I believe to take the other side of the trade or broker the deal with a third party)...We have received a copy of that agreement as well . My goal here is to make certain that we are all on the same page and can continue to approach these agreements in an organized manner . Please let me know your comments or questions . Thanks . Sara
please print all docs; I need a redwell . Thanks as usual . Sara and I need to print these also
please "fix" my calendar . Thanks . ss
Please call me . I'm not trying to derail the process . I have been waiting to understand the LLC intent and toward that end was advised that Kaye Mann was the lawyer to speak with . Kaye has not returned email or voice mail and I have once again requested her response . Willl you be handling credit for this LLC ? Is it in competition with ENA ? Sara
Bill: The treasury group has two deals outstanding: Bear , Stearns International Limited and CSFB International . The Bear confirm has credit . The CSFB confirm has NO credit , not even for CSFB . Does this work for credit ? Please advise . Sara
I'm free after 11 am - Sara
Please print
attached is the template
Subject to any deal changes , please review the attached format and comment . Before further distribution , I wanted to make certain that we were in agreement . SS
Bill: Thanks for your message . Here's the information you requested: ( 1 ) Merrill Lynch: 1 year deal effective 8/4/00; 1,388,110 shares at $79.125 initial price ( 2 ) CSFB International: 1 year deal effective 5/11/00; 1,761,200 shares at $76.125 initial price Jeff Nogid is familiar with these transactions . Sara
Attached are drafts of the foregoing items in connection with the equity swap . We will revise the swap again in the morning . Thanks . Sara
Attached are the latest drafts . There have been some changes to the swap and a new blackline will be circulated in the a.m . These docs relate to the EBS deal . Sara
Michael: Now that all of the immediate congratulatory calls and messages have worn down , let me ( belatedly? ) congratulate you on your wonderful promotion ! I know you'll to an outstanding job . I look forward to visiting with you soon . Sara
Mark: Congratulations ! I was delighted to hear of your promotion . I look forward to visiting if I ever make it over to London . Sara
Just let Mr . De Dalmas know that I asked someone to respond . SS
The ISDA Master does not circumscribe the trade term or trade parameters . The issue which we discussed is authority . The Merced resolution of March 16 , 1999 specifically authorizes the general manager "...to develop and provide appropriate information , and certifications for completing Master Trading ( ISDA ) Agreements with energy vendors and execute Master Trading ( ISDA ) Agreements and appropriate vendor Schedules to the ISDA Agreement for the purpose of acquiring energy and stabilizing energy costs . Such executions are subject to Counsel review of the agreement and schedules as to form." There is no specific mention of authority to enter into transactions ( by Merced's traders) . Intuitively one could draw the conclusion that the ISDA Master contemplates transactions , Merced authorized the ISDA Master and therefore Merced authorized transactions under the ISDA Master . Since Merced is a governmental entity , the safer view is that we should not assume that Merced authorized transactions . Merced probably intended to authorize transactions , and if so , should not have an issue with specifically providing a clarifying resolution . Sara
Russell: Thanks for the info . I do need to send a REMINDER to the credit group about the authority issues raised by municipals ( governmentals , cities , etc. ) entering into financial trades . Where can I obtain the most recent list of credit people ( you know how those credit people are ) who deal with financial trading ? Thanks . Sara P.S . the early production payment docs typically conveyed an undivided 90 % interest in the producer's net revenue interest in particular properties . The other 10 % was considered "excess" for purposes of you know what .
Laurel: Will John be trading in the names of BOTH ENA and ECT Investments , Inc . or only one of them ? Is John located in London temporarily ? Will Houston book the trades pursuant to the agency agreement ? ( I'm not certain which companies are covered by the agreement) . Let's discuss . Thanks . Sara
I'd like to the redraft . Sara
Check out "www.psa.com" for publications/agreements ( including repos ) which you can download from The Bond Market Assoc . website .
Should we send out a new draft without changing the guaranty language from the original draft ?
Sam: What happened to this agreement ? It's not logged in on Lotus Notes aI need to review and have executed ! Please call me . Thanks . Sara
It's on my calendar ! SS
Sam: A couple of items from the meeting for you to follow up on: ( 1 ) Call the hedge funds to track execution ( Ospraie , Tutor , Lawhill , etc. ) ( 3 ) Call Small Ventures ( 4 ) Call Texla Energy Management ( 5 ) Where do we stand on FirstEnergy ? Please be sure that the legal/credit meeting is on your calendar . Thanks . Sara
Michael just delivered SITA's comments to me . I'll have a copy prepared for everyone . Tanya: I'll try to call you today ( Michael wants to discuss now!?!?!?!?) . Stephanie: I'm asking you to handle ( this was one of Susan Flynn's deals) . Thanks . Sara
please print
The Merced Board resolution is unclear . You should add a rep that the Merced Irrigation District has the authority to enter into the deal . Sara
Melissa: Did you ever send this to David per my email ?
Bernardo is inquiring about this master . There is nothing current in Lotus Notes . Paul , I think we spoke about this but I can't recall . Sara
Welcome back ! Please follow up with Florida P&L and DLJIC . Please send the marked Guaranty to Harvard . I do not need to see Clem's comments . Let's schedule a call about BuySideDirect . Thanks . Sara
Tanya and I have scheduled a meeting in my office to discuss SITA at 9:00 am Friday morning . Please join us for a lively discussion if your schedule permits . Sara
Attached are the clean and redline versions for the swap . The changes are in the "Valuation Date" section . This is a final edit . Please call if you have any questions . Thanks . Sara
Tana: Can you make a copy of the most recent draft and get on my calendar before Monday so that we can discuss . Thanks . Sara
( 1 ) Will the ISDA be negotiated prior to execution of your trade ? ( 2 ) Are the trade terms correct ? You did not send me a deal ticket . Who is the trader ? Who will be responsible for payments under the swap ( i.e. , will it be you) ? ( 3 ) What happened to comments on the Schedule ? ( 4 ) Who is reviewing the Schedule from a credit perspective ? Could you please refax my comments to your Schedule ? I have misplaced my version . Thanks . Sara
I would like 4 . Thanks . Sara
Have you followed up on this ? Tana will bring you the file . Please ask me any questions . Sara
Please print checklist , Trust and the email itself . 2d message to follow
I think this is identical . Also print Bali trust
The following Enron companies have recently booked financial trades with ENA . I think these should be booked directly with RMT . Please advise . Enron Netherlands Holding BV Enron Development Funding Ltd . EnronCredit.com Limited Thanks for your help . Sara
MG Ltd . is entering into FX transactions through ENA . The companies have also entered into financial copper trades ( first trade 6/16/00) . I think RMT and MG Ltd . should enter into an ISDA Master but I don't know the long term plan for MG Ltd . Please confirm . Sara P.S . Have we assigned a single paralegal to handle RMT Masters ?
Julia: Attached are the clean and redline versions , respectively . Please execute ASAP and send executed copy to Kristina . Thanks . Sara
Attached are clean and redline versions of the latest markup . THIS REDRAFT IS BASED UPON COMMENTS RECEIVED TODAY FROM MARTHA PHILLIPS STUART WITH KIRKLAND & ELLIS . Ms . Stuart has received but has not reviewed the redraft . We expect to speak with her tomorrow . Julia Chin is the "point person" for contacting Ms . Stuart . Thanks . Sara
DOES THIS INSTALL PRESENT ANY TAX ISSUES ? HELP ! Sara
Here's Trading Edge ( the comments are from an internal Enron group) . This is a high priority . I'll review over the weekend and let's talk on Monday . Sara
Steven: I am trying to finalize this master during Carol St . Clair's absence . I have a few questions prior to our comments . They are: ( 1 ) Have you already commented on the new form of Letter of Credit Provisions which Carol sent to you ? This is referred to as Exhibit A to Paragraph 13 of Annex A . I did not see your response . ( 2 ) Have you reviewed the latest Letter of Credit format ? I did not see your response . ( 3 ) What is the genesis of Part 5 , Section 18 of your redline . I know that DB acquired Bankers Trust , but did Carol ever review this provision ? Have both parties agreed as to existing transactions ? Please let me hear from you . Thanks . Sara
John: I hear that you are trying to trade in the name of Enron North America Corp . while you sit in London . Althought both ECT Investments , Inc . and Enron North America Corp . have agreements with Instinet Corporation , those companies are all U.S . companies without any presence in the U.K . ( those companies do not pay U.K . taxes! ) I have asked the ENA tax lawyers to review the implications of your proposed activity . I will try to speak with you Monday before things go too far . Please provide an immediate response and copy the tax lawyers noted above . Thanks . Sara
Mark: I left you a voice mail last week about the comments from IT about the "Enron Corp . mandate" from Jim Derrick regarding negotiation of these agreements . Have you a solution ? Sara
do you want to handle ? Sara
Susan: Thanks for getting my paper over the weekend . I received more comments from the Credit Agricole Indosuez lawyers ( outside) . They are asking for the ENE guaranty . I have the file in my
Sam: Could you please call these guys this morning and offer to fax the name change doc ? Please let me know when this is done . This is a HIGH PRIORITY . Thanks . Sara
Sheila: Ted Murphy and Bill Bradford should receive a request for this agreement . Sam: ECT Investments already has an agreement with Merrill Lynch . Let's take a look at it and review the format and our clearing brokers . Sara
Here's your answer . We need to put an IMMEDIATE halt to the booking of EnronCredit.com Limited trades with ENA ( as well as the others) . Sara P.S . Lynn: Is there someone we need to notify with Enron Development or Enron Netherlands ?
Sharon: Thanks for your fax and markup of the Schedule dated Sept . 6 . There is a major issue which we need to discuss and that is the counterparty identity itself . It appears that you have identified a DIFFERENT party to the agreement , namely , a limited liability company named "SITA" , which is not the entity which we originally proposed, . This does not appear to be the credit which we evaluated . Also , we insist upon a Credit Support Annex . As you know , the agreement contemplates multiple transactions and the posting of collateral is a major issue , particularly for long-dated pulp deals . Can you call me tomorrow ? We need to address the major issues upfront . You can reach me at 713-853-5620 . Thank you . Sara
Are you still working every other day ? Please see my SITA message to Sharon Lewis and let me know the most efficient way of proceeding . Thanks . Sara
Laurel: Samantha is going to contact Merrill by phone and let them know of the preexisting ECT Investments agreement so that Merrill can duplicate for ENA . Sara
Brent: Per my voice mail . I thought it made sense for you to review . Thanks . Sara
Laurel: Will you please contact Treasury per Lynn's email below ? Thanks . Sara
yes , thanks . Sara
Julia: I will review . Sara
FYI FYI - also , as I mentioned , Janine should have her conclusions Tuesday . Sara
Bill: I couldn't recall if I mentioned the above entity ( 35% Enron owned and 65% Burlington owned , I understand ) but I was contacted by Ranabir Dutt ( X35274 ) to review an ISDA and 10 year rate swap for Lost Creek and Barclays Bank PLC. . I told Ranabir to contact credit . He said that was Enron was immediately selling its interest . The swap becomes effective 9/15/00 .
Hey , Mary ! Can we meet early tomorrow morning ? Sara
Sam: We do need to enter into Lotus Notes . I am negotiating the futures agreement now together with PrimeTrade . Thanks . Sara
Bill: I will fax to you the stair-step threshold in the DB Credit Support Annex . DB made a change and we cannot locate info in Carol St . Clair's file . Also , I am checking the guaranty and other changes marked by DB . Please note that I frequently see credit derivative deals between ECT Investments , Inc . and DB ( unclear where EnronCredit.com Limited fits into thiis Houston picture! ) where DB is requiring an ENE guaranty as well . Do we need an ISDA here ? Thanks . Sara
I have a copy AND Taffy should has a copy because she is preparing the notebooks with all of the defintions .
What does this mean ?
Bill: Thanks . When will you have some time ? Maybe tomorrow after our
Sorry , but we're swamped . I will try to get to it this week . Please send me your phone number and fax . Thanks . Sara Please respond to Matthew.Flett
Sam: Until Gary's group receives access to this part of our Lotus Notes database , we will have to rely on my "in the pipeline" list . The following agreements from that list need to be added to Lotus Notes: ( 3 ) Thomas Weisel Partners ( 5 ) LIMITrader Securities , Inc . ( 6 ) Trading Edge , Inc . My list identifies the Enron companies . Thanks . Sara
Here is the list of Houston traders . Let me know if you need anything else . Sara
Susan: Could you please answer Denis's request ? He is a lawyer in the London office . Thanks . Sara
no
ECT Investments , Inc . ( "ECTI" ) entered into a 5-YEAR credit derivative with Deutsche Bank ( "DB" ) effective 7/19/00 with a Scheduled Termination Date of 7/19/05 ( Loews Corporation is the reference credit) . DB is requiring an Enron Corp . guaranty . There is no mention of guaranty terms . [NOTE THAT IN A SIMILAR DEAL 3/13/00 BASED UPON THE REPUBLIC OF INDONESIA BETWEEN THE PARTIES , NO GUARANTY WAS REQUESTED] . Should ECTI post the guaranty ? Do we want a Master ISDA ? Please let me know . Thanks . Sara
This agreement needs to be added to Lotus Notes . It is required under the BuySideDirect agreement which is under simultaneous negotiation . Sara
Hey , Carol ! How is everyone and everything?? ? I am always being asked about you , how's the baby , etc . I hope I haven't missed your visit to the office ! I'm just working away ( next to Dan Lyons , I might add ) in my own little world . We are getting help soon and I don't know if Mark mentioned anything to you . Raptor is a "pain" and Mary has undergone trial by fire . I am counting the days until my vacation ( to Marfa and Napa ) which begins after the legal conference . Do you recall Project Marlin ? I think Lance was involved . My memory is really bad if I worked on this deal . There's nothing in Lotus Notes ( rats!) . Take care ( I'm starting to sound like David Mitchell) . Sara
Paul: Please email the confirm format . Thanks . Sara
Mark: Your name was provided to me by John Greene who is temporarily residing in Enron's U.K . office . I am a lawyer in the Enron North America Corp . legal department . I need to speak with someone regarding the London Instinet installation . Two different Enron companies ( both U.S . corporations ) already have Instinet agreements . They are Enron North America Corp . and ECT Investments , Inc . The London installation would presumably be in the name of a DIFFERENT entity . I need to understand in WHAT NAME the installation will proceed . Please help to fill in the details ASAP . My number in Houston is 713-853-5620 . I am this moment contacting David Terrace in London as I understand he handles all documentation . Thanks for your help . Sara
as promised
I will not be in the office tomorrow . Please contact me today if we need to discuss anything . Thanks . Sara
Laurel: I am requesting an Enron Corp . guaranty ( capped at US$20 million ) for ECT Investments , Inc . I think we can sign the outstanding confirmation . Sara
You were going to send me a copy of the Marlin confirm - Thanks . Sara
Paul: I have several online trading agreements to be negotiated . Are you still reviewing credit issues ? Sara
Of course I did ! Thanks . Sara
I am on vacation during the week of Oct . 9 . Sara
Tax has confirmed that the MG deals should be confirmed in the name of RMT ( and NOT ENA) . I will have an RMT/MG Ltd . ISDA master put in place . Joe: ( 1 ) Please confirm the exact name of the MG entity . ( 2 ) Please confirm that the first trade date was [6/16/00] . Susan: Please start the process for a new ISDA Master to be effective
I was in the midst of sending this
Gary: Thanks for the redraft . Would you please send the swap termination format for the Transaction so that I can review it together with the Transaction confirm ? Thanks . Sara
Tana: I just wanted to make sure that you hadn't forgotten to request the ENE guaranty on behalf of ECT Investments , Inc . in the amount of USD20 million . There is no Master yet but we are hopeful that this will be negotiated after the ENA Master . Thanks . Sara
Tana: attached are the L/C provisions for the Deutsche Bank Master . Would you please verify that the provisions are in fact our language ? Thanks . Sara
Gary: The swap format is fine EXCEPT that the Floating Rate should be "6.62625%" rather than the rounded "6.63%" . Thanks . Sara
Jean: per our conversation , attached is a draft template . Thanks . Sara
Why are you referring to "futures contracts" for the equities ? I thought that the only futures were equity index contracts .
Hi , Susan ! I work with the FX/rate desk and Darren Delage is currently residing in Tokyo and trading . I have a conversation this evening with Alan Aronowitz , John Viverito and Darren to discuss Japan issues . At the moment , Darren has exeacuted several trades . These are being documented in Houston AS ENRON NORTH AMERICA CORP . trades . I had assumed that all trades would be done in the name of the Japanese financial trading entity; I have no idea who is handling back office functions . Can you update me ? Thanks . Sara P.S . We MUST confirm all trades .
Bob: Don't forget ! I have several confirms with power counterparties that I need you to negotiate . Thanks . Sara
Bill: I am resending my earlier message which identifies the correct legal entities with which Enron Corp . would like to execute ISDA Master Agreements ( for the purpose of entering into equity trades) . In addition to the entities listed below , we need to include "Merrill Lynch International" ( "MLI") . ENA just negotiated an agreement with MLI , so the Enron Corp . master should be fairly simple . Also , Clint and Jeff are interested in transacting with Toronto Dominion Bank . In that regard I note that Enron has an Interest Rate and Currency Agreement with Toronto Dominion Bank , New York Branch . I'll review this agreement to see if it requires amendment . Jeff/Clint: Do want to deal with a specific Toronto Dominion branch ? All: I will expect that Bill will provide credit worksheets and I'll either begin the ISDA process or change "ENA" to Enron Corp . on those agreements which have previously been sent . Thanks . Let me know if you have any questions . Sara
Please print the original message and all of the attachments . Thanks . SS
Jason: All I could find was a message from "Aaron" ( in JUNE , 2000! ) and the number was 212-409-0812 . The only phone number that Sheila's group has is for Erin of Lou DeSimone , both of whom are printed on the fax cover sheet which I believe you have . Just keep a record of who you contact . Thanks . Sara
Tana: Can Jason gain access to the database for the purpose of entering/reviewing comments ? Sara
Sheila: This party has rejected absolutely all of our comments . We were only told of this the other day when we called to inquire . Can you contact someone on the commercial side for help ? Sara
I would prefer to attach a "delivery schedule" and should have details shortly . Thanks . Sara
For purposes of Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex , the term "Valuation Date" shall mean any Friday during the Term of this Transaction or the following Business Day if such day is not a Business Day .
Attached are the three draft confirms: Please let me know if we can send . Sara
are you handling ?
yes , you can call Laurel for details .
please print the xcel document . SS
please print the doc . SS
Bob: attached is Melissa's update . She cannot meet this afternoon but we can grab her in the morning . Are you flexible in the a.m. ? SS
Laurel: Please update me on your discussion with Jean Naughton-Carr . Sara
Thanks for looking over my shoulder ! Sara
All: I met with Rodney Malcolm and Finley Biggerstaff about the two 7-year paper swaps between each of Garden State/CITI and ENA/CITI . Who will be handling credit for the new master and the transactions in general ? I am told that this is a Q3 deal . Thanks . Sara Molly: I left you a vm about prior efforts to amend the ENA/CITI master . Weren't ;you speaking wth someone at Citibank ?
I will need to leave the office at 5pm tomorrow . Sara
Matthew: We have had some internal discussions regarding the appropriate Enron party to this master and have concluded that Enron Corp . ( the parent of Enron North America Corp. ) should be your counterparty . Does this change warrent any changes with respect to your comments ? Sara
Sam: Attached is the FINAL version of the CSFB futures agreement ( by separate email I will send you the DRAFT) . I've "eyeballed" it but please verify that all changes were accepted . I'll help with the application . Let's have Gary sign in the early a.m . ( or tonignt , if possible ) because CSFB cannot open the account this evening . Also , per my vm , we need to ensure that the traders on my email to you ( from Ellen Su ) appear on the authorized traders' list . Thanks . ps: I'm not going anywhere . However , I have a 5 pm conference call on the Alberta prepay .
blackline CSFB for comparison
Tanya: Rodney and Finley are reviewing the two existing Citibank masters ( ECT/Nighthawk) . Two swaps will be documented under the ECT/Citibank maste and two under the new Garden State master ( Was Molly in the process of amending that master ? She never returned my voice mail.) . Rodney and/or Finley should call you . Sara
one for me Jeff Blumenthal - tax Steve Douglas - tax Ryan Siurek - accounting ( Global Finance )
Bill: How do you feel about the comments , per my voice mail . Sara
Bill: Here's the conference call number . THERE APPEARS TO BE A MAJOR ISSUE RE: CASH COLLATERAL ( see Item 11 under the "ISDA Schedules" section of the memo .
check out the provisions in the memo about the guaranties
here's the dial-in number if you want to call in to discuss the guaranty issues
Attached is my suggested language . The confirms already provide for Market Quotation and Second Method; the Optional Early Termination provision should be the only exception for using the Calculation Agent for termination purposes . Of course , the Calculation Agent will determine AECO prices for payment purposes , but that is not related to termination . Please call . 713-853-5620 . Sara
Rats !
please print for me
Bill: The attached memo was distributed to legal last week . We have had a number of questions arise on the power side lately regarding financial transactions ( ranging from short term to quarterly ) with governmentals . As you will see in the memo , the risks are significant . Please let me know if you have any questions . Sara
The attached swaps have been delivered together with the proposal sheets to Lisa Mellencamp .
Thanks for the catch ! Sara
Attached are revised commodity swap confirms . I didn't change the rate swap and we're still waiting for input from the bank .
see attached
John: Hi , there ! As you are aware of the structuring for tax purposes , until the U.K . corporate agent is actuallly formed , there is nothing further that I can do . That formation should happen today or tomorrow . With the actual name and agreements with ENA and ECT Investments , Inc. , I can provide that information to Instinet and the other trading platforms you are interested in transacting on . Just FYI , the Instinet people are merely waiting for the agent agreement in order to proceed . Please let me know if you have any further questions . Sara
Stephanie and Sam need NYMEX calendars
Sheila: Please send an email to Ted Murphy and Bill Bradford requesting agreements with Deutsche Bank Securities . Which Enron company(ies ) are you requesting these agreements for ? Stephanie Panus will be handling this broker . Thanks . Sara
Sheila: Please make your request to Ted Murphy and Bill Bradford about the above agreement which John has requested . Thanks . SS
no changes
pls put on my calendar
John: The "signature block" for ENA and ECT Investments , Inc . trades done through the U.K . agent actually looks different . It should read something like "Company X , as agent for ENA" , for example . Therefore , Insitnet needs to see the agency agreement between Company X and ENA ( which is in the process of being drafted) . You are correct in that the original ENA/Instinet agreement will be utilized . However , Instinet needs to review the agency arrangement before proceeding . You are also correct about the ITG agreement . In fact , ENA DOESN'T have an executed agreement with POSIT . I spoke with the POSIT lawyer several months ago and was shocked that the service would operate without anything in writing . Thanks . Sara
I hope this works - I tried to tie all to the specific confirms .
Sam: Please let me know ASAP whether Jason should be marking the Deutsche docs based on Sheila's message !
Mark: I know you'll eventually get to this message in the near future . Based on the VOLUME of activity , I would like to have a printer in my office if at all possible . Thanks . Sara
need to enter new transaction , contacts , etc .
All: I received another call from Gary Ordway asking for an ISDA and our GTC's . Has anyone ever done credit ? Sara
I know . You need to speak with me . Sara
Melissa: It looks like we'll need GTC's for a yet to be named FP&L counterparty to do this daily call option ( spread) . Credit ( Ed Sacks ) knows about this deal . You may want to think about the format . Have we done this before ? Did you work on the Moosehead ( Merrill Lynch ) deal ? Sara
I just received a message that the deal is in a "holding" pattern
Brent: will you please respond to Martin . Thanks . SS
Attached is a first draft of the swap for the Raptor 2 structure . Please consider the following questions and I will amend the confirmation accordingly: 1 . I have bracketed the concept of multiple notices for purposes of multiple partial terminations and therefore multiple Valuation Dates . Before we eliminate this concept , I just want to make certain that everyone is in agreement as to how this swap will terminate . [Do we want partial terminations based upon partial asset sales?] 2 . Assuming that termination occurs upon sale of 100% of the assets , I need to be sure that the word "sale" is sufficient . Should we use "financial close" or some other term of art ? I have concerns that a sale may be contingent or subject to some waiting period .
Stephanie: Are these identical to our docs ? need to check ASAP
Please let Rodney/Finley/Tanya know that Mary is assisting on the nego of the new Master . I'm here if issues arise . Also , who is minding the confirms ? They need to be revised .
ENA's master is with TD , New York Branch . Which branch are we dealing with ?
Yes , I'll be in Death Valley hoping that the weather is as gorgeous as it is today . Dinner sounds great but I can't get together until after my VACATION . So let's shoot for after October 15 . By the way , I heard that Joe Manascalco died . Also , are you still interested in the LSU mineral law institutes ? Have fun in N.O . Sara
Scott: I just wanted to let you know that I am working on a number of quarter-end deals and haven't heard from anyone today about the ESA swap for Raptor 2 . I WILL NOT BE IN THE OFFICE ON FRIDAY , SEPTEMBER 29 . However , I will identify a lawyer to assist on this transaction should the need arise . I'll be back in the office on Monday . Sara
I'm putting you on this file . Rod Nelson is credit - please add him onto Lotus Notes .
Please review the blackline . London is screaming about this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ! I'll try to schedule a conference call for Monday . Sara
Paul: per my voice mail , please let me know if you or Rod will handle . The FX traders are hollering ( on both sides of the Atlantic) . I'd like to chat on Monday , October 2 . Thanks . Sara
Madhur and Aaron: I am waiting for a response from credit . Aaron: You had me confused because you kept referring to Morgan Stanley who we are negotiating with on the equity side . Who negotiated the So , this party trades FX and credit ? Sara
John: Per our conversation , attached is the copy of the Duke confirm . The Duke trader is John Miller ( 713/260-6541) . I am told by our confirm desk that the faxing of the confirm was attempted on September 11 and every day thereafter until September 26 when the Duke fax lines were open . Upon receipt , John Miller called our confirm desk alleging that he never did the deal ( the EOL "back office user" shows that the trade WAS done) . Please let me know if you need legal assistance . Thanks . Sara
Here are the only confims that I know of .
I will take off the Monday and Tuesday PRIOR to Thanksgiving . Please advise if any problems . Sara
John: I spoke with Kevin Meredith this morning . 1 ) Trade Date was 9/11 . EOL system generated confirm 9/12 . All fax attempts failed until 9/26 when fax went through . 2 ) EOL daily volume excessively heavy ( approx . 1400 confirms per day) . Duke volume extremely heavy as well . All Duke faxing unsuccessful . 3 ) Duke called Kevin and said "haven't received any confirms since 9/14." Kevin hand faxes all confirms since 9/14 . Duke makes no mention of confirms prior to 9/14 . Confirm desk runs a "fax failed" report on 9/25 and picks up the missing confirm . 4 ) When Duke receives EOL 415670 , John Miller ( who seems to be the TRADING SUPERVISOR ) calls Kevin ( who signed confirm as agent ) several times . Miller says that he has spoken with the traders and no one did this deal . However , this deal shows up on the "back office user." Let me know if you need anything further . Kevin's number is 39555 . Sara
Fine with me . I will have to leave at 6 pm Houston . Brent Hendry ( X37124 ) will be available tomorrow if any issues arise . Of course , Tana will be here as well . SS
Kay: What is this all about ? I don't know anything about "ENOVATE" .  Is it an Enron company ? Sara .
These are for ENA/ECC deals
Joe: 2 more confirms ( appear to be mixed up between RBC and Toronto Dominion .
Final two draft confirms for RBC/ECC
Tracy's address
Don't know if I have the name spelled correctly but I received a call requesting an ISDA Master ( for Pushkar Shahi ) for trading rate/currency . Thanks . Sara
Deb: I had a great time seeing you . Hope you've recovered from the weekend and that Jennifer got back to school alright and Zachary is ready for another week . How's the house ? Maybe you've seen this message before . Love , Sas
PLEASE SEND ME YOUR PHONE NUMBER! . We need to set up a short conference call to understand the counterparty . Thanks . Sara
Bob: Can you please handle ? Thanks . Sara
Paul: Please bring this to our meeting . Stephanie: Please update for form changes .
please print all
please print all
fax: 713-646-3490
Aaron: You never told me who in London negotiated the EnronCredit.com Ltd . agreement with Morgan ! I can try to work off of that ISDA . Thanks . Sara
Greg: I spoke with Joe and he IS working on the internal rate swap with John
Kay: Attached is the email I received from Steve Curlee . Who is performing legal/credit for Enovate ? Sara
Thursday I'll be there .
All: Do you know anything about "Enovate" and whether we are preparing swap documentation for it ? Sara
Any idea what this is ?
Jason: please hold off on hedge funds for the moment . Paul may need to rethink the provisions . Sara
I spoke with Kim and she would like for Tim to explain the rationale . He is traveling today . She thinks this provision "will not hurt" to have in the agreement since Harvard does not want to change its form ! Also , why don't we say what type of entity Harvard is ? I think it are created by Mass . state law . How does it go bankrupt ?
Attached is a revision to the original swap confirmation . I have tried to incorporate all of the concepts discussed yesterday . Please send comments or call ( X35620) . I will be out of town after noon on Thursday for an offsite . Sara
Sorry , I missed your names on the original message . SS
sorry about the attachmet
Any word yet on creation of the new entity ? Sara
Steve: Just thought I'd follow up since our conversation of 9/13 to see if you have had an opportunity to redraft the ISDA Schedule and CSA , and , whether you have reviewed the guaranty which Tana Jones delivered to you shortly thereafter . Please feel free to give me a call at 713-853-5620 . I will be on vacation from Oct . 6 - Oct . 13 . I look forward to hearing from you . Sara
thanks . Can you provide me with the appropriate signature block for ENA/ECT Investments Inc . through the agent ?
Chris: What TYPE of counterparty are we dealing with here ( i.e. , corporate , municipal , individual , etc.) ? I need to understand this before I send out a form . Sara
Just so that you have a copy . Also , Steve will prepare a blackline and cc you . SS
Clem: I gave y;our phone number to Steven Kessler who is the lawyer for Deutsche Bank ( "DB" ) ( in New York) . You may recall that you and I spoke earlier about DB's insistence of NO WAITING period to call upon the guarantor ( we reduced to two days) . Please call Steve ( 212-469-8202 ) unless he calls you first . Thanks . Sara
Stephanie: Per Chris's email below , please send a draft master ( without a CSA ) for a general corporate ( and cc Chris) . Make sure we use the usual disclaimers . Thanks . ( entry in Lotus Notes also )
Bill: Sorry for the malfunction !
Stephanie: Harvard's outside counsel is in control of drafting this document . If this is finalized during my absence , I have asked that you help to provide certificates , etc . Thanks .
Just a reminder that I will be on vacation next week . I am thanking everyone in advance for your help on projects I may have been handling ( or should have been handling!) . Kaye will have phone numbers to reach me , if necessary . Sara
Jason: She did call and wanted John , you and me . I am available untill roughly 11 am when the lawyers depart for the Woodlands . She indicated that this provision was necessary if we EVER decided to net physical/financial . ( Jason: we won't agree to that now and if we ever did , I am sure we would either amend all of our masters or put a separate netting agreement in place) . She did indicate that Harvard MIGHT drop the request . I don't particularly want the provision in the agreement . My calendar is open if you want to schedule . SS
Scott: I only have comments from Ryan and Donette . Mark Spradling left me a message about five minutes ago and said that he would have comments tomorrow morning ( and to copy Shelley Barber on any drafts) . Once I receive comments , I'll prepare another draft and circulate . Sara
I will be on vacation from October 6- 13 . Also , the ENA lawyers will be Should you need assistance during my absence , please contact my assistant Kaye Ellis at Ext . 35968 who will direct you to a lawyer . Thanks . Sara
Scott: I need the Grizzly I account information . Thanks . Sara
John: Per my voice mail . you need to insure that the right people in London keep me updated on execution and delivery of the appropriate service agreements to permit the U.K . arranger to act for both ENA and ECT Investments , Inc . Also , you need to advise me of new platforms you are seeking as well as CONTACT NAMES and PHONE/FAX numbers . In that regard , ( 1 ) What is Autex ? You have never mentioned this one to me . ( 2 ) I am contacting Instinet but will need the agency agreement which was requested earlier . ( 3 ) I am reviewing ITGL/ITG Europe . ( NOTE that Posit in the U.S . has no written arrangement with us ) Thanks . Sara
All: I will be on vacation until October 16 , 2000 . Because I am handling a large number of brokerage agreements and electronic trading platforms ( for ENA and ECT Investments , Inc.) , I have asked Jason Peters with Andrews and Kurth ( 713-220-4124 ) to assist me . Some of the agreements are for John Greene who is currently in London and those agreements may reference English law and the Financial Services Acts . I have given Jason your names IN CASE he has any questions . Thanks for your help . Sara
I'd stick with Anthony . I didn't think that Prudential was one of our clearing brokers ( remember , the letter must come from our clearing broker) . Please keep Mike Fowler and Paul Radous informed . Thanks . Sara
Mark Taylor
I'll leave you a voice mail . Thanks . sara
Bill: To my knowledge , Enron Corp . has never provided a "true comfort letter" in these situations . ENE has written a vague letter of ENE's relationship to its sub . It is possible that the current ENE corporate viewpoint on providing "comfort letters" has changed . Let me know what you would like for me to do . SS
These are not all my files . Some were Carol's , Mary picked up a Yosemite and perhaps Mark handled one or two .
Tanya: I just returned from vacation . What happened with SITA ? Did we execute a transaction ( in the name of ECTRIC ) on a Deemed ISDA ( with or without credit?) . I didn't see an entry in Lotus Notes . Sara
I have not received a response from anyone . Sara
The JV between ENA ( or some Enron sub ) and Peoples Energy Corporation is called Enovate . I was on a conference call this afternoon with Greg Penman , Molly Harris , Stacy Dickson and Kay Mann . The issues is WHO will negotiate ISDA's ffor the JV ( and negotiate the basic ISDA between Peoples and the JV) . You will recall that Haedicke did not want us to negotiate on behalf fo Bridgeline . Kay is meeting with Mark in about an hour and will raise these issues . SS
Thanks !
Attached is an ENA form of confirmation for a Gas Daily swap ( documented under an executed ISDA Master Agreement) . Sara
Bill: The Enron Corp . board passed a resolution last week authorizing equity transactions on ENE stock . Clint and Jeff are anxious to proceed with the negotiation of ISDA Master Agreements with the parties we have been discussing . Please send credit to me for preparation of documentation . As always , please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks . Sara
not me
Do you have access to Lotus Notes ? Serge told us on Oct . 3 that he would have comments no later thatn the week of 10/16 and you would follow up with him . I'll try to call you when I have a free minute . Sara
Are you having second thoughts about this ?
Let's redline ( or accept ) Ryan's changes and redistribute . Thanks . Sara
Jordan: Congratulations on your promotion ! I am forwarding to ;you one of the Raptor 2 hedges which was to be finalized earlier this month . My most recent draft was dated October 5 and I never received comments until this morning ( from Ryan Siurek ) which prompted the revisions attached . Ryan is also expecting comments from Rodney Faldon . I don't know if you have been updated on the various Raptor swaps which have been created over the past few months . The attached is to hedge ESA assets . I'd be glad to give you a brief overview , as would Ryan . Thanks . Sara
John: The Duke issue has arisen once again in connection with the settlements group . Did you ever resolve the issue ? Apparently , two ( 2 ) identical trades were executed online on 9/11/00 , one at 1:14 pm and the second at 1:28 pm . Duke agrees wtih the first trade but not the second . Please bring me up to date . Thanks . Sara
Laurel: BNP Paribas is fine . Repos are on my list . Sara p.s . I had a great vacation !
FYI - I spoke with Thomas Fay in NY about setting up Instinet in London . I HAVE BOTH INSTINET FILES IN MY OFFICE . Sam , I told Thomas that we do not need copies of any agreements . You must have been looking for them while I was on vacation . Remember , broker'futures agreements are in RED files to make them visible . SS
here it is
Clem: We have gone back and forth with Serge Martin who is negotiating for Florida P&L . I think that you need to contact him and have a conversation . If you prefer to give your negotiable comments to me , I'll be glad to move forward . We are finished with the ISDA . Thanks for your help . Sara
Sam/Stephanie: Do we have an executed version for Global Contracts and our files ?
I would like to have this agreement executed during the week of Oct . 23 . Please resolve with counterparty and discuss with me .
Please fax the ORIGINAL confirm . Thanks . SS
Sorry to be so picky here , but do we also have CSFB's signature ?
Please send update back to V&E . Note room change and YOUR NAME and info . Thanks . Sara
Regarding Aneela's request for execution of an "Electronic Order Execution Agreement" , please send your usual message to Ted Murphy , Bill Bradford , etc . The agreement is drafted for execution by Enron Corp . Please identify the Enron trading signatory(ies) . Thanks . Sara
Brent: In order to track the proliferation of electronic trading agreements , licensing/software agreements and electronic platforms , we ( Sam , Stephanie and me ) have established a "process" which includes the following: 1 . sending immediate email to Ted Murphy , legal and credit ( Bradford ) from the commercial group identifying the Enron party needing the agreement , and necessity for agreement 2 . depending on the type of agreement , credit may or may not need to get involved . 3 . the paralegals enter the agreement onto Lotus Notes so that we can track the process . 4 . upon execution , a copy of the agreement is kept in a red file ( near Sam's desk) , a copy is sent to Ted Murphy , and the original is sent to global contracts . To my knowledge , we have not established a procedure for tracking passwords ( to the extent required/changed) . I understand that Jason is handling three ENA weather license agreements for you ( Risk Management Solutions,Inc. , Foresight Weather LLC and Air Worldwide Weather) . Jason has ( or will have ) access to Lotus Notes to enter his comments . Thanks . Sara
what about PrimeTrade ( which is owned by CSFB) ?
All: Attached are clean and redlined versions of the swap reflecting changes from tax . Please forward docs to other persons who need to review . Thanks . Sara
Paul: What is this deal from Russell Dyke ? I'm baffled . Sara
Susan: My fax numbers include:
Tanya: SITA wants to know what is taking so long to finalize the ISDA ! Also , I ran into Michael M . last night and he even asked ! Do you know who is handling ? Sara
I am still waiting for a copy of the services agreement and the form of signature . Instinet is proceeding but will still require this information . Thanks . Sara
Tracy: Netting ( payment or closeout ) only applies between the parties under a single master agreement . Are you asking about the right of setoff in the event of an early termination under one of the masters ?
I spoke with Steve Kessler this morning . He told me that he agreed with Carol to net commodity transactions ( which was actually more than he wanted to agree to!) . However , DB does not have the systems to net within other product groups . Sara
Mary: Attached is an early draft of notice which I had prepared for the AVICI swap . I thnk we may changed the Termination provision of the confirm shortly after this was drafted . Hope this helps . Sara
Jorge: You are trying to be too efficient ! Just kidding , because I just had a conversation wtih the U.K tax person and the following issues remain unresolved but are in the process of being addressed: 1 . credit.com payment , back-office and negotiation 2 . Enron Japan trading ( online/offline ) 3 . London online FX hedging 4 . London equity hedging Sorry I can't give you any answers right now . All of these issues are tax-driven and are being addressed . Sara
Jason: ( 1 ) You were going to verify whether or not arbitration ( for the executing brokers ) is mandatory . Have you heard anything ? ( 2 ) Did you ever speak with Mark Elliott about ITG ? Are you still having problems connecting with him ? Sara
My schedule is currently open and I will make myself available to meet with Janine . Sara
You are correct . By copy of this message , I will ask Tana to finalize . Sara
Jason: Which files have you left messages for Mark Elliott ? Have you emailed and phoned ? Are you up and running on Lotus Notes ? SS
Mark: Just in case you're curious , attached is a listing of items Jason is handling for the group . I'm trying to keep track .
All: Please let me know if something is missing from the attached list . Thanks . Sara
I received a call from John Powell reuqesting copies of the agreements for transacting on EOL ( for the legal department) . He was asking about arbitration and other items . He didn't specifically ask for GTC's so you may want to inquire . Thanks . Sara phone 281/378-1114 fax 281/378-1151
Louise: I received a call from Jeff Blumenthal ( Houston tax ) who would like to be included in the meeting . His availability is Friday only . Thanks . Sara
A document entitled "Third Party Connection: Customer Profile" showed up in my inter-office mail . What is this in relation to ? What company ? Who requested ? Why ? Thanks . Sara
Kaye: can you please print for me ? what am I doing wrong ? Sara
Have you ever heard back from Liz Fernandez or Desiree Monroe ?
Sam: Please be sure to let Russell know when Cinergy goes out today . He should have sent you the addressee . Sara
Jim: Pursuant to our recent conversation , I have attached below a DRAFT of ENA's standard ( 1 ) municipal ISDA Schedule and ( 2 ) Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex . These two documents are intended to supplement the boilerplate for the ISDA Master Agreement and the ISDA Credit Support Annex . The forms are generic , that is , they have not been tailored for use by a specific municipal counterparty; they would necessarily be the subject of specific negotiations . Energy New England's agency relationship with the various municipalities appears to cover physical trading . Notwithstanding the agency agreement , the financial trading world requires much more specificity , including but not limited to , evidence of authority to execute a master financial agreement and transactions thereunder . Additional information , including a legal opinion , is also required . I assume from our prior conversation that you already have in your possession copies of the ISDA boilerplate . Please advise otherwise . You should feel free to contact Ed Sacks with questions regarding collateral support documentation . As I mentioned , the attached Paragraph 13 has not been customized . Please feel free to call if you have any questions . Sara
Bill and Tanya: Clint would like to finalize Lehman and CSFB , in that order . We are in the midst of transferrring a swap from Merrill to Lehman . Thanks for your help . Sara
no
Further to my earlier message , Deutsche Bank is third on the list . Thanks . Sara
Hi , Thomas ! I know that you're in London and I was just checking to see if I was to have received something from your NY office for me to sign . Please let me know . Thanks . Sara
Tanya: Based upon our earlier conversation , I will begin preparing masters for the following parties with ( 1 ) no CSA , ( 2 ) bilateral cross-default at US$100 million and ( 3 ) uncapped ( or min US$100 million cap ) guaranties for counterparties required to post guaranties . The parties on Clint's list are: ( 1 ) Lehman Brothers Finance S.A . [have form of master and a form of guaranty from Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.] - Stephanie Panus ( 2 ) Credit Suisse First Boston International [no form of master] ( 3 ) Deutsche Bank [have a form of master from ENA negotiations] ( 4 ) Bear Stearns International Limited [no form of master] - Samantha Boyd ( 5 ) Morgan Stanley Capital Services Inc . [may develop form from ENA negotiations] Tanya: Please let me know if any of the foregoing require parent guaranties . Clint: Please identify the lawyer to whom I should address comments . Also , are there any others ? ENE has an agreement with Toronto Dominion , NY Branch . Samantha: Please assign Credit Suisse and Deutsche Bank and let me know who is handling .
My notes reflect that we last spoke with CSFB on 9/15/00 . I do not have a revised confirm ( much less a signed confirm ) in my files . Sara
Mark: Can I go ahead and give to Angela ? Sara
Ellen: per our earlier conversation , I have faxed comments to both companies , to the attention of their "negotiators" with whom I spoke earlier this morning . I will call in the morning to discuss and I hope we can finalize and fax signature tomorrow . Thanks . Sara
All: I spoke with Kim this morning and although she is anxious to meet everyone , we decided that it would be more productive to try to schedule a luncheon meeting to discuss current issues related to the confirmation desk . I understand that Joe Hunter , Melissa Murphy and David Dupre will be providing Kim with a list of "issues" and we have been invited to add to that list . Please send me your list of any confirmation issues that you would like raised with Kim which I will cumulate and forward . You may ignore the message below . Thanks . Sara
Here's the format which I understand is being signed . You'll need this for Enron Corp . masters . Sara
Angela: Do you have some time today to discuss ? Sara
Angela: Here's another email . Sara
Susan: let's discuss this today . SS
Denis: Did you negotiate thie ISDA for this CP ? I'm negotiating for ENA .  Please advise . Sara
How about TODAY or Monday at 9 am ? I'll need my prior markup . Sara
The docs are still coming - can you meet Monday at 10 am ? Sara
Muriel: Please add Angela Davis to this list . I believe her email is
Steve: I don't believe that I have seen a revised forward confirmation since our conversations in mid-September . I have only a "draft" confirmation dated May ,  2000 which I marked and which served as the basis of further discussions . Also , I thought that CSFB was going to send language addressing concerns raised by EITF Issue No . 00-19 . FYI , I have not received comments from Mike Enerson . Is someone in your shop preparing a revised confirmation ? Thanks . Sara
fine with me - just verify final time and location . Sara
If I finish my 9 am early , I'll call you . In any event , I'll find a way for us to hook up today or tomorrow . Sara
Jason: Please let me know where we stand on this and what steps we are currently taking to finalize . On a different matter , I spoke with Mike Neves on Friday afternoon and we concluded that getting you hooked up to Lotus Notes was becoming too complicated . Please email your updates to me and I will enter onto Lotus Notes . Thanks . Sara P.S . I have approved all of your invoices for payment .
Mary: We have not tackled this version yet . Sara
I need to be present for my home burglar alarm installation this afternoon . Please feel free to contact me at ( 713 ) 664-3207 . Thanks . Sara
Kaye: please print . Thanks . Sara
please let me know by the end of the day today . thanks . ss
Holly: We sent a draft ISDA to EWEB on 4/19/00 to the attention of Jim Origliosso . We have never heard a word . Please let me know what you need . Sara
Tanya: This is the master referred to in my vm . Thanks . Sara
I thought I sent this to you already: 1 . coordination of setoff rights among multiple agreements ( financial , physical , electronic ) 2 . absence of mster netting agreement 3 . transacting with municipals ( esp . international ) 4 . trader education 5 . electronic trading agreements and passwords ( esp . unknown to legal )
Also , see form II-B of the 2000 ISDA Definitions .
Someone please explain . Sara
Jim: I didn't know if Clint had already forwarded this to you . Sara
Ryan: Here's the redraft of Lehman . THE CAP is something Clint and I want to discuss with you again . Sara
Kaye: Please arrange for 30 minutes - 1 hour . Ask Laurel what she needs . Thanks . Sara
I have two ( 2 ) tickets to the Friday , Nov . 3 performance of "A Midsummer Night's Dream" which I cannot attend . Let me know if you're interested - they're free . Sara
I have a question that needs to be answered on Wednesday morning: What company actually employs John Greene ? I am now being told by Instinet that the company employing the trader must sign a new confidentiality agreement for the UK terminal ( for trading by ECT Investments , Inc . through its arranger Enron Investment Services Limited) . Please advise by email or voice mail Thanks Sara
Tanya: Bill was assigned to this master which we sent out in 1997 . Per my email yesterday , we need new credit and a new person assigned . I think Rod will handle credit when we dupe the ENA master for Please let me know who will handle . There are some issues that credit and legal can determine before we resend a first draft . Thanks . Sara
Please add "Angela Davis" to the distribution list ( angela.davis@enron.com) . Thanks . Sara
These are all REPOS: Merrill Lynch Canada Inc./ENA Merrill Lylnch Govt . Securities Inc./Merrill Lynch Pierce Fenner & Smith
Andy: In the spirit of "full disclosure" , I thought I would let you know what ENA has agreed to on the ISDA side with various Merrill entities . ENA has ISDA's with Merrill Lynch International Bank ( 8/25/95) , Merrill Lynch Capital Services Inc . ( 12/2/92 ) and Merrill Lynch International ( 8/25/95) . There is no arbitration provision in any of these agreements; there is merely silence as to jurisdiction ( ENA began negotiating arbitration around 1997) . All of these agreements contain our standard limitation of liability language ( in boldface ) and all permit some type of assignment to an affiliate ( in general , without negative tax impact or with sufficient credit support) . All of the agreements provide for setoff ( including affiliates of non-defaulting parties ) and all contain confidentiality provisions . I would therefore propose the following changes to Annex I: change the margin deadline time to 10:00 a.m . ( NY time ) delete Par 9(b ) - and you can send your additional no custody required language delete the arbitration provision in its entirety I hope that you can resond to the remaining issues tomorrow morning so that we can finalize docs by the afternoon . Thanks for your assistance . Sara
Ellen: When you have a minute , give me a call and let's discuss , especially notice , assignability . The BIG ENRON issue is limited liability ( I have no choice here) . Setoff can be compromised with credit's approval ( Paul Radous is credit) . Sara
Andy: I am reviewing your comments and will have an answer shortly . I thought , however , that you should know that the limitation of liability provision is non-negotiable from Enron's viewpoint . If this is problematic , please advise and we can halt further discussion . Thanks . Sara
Julia: Could I please have a copy of the executed swap confirm ? Thanks ( especially for all of your help) . Sara
Yes , my preferance would be to ship to Texas . Please let me know . Did you receive the check ? Sara
Attached is a blackline containing Enron Corp . comments to your latest draft . Please contact Clint Freeland and me to coordinate execution . Thanks . Sara
Mary: you may want to see the registration comments offered by Jim Armogida in the attached doc . SS
Visit their website at: www.vintageestate.com Monday , November 20 , I have scheduled the following appointments: Beginning at 4 pm: Deb - facial , then massage Sara- massage , then facial Steve- massage , then ! !!!!!!!!!! ! Villagio does not have reflexology . I didn't know if Steve wanted a facial ( but if he does , there is no one to do the facial at 5! ) Seriously , check their website for other services for Steve ( and you) . I was only trying to time all of our services together , but that may not be entirely necessary . I don't know what time dinner is on Monday but I'm assuming it is late enough to allow us to change clothes and shower ( and wash hair if we feel like it) . The spa has lot's of availability earler in the day and on Sunday . So we can make changes . This is particularly important since all changes must be made within 24 hours of the service or it gets charged to my credit card . And I really hate unnecessary charges . On a slightly different note , I am compiling places I'd like to visit since we have no itinerary . Then we can have a tribal meeting to vote . Big Tiger Feather has changed his plans to stay until Tuesday so we'll have two cars . Bye now ! Love , Sas ( the future Miss America over FFFFFFFFFFFFF )
Paul: Please let me know if you can be available for a conference call with Jason on Friday to discuss Commerzbank and Morgan Stanley Cap Services . Thanks . Sara
Please reassign this file this morning and ask the responsible paralegal to bring the file in my office to discuss . Thanks . Sara
Paul: We'll meet Friday at 2 pm to call Jason . Can you come up to my office ? Sara
Do you have a paralegal yet ?
It seems as though yesterday's email didn't reach anyone . Attached is the redline . With the exception of numbers ( cap , price,etc ) I think we are ready to speak with Merrill . Sara
Bart: Sorry to get to you so late in the day . I am attaching the FORM of the Catalytica swap and option . I do not have executed copies . Sara
I would like to take Friday , Dec . 8 as a vacation day . Please advise of any conflicts . Sara
Hey , Carol ! November 15 looks like a great day . Any other day ( except Friday ) could work . Sara
Susan: Sorry for the delay in getting back to you . We have agreed to delete the CSA and will return a blackline to you shortly . You may recall that SITA expressly requested that the Enron agreement be governed by English law which is why we prepared this document for execution by our affiliate in London with the jurisdiction language appearing in the prior draft . There are still issues posed by your markup and we should be able to schedule a conference call next week . Thanks . Sara
FYI - we will be negotiating this master . Sara
We may find out today so hold the Master . We are waiting for Lehman to revise the confirm and the Lehman trader ( Paul Rosica ) was going to "clean up" behind his attorney to make sure that there are really not any other changes to the Schedule ! Paul has been traveling for the last two days and should be back in the office today . Clint Freeland ( our trader ) will let us know more . SS
Pat: I am a financial trading attorney with Enron North America Corp . ( "ENA" ) in the Houston office . Christian Yoder gave me your name and suggested that we speak regarding the EWEB transaction . I will be negotiating the ISDA Master Agreement with EWEB , probably with Jmi Deason directly . ENA requires that governmentals provide specific evidence of authority to enter into derivative instruments ( including certified resolutions specifically authorizing execution of the master agreement and all transactions thereunder , legal opinion and additional reps/warranties) . I was curious as to the specific documentation you had reviewed from EWEB . It sounded from your email which Christian forwarded to me , that you were reviewing evidence of authority to enter into physical transactions . I would like to speak with you directly , if possible . I am in a Central time zone and my direct line is ( 713 ) 853-5620 . I look forward to speaking with you . Thanks . Sara
addresss correction
here's the political decision helper -
Russell: I spoke briefly with Paul about your long-dated commodity deal and have a few comments . ( 1 ) Have you spoken with anyone on the confirmation desk about preparing a draft confirm ? Joe Hunter ( X33316 ) is a good start . ( 2 ) Paul advises that you will be transacting pursuant to the existing ISDA Master Agreement between ENA and CSFB Int'l ( name change from Credit Suisse Financial Products) . In that regard , you should be sure to add the following items to the confirmation and discuss with your counterparty: ( a ) ENA should be the Calculation Agent for purposes of this transaction . ( b ) You should provide for "Payments on Early Termination" as: "For the purpose of Section 6(e ) of the ISDA Master Agreement , ( i ) Loss will apply , and ( ii ) the Second Method will apply." Also , you should obtain evidence of the name change ( usually a certificate of name change) . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks . Sara
FYI - this is the proposed Schedule which we will review and comment; EWEB did not send a CSA . Sara
Surprise ! Tax does not yet have an answer . But I'll call you anyway . Sara
OK , you guys , I'm trying my best . All appointments on Monday , November 20 have been moved to 3 P.M . Deb: facial , then massage Steve: 80 minute wellness massage Steve: the spa didn't have anyone to do a facial after 2 pm so I thought you'd like a longer massage . There are facial appointments available Sunday morning and afternoon . You may want to check the website and change the service . You can have my facial appointment if you like ( it's at 4 P.M. ) and I'll take yours . Let me know if you'd like for me to make changes . Otherwise , see you in wineland . Sara
Did anyone work on the Destec transaction ? Sara
Susan: How about any of Wednesday - Friday , Nov.8 , 9 or 10 ? Houston is on Central Std . Time . Let me know . Sara
FYI - I'll talk to you in a little while because we"ll redline EWEB's document . Sara
Please see the attached Schedule and look at Part 3 ( Documents to be delivered ) under the headings for Party B ( which is EWEB):
Hey , guys: I'm negotiating a rush ISDA for ECTRIC under the law of England and Wales . I believe that Michael drafted originally . ( 1 ) submission to English courts and waiver of all objections ( 2 ) setoff for all events ( excluding affiliates ) except for Tax Event or Tax Event Upon Merger Are the foregoing acceptable for ECTRIC ? Your immediate response is appreciated as Michael Moulton wants to book deal Tuesday , Nov . 7 . Thanks . Sara
Good morning ! Thanks for your help yesterday . Would you please CALL A&K and make sure that they add Angela Davis to the distribution ? Thanks . Sara
Jane: If you have time in the morning ( Nov . 9 Tokyo) , I would like to discuss ENA's view of the CSA/Schedule relationship . In a nutshell , we provide that a ratings downgrade is an Additional Event of Default in the Schedule ( normally a MAC in the CSA) . John's preferance , of course , would be a unilateral event triggering an IBJ default ( which I am sure would be difficult to negotiate) . I am not certain of the time difference but perhaps you could call me at the office after 4 pm ( Nov.8 in Houston ) and I could then conference in John . Alternatively , please feel free to contact me at home ( after 7 pm Houston time on Nov . 8 ) at 713-664-3207 . I look forward to hearing from you . Regards . Sara
Yes . I thought you understood as much from our meeting . I have asked A&K repeatedly to add you to the email list . Also , it was my understanding from Mark Taylor that you would be responsible for the "structured" equity derivatives ( with assistance from the swap group as needed) . Please let me know if I'm assuming too much . Thanks . Sara
Holly: I'll try to get something to EWEB today . Also , we don't prepare deemed ISDA's for muni's so I have to create a form . Sara
Hey , Lawyer Daigle: On November 17 , I'll be exercising my wheelchair along the winding roads of Napa and Sonoma Valleys . However , would you two kids be interested in the more popular seminar at Galatoires on Dec . 8 , entitled "Dot.com for Seniors" , 3 hours CLE credit requested ? Please let me know as soon as possible so that I can request my cheap senior fare on Southwest Airlines , a reduced rate rental car and other freebies afforded through the AARP . Sara Please respond to pkdaigle
Janine: Thank you for scheduling the meeting last week . Let me know if I can be of any help whatsoever . Also , whatever flowcharts or schematics you can offer would greatly appreciated , as well as a list of services agreements . Dale Neuner is anxious to resolve the issues surrounding FX transactions on EOL . Have you concluded that we need RMT as the EOL party for internal hedging FX products for London and Japan . Am I correct in the following ? RMT will be the party transacting directly with international Enron affiliates ( i.e. , ECTRIC , through EEFT , and Enron Japan ) under new/existing services agreements . ENA will be the financial party transacting directly with third parties . Does ENA also act directly with non-affiliated Japanese customers ( if the situation should arise? ) Thanks . Sara
Andy: Attached are my blacklined comments to the prior draft . Please let me know if this works . Thanks . Sara
Jane: the ISDA jurisdiction and waiver of jury trial language is fine . Sara
You lucky dog!!!!!!!!!!! !
David: Pursuant to our conversation , attached is my blackline . I'll verify jurisdiction . Thanks . Sara
We're done . I should have signed docs tomorrow . Sara
Angela: Will you be available ? I was hoping that you can handle these deals with swap group assistance . Please feel free to call upon me at any time . Thanks . Sara
Dale: do you still want to meet ? Are you waiting to receive Janine's email tomorrow ? Can I buy you lunch one day ? Sara
All: At Clint's request , please find below the form of assignment for execution among Enron North America Corp. , Merrill Lynch Pierce Fenner & Smith and Lehman Brothers Finance S.A. . I will have to fax the term sheet to you as I can't find it in my email . Sara
Peter: I didn't have your fax number to send you a copy of the term sheet ( it's your term sheet of August 7 , 2000) . I have faxed already to Leslie and Gary . I will fax to you if you would please send me your email address . Thanks . Sara
Not really . I usually ask to be conferenced in when the swap is discussed , give my comments to Danny Sullivan only ( if A&K is outside counsel ) or listen to as much as I need to . It's really your call . SS
John: Have you seen this ? Please call me . Sara
Stephanie: I have put you in charge of this CP ( formerly S . Flynn) . We are going to have to amend the Coll . Threshold . I need to speak with Russell and will give you details . Thanks . Sara
Never ! Where is this coming up ?
Here's the preferred address: Sara Shackleton Enron Corp . 1400 Smith Street - EB 3801a In case you need a phone number at my place of work , it is ( 713 ) 853-5620 . Thanks . Sara
Steve: You are confirmed for an 80 minute deep tissue massage . I CAN'T WAIT ( for the trip , not your massage)!!!!!!!! !
Donna: Monday is not a good day for me since my 6 p.m . call has been arranged . Wednesday would work best . Can you talk to Carson ? Sara
fine Did you schedule this meeting for me ? Where is it held ? Sara
by the way , THANKS . Sara
Clint: Please verify cap of 4,164,300 , Price Trigger Event occuring at USD 55.00 for 3 consecutive Exchange Business Days and Spread of +.60 % from Ryan: Check my voice mail about revising your language to add "in bankruptcy or in liquidation" .
Marcus: Can you please let me know what you need . Who is handling credit ? tax ? accounting ? Who is booking the confirmations ? Have the confirms been drafted or negotiated ? Any changes ? How many transactions ? Sara
Thursday is Nov . 16 .
Leslie: Per our conversation , you mentioned that you had comments to the form of assignment to be executed by you , Lehman and Enron North America Corp. . Would you please provide me with your comments so that I can forward the same to Lehman ? I know that the Merrill name needs to be corrected . Thanks . Sara
David: Have you had a chance to consider our comments ? I look forward to hearing from you . Thanks . Sara
Gareth: Per your voice mail . Marcus thought this was closing next week . I will be out on Monday and Tuesday and will have to find a backup . Let me know if you have further info . Thanks . Sara
more
I don't know a thing about this deal ! I am expecting Marcus to call me this morning for further explanation . Forgive my ignorance , but what is a CACS ? Thanks . Sara
Sharon & Susan: We will send blackline shortly . With respect to your fax of 11/10/00 , please note the following: 1 . continuing guaranty is fine 2 . Rider A will require further discussion and is not acceptable 3 . 30 days is too long and not justifiable but we are agreeable to extend time to 10 Business Days 4 . Replacement credit support is not acceptable If you still wish to pursue unacceptable items , please advise and I will try to arrange a call for you and the Enron Corp . lawyer , Clement Abrams , who is currently out of town . He returns tomorrow . Thanks . Sara
Your diagram identifies "Toronto-Dominion Bank , Toronto" . Are we using the 12/18/98 ISDA agreement as a model for a new master ISDA agreement ? Did the bank change its name ? I'll wait for the term sheet and the draft TD confirms which you mentioned in your email . Sara
FYI
Clem: Would you please contact Susan Hopkinson about the guaranty . She works in Paris and her phone number is 33 1 53 67 4747 . Thanks . Sara ps I have separtely emailed to you the blacklined guaranty .
Brent: I wanted to inquire about SMUD . After the legal/credit meeting , it sounded as though special deal language was going into the Schedule as opposed to the confirm for the Transaction . Thanks . Sara
I was looking forward to seeing you tomorrow and hope that we can arrange something soon . I'm not sure about my plans during the Thanksgiving holiday but I think I'll be spending most of it in Houston . I am taking a long weekend ( this weekend ) in Napa with my sister , brother-in-law and Mike to celebrate my birthday so I'm anticipating somewhat of an eating exttavaganza . Talk to you soon . Sara
All: PLEASE NOTE THE FOLLOWING BASED UPON MY UNDERSTANDING OF THE PARTIES TO THIS PREPAY ( 1 ) The Toronto Dominion ( Texas ) master agreement with ECT is a restricted master . It was negotiated for a prepay several years ago and is not necessarily market ( or ENA ) standard . It should be reviewed immediately by legal and credit . ( 2 ) The Morgan Stanley Capital Group master agreement is very old . IT IS NOT AN ISDA .  It is a 1992 Master Energy Price Swap Agreement ( limited to simple transactions and commodities) . The terminology is not even ISDA terminology . This master has been on the credit/legal radar screen for upgrading to an ISDA . Rod: You need to take a look at the Toronto Dominion ( Texas ) master agreement now and we should discuss . Treasa: Will there be a rate swap ? Under which master(s) ?
Didn't we send this out ? SS
Hey , Russell: Are you handling the "Cargill-Alliant , LLC" credit ? Sara
There are TWO ( 2 ) Enron affiliates having master agreements with Morgan Stanley Capital Group Inc . ( "MSCG"): ( 1 ) ECTRIC has an ISDA Master Agreement with MSCG dated 3/25/99 but effective as of 8/29/97 ( 2 ) ECT ( now ENA ) has a Master Energy Price Swap Agreement with MSCG dated , and effective , as of 6/16/92 With respect to the TD ( TEXAS ) master agreement having a "RESTRICTED" status , I will need to speak with Rod Nelson . Sara
Rod: You need to speak with Treasa .
Here it is
Bob: I'm only sending this message so that you can see all correspondence . This doc will be useful to you .
this is from Jason
Kevin: This is set to close tomorrow ( so far!) . Please look this first draft over to see if you have any issues . Thanks . Sara
ENA and ECTRIC have masters with this counterparty . I NEED THESE WITH RESPECT TO THE PREPAY ORIGINATING FROM LONDON WHICH CLOSES TOMORROW . These are both missing from the files . Does anyone have these ? Please contact me ASAP ! Thanks . Sara
I guess "working it out" ? The collateral piece will take a little time and we'll have to run it by Japanese counsel .
Do you have a deal diagram ? Is there a commodity swap between ENA and Morgan ? The TD/ENA commodity swap has language regarding "loan repayment" and the "fee" . Has Matt seen this ? Shouldn't this be in a separate document ? Also , I'm not sure what TD is tyring to net ( quarterly payments under the swap with other payments due on the same day in the same currency under the Master?) . Do want TD to be the Calc . Agent for the commodity swap and the rate swap ? Are you satisfied wtih the Disruption Fallback ( which is the same as the Master but for the reduction in Postponement from 5 to 3 days) . I am trying to speak with Rod . Sara
Marcus: The MSCG Master is NOT AN ISDA ! I am sure there will be problems "matching" terms for the swaps . sara
here's the email
Angela: I just received this email from Carol . Do you know about this ? It's the first I've seen ( unless it's related to something that Mary is working on) . Would you please follow up ? It's coming from A&K . Thanks . Sara Second message to follow Here's the second message .
Hi , Greg: Per my voice mail , could you please email or fax the final confirms to me ? Thanks . Sara
Bob: Would you please handle ? Thanks . Sara
Carol and Mary: I am not available on 12/8 . Sara
Now do you see what's going on ?
Kaye: I need for you to redline the first attached doc . I have the markup in my office . I need to email it tonight . Thanks . Sara
Matt Dawson in London was inquiring about this agreement . He'll want to know when we are finished because he has a London paper trader nagging him . SS
Marcus: TD has scheduled a conference call with me at 10:30 am Houston time to discuss the crude swap ( related to the prepay) . Mataly Sahoni ( ? ) said that they wanted to discuss some "credit issues" and that it was "no big deal." You are welcome to join me . Sara P.S . Bob Bruce ( Ext . 57780; EB 3880D ) will back me up while I am out of the office tomorrow afternoon , Monday and Tuesday . I'll be back on Wednesday , Nov . 22 .
Yes , because Treasa told me this morning that this could "make or break the deal" ! Of course , you are absolutely welcome to join me ( and Marcus if he is available) . Sara
Attached is my markup of the TD crude confirm which I received this morning . Sara
Here we go again!!!!!!!!!! !
Please assign in the morning for preparation on Friday , Nov . 17 . Whoever receives needs to call Chris Foster in Portland to coordinate . Thanks . sara
Please join the conference call at 11;30 am New York time
THANKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
WE ARE ALSO CONFERENCING AT 10:30 am Houston time !
You bet ! Belated to you . I'm off to Napa in a few hours to celebrate . I'll call after T-giving . Sara
Have a great holiday . I'm out of here!!!!!!!!! !
I am finalizing the negotiation of the ISDA Master Agreement with SITA . You will recall that this is an ECTRIC; master NOT ENA . SITA has ( 1 ) requested evidence of EEFT's ability to sign for ECTRIC and ( 2 ) confirmation that "EEFT is signing on the basis of their authority under the investment services directive" . Would you please provide directly to SITA's lawyers as follows: Susan Hopkinson and Sharon Lewis at Lovells in Paris: If you require phone or fax: Please let me know when you have satisfied this request . Thanks . Sara
Richard: I don't know if you were copied separately on this message . Can you send a letter after Thanksgiving ? The first payment should come due the first week in December . Thanks . Sara
Tanya: SITA now insists on having the Termination Currency and the Contractual Currency , except as otherwise agreed in any Transaction/Confirmation , as the Euro . They will not agree to USD . [By the way , SITA's lawyers had already agreed to USD] Effectively , if we agree to this , the trader will need to confirm each deal in USD ( Contractual Currency ) but if we early terminate , the currency will be Euro's ( Termination Currency) . What do you want to do ? Other than the Enron Corp . guaranty , we are finished . Sara
Treasa: Bob Bruce told me that there was no "swap" activity on the prepay during my absence . Houston is closed down until Monday , Nov . 27 for the Thanksgiving holiday . Normally , I would ask Joe Hunter on the confirm desk to take a look at the confirms . I marked up the TD confirm to reflect my comments and provide an attached "schedule" of volumes since I thought it would be easier for you to match calc periods , volumes and rate payment dates . Such a format has worked well in other prepaid structures . If I don't go out of town tomorrow , you can reach me at home . My number is
Richard Sage , CFO for EnronCredit.com , would like a link to be able to access Lotus Notes . Could you please arrange ? Thanks . Sara
Richard: It was good to meet you this afternoon . Attached is my Q&A for the traders regarding the U.S . concept of "Eligible Swap Participant" . Let me know if I can be of further help . Also , I asked Tana Jones to send you the link for our Financial Trading Lotus Notes database . Sara
Are we meeting at noon ? Can I assume that Lawyer Burlingame will procure a table at the seminar ? Sara Please respond to pkdaigle
Jeff: If you don't have an answer yet , try to call Jeff Hodge . Sara
Tanya: This year is no different from any other year and we are always asked to review the swap component of the Global Finance structured deals . We are also seeing lots of prepays . Who is the credit person to be apprised of these transactions ? Should we immediately involve you and Bill ? At the moment , Mary Cook , Angela Davis ( legal finance group ) and I are juggling the deals . Please let me know and I'll alert the swap group . Thanks . Sara
Did you have your questions answered ? I have a voice mail from Philip Levy and need to respond . Please give me a call after Thanksgiving . Thanks . Sara
He is a lawyer for APEA . Can I call him and let him know that the confirm was sent to APEA ? When was it sent ? Sara
Please note regarding "finance deals , prepays" .
Stephanie: Hope you had a great Thanksgiving ! Please follow up with this guy . Looks like he's in London . We need to verify that he's with Harvard , either through Caroline or asking that he send a faxed request so that we can see the letterhead , etc . Also , please keep track of the fully executed master . Thanks . Sara
Teresa: I'll be helping you on the swap piece . Let me know what you need . Thanks . Sara
I have not forgotten . No need to waste your time leaving me both a voice mail and an email . Thanks . Sara
Jane: Sorry for the delay . I'm preparing a "cash only , two-way" section for the ISDA . I will try to get it to you this week . Sara
Travis: I received this on 11/17 and I was on vacation . I think it's too late to respond but let me know . Sara
Jane: I forgot to mention that I will need to have our Japanese outside counsel review the "credit section." Who should I be dealing with ? Sara
Thursday sounds great ! I'll call you in the morning . Sara
Sam: Please move the CSFB Futures Agreement to the "Futures Agreement" section of the database . Thanks . Sara
FYI
please print
Jeff: Per my voice mail , please see the attached . Are you the point person for EnronCredit.com Ltd and debt trading ? Sara
Diana: I negotiated the Enron North America Corp . ISDA Master Agreement with the "President and Fellows of Harvard University" ( together with John Suttle) . Harvard is interested in metals trading . What is the entity trading metals ( financial) ? Will you evaluate the credit ? Please let me know . Thanks . Sara
FYI
FYI re: my voice mail
Richard: I have spoken with Jeff Blumenthal ( US tax ) about your request as I think he would be better suited to provide your advice . Jeff cannot make your conference call tomorrow but I have forwarded to him this message and your diagrams from last week . If you could provide Jeff with a short description of any issues , he will be glad to respond this week . Thanks . Sara New meeting request from Richard Sage 11/28/2000 10:00 AM Local Time 11/28/2000 11:00 AM Local Time Title: New US Entities ( Denis's office ) Location: -No room information available- Chair: Richard Sage/LON/ECT To ( required): David A Wall/Risk Mgmt/LON/ECT , Denis O'Connell/LON/ECT , Rod cc ( optional): Erica Gut/LON/ECT Discuss implications of implementing entities of the attached .
Susan: CSFB had a name change earlier this year . Can you please see that the blue file is changed ? Also , please let the other paralegals know what to do in an instance such as this . Thanks . sara
I would like to add Dec . 7 as a vacation day . Please let me know if there are any problems . Thanks . Sara
Chris: Sorry I missed you yesterday . Can we talk after 3 pm Houston time today ? Just let me know . Thanks . Sara
I am tied up this morning . SS
Susan: Why is the RMT/NNG on hold ? A two-year deal was booked in mid-November and we'd like to confirm under a master . Thanks . Sara
John: I don't know if you've been in touch with Instinet but they are now holding up the documents . Instinet could not find the ECT Investments , Inc . executed 1997 agreements ( which I have resent to them ) and I now have their lawyer agreed to amend that agreement to add the London terminal . This should be a minor item . Can you put pressure on New York ? Sara
Please add "Robert Bruce" to the distribution list ( either Bob or I will be available to assist from ENA legal) . Also , please keep Cathy Moehlman ( ENA Treasury - X33353 ) in the loop as she calls us for information that we may not have . Thanks . Sara
Mark: Credit has asked us to pursue trading arrangements on behalf of Enovate . At least for the short term , Mark Haedicke told Kay Mann that ENA legal should handle Enovate legal work . That work currently consists of establishing documentation for financial trading with third parties . It is not clear what lawyers ( ENA or Peoples ) will draft/negotiate ISDA masters nor have any forms been agreed ( but Peoples' lawyers have seen our forms and I have seen their forms which are poorly drafted) . Bill Bradford will have the final word on Enovate credit . Credit has asked us to track Enovate masters on our Lotus Notes database . Do you need to follow up with Mark about us negotiating Enovate's master agreements ? Or should we just handle as any other project ? Sara
Laurel: Looks like this is being handled properly . You just need to stay on top of it . SS
Please let me know who handles this one . Our power trader is Joe Wagner ( X33143 ) and the draft should be emailed to John Porter: japorter@tva.gov Joe would like an update . John Porter will direct to a TVA lawyer . Thanks . Sara
Jim: Thanks for following up . Sara
Joe: Susan Bailey ( X34737 ) will be drafting the TVA master . I don't think it will go out today; maybe , tomorrow . Please feel free to call Susan ( or me ) if you have any questions . Negotiations proceed more quickly when legal has the name , phone number and email address for the counterparty's LAWYER ( I know you tried!) . If the counterparty is truly anxious to trade , the commercial guys will pressure the legal department to pay attention to the documents and keep the ball rolling . Otherwise , things will sit around and go nowhere . Just remember that an ISDA negotiation is USUALLY longer with a governmental entity because ENA requires more information ( legal opinion , copies of statutes , authority in the form of a full Board resolution , etc. ) and government lawyers may be short staffed . Sometimes the counterparty will hire outside counsel which may go more quickly , but not always . If a counterparty is totally organized and familiar with financial trading documents , the negotiations may end within a week ( but I have never seen this happen with a governmental) . Otherwise , it simply depends on the issues . Sara
Can you be more specific ? Is this for ENA ? What type of products ?
Susan: Here's some more TVA information . sara
FYI
Please add your outstanding guaranties to Susan's memo - thanks
Jim: As a follow up to our conversation of yesterday , please note the following: ( 1 ) I have not received your comments to our blackline of EWEB's ISDA Schedule . ( 2 ) I have not received your suggested language to the Deemed ISDA confirmation . Please verify whether or not you emailed these to me yesterday as promised . Also , Holli Krebs has offered to try to organize a conference call to discuss the Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex . Tracy Ngo from our credit group and I will be available to answer any questions . As soon as we have your comments , I can provide you with a blackline . Please let me know if there is anything further that I can do . Thanks . Sara
Dennis: You have attached a form of confirmation for a very specialized derivative transaction , namely , a CREDIT derivative . The transaction that Enron and So . Cal . would be executing would be a COMMODITY derivative ( that commodity being power) . The confirmation format is similar . I will send you an example later . Sara
Attached is the Schedule we sent and Par . 13 .
Attached are Jim Deason's comments to the Schedule and Deemed ISDA . Please note him comments re: enforceability of this financial deal .
Attached is the latest listing of executed equity agreements . We have a separate listing for futures agreements but the brokers are different from equity brokers .
Dennis: Attached are two "templates" for power trades confirmed under an executed ISDA Master Agreement , one is for a swap and the other for an option ( cap or floor) . Ignore the symbols and elections which are only to feed deal terms into our confirmation system . The specific terms of each trade ( dates , notional quantities , price indexes and pricing , etc. ) would be inserted into the format . I hope this helps . Sara Thanks
Do you also have fax and email address ?
Laurel: Jason is ready to send comments on this agreement requested by John Greene . Can you please provide Jason with the name , address , fax number of the party with whom we should be communicating in order to negotiate this agreement . If you need to speak with Jason , you can call him at ( 713 ) 220-4124 . Thanks . Sara
Please confim that this file is currently inactive . Thanks . Sara
Sheila: Please verify whether we need to pursue this agreement . Thanks . Sara
Jason: I believe you have this agreement as well . Can you bring me up to date ? Thanks . sara
Clem: After our legal credit meeting yesterday , we noted that the following guaranties have not yet been executed: Mieco Inc . The Wiser Oil Company Would you please let me know when these will be executed ? Thanks . Sara
per my voice mail
Of course not ! Therefore , rank it LOW .
Chris: We need to discuss the alternative to SP-15 . Please see the redline where I have incorporated a "Fallback Reference Price" . However , the definition is still vague . SS
This should do it except that I would add a heading "DRAFT - FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY" at the top and fix the Fallback Reference Price format and put the phrase "as published in . . . caliso.com" at the end of the sentence .
I will attend .
Jorge: ( 1 ) Yes , I did verbally approve the Merrill Lynch "Other Provisions" section of the rate swap ( 10/26/00 deal) . ( 2 ) Yes , I received your Fax of 11/21/00 from Bank of Montreal with your email to the bank . The language which you sent to the Bank of Montreal ( "BOM" ) was to be based on the Merrill Lynch "Other Provisions" section of the above rate swap . In that regard , ( i ) you inadvertently left out a phrase when you retyped the Merrill Lynch language . However , BOM's subsequent revision is acceptable . ( ii ) it is not clear to me whether ALL of Paragraph 3 in the original BOM confirm is being replaced . Your message to BOM seems to imply that it is fully replaced ( which is what we want) . You should definitely verify that this is the case in your latest BOM confirm . ( 3 ) Yes , the Termination Agreement format from Deutsche Bank AG looks fine . Just be sure that all transaction references are correct . Sorry for the delay . I am trying to identify another lawyer to back me up . Sara
Attached is an updated list of brokerage agreements under negotiation . Please let me know of any changes . Sara
Tanya: Is Lee the right person to approve this change for SITA ? Remember , SITA is acutally with ECTRIC ( nto ENA ) and SITA wanted to settle in Euros . Thanks . Sara
Of course . You probably forgot that SITA requested both settlement'termination in Euros . SS
Does anyone have this file ? The master was executed on 2/28/92 . Thanks . Sara
Steve: I just spoke with Bill Bradford and I understand that Bill and Mark Tarkington discussed the use of "Specified Entity" and agreed , subject to DB committee approval , to eliminate the use of Specified Entity in the ENA and affiliated masters with DB ( i.e. , "Specified Entity: none") . Once you have confirmed this with Mark , please prepare a final blacklined draft for our review and then execution copies of the ISDA Master Agreement . In connection with the final draft , Tana Jones will fax to you minor format comments . [She will also fax to you the electronic trading agreements and password applications for London and U.S . based trading.] The following ENA affiliates will also need to execute ISDA Master Agreements with DB: ( 1 ) ECT Investments , Inc . ( Delaware corporation ) ( 2 ) Enron Capital & Trade Resources International Corp . ( Delaware corporation )
Love ,
Can I take a quick look at the BofA file ? Thanks . Sara
FYI only . We will execute the Lehman ISDA Master Agreement shortly . Sara
ED: what is this all about ? Sara
Tracy: Please be sure to copy Melissa Murphy because she will be preparing the confirmation . Stephanie Panus will be the assisting paralegal . Thanks . Sara
Stephanie: Please see me so that we can finalize . Sara
Tom: SITA may be anxious but their lawyers raised a few new issues that we are responding to . Also , we have not finalized the Enron Corp . guaranty . Sara
Please put me on the list for a flu shot . My ext . is 35620 . Thanks . Sara
Larry: According to Steve Kessler ( the DB lawyer in New York who is negotiating the ENA ISDA Master) , London e-commerce issues are normally handled ty the London lawyer ( Conrad Libischer at 44-20-754-52705) . If NY trader is also involved , then DB must decide on one lawyer to handle password application , etc . The ENA ISDA Master must first be approved by Frankfurt . I don't know how long this takes . You may want to let the DB trader start the EOL process . Thanks . Sara
Shari: It sounds great but I'm taking a few days off and won't be in town . Thanks . Sara
Jason: Where do we stand with respect to this party ? Sara
Stephanie: There's no Municipal deal ( remember Friday?) . SS
Do you have the original file or do we have it here ? Enron Corp . wants to have this in place for equity trading . I can look at it quickly and perhaps shorten the response time .
Of course . Sara
Mary: Thanks so very much ! And you're absolutely right about it being a good day ! Sara
Soma: Let me know when you'd like to further discuss . I'm attaching a short recap . I have copies of the referenced collateral annexes in my office for you . Sara
Marcello: By way of introduction , I am a lawyer with Enron North America Corp.("ENA" ) in the derivatives area . I have read your memorandum of March 17 , 1997 which was prepared for us and which addressed both physical and financial trading issues . I am also aware of the recent memo which you prepared for Brent Hendry re: internet trading . I have two ( 2 ) followup questions for you limited specifically to financial trading ( NOT VIA INTERNET): ( 1 ) Do you have any changes to add to your memo of March 17 , 1997 with respect to financial trading ? ( 2 ) Would you modify ENA's Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement ( which I believe Brent Hendry recently forwarded to your attention) ? I look forward to hearing from you . ENA is about to execute a trade with a Chilean corporate and I will most likely see the trade confirmation in the next day or so . You can reach me via email or by phone at ( 713 ) 853-5620 . Thank you very much . Sara
Susan: Please hold for EWEB redraft . SS
( 1 ) The Alcoa lawyer wants to adopt the terms of the ENA/Alcoa Inc . master for purposes of the December deal . ( 2 ) EWEB has requested the following provision: DEFAULT RATE shall mean the lesser of ( a ) the per annum rate of interest equal to the prime lending rate as may from time to time be published in "the Wall Street Journal" under "Money Rates" on such day ( or if not published on such day the most recent preceding day on which published) , plus two percent ( 2% ) but not to exceed in total fourteen percent ( 14% ) annually , and ( b ) the maximum rate permitted by applicable law . Please let me hear from you . Sara
Bob: Attached is a draft "forward template" for circulation by Enron Corp . to potential counterparties . I based the template on the Lehman Bros . forward transaction ( which I will fax to you separately) . Per our discussion , please take a look at the template from Enron's viewpoint and suggest improvements , comments , etc . Enron Corp . has a potential counterparty in the wings and I would like to send out the template tomorrowl Please call me with your questions . As always , thanks for your help . Sara
RE: Alcoa - it's a one-month deal . The issue is no netting absent a SINGLE agreement governing ALL trades . Please respond about ALCOA and EWEB . I'll be out Thursday and Friday . Sara
I'll be out of the office Dec . 7 & 8 . In my absence please contact Bob Bruce . Thanks . Sara
Melissa: I finally reached Tom Seligson and he will change the guaranty ( below ) to add that ENA may assign the guaranty to any affiliate without the approval of the guarantor . The remaining issue is whether to confirm on our omnibus or create a confirm and adopt by reference the provisions of the Alcoa Inc./ENA master . I have left Ed Sacks a message . Sara ps I will be out of the office on Dec . 7,8
Jim: I was hoping that we could speak sometime today as I will be out of the office Dec . 7 and 8 . I would like to discuss your comments the Schedule and receive your blackline to the Credit Support Annex . I am available all day except between the hours of 10 am - 2 pm ( Houston time) . I look forward to hearing from you . Regards . Sara
Mark: I am about to finalize comments to the SITA Master ISDA Agreement on behalf of ECTRIC . I need your able assistance with respect to the following: ( 1 ) SITA has not passed a board resolution authorizing execution of the Agreement . Instead , SITA proposes a certificate stating that its President Directeur General or Directeur General have , pursuant to the Articles of Association , full power and authority to execute the Agreement or to grant a power of attorney to do so . ( 2 ) SITA has requested evidence of EEFT's authority to sign on behalf of ECTRIC . I have sent a copy of the power of attorney to the lawyer and will ask that she direct any questions to you if I am not reachable . SITA's attorney is Susan Hopkinson at Lovells in Paris . Her phone is 33153 674747 and fax is 33147 239612 and email is susan.hopkinson@lovells.com . I will be out of the office Dec . 7 & 8 . Stephanie Panus if assisting with the file . I look forward to hearing from you . Regards . Sara
Susan: A few items to follow up with: ( 1 ) I understand that you are finalizing the Enron Corp . guaranty with Clement Abrams . Please let me know when all is agreed and I will arrange with Clem for an executed guaranty . ( 2 ) Stephanie Panus will fax to you the power of attorney for EEFT to act for ECTRIC . The acronyms will be obvious in the fax . ( 3 ) Euros are fine for Termination and Contractual Currency . ( 4 ) I am considering your proposed certificate in lieu of a board resolution and checking your tax rep . I will be out of the office Dec . 7 & 8 . You can contact Stephanie Panus in my absence . Regards . Sara
I will be taking Friday , Dec . 29 as a vacation day . Sara P.S . I will also be on vacation Dec . 7 & 8 .
All: Enron's treasury group is reviewing some of the extremely high volume master swap agreements to see if rehypothecation of collateral is an alternative . The Bank of America ( "BofA" ) agreement is an ISDA but the credit annex is our old format . BofA has agreed with Bill Bradford to replace the existing Annex A ( Collateral and Exposure Provisions ) with the ISDA Credit Support Annex and Paragraph 13 . Soma Ghosh is spearheading this effort and she may contact one of you to assist in this effort . I told Soma that credit would need to provide a credit worksheeet . Thanks . Sara
Here is the latest margin rate change -
I will be out of the office on Dec . 7 & 8 . Please contact one of the paralegals for assistance . Thanks . Sara
Please let me know if you did anything with this or I will assign . Since you were copied , I didn't know if you had a conversation with Tanya or Soma . Thanks . Sara
Susan: Please let me know what happened with this . Thanks . Sara
Chris: Please call me and let's discuss . My hesitancy comes from the big difference in the ISDA for general corporates and GOVERNMENTALS ( which you know are treated differently) . Sara
John: I just received the Instinet amendment to place additional access at Enron House . The "Equipment" is described as follows: Please verify that this is what you need . I can have this signed immediately . Sara
FYI
Sheila: Is this a request to me ? Sara
Holli: I have a conference call with EWEB's lawyer at 9 am PST . I'll call you later . Sara
Susan: The tax rep is fine . We are following up on the P/A , and Clement should respond re: the guaranty . Sara
Justin: I am told by Theresa Brogan that Enron Networks requires an account with one of the prime brokers frequently used by ENA and other Enron Corp . subsidiaries and that you are handling this particular agreement . ENA has negotiated multiple accounts with Morgan Stanley & Co . Inc . and Morgan Stanley & Co . International Limited ( collectively , "Morgan") . We have an agreed form of Customer Agreement with Morgan which has been easy to duplicate for additional affiliates of ENA . Also , we screen all agreements through credit and risk control ( since our resolutions for opening brokerage accounts require dual signatures from both the Enron affiliate and risk control) . I don't know what your procedure is in London but let me know if we can be of any assistance . Theresa is holding the docs until I hear back from you . Thanks . Sara
Stephanie: Do we control the drafting ?
John: Thanks for your message . I have asked Brent Hendry to give you a call . Hope you're doing well . Sara
Please email John re: status . Thanks . Sara
Tana: Here's the background info . Do you want to prepare the ISDA CSA ? We will also need an amendment to replace the old with the new . I now need to reread Tanya's message . Sara
Tanya: Both ENA ( rate ) and Enron Corp.(equity forwards ) are seekig master agreements with MSCS . Rod prepared a credit worksheet for the ENA agreement in June , 2000 and I will fax a copy to you separately . ( 1 ) With respect to the ENA master , is the ENA credit worksheet still current or does it need to be changed ? ( 2 ) With respect to the Enron Corp . master ( which will not have a CSA or an Enron Corp . guaranty) , what cap should we request from Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co. ? Should it be $25MM as requested in the ENA document ? Please let me know .
Joe: Susan emailed the docs to Larry Johnson and John Porter on 11/30/00 .
Stephanie: Can we get the SITA blackline out today ? We should put ENE guaranty in line for execution and let's push Clem for Friday at the latest . Also , Matt Dawson has requested copy of latest docs AND he cannot locate the executed P/A . I think you should try tax . Let me know if you need my help . Sara
Matthew: Thanks for taking the time to chat this morning . I am looking for a copy of the EnronCredit.com Limited documents so that I can speak with credit in Houston and have draft docs for you as soon as possible . Please forward . Regards . Sara
Further to my message of yesterday evening , I have spoken with the MSCS lawyer in London and learned that EnronCredit.com Limited ( "ECCL" ) has finalized its ISDA Master Agreement and CSA with MSCS . ECCL is awaiting the ENE guaranty . The lawyer is forwarding docs to me this morning and I understand they were heavily negotiated . Tanya , will you be handling credit for both ENA and ENE ? I would like to chat with whomever is handling today , if possible . I will forward ECCL to you both when I receive . Thanks . Sara
John: Does this look alright for execution ? Sara
Tanya: I've been meaning to touch base with you about: In our form CSA , the Debt Rating Change is triggered ONLY off of S&P . I thought this was a carry-over from ENE's previous split rating . Does credit want to leave the trigger at "below BBB- by S&P" or also add in Moody's ? Thanks . Sara
Matt and Denis: I spoke with Matthew Flett about an hour ago and he advised that EnronCredit.com Limited had finalized its ISDA . I requested a copy burt he has not yet sent it over . Both ENE and ENA want to execute masters with MSCS and we would like to work from your document . Can you email me a copy ? Thanks . Sara
FYI until I get to it !
go to :
Holli: We need to talk about status . I spoke yesterday with three EWEB lawyers and Dick Varner . I have to comment back on the Schedule to the master agreement . EWEB has not yet reviewed the Credit Support Annex and needs to submit their proposed legal opinion . EWEB is reserving discussion of the confirmations pending resolution of the master agreement . Most important , however , is the EWEB legal opinion which will be limited by the capacity of EWEB's traders to enter into financial trades at any given point in time . EWEB is insisting that we assume the obligation of knowing whether an EWEB trader is authorized to act and how that EWEB trader is authorized to act under EWEB's trading policy because , under Oregon law ( and the law of all states) , financial trades executed by unauthorized persons ( employed by governmental entities ) are completely void . Your two trades ( which began as physical deals and were transformed into financial deals ) were authorized by EWEB's recent board resolution . However , you cannot rely fully on this resolution for future trades . Before you ever trade with EWEB again , you will not be able to rely upon your past relationship with an EWEB trader . You will first have to conduct some due diligence with respect to the EWEB trader and the EWEB trading policy . ENA has never agreed to this type of arrangement . Let's schedule a time to discuss the agreement further . Thanks . Sara
I understand your concern but negotiating your future position is part of the agreement .
Greg: I received the following email from RBC and am attaching a redline of changes . Since ECC will be signing , let me know if you have any objections . Sara
FYI!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
Tracy: Tanya handled this last go round . Sara
Aaron: I spoke with both Matt Flett ( Morgan counsel ) and Denis O'Connell about the ISDA already negotiated by EnronCredit.com Limited . Each was supposed to send me the draft docs for me to review and comment on for ENA . I have not received anything yet but will comment immediately upon receipt . I'll keep you up to date . Sara
Dana: What would be a convenient time for us to chat briefly about the legal issues associated with derivative transactions between ENA and municipal/governmental counterparties ? Please let me know . Thanks . Sara
All: To whom should Risk Management & Trading Corp . ( "RMT" ) direct the swap confirmation related to RMT's hedge management fee with Enron Nordic Energy ( Norwegian branch of Enron Capital & Trade Resources International Corp.) ? The previous transaction was dated February 24 , 1999 and requires amendment . Please let me know . Sara
Tanya and Tana: I am attaching the following ( see the Security Agreement Amendment ) as an example of what we did in the Chase amendment of the CSA . Please note the use of longer dated government securities . I don't know what we want to use with BofA . Sara
Jay: I'll wait to hear from you . Sara
Laurel: Please call me and let's talk . SS
Susan: This is an urgent matter for London . We need to have this guaranty executed quickly and I will call Clem to describe the issue . Please handle and follow up with me during the day . Sara
Angela: Please let me know how you want to proceed . Thanks . Sara
Blair: Attached below is a redline version of the consent which has been approved by Enron Canada Corp . Sara
The correct address is:
Martin and Orjan: Thank you for responding to my message . I still need to know WHO will EXECUTE the confirmation on behalf of Enron Nordic Energy ( Norwegian Branch of Enron Capital & Trade Resources International Corp. ? Clara is here in Houston and cannot sign for that entity . Please advise . Sara
Denis: I spoke with Clem and forwarded the attached guaranty . I didn't read the guaranty so I don't know if it was negotiated or standard . You should contact Clem about the urgent nature of the request as I am not familiar with the details . Thanks . Sara
Many of you have been involved in recent efforts to either amend documents to provide for rehypothecation of securities or additional collateral arrangements , both resulting from cash constraints in the market . In that regard , it appears that our credit group will be very interested in accepting different forms of government obligations , including Treasury Bills , Treasury Notes and Treasury Bonds . Our current version of Paragraph 13 does not have the "choice" for Eligible Collateral consisting of longer dated obligations such as Treasury Notes and Bonds; our earlier version did provide this option . LEGAL: When preparing new master agreements , please be specific about credit requests to include securities and verify with credit the specific types of Eligible Collateral to be included in Paragraph 13 . CREDIT: When drafting credit worksheets , please be specific when requesting types of Eligible Collateral other than cash . We may consider amending Paragraph 13 again or adding additional forms of Eligible Collateral to Library Doc .
David: We are drafting a credit derivative confirmation in connection with one of our year-end deals . Will you or Jean be able to review the confirm with us ? I look forward to hearing from you . Regards . Sara
Brant: Please call me or schedule time to discuss Bridgeline ( "CP") . In particular , you should note the following: ( 1 ) CP requests cross default with US 100 million for ENA and US 20 million for itself . ( 2 ) Change in ownership as default trigger is different from your proposal . ( 3 ) CP requests US 15 million Enron Corp . guaranty and increases its guaranty cap to US 15 million ( 4 ) Docs to be delivered: ONLY CP's guarantor to deliver annual unaudited/quarterly unaudited consolidated financials ( 5 ) Review setoff ( elimination of affiliates ) ( 6 ) Review transfer because CP has a proposal for ENA ( 7 ) Change to collateral thresholds - bilateral US 15 million Also , I think Susan verified with you that you did not intend to use a non-specific MAC ( even though the credit worksheet is marked as such) . I'll wait to hear from you . Sara
Janine: With respect to the attached ( internal ) FX product for EOL , I just wanted to verify with you that internal counterparties should transact on EOL with: ( 1 ) RMT ( as principal for Houston FX desk ) ( 2 ) EEFT as agent for RMT ( as principal for London FX desk) . In this regard , was the services agreement between ENA and EEFT ever extended to include RMT for internal trades ? ( 3 ) Enron Japan Corp . ( as principal for Tokyo FX desk ) There appears to be some confusion since our meeting of November 3 . Thanks . Sara
Marcelo: Thank you for your response . Yes , I am still interested in having the two questions ( mentioned in my email to you ) answered . We have several derivative transactions with Chilean parties and I would like to know of modifications to both the derivatives memorandum which you prepared for us in 1997 AND changes to our form of Schedule . Please let me hear from you at your earliest convenience . Regards , Sara
Stuart: I wanted you to be aware of the REASON for the holdup on your FX online product . We are trying to resolve this issue as quickly as possible . Sara
Melissa: Were you working on this for Chris ? SS
Janine: Thanks for the update . Any word on the Japanese FX desk principal ? Sara
Blair: I sent this to you yesterday . Sara
Matt: This is still outstanding and we may have to change Part 3 of the Schedule to reflect the change . DID YOU SPEAK WITH OUR FRENCH LAWYERS ? Please let Stephanie know . Sara
great !
Mark: Per our conversation , I understand that the Canadian company has a number of outstanding OTC FX transactions with one or more counterparties . Each of those transactions should be documented by a confirmation which confirms the economic terms of each deal . Each confirmation must be subject to ( 1 ) an existing type of master agreement ( such as the ISDA , IFEMA , FEOMA) , ( 2 ) a "deemed" version of such an agreement or ( 3 ) "terms and conditions" appearing in the confirmation itself . It is quite likely that in any of these three types of confirmations , there are provisions for assignment of trades , credit event upon merger , material adverse change , additonal events of default or termination , etc . which may be triggered by the pending acquisiton of the Canadian company . Further , there may be credit issues associated with the transactions and/or master agreements ( in the form of specific credit provisions in a confirmation or a credit annex to the master agreement) . As a result , a party attempting to "step into the shoes of the Canadian company" must review the existing documents , subject to any confidentiality restrictions , in order to evaluate the positions and risks associated with assuming those positions . Thus , we need to conduct a thorough due diligence of the financial trading positions of the Canadian company . Please let me know if you have any questions . Sara
Carson: Yes , Monty , Keith and I had a great lunch at Galatoire's last Friday . Monty had to leave early for a soccer game in Memphis ( I think) . Maybe we can get Donna to raid the X-mas wine in the cellar . Sara
Susan: Thanks for the update . Gary Hickerson wants this product available on EOLnow ( which explains why I am called daily by the trading desk) . Do you knowhen a decision on the Japanese FX principal will be forthcoming ? Sara To: Sara Shackleton/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Janine Juggins/LON/ECT@ECT , Melba Lozano/HOU/ECT@ECT , William Stuart/HOU/ECT@ECT , Steve Jacobellis/NA/Enron@Enron@ECT , Jeff Subject: Re: FX Product Sara , Attached are two e-mails that I sent yesterday and today on the Japanese FXtrader . In short , we are pursuing the dependent agency approach . The specifics are set forth in the e-mails . Please let me know if you have any questions or need any additional information . Best regards , Susan
Attached is our format
I'll verify with Susan ASAP
Melba: The product description requires the following change in part ( iii ) regarding the Enron principal: "...Enron Japan Corp . as agent for Risk Management & Trading Corp . . .." Please submit the revised description to me . Thanks . Sara
Chris: Please call . The parties need to exchange documents and the boilerplate ( which we are unable to send ) requires execution . If you must trade today , we could exchange fax signatures and your counterparty can fax evidence of authority to enter into the master and transactions . In any event , we need to execute duplicate originals , one for each party . Sara
Special Provisions for Confirmation of this Transaction: Notwithstanding any other provision contained in the Agreement , unless Counterparty executes this Confirmation and transmits the executed Confirmation to ENA via facsimile to the facsimile number hereinbelow provided prior to 5:00 p.m ( CST ) on December 15 , 2000 , this Confirmation and theTransaction evidenced herein shall be completely null and void and without force and effect . ENA's telephone and facsimile number for purpose of confirming Transaction: __________________________________
Melba: This looks fine . Sara
Thanks so much ! Sara
Sam: We need to send an execution package Fed Ex for Tuesday morning delivery . The file is in my office as I need to speak with these guys on Monday . Chris Foster is the Enron contact in Portland . Thanks . Sara
John Suttle spoke with Jeffrey Pak . All is fine . Sara
Kaye: the attached "Enron forward" document below needs to be compared against the "forward template" that you saved in my directory today ( confirms/equity) . I have an 11 a.m . meeting with Clint et al on Monday . I'd like to have the comparison before the meeting , if possible . Please let me know if this is possible . Sara
Kaye: I would like to schedule a meeting after Christmas ( Dec . 27 0r 28 if possible ) with the following people; Samantha Boyd Stephanie Panus Cheryl Nelson Cassandra Schultz ( X30429 - you'll need to call her assistant )
Richard: Have you sent a letter ? The first payment should be due ( for the month of November , 2000 , billed in early December , 2000) . Sara
Hey , Brant: We still have some of the same issues . Sara
Susan: I need to review with Brant but here's your copy . Sara
Phil: I was just checking to see when we would execute the amendment to the Security Agreement ( to permit the rehypothecation of securities) . Please let me hear from you . Regards , Sara
Ed: Please respond to item ( 2 ) regarding EWEB . Thanks . Sara P.S . EWEB has not commented on the CSA .
Holli: I have still not received the above-mentioned comments . I have also not received EWEB's proposed form of legal opinion . I will go ahead and blackline the Schedule once again . When the lawyers last spoke , we agreed to execute all docs prior to the end of the year . Would you please call EWEB and inquire about these items ? Thanks . Sara
Holli: Please verify that the earliest TRADE DATE with EWEB was October 30 , 2000 ( which was approved by the EWEB Board on October 3 , 2000 according to the December 5 , 2000 resolution) . I have a copy of the resolution . Thanks . Sara
A second EWEB question: EWEB wants the definition of "Applicable Rate" to remain without changing to the Non-default Rate if the payee is the defaulting party . They say they must have a "balanced rate" . Please let me hear from you . Sara
We need to send today BUT we need an immediate cover letter ( itemizing every step to be taken ) and sample resolution format to email to the counterparty and lawyer . I'll review the letter . I have an 11 am meeting but should be back in an hour . Let me know if you have questions . Sara
Maria: Can you provide me with a blackline of one of the confirms below marked against the draft which Enron marked up and faxed to Steve on September 1 , 2000 ? The current format contains a number of changes and it would be easier to review . The directory on that document reads "Ext . ID[.]" . We want to respond quickly , today being our goal . Thanks . Sara
Per our discussion - Sara
Beth Ann: Here's UBS's "redraft" which also requires review . Please call me in a few hours if I haven't contacted you . Thanks . Sara
Phil: Why don't you execute ( duplicate originals ) and overnight to me ? I'll return an original to you tomorrow ( overnight) , as well . I'm located , specifically , at: 1400 Smith Street , EB 3801a Please call if you need anything . Thanks . Sara
FYI only - no response required Please advise if I'm copying you on too many "equity related" emails . Sara
Chris: The master you are referring to was drafted in March , 1999 in the name of "Air Liquide America Corp." and needs to be updated from both a credit and legal perspective . Last time , Kelly Minear had to visit the counterparty's office to review financials since the company was private . We will need an updated credit worksheet to prepare a new draft . Tracy and Ed: Will one of you update the prior credit to begin the process ? Thanks . Sara
Sam: Don't you have a new address by now ? I remember you said that you were moving into a plush high-rise overlooking the great southern city of Atlanta , home of the Peach Bowl ! Please email me and let me know . A belated thanks for the birthday card . I had a fabulous birthday in Napa Valley at Auberge d'Soleil with my little sister and friends . We drank wonderful wines and dined in great restaurants - and had great weather . Hope you're doing well . Have you started any new business ventures ? Maybe taken Wendy's to Amelia Island Plantation ? Or better yet , purchased the water rights to Palm Springs ? I'm just hangin' in Houston , same old job , etc . I joined my two friends Monty and Keith for our annual birthday celebration at Galatoire's about two weeks ago . It's always great fun . I think I get to plan a reunion of Gordon , Arata et al ex-pats . There are about thirty of us scattered around the country . My regards to Beverly and Helen . Sara
Maria and Steve: Attached are blacklines of the two forwards . Sorry for the delay . I'll call Clint and we'll try to call . Sara
Christine: Attached are Enron Corp.'s comments to your form of forward . I'll try to have Jeff and'or Clint available for a conversation . Thanks . Sara
I am looking for this blue file for a year-end negotiation with CSFB/Enron Corp . Does anyone have this file ? Please let me know ASAP . Thanks . Sara
Jim: In connection with our disussion regarding Market Quotation and "Reference Market - makers" in the Schedule ( specifically Enron's request to delete clause ( b ) to the Section 12 definition) , I am advised that it would be difficult to locate four leading dealers with offices in the same city . With respect to the outstanding trades , for example , we would like to know which city has four leading dealers for quoting Mid-Columbia prices ? Please let us know . Thanks . Sara
Beth Ann: Here's the support sent by UBS . You may already have already reviewed . Sara
FYI Susan Flynn sent a draft of this ISDA on 5/11/00 . Credit will be sending a new credit worksheet shortly . We'll need to create a new draft . Sara
Marlene: I'll call Lesley with my comments . What is the second attachment called "Cancellable" relating to Captiva III Finance CBO ? Sara
It might be helpful if you dated the doc with the effective date of the authorizations . Sara
Marlene: The language is fine . We will retain this as a template for Transactions have an Optional Early Termination Date . Please send the revised confirm(s ) to our desk . Sara
Christine hasn't reached David Kelly but is trying to meet with him today . I need to send comments but I was hoping to speak with V&E first . Jim is available in the am . Jim has not heard from CSFB .
Trigger/Determined Amount inverse relationship: "In the event the Trigger Price is increased to equal the Other Trigger Price , the Determined Amount shall be reduced so that the Effective Share Price is increased in direct proportion to the increase in the Trigger Price . The "Effective Share Price" shall be the result obtained by dividing X by Y where "X" equals the product of the Price Per Share multiplied by the Number of Shares , and "Y" equals the Number of Shares plus the Determined Amount." Paragraph 3(a ) first paragraph , 3rd sentence replacement: "In the event that , but for this Section 3 , titled "Other Provisions," Party B would be obligated to deliver a number of Shares equal to the Determined Amount plus the Excess Shares , Party B shall have an ongoing obligation to satisfy delivery of the Excess Shares; provided however that the number of Excess Shares to be delivered hereby shall not exceed [________] shares . Party B may , at its sole option , satisfy delivery of the Excess Shares by using its best efforts to increase its Authorized Shares or by delivery of a cash payment equal to the [product obtained by multiplying the Excess Shares by the Final Price]."
FYI only
Jim: I have not seen any Enron Corp./CSFB agreements . ENA has two different agreements with CSFB: ( 1 ) ISDA dated4/21/93 . This had: NY law , submission to non-exclusive jurisdiction of NY courts/waiver of objections to venue , limitation of liability ( 2 ) Futures Agreement dated 9/21/00 . This had: NY law , arbitration , limitation of liability
Christine Lee has arranged for the UBS lawyer , David Kelly , to be available for a conference call on Dec . 21 at 9 a.m . HOUSTON TIME ( 10 a.m NY TIME) . Enron will call Christine at UBS . Christine has discussed our document ( markup of forward confirmation emailed to everyone on 12/19/00 ) with the lawyer . Jim: Can we get your small conference room ? Sara
Clint Freeland ( who is trying to remain optomistic ) would like to have signature pages for the forwards executed prior to final negotiation . We are drafting Bear . We can print signature pages for CSFB and UBS which are on single pages . Lehman will be emailed ( I think ) tomorrow . Please follow up with me please . Thanks for your help . Sara
Jim: Attached is a revised Schedule . We have accepted most of your changes . I believe that the outstanding issues include: 1 . Please note the revised Threshold which we previously discussed . 2 . We accepted Portland as a forum for arbitration . 3 . We need to discuss your invoicing procedure . 4 . We are waiting to comment back on the revised reps pending receipt of the CSA and legal opinion . 5 . We have added some language to the recording provision to acknowledge internal recording destruction policies . 6 . We have not revised the Reference Market-maker provision . Have you had a chance to consider my email of 12/19/00 ? Please let us know when we will receive the remaining documentation so that we can finalize our negotiations . Regards . Sara
Chris: We emailed the Schedule on Dec . 18 . We Fed Exp'd the "package" ( except the ENE guaranty which is being executed ) on Dec . 19 to the lawyer at your direction . Sara
Sorry , I had an incorrect address . Sara
Mark; I thought you should see this - Sara
the latest from CSFB - Sara
Melissa: Attached is a format that would be great !
I'll talk to you in the morning . Sara
Here's the reason the Lehman MASTER AGREEMENT has not been executed . SS
I need an ENA signature ( Chase master amendment that Tana was working on ) tomorrow and maybe Enron Corp .
Holli: As you know , Enron is closed on 12/26/00 . I'll try to schedule a call for 12/27/00 . I have not received the CSA yet so we cannot do anytning on that front . Also , will you please tell me where the dealers able to quote Mid-C are located ( since EWEB has not answered my prior email) ? Thanks . Sara
Enron is closed on Tuesday 12/26/00 . We can talk on Wednesday 12/27/00 , at your convenience . Also , I will be out of the office on Friday 12/29/00 . Will I have your CSA before 3 pm Houston Time today ? Regards . Sara
Beth Ann: I received your message and tried to speak with CSFB and Jim Armogida . In each instance , unfortunately , I had to leave voice mails . It was just about 2 hours ago that I told CSFB that we were done ( having left the negotiation of Paragraph 10.1 to Jim) ! I am forwarding the latest UBS comments to you just in case I have the urge to call you for advice . Have a Merry Christmas . I'm off to New Orleans this evening for the holiday weekend . In fact , there's a new Susan Spicer restaurant called "Herbsaint" and I should be dining there in about 6 hours . Thanks for your help . Sara
Holli: I have not heard back from Jim Deason on the CSA or comments to our Schedule . I will not be in on Friday , Dec . 29 . I think one of your transactions takes effect in January . Please let me hear from you . Sara
Friday , 11/22/00 was an Exchange holiday . "Preceding" is fine as the business day convention as long as the change is made in all of the relevant swaps . SS
Tracy Ross at RBC ( I spoke with her this morning) . SS
Please check this latest draft and call me at ( 713 ) 853-5620 . Thanks . Sara Sara
This was received Friday evening . Clint has not seen but we have been discussing this morning . Sara
Further to my email of 12/21/00,attached is the revised Schedule . Please let me know if you have any problems with the document . Sara
here's the draft I resent to Bear . Sara
Holli: Will you be on this call ? Also , you never answered my question about reference market makers . Please call me early today . Thanks . Sara
I have been called for Jury Duty on January 16 , 2001 .
Sam: I accidentally deleted this CP from the list ( when I was trying to delete CSFB from the ISDA section) . You will need to reconstruct . I'm sorry . Sara
Ken: Please let me hear from you as soon as possible today . I will not be in the office on Friday , Dec . 29 . In connection with the blacklined confirmation which we discussed yesterday , please ( 1 ) verify that there are no changes ( or if there are changes , we need to discuss ) ( 2 ) provide Bear's information for Paragraph 8 ( Offices ) ( 3 ) advise if you wish for us to finalize the document or if you would prefer to do so We would like to exchange faxed signatures today , if at all possible . Thanks . Sara
Maria is expecting your call . Sara
Add some liquidity for me ! Have a Happy New Year ! Sara P.S . Who knows: you may run into Susan B .
In connection with the two ( 2 ) swap confirmations which you are revising ( from a "Deemed ISDA" format to a regular ISDA format) , I ask that you please contact Stephanie to review the final forms . Please note the following: ( 1 ) Melissa's prior "Deemed ISDA" drafts ( dated Nov . 22 , 2000 ) show ENA swap nos . as 447459.4 and 447459.02 . One of your confims doesn't match: it says 447459.04 . Please verify the correct number . ( 2 ) You can eliminate the "Payment Date(s)" section from the General Terms because individual Payment Dates appear in both the Fixed and Floating Details . After either Tana or Stephanie have approved , please email to EWEB as follows ( with a copy to Holli Krebs): NOTE TO STEPHANIE: copies of my markups and the Deemed ISDA's are located in a file entitled "EWEB confirmations" . Also , the ISDA has not been signed but will be dated October 30 , 2000 .
EWEB has requested a blackline of the ISDA and is ready to sign next week . Your MAC references the "Electric System" which is defined in the Bond Indenture which I sent to you earlier today . It looks to me like the Electric System includes physical and intangible assets acquired by the Board as a separate utility system , including generating and transmission facilities and the Trojan Project ( not sure what this is) . I've asked Stephanie to revise our docs to incorporate these definitions . Please review the CSA when Stephanie sends it to you ( and comment ) and I can send first thing on Tuesday . Thanks . Sara Stephanie: Please send Ed a copy of the blacklined CSA when you are done .
Dick: Sorry that I didn't have a chance to call you again today . After reviewing the appendix ( Board resolution summary) , I would like to request an opinion from EWEB's bond counsel that swap/other transaction payments are payable from the Operating Fund ( together and in parity with other operating costs ) and precede EWEB's debt service payments . Also , can you please describe EWEB's Master Resolution ( relevant to long term bonded indebtedness ) as this is to be referenced in Larry Cable's legal opinion . I will be back in the office on Tuesday , Jan . 2 . Have a happy new year . Thanks . Sara
Stephanie: Happy New Year ! I have assigned you to this former Marie Heard file . We need to overnight copies of the master agreement ( boilerplate and all ) to Neel Lemon in Dallas . He does not need ENA's or the CP's background documentation . You can send the ENE guaranty . This company has undergone a franchise tax restructuring and has survived as a limited partnership which we are in the process of evaluating . I'll bring the file to you . Details to follow soon . SS
All: Following is a list of outsanding items: ( 1 ) ISDA Master Agreement ( Schedule and Credit Support Annex ) I need to better understand EWEB's proposed settlement language . ENA generally sends an invoice when the counterparty owes a payment ( but not when ENA owes a payment) . The invoice reflects the outstanding transactions for a given Calculation Period and the net amount owed . ENA can generate this invoice in all cases . Does EWEB intend that BOTH parties always send reciprocal invoices ? Is is necessary that the Calc Agent ALSO make a phone call ? What does EWEB's language "separate invoices and documentation covering each Transaction sufficient to permit the other party to comply with its interanl accounting and record keeping procedures concerning individual Transactions" mean ? Please call me to resolve . When can we execute ? ( 2 ) Cable Huston legal opinion: please add ( 1 ) opening paragraph: "(iii ) the Confirmations for Transactions ENA Contracts Nos . 447459.02 and 447459.4 each dated October 30 , 2000 . .." ( 2 ) Paragraph 12 prior to the period in the first sentence: "as those terms are defined in the Master Resolution adopted by the EWEB Board on June 16 , 1986 , as supplemented" ( 3 ) the two ( 2 ) confirmations These require execution by EWEB . When will this be done ? ( 4 ) Bond Counsel opinion Dick , I sent you an email on Friday . ENA is pleased to discuss with your counsel . Please refer to Larry's legal opinion: the deleted Paragraph 10 of the December 21 , 2000 draft and the Paragraph 12 of the December 30 , 2000 draft for the type of information requested . Please let me know if I have left out any items . I would like to finalize documentation today . Regards . Sara
LaureL: Please let me know where you end up ( ENA , Enron Corp. , ECT Investments ) so that I can be clear in Lotus Notes and the files for future reference . Thanks . Sara
We will overnight the agreement to you . Sara
Dick: Please call me about the settlement issue . I spoke with Jim earlier and he deferred to you entirely . Thanks . Sara
Sara Shackleton Enron North America Corp . 1400 Smith Street , EB 3801a
Cheryl: Can we meet for a few minutes after 9 am tomorrow ? Sara
Phil: Happy New Year ! And back to old business . ENA is holding the amendment pending receipt from you of the attached Exhibit A ( describing the collateral) . I had previously left you a message but I'm sure it was lost in the year-end madness . Please forward the attachment so that we have a complete document . Thanks . Sara
Stephanie: I have reviewed the attachment and it is correct . We should attach and return one to Phil . We need one copy for the file , credit and Soma . I'm not sure who else might need but we can check with Soma . Sara
Chris: I checked with Samantha . The counterparty is holding two orignal ISDA documents ( complete with boilerplate and Schedule/CSA ) and ENA resolutions ( in the form of unanimous consents ) and incumbency . Sam will check on the ENE guaranty . There is nothing more that we can do unless you want us to call the Please advise . Sara
Angela: Unless Mary has addressed already or a different plan is in place , can you handle ? Sara
Jeff: In connection with the instructions given by London to Shane Dallmann , note that the instruction for ENA to transact the Euro hedges was given by Peter Russell . Please advise as to whether these should be RMT transactions and which Enron affiliate should be involved . Thanks . Sara
Terry: Clint Freeland asked that we resend our forward confirmation template to you . It is attached below . Also , we will send a draft of our ISDA Master Agreement ( Schedule only , no boilerplate ) to you shortly . Can you provide me with the name of your attorney so that we can email directly ? It seems that Enron North America Corp . is currently negotiating an ISDA with First Union National Bank and sent a new ISDA draft to the attention of Delene Travella on 11/08/00 . There may be an efficient way to handle both master agreements simultaneously . I look forward to hearing from you . Regards , Sara
Clint: Will ENE be transacting with First Union National Bank or First Union Securities , Inc. ? I need to know the correct legal entity . Sara
Clint: ENA is in complete agreement with DB on its ISDA . Do you still want an ISDA for ENE ?
Per my voice mail . Sara
Mara: Got your voice mail and wanted to let you know that Cheryl Nelson will be handling this file . Cheryl will give you a call . Sara ps Her phone number is 713-345-4693
Attached is my redraft of the confirmation . Janelle needs to fill in some gaps and I have left her a voice mail . Please comment . Sara
Jason: I would like to meet with you on January 8 , 9 or 10 to bring Cheryl Nelson and me up to date on the remaining files so that Cheryl can take these back . Please call me when you are back in the office . Hope you had a great New Year!!!!!!! ! Sara
Attached is my latest ( and hopefully final ) list tracking brokerage agreements . Jason , when we meet , we can update with accurate information ! Sara
Cheryl: Jason cannot meet tomorrow . However , pick a time for next week and Jason will accomodate us . I am open any time on Jan . 8 , 9 or 10 . I'll email Jason once I hear from you . Thanks . Sara
Dick: After our conversation , I spoke with our settlements people again who requested an EWEB invoice when Enron owes money to EWEB . I propose that we add a section to the Schedule entitled "Accounts" ( Part 3(h) ) as follows: "Prior to each payment date for any Transaction , Party A ( ENA ) shall provide Party B with an invoice reflecting the net payment owed by a party . Notwithstanding the foregoing , Party B shall provide Party A with an invoice prior to any payment date on which Party A owes a net payment to Party B . With respect to all payments hereunder , and except as otherwise directed in writing , the parties shall comply with the following payment instructions: [bank , account no. , ABA no.]" Please provide me with EWEB's account data and let me know if you have any comments . I'll send the blackline immediately after I hear from you . Also , I have not received EXECUTED CONFIRMATIONS . Have these been sent to anyone at Enron ? Sara
Happy New Year Dan ! Just checking to verify that you received the order form that I faxed to you on December 18 . Please confirm . Also , we brought a bottle of Freestone Hill to Pappas Steak House ( on New Year's Eve ) for everyone to try . The sommeliers raved . Regards . Sara
Stephanie: Below is forwarding info for both Lotus Notes and sending this ISDA . Sara FYI
Tanya: Per my voice mail , is any type of corporate guaranty required from this counterparty ? Does our Additional Event of Default require any changes ? Sara
Jason: Let's meet on Monday , Jan . 8 at 2 pm in my office . Sara
Dick: Yes , please let me know who received the executed confirm ( or you can fax me copies at 713-646-3490) . We'll insert your bank info when we hear from you today and I'll Fed Exp execution copies this evening . Thanks so much for your help . Sara
The Enron trading entity is "Enron North America Corp."
Earlier this year , I negotiated this agreement with GS&C . I cannot locate the agreement so GS&C is sending a copy . The Enron party is ENA . We now need to amend the authorized trader list which I will email to you . ENA's use of GS&C's platform is for trading US treasuries , agencies , money market , corporates , JGB's . We need to: ( 1 ) remove Harry Arora ( who was the sole authorized trader ) ( 2 ) add the following: Darren Delage Shane Dallmann Ellen Su Gary Hickerson THIS IS A VERY HIGH PRIORITY FOR GARY AND WE SHOULD TRY TO COMPLETE TODAY .
You only need the "authorized user annex" .
Tom: I'm trying to finalize the ISDA Master Agreement with these guys . We have one issue: If there is a long-term market disruption event ( i.e . over 3 days) , and we have no fallback price , then we negotiate a price and ENA would normally obtain 2 quotes and average them . Our position is that we prefer to obtain the quotes because if a disruption were to occur , we would obtain quotes for hundreds of deals in the same manner ( because our agreements will all have the same provisions ) and it is possible that 4 quotes may not be available . NYSEG would like for each of ENA and NYSEG to obtain 2 quotes and then average the 4 quotes . Are you agreeable to this ? Sara
Below is a document containing "General Terms and Conditions" which is ALWAYS attached to a financial confirmation when the parties have no executed master agreement . If Ed , Tracy or someone in credit needs to add credit to the transaction , then we ALSO attach an Annex B ( counterparty specific credit provisions) , Annex B-1(collateral and exposure provisions ) and a letter of credit format . I am only attaching the General Terms and Conditions . Let me know if you still want to see the ISDA Master Agreement ( preprinted boilerplate consisting of an agreement and Credit Support Annex which I cannot email ) together with a sample Schedule and Paragraph 13 to the Credit Support Annex ( which are the two "customized" pieces negotiated by legal ) .  Thanks . Sara
Kaye: I'm having trouble printing the attached . Thanks .
Tana: Mike E . Kelly ( mid market power ) would like access to the database . Would you please request ? Maybe some of the other power traders are interested . Thanks . Sara
Vivian: I have not received the copy of our executed electronic trading agreement . Please let me know if there is a problem . Thanks . Sara
Per the voice and emails left for Gareth Bahlmann , you may direct ISDA documentation to my attention . Enron North America Corp . is the legal entity . You may use the address information below . Our ISDA template will provide notice information pursuant to Paragraph 12 of the multicurrency form . You may use me as a contact lawyer initially; the transaction lawyer should contact you shortly .
To my knowledge , we will trade these instruments via internal broker platforms ( i.e. , ENA traders will trade online rather than over the phone) , such as Goldman Sachs , or directly over the phone . All trades will be confirmed either online or verbally and ENA will receive a daily statement reflecting trades done the previous day . ENA does not prepare a confirmation but will need to check out the broker statements . I believe that these debt securities are issued in either book-entry form ( in variable denominations ) or as registered certificates ( e.g. , undivided interests in a mortgage pool) . We will trade US agencies and Japanese bonds with Goldman . Please let me know if you have any questions .
Ed: Mike Kelly wants to trade with the above counterparty . We have no master . How do you want to handle ? Sara
Mary: Please respond to Elliot . Thanks . Sara
Actually , Bob was handling and he knows you will handle . I believe that this master was based upon the Cargill , Incorporated master . SS
Attached is a discussion outline for our meeting tomorrow . Short of micromanagement , I tried to identify areas which might benefit from specific attorney oversight .
Susan: Please prepare a draft ISDA for the above parties with: ( 1 ) no CSA and ( 2 ) bilateral cross-default at US$100 million . I am presently reviewing CP comments to the ENA master and may have some changes for you tomorrow . We will send this out on Tuesday . Clint: First Union Securities Inc . is the bank's marketing arm and is NOT the correct ISDA counterparty .
I'd like to attend .
Marcia: Mike Kelly asked that I send you a copy of our GTC's for financial trades which must be attached to all confirmations ( in the absence of an executed ISDA Master Agreement) . ENA has been using these GTC's for quite some time . Please let me know if you have any questions . Sara
Russell: I just received a call from the lawyer for Florida Power & Light Company , the regulated utility . He told me that he was sending over ISDA documents for FPL Energy , the unregulated trading arm of the utility . Will you be handling credit on this one ? Sara
I'm not sure who is handling but we need to add Jorge as a signatory for ENA ( Jorge is inHickerson's group) . Let me know when this is completed and if you have any questions . Thanks . Sara
Boy , he sure didn't waste any time ! Let me know what we need to do . Sara
And there's more !
Call me about this one because Janelle needs to review carefully . Sara
I'll handle . Thanks .
Jeff: Do you have an answer yet ? Sara
Marcus: DTE Energy Trading has told us that they have executed emissions confirms with ENA . I am trying to review the GTCs that are sent out when these transactions are done . Can you please forward a copy ? Thanks . Sara
Thanks , Russell . That was precisely the answer I was looking for . SS
Tanya: Enron Corp , ( global finance ) has a FASB 125 structured deal executed in Dec. , 2000 which requires amendment for tax purposes . A new total return equity swap on EOG stock will need to be executed between ENA and Rabo . ENA must be the swap counterparty ( "normal course of business" ) for the legal opinion which must be issued for the structure . I would like to send Rabo our ISDA format so as to avoid any surprises; time is short . I assume we do not want a CSA but will require an Enron Corp . guaranty . Do we want cross default and Credit Event Upon Merger to apply to the parties ? Do we want to add/eliminate additional events of default ? The ultimate Schedule will probably look very different from our standard but we need to urge our format as much as possible . Please call me to update . This update is currently scheduled to close next Friday . Thanks . Sara
Melissa: You may want to follow up with Amy . She should have received my comments last night . SS
She forgot both of you!!!!!!!!!! !
the attachment ?
Cheryl: I'll deliver to you . Sara
Kaye: I need to revise this report and I will email changes for the ag section . SS
Please let me review final . Thanks . SS
Dear Mr . Rosenberg: I'm signed up with PayPal and you should have received confirmation . Please ignore shipping instructions accompanying PayPal because I had a problem trying to change the shipping address . The correct shipping address for the Pavia Federal Express is listed below ( together with other information): I enjoyed speaking with you . Please let me know if you have any problems . I will put together a list soon . Regards . Sara
FYI - I have a futures agreement for Gary which he needs now so I'll handle as I don't know if you are overwhelmed . We still need to talk sometime . SS
Chris: There is a March 26 , 1993 Master Commodity Price Swap Agreement between ERMS and Praxair , Inc . However , it is limited to natural gas price swap transactions . This is an extremely old , outdated form of agreement . Sara
Tracy/Chris: We would replace the old ERMS agreement with an ISDA . Tracy: If you need a copy of the existing credit terms , please let me know .
Cheryl/Sam: Please update Sheila . SS
Kaye: Please remind Mike and me if I end up serving on a jury next week . SS
I've left a message for Dave Adams ( legal ) to call back AND described to him the following situation: ENA and NRG have executed OVER 130 financial deals both online ( EOL ) and offline WITHOUT EVER CHANGING ANY OF THE GTC's . In the absence of an executed master agreement , we never want the GTC's to change ! The reason is that bankruptcy protection for swap agreements requires a single agreement for all swap transactions . If you don't have an ISDA master agreement in place , you want your single set of GTC's to be viewed by a court as a single agreement . Having different versions of the GTC's does not look like a single agreement . I will try to convince Dave Adams that we should retain our GTC's but move forward on an ISDA which would then govern all online and offline trades .
Carol: A rude awakening to the fact that you don't have a phone ! Please stop by because I think you can help ! Sara
Jason: I received the A&K package the other day . Thanks very much . According to my list , you still have the following files: Dynegy Canada , Inc.* Weather Services International Wabash Valley Power Assoc . Moore Global Investments , Ltd . *Please prepare an exit memo to the file **Please call Brent Hendry to determine status Subject to your conversation with Brent , please return the remaining files to my attention . Please call me if you have any questions . Thanks . Sara
Cheryl: Jason Peters is returning a partially negotiated agreement for a service which provides weather data ( I think) . When I receive it in the morning , I'll forward it to you for completion . The weather traders are calling about it . Sara
Kevin: Please clarify for me: 2 quotes from Enron only or 2 quotes from Enron and 2 quotes from NYSEG Thanks . Sara
Jane: Happy New Year back ! Hope you are looking forward to a great 2001 . After re-reading the string of emails , I am pleased to tell you that real help has arrived . We have just added three new lawyers to our group and Carol St . Clair has just returned from maternity leave . Carol will handle the credit insertion to the ISDA Schedule and you can correspond with her directly . Also , please let Carol have the info on our local counsel so that one of you can obtain a quick review of the credit portion . Thanks for being so patient . Regards . Sara
Tanya: I know you're swamped so I'll try to make this easy and you can answer "yes" or "no" , etc . 1 . Is First Union National Bank the correct name ? ( as opposed to First Union National Bank , Charlotte ) 2 . Threshold for cross default: We used $100,000,000 for ENE and 3 . Documents to be delivered: FUNB will produce audited/consolidated financials for First Union Corporation . We requested FUNB financials . 4 . With respect to the ENA master only ( the CSA): ( i ) FUNB wants to post 10-year government bonds in addition to cash and ( ii ) I sent you the FUNB matrix Is it acceptable ? ( iii ) FUNB wants to revise the MAC trigger to include "Baa3 by Moody's" and "failure to have a Credit Rating from either S&P or Moody's" . ( iv ) FUNB wants to revise the definition of "Qualified Institution" to include not only the rating we assign , but also "having assets in excess of $10 billion" and also not subject to approval by the non-downgraded party ( v ) FUNB wants all demands for delivery or return of collateral to be made on a Valuation Date . I think we should retain language that demands can be made on or after a Valuation Date . But I think we could agree that demands be made prior to 5 pm New York time . 5 . With respect to the ENA master only ( the Enron Corp . guaranty in favor of First Union National Bank): ( i ) FUNB wants a $30,000,000 cap ( as opposed to the $15,000,000 cap we proposed ) Two different FUNB people keep calling me , one on the ENA front and the other with respect to ENE . Now you know why your assistance is always greatly appreciated . Sara
Hey , Clem: Hope you had a great New Year ! I'll try to make this easy so that you can respond "yes" or "no": ( 1 ) FUNB wants ENE remain liable for payments covering "any other damages , costs and attorney's fees" . Do you agree ? ( 2 ) FUNB only wants to make a demand for payment with no strings attached . I'll try to whittle the demand period down from five days to three . Do you agree: ( 3 ) Guaranty to be governed by NY law . Agreed ? I'm sure you enjoyed this little exercise if I hear back from you . Thanks . Sara
Ed: Please make sure that Susan knows the effective date of the assignment and that you are comfortable with having captured all outstanding trades as of that date . Thanks . Sara
Have you heard from Amy ?
As a general proposition , I need to be advised of the activity on Gary's desk . Please let me know if you have responded to Sheila . I think the request is about two weeks old . Sara
It may be the first email but I gave this to Sam at our legal/credit meeting last week . She was going to wait for the meeting with Cassandra for approval and signature ( which was postponed) . But we can't postpone responding to the request . Sara
Tanya: I'd like to send our Schedule to Rabobank today since we will be off Monday , Jan . 15 and I have been called for jury duty on Tuesday , Jan . 16 . I will ask Angela Davis ( a finance lawyer with swap experience who is helping us out on the structured deals ) to handle this for me . I don't want to deal with Rabobank's form of Schedule as a basis for discussion and I am told that this deal closes Friday , Jan . 19. . A voice mail would be greatly appreciated . Thanks . Sara
Just a reminder that I go on Tuesday , Jan . 16 , and hopefully , return on Jan .
Jay: The first annex is ENA; the ECC annex is similar . Sara
Per my voice mail - Sara
Susan: Per Tanya's message below , please prepare a draft Schedule for the bank listed below . There is no CSA . Angela can help you with the choices . THIS IS A DEAL SPECIFIC ISDA SCHEDULE and not for general use . Angela: I know that this Schedule will never be accepted in total but it highlights the ENA priorities . You can forward to the Rabobank person who sent the email request the other day and David Barbour et al . I would appreciate if you could handle and I'll let you know when I'm back in the office for good . Thank you both . Sara
Just in case you couldn't locate the Rabobank info .
Mark: Per my vm , here's one request ( since I'll be out Tuesday morning )
Mark: Here's the other email . I have not yet received the NDA .
Jeff and Peter: Has this question been resolved ? Please let me hear from you . We need to make certain that these transactions are properly booked . Thanks . Sara
We are having some issues with NRG regarding financial confirmations . We have executed over 100 financial deals without problems but a recently hired attorney has begun paying attention to the docs . THE EASIEST WAY TO RESOLVE THIS SITUATION IS TO PUT AN ISDA IN PLACE . Could you please prepare credit as soon as possible . The Schedule/CSA should be sent to david.adams@enrgenergy.com . Thanks . Sara
I didn't know if this was duplication . Sara
Clem: Do you want to prepare or would you prefer that I handle ? Sara
As promised -
yes , please
Jeff: I'll call you later . Sara
Susan: Regarding "Energy New England LLC" , I found the attached . Please let me know what we actually prepared in the past ( if anything) . In any event , we will need the latest update as well as an update from credit . Sara
I'm searching for an ever EARLIER memo ! Sara
Attached is the draft
Ed: This counterparty does not want a CSA!!!!!!!! ! Can you please call Andre and discuss ? Sara
Tana: Would you please request Lotus Notes access for the individuals listed below ? Thanks . Sara
Frank and Francisco: Haven't seen you two in awhile ! ENA is considering a financial deal with an offshore entity located in Panama . We have no research for this jurisdiction . I will need to hire local counsel and send a deriviatives questionnaire for response . Have you used Panamanian counsel before ? Please send info . Sara
Sam: We need to send Sharen Cason the Deemed ISDA format to reconfirm this transaction . It is a domestic deal and I'd like to review your template before sending to Sharen . Please email to me on Monday so that we can send to Sharen . Thanks . Sara
Sam: I want to send this out today . Please let me review your work . Thanks . Sara
Have you been helped yet ? Please let me know . Thanks . Sara
Jim: We delivered a draft to our trader on 2/7/00 and I believe that you also received a copy . We would need to re-evaluate given the lapse of time since the prior draft . Thanks . Sara
Thanks . I'd like to attend today . SS
Tana: Thanks . Sara
Attached is our blackline of your NDA . You may contact me with comments . Thanks . Sara
Tanya: I spoke with FUNB on Friday . We are waitng for credit when you have some time . Thanks . Sara
Bill: Is there a reason why you don't want the ISDA 2000 Definitions/Annex A ( which supercede the 1991 and 1998 Definitions) ? Sara
Taffy: Can you please send copies of ALL THREE sets of ISDA definitions to Bill Bowes ? Thanks . Sara
Hi , Dee: A few pieces of information from credit . 1 . With respect to ENA's swap counterparty , we note that the rated entity per S&P is "First Union National Bank , Charlotte" . You need to let us know which entity is in fact the swap party . 2 . Regarding Threshold for cross default , $100,000,000 is fine . 3 . Regarding financials , if you want to provide us with First Union Corp . financials , we will need a guaranty and credit will switch to the guarantor . 4 . 10 year bonds are OK with a haircut ( probably 90 or 95%) . 5 . Credit is still reviewing the matrix 6 . Your changes to the MAC trigger are fine . 7 . Your comments to our definition of "Qualified Institution" have been rejected . 8 . The $30,000,000 cap on the Enron Corp . guaranty is fine . I'll try to follow up with you tomorrow . Sara
Ed: As I mentioned to you , CP want to utilize as much of the Cargill , Incorporated ISDA as possible . Cargill , Incorporated was hightly negotiated and does not provide for affiliate setoff . DO YOU WANT TO APPROVE THE SAME LANGUAGE FOR CP ? Please let me know so that we can send the amended master to CP . Thanks . Sara
Sam: Would you please verify for me that Lotus Notes is accurate ( i.e. , the information is correct ) with respect to Repo agreements and that we can locate all files . Be sure that global contracts has originals . Let me know when you will have this done . I will be negotiating some additional agreements . Thanks . Sara
Please let me review your final confirm before you send to Cargill-Alliant . Thanks . Sara
Let's go for definitely Friday !
Jason: Here's my suggestion for item ( ix ) [Additional Event of Default] event on page 2 of the Schedule: "In the case of Party B , Enron North America Corp . . .. . owns less than a majority interest in Party B unless within five ( 5 ) Local Business Days of such occurrence , Party B posts collateral with Party A ( i ) in an amount equal to Party A's Exposure under this Agreement plus $250,000 , but in no event greater than 125% of Party A's Exposure , and ( ii ) in a form satisfactory to Party A in Party A's reasonable discretion . "Exposure" shall mean for any relevant date for which Exposure is calculated , the amount , if any , that would be payable to Party A by Party B pursuant to Section 6(e)(ii)(2)(A ) of this Agreement as if all Transactions were being terminated as of the relevant date; provided that Market Quotation will be determined by Party A using its estimates at mid-market of the amounts that would be paid for Replacement Transactions ( as that term is defined in the definition of "Market quotation" ) in order to ensure that Party A does not suffer an economic penalty." I think that we agreed on everything else . Please send new blackline . Thanks . Sara
I'm hanging out but Mark is sick with a virus and we don't know when he'lllshow up . You might want to check on him and give him a cheerful hello . Inthe meantime , do you want to have dinner some time ? Sara To: Mark Taylor@ECT , Sara Shackleton@ECT cc: Subject: Think You're Having a Bad Day? ! Hope you are having a good day . Was there duck gumbo yesterday ? Talk to yosoon .
FYI
Stuart: Can we talk about the situation when you have about 15 minutes ? Sara
Looks good . Sara
Tana: When will this be executed ? ( Lotus Notes indicates not yet ) Enron Corp . needs an ISDA Agreement and I want to assign this to a paralegal . Thanks . Sara
ENA has an ISDA master agreement with an affiliate of CSFB ( but not CSFB) . Can you provide me with the name of a CSFB lawyer so that I can send over a form of ISDA Master Agreement with Enron Corp. ? Thanks . Sara
Stephanie: I need to assign two ISDA drafts for Enron Corp . agreements: Deutsche Bank AG Credit Suisse First Boston Please let me know . Thanks . Sara
Gosh , my memory is short !
Tanya: Enron Corp . has a 1/17/92 Interest Rate and Currency Exchange master wtih Paribas . I will fax to you the letter which I received regarding the above merger . Basically , Enron Corp.'s signature to this letter will indicate agreement to put all [existing , if any , and future] Transactions under this master but with all obligations becoming those of the surviving entity which is BNP and which changed its name to "BNP Paribas." Do you have any credit issues ? Sara
Mary Nell: Congrats on the promotion ! I know that it is well deserved and couldn't have happened to a more qualified person . Look forward to seeing you soon . Sara
Paul: This was the only "hedge fund" related item that I could find . I think that I may be the lucky recipient of Moore Global Investments . SS
Tana: Other than your email attached , have you had other discussions with Mark or credit about hedge funds ? Sara
Tanya: I believe that CSFB International is located in the UK . Can you please verify and indicate if it is a "financial institution" . Thanks . Sara
Bob: Thanks for the memo and we should discuss in a future meeting dedicated to form changes . If we adopt the 2000 Definitions in our Schedule , we will also need to change the existing reference in Part 6(f)(iii ) to "Negotiated Fallback" ( to Section Also , the term "Relevant Price" is used in the "Negotiated Fallback" definition . We should clarify whether we need to retain Part 6(f)(iv ) of the Schedule when using "Negotiated Fallback" or whether we intend that "Fallback Reference Dealers" be an entirely separate and distinct fallback ( i.e . the 4th fallback in our Schedule) .
I spoke with Ed and we should use ENA's standard setoff language . Please let me review your draft today before you email . Sara
Kim: I hope Portland was successful . I'd like to go ahead and schedule two lunch sessions with the confirm/settlements group: the first regarding basic financial agreements/confirmations and format , lingo , etc ( very general ) and the second more specific session addressing types of financial transactions and their basic structures . One day next week would be great and perhaps one or two weeks after the first session for the followup . Please send your dates and list of attendees . Please let me know if you have any questions or comments . Thanks . Sara
Terry: How about Thursday , January 25 at 2 pm Houston time ? Please verify . Thanks . Sara
Ed: I subsequently learned that you had previously prepared credit . Please ignore my voice mail . Sara
Sam: Have you discussed the comments with Ed or Tana ? We should try to respond to counterparty comments if possible . Sara
Clint: This call will be to discuss the confirm . We'll meet in my office . I'm still waiting for Terry to confirm . SS
Mary: one quick note - I have a "blue file" pilot checkout process ready and I was going to email our group to implement . Let me know if you need to talk beforehand . SS
No - who was the paralegal ?
Chris: Long time no see ! Congratulations on your promotion . Hope all is going well . Sara
Eric: I spoke too fast . I don't have a "sample" Annex B-1 ( Collateral and Exposure Provisions ) but will send the customized version this evening . Sara
Ed: For purposes of this "omnibus" Transaction , Con Ed requests cross-default to ENA's guarantor and elimination of setoff for the non-defaulting party's affiliates . Samantha needs a worksheet for the Transaction before she can prepare Annex B and B-1 . We're sending tonight together with the ISDA Schedule and CSA . Sam: We need to use the same carve-out for setoff in Annex B-1 as in the Schedule . Sara
We need to send the ISDA Schedule and CSA and Annex B and B-1 to the following people: Ed Sacks Janelle Scheuer Tom May
FYI
Another addressee -
Carol: Attached is a sample questionnaire .
Terry: Please verify that the call tomorrow works for you . If so , I can call you at whatever phone number you designate . Thanks . Sara
Janelle and Tom: Ed Sacks and I need to speak with you in the a.m . about a few issues . I have questions about market disruption because Con Ed has asked: ( 1 ) that Market Quotation apply rather than Loss ( in the event of Early Termination ) Is this a very liquid market ? ENA agrees to market quotation only for FX and short term deals in liquid markets ( e.g. , gas ) ( 2 ) to jointly determine when a Market Disruption has occurred ( after consultation ) Usually ENA as the Calculation Agent makes this determination in good faith . ( 3 ) to identify two brokers/pricing platforms for purposes of determining the daily MTM Each party typically assesses its own MTM for valuation purposes ( whether for collateral calls or termination , etc.) . Sounds like Ed and I need to know what was said to Con Ed about marking ( 4 ) I think Con Ed was headed in the direction of asking that we each provide dealer quotes ( rather than ENA coming up with two quotes in good faith ) as a Disruption Fallback . Tom , I think we discussed this in a different situation . Ed and I agreed to conference at 10 am Houston time to discuss these and the draft docs ( which were e-mailed to you) .
Shari: It looks like Bob worked on the company above . It it affiliated with Consolidated Energy Company of New York , Inc . and Con Edison Energy Solutions , Inc ?
Kaye: 10 am is good . Would you please invite the paralegals and lawyers in the swap group "to please plan to attend a meeting to discuss and learn about Confirmations and Transactions" at 10 am tomorrow , etc .
Janelle and Ed: I have received two voice mails from Con Ed inquiring about resolution of the outstanding issues ( I left each of you voice mails about these) . I'm not revising any documents until I hear back from you . Janelle: Please let me know if I need to take any further action . Thanks .
FYI
Susan: Did you ever receive this from Paul ? If not , you should please call him . Sara
FYI
Paul: Could you please resend the hedge fund email ? Thanks . Sara
Per: I am told that Mark Taylor sent an email in December to Bob Shultz at EOL addressing the hedge fund issues ( and CTA issues ) associated with online trading and that you and Caroline received that email . Apparently the hedge fund crises of last year have heightened regulatory scrutiny of the funds' derivatives activity . EOL does not want to be subjected to any regulatory oversight . I have not seen the email yet . I will broach the subject with Mark when he returns to the office .
Scroll down for the Mark Taylor explanation
In an effort to avoid loss of our executed agreements/files ( master agreements , brokerage and futures agreements , repo agreements) , we are testing out the "library approach" and instituting a checkout procedure . Whenever you remove one of these files from the file cabinet , please "hold the file location" with a signed "card" ( legal sized ) available on top of the master agreement file cabinet . You will also see a large sign reminding you to sign out for your file . When the file is returned , just replace the "card" with the file and delete your name from the "card" . Please be sure to check out all files currently in your office . Thanks for your cooperation .
10 am Houston time ?
Mark and Mark: Per is continuing to pursue hedge funds offline and called me yesterday about EOL hedge fund trading . Credit referred me to Mark's earlier message addressing the issues . As you can see , Per will want to meet next week to discuss .
Melissa: You can insert into confirm as well as our account into . Sara
after "Payment Date(s)": Payments: For each Determination Period , on the applicable Payment Date with respect to this Transaction , a net amount owed for each of Part 1 and Part 2 hereinbelow will be determined pursuant to Section 2(a ) of Annex A attached hereto , and those two payments shall be payable on the applicable Payment Date
FYI - and if you can't review this one before you leave today , drop off in my office . Thanks . Sara
Melba: This looks fine . Sara P.S . Are there other financial powere products with a 10 Business Day payment period ?
Mr . Swanston: The changes are fine . Please prepare execution copies and forward for signature . Let me know if you have any questions . Sara
Jeff: I have a copy of an "equity swap" between ENE and JEDI SPV I , LLC dated April 20 , 2000 which wants to be a "forward" , and which terminates on Sept . 11 , 2000 . The transaction is for 12,012,804 shares and a Notional USD Can you send me a copy of the JEDI LP "forward" which appears on Jill's list ? Is it meant to be the confirm above ? Sara
we can email this doc and the comparison ( i.e. , her markup and the above doc ) to Sylvia Dooley . Please let me know if you have any questions . Sara
Sylvia: Shortly Samantha Boyd will email to you two documents: Enron North America Corp.'s final form of guaranty with most of your requested changes ( the "ENA Guaranty" ) and a comparison of your guaranty markup against the ENA Guaranty . I am hopeful that this will be satisfactory for purposes of the deal at hand . Let me know if you have any questions or comments . Thanks . Sara
Just checking to see if you had wrapped this up or if I needed to do anything further . Sara
Ed: CA has responded with the following comments: ( 1 ) Additional Event of Default - CA will accept if minimum ratings are set at BBB- or Baa3 . ( 2 ) Financials - no Cargill entities provide quarterly financials as a matter of practice . ( 3 ) Setoff - will not agree to our usual affiliate setoff language but will agree to setoff under the ISDA or other agreements . CA has not accepted our cross default threshold language or guaranty pending a determination from their credit group . Please let me know your response . Thanks . SS
Jason: I had only a few comments ( attached) . Also , thanks for your help on Moore Capital .
Rose: Please email to me the latest draft of the ISDA Schedule/Paragraph 13 so that we can comment . Also , information about your outside Bahamian counsel would be appreciated . Thanks .
Jason: Regarding the above party , ENA submitted arbitration and the response was to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of NY courts and waive jury trial . You have this highlighted in yellow and flagged the jury trial waiver . Can you recall if you spoke with Richard about this issue ?
Hey , Stewart: It looks like Tana has been corresponding with these guys about EOL trading . Modesto was planning to address the ISDA after working with Tana on the electronic trading agreement . By copy of this message , Tana should let you know if anything recent has happened on the ISDA front . Let me know if you need anything further . Regards . SS
wTechnologies conf . agreement Please see the message from Lewis Swanston below and call if you have any questions . Sara
Jack: I was rushing and sent you my business address . Please enter my 2-year subscription to Art On Paper and send to my residence at: Sara Shackleton 3915 Coleridge Houston , Texas 77005
Clem: Per my voice mail , please respond to the remaining issues raised by ConEd's lawyer: ( 1 ) "Guarantor agrees that its obligations are unconditional and will not be discharged except by complete payment of the amounts payable under the Contract , [without setoff of the amount payable under the Contract] irrespective of any claims as to the Contract's validity , regularity or enforceability or the lack of authority of Enron to execute or deliver the Contract , or any change or amendment to the Contract ( whether or not approved by or known to Guarantor).' Response: the bracketed language is unacceptable . What about the bolded language ? ( 2 ) "This Guaranty shall continue to be effective if the Guarantor merges or consolidates with or into another entity , loses its separate legal identity or ceases to exist." Response: not sure if this will remain effective if a merger occurs and therefore not binding ( e.g. , merger without assumption ) ( 3 ) What are you looking for when requiring an "explanation of why such payment is due" in the demand section ( paragraph 2) ? Is it to identify the type of default suffered by ENA ? Thanks for your response and I'll let you know if this particular guaranty is still a rush . SS
Janelle: I reviewed the email of 1/19/01 from Ben Chu . There are only 2 items listed: ( 1 ) I will beef up the language to make it absolutely clear that ENA can select the price only if it hears from ConEd first . ( 2 ) I am not sure that I agree about the NY ISO changing pricing after 30 days . We will need to discuss . I have heard that this is not as frequent an occurrence as in the past and we are using the same mechanism as the ISDA procedure for change in prices . ( 3 ) Other than the foregoing , he had no other comments exept to say that he would review again .
A few items to consider for the paralegals: ( 1 ) We need to organize the various country opinions ( ISDA closeout netting , ENA jurisdictional survey , others ) so that they are accessible to the group . We should also have a checkout process for the opinions . We should have access to the ECTRIC opinion database ( which I believe is organized online) . I know that I can look in a particular file cabinet located near Susan for the various volumes of opinions , but where can I find an updated listing of all of the above ? ( 2 ) Impress upon everyone the importance of entering information into Lotus Notes ( for ALL types of agreements) . ( 3 ) I believe that Sam is in charge of the unanimous consents ( for all Enron affiliates) . I for one would like an UPDATED book of the consents ( kept updated) . These consents must be maintained and kept current . If Sam is out of the office , we need access to the book . ( 4 ) We should create a "paralegal manual" as we go . Each person could be responsible for drafting sections ( and you could review their drafting skills!) . Given some time , I could probably help to identify relevant sections . ( 5 ) Agreement checkout . We need to create a "checkout card" for each file so that when files are returned to the file cabinet , the checkout card is retired and placed inside the file for the next checkout . I will volunteer my assistant to help out but I don't want to step out of turn here so I'll wait to hear from you . ( 6 ) I have the sense from some of the legal-credit meetings that everyone needs to be reminded to follow up on outstanding ISDA's ( mainly the Top Ten and high priority items) . I'll send additional items as they occur to me . Thanks . Sara
Cheryl: I just finished a conversation with Mara Alexander re: Cargill-Alliant , LLC . She was inquiring whether we could add the weather rep ( for the Trade Option Exemption ) to that amendment since it was not included in the Master Agreement between ENA and Cargill , Incorporated . I have not actually reviewed that master but if she is right , we should not have a problem complying with the request . SS
Rose: You were going to provide with essentials regarding your Bahamian counsel . Please forward information . Thanks .
FYI - our phone call
FYI - our phone call
Susan: would you please respond to this trader ? thanks .
Ed: Let me know what you think about the setoff ( it excludes three Termination Events: Illegality , Tax Event and Tax Event Upon Merger ) and I'll reinsert our part ( b ) setoff paragraph addressing the NDP's satifaction that other payments by the DP have been made . Sara
Laurel: Just checking to see if we needed to meet . Sara
Why is EPMI the Enron party for a financial trade ? It should always be ENA .
Annex B comments fine except we need your website address for purposes of Paragraph 4 . Please note that: Par . 3 Credit Support Agreements - Guaranty this assumes that we have the signed guaranty on the date of the Confirmation The Enron Corp . guaranty in favor of ConEd was submitted to our Treasury group this morning for signature . As of 5:30 p.m. , it had not been returned to me . I have left a message with Treasury and hope that I will receive in the morning . Please advise ( 1 ) fax number of person to whom I should fax guaranty upon my receipt and ( 2 ) person/address for FedExp delivery of executed guaranty . Please let me know if you have any questions .
Mary: per my voice mail . SS
Mary: I'll meet with you tomorrow . I think that Carol will be your backup on this transaction . Sara
Paul: John Fortunato has advised me that CP has only three ( 3 ) issues with the draft which we delivered in November , 2000 . The credit issues are: ( 1 ) CP financials available online - we'll need their website address ( 2 ) CP Threshold for cross default is too low and wish a "higher number" but have not given John any indication of what they want Please let John and Stephanie know the outcome so that we can prepare executable docs . Thanks . P.S . The legal issue was governing law , Texas or NY . CP doesn't care but needs confirmation and possibly explanation .
Lucky you!!!!!!!!! !
Ed: Without knowing what's being hedged , it could be either ENA or ECTRIC . Do you have more infor ? Also , if the Enron party is ECTRIC , will Rod handle ? Please let me know and I'll chat with Mara . Sara
FYI We only have four "Top Tens" left after our meeting on Tuesday: Aquila Canada Corp . ( BR ) Columbia Natural Resources , Inc . ( BR ) Gas Natural Mexico , S.A . de C.V . ( PR ) Sprague Energy Corp . ( RD ) Do you need legal to focus on others ?
Tracy: We can't move any further with Southern California Water Company ( for derivatives trading ) as they believe that the company requires CA PUC approval . Does legal need to actively pursue this party for financial trading ? Hope you're surviving !
Sam: I think you were going to speak with me about this one -
Hi ! There are only FOUR Top Tens and none are mine . I've asked credit to update the list . I am sending you all paper and pulp inquiries ( just spoke with a new guy named John Fortunato) . Why don't we talk Monday morning ?
Rod: Will you please read the email attached below from Cargill and let me know the proper Enron party ? Ed has punted this one to you . Thanks . And , I hope things are going well . I know you'll miss rodeo time here in the Bayou City . I just received an invitation ( courtesy of Enron ) to the BBQ cookoff at the Reliant Astrodome Park ( you know , the dome) . I'll bet your mouth is watering .
John: Please have Caraustar call Paul Radous about the cross default issue . Legal will wait to hear back from Paul after his discussion with your counterparty .
Clem: I know that you sent Sheila Glover a form of ENE guaranty a few weeks ago . Sheila forwarded it to Bear and we received Bear's form which is unacceptable . However , if ENE has outstanding guaranties in favor of Bear , I would need to know since we may be able to use a previously negotiated form . Can you let me know if ENE has ever issued such a guaranty ? Thanks . SS
Thanks for the reminder ! Would you please verify with Sheila Glover that Tuesday works for her and how many people will be attending ? Then , we need to add Sam , Stephanie , Cheryl and me . SS
Jason: Looks fine . Sara
Sam: Please put entry into Lotus Notes and take off of legal/credit list . Thanks . SS
Melissa: Please refer to Janelle's request for a draft confirm . The counterparty's draft has a floating price reference and you should verify with Janelle . Use the ISDA format; the counterparty is the "Power Authority for the State of New York" . Ignore the "junk" in the counterparty's form . I have no other info about the particular deal . Call if you have any questions and please send me a copy . SS
CSFB International
Janelle: I discussed this earlier with Michael Brown . We've never heard from Con Ed re: the message I sent last night ( attached) . Samantha has the executed guaranty in hand . Please advise .
Sam: Please fax the guaranty to Michael Forte at both fax numbers: Fed Ex the original as set forth below in Janelle's message . Revise Annex B/B-1 per my email of last evening and find web address below . Thanks for all of your help . Janelle will most likely execute a trade Monday morning .
Janelle is set to do the Con Ed trade and will probably execute Monday . Samantha is revising the AnnexB/B-1 . Let me know if you have any questions . Sara
no
Mary: Melissa Murphy ( financial power ) will be in Calgary next week ( Tues - Fri ) assisting the confirm desk . I thought it would be helpful if you and I scheduled a short meeting with Melissa on Monday to discuss desk issues . What is your schedule like on Monday ? Thanks . Sara
Bob: I spoke with John on Friday and you can revise this master per Paul's email . SS
Sam: Please let me know when you can review the repo situation . Gary is asking for more repos . SS
FYI
We have a highly negotiated Annex B and B-1 which Samantha has just revised . She will send it to you . It is not to be used ever again ( unless we agree once again) . I can't remember where we left off on the confirm format .
I second your resonse !
I would like to take Friday , March 9 as a vacation day .
Frank: Attached is the TVA form of Schedule for you to do your "ISDA comparison" . SS
I am not available at lunchtime on 2/13/01 .
All: Do you need any of the ISDA "boilerplate" language (  the ISDA Master Agreement and the ISDA Credit Support Annex ) to attach to the draft Schedules/Paragraph 13 which we prepare to send to our counterparties ? We do not have the "boilerplate" in a word document . Also , is there anything that Houston legal can do to facilitate your transactions ?
after 2 pm
Dana: Mark Taylor asked that I look into this for you . Please give me a call and/or send me an email . Thanks .
It's official ! Rod Nelson has been promoted to Director .
But you have to keep reading to get the entire message which is: I'm so pleased to hear of your promotion , and , how well deserved . We'll have to celebrate one day .
Mary: I can't remember if I mentioned this , but we do need to track the Global Finance deals , whether through Lotus Notes or some other method .
Stephanie: has this Enron Corp . ISDA master gone out ?
no
Carol: Here's another paper & pulp master with a relatively new deal person ( Steve Klein) . The file has sat for ages and it looks like outside counsel has some time ( he's a good guy) . Please let me know . Also , I spoke with Mark and I'd like to sit down with you to do some brainstorming/planning , e.g. , a group offsite , in-house training , form changes . Today is not a good day but tomorrow is fine . How about 2 pm ?
Stephanie: Here's the contact info . I don't think that this guy is a lawyer but I could be mistakem . Mention in the email that the draft was requested by Clint Freeland with Enron Corp . and to let us know who will be negotiating for CSFB . Thanks .
I just got dragged into a lunch meeting tomorrow ( re: Whitewing )  so I have to bag lunch . Will Friday work ? Maybe you want to go to the meeting !
I will attend from ENA legal ( swaps) .
My apologies for the late response . Carol St . Clair will be handling Corrugated and she will call or email you to schedule a call . Carol can be reached at 713-853-3989 . Thanks .
Sharon: I'm on my way out of the office for an appointment but will be back around 4 or 4:30 Houston time . I'd like a quick chat this evening or tomorrow morning ( before 11 am Houston , if possible) . I understand that the dynamics of this deal were discussed by Russ and Jeff Kinneman/Sheila Glover . The Enron party is Enron North America Corp . ( "ENA" , formerly named "ECT" ) and the $25million Enron Corp . guaranty is for the purpose of securing payment of the 20%plus margin requirement for illiquid securities held by ENA in its Bear account ( "stock loan account") . I'm not sure if other agreements are necessary and I was hoping that we could discuss . Feel free to email or call . Thanks for your help .
Please reflect in Lotus Notes and follow up . SS
Either works for me right now .
Mr . DDDDDDDDDDDDerivative: When do you want to move this guaranty along ?
Please schedule 30 minutes with Laurel to discuss her email to me re: web based confirms .
I am reviewing comments from our Tuesday meeting . Do you want to follow up with Koch ? Or do you want legal to pursue ? A draft was sent out on 01/08/01and we have not heard back .
I have received the following request from a Hess lawyer: ECT and Hess have an executed ISDA effective 1/29/98 . Guess what they want ? The following ISDA agreements to trade financial ( and PHYSICAL): ( 1 ) Amerada Hess Corp . and ENA ( 2 ) Hess Energy Services Company , LLC and ENA ( 3 ) Hess Energy Trading Company , LLC and ELFI ( 4 ) Hess Energy Trading Company , LLC and ECT Singapore Pte . Ltd . ( 5 ) Hess Energy Trading Company , LLC and ECTRIC I explained our financial trading entities . She did not know what products each of the Hess affiliates would be trading . Hess CREDIT: Grim Trivino at 212-536-8979 Hess LEGAL: Dana Dellacona at 212-536-8133 Please let me know who will handle in credit ( and I'll intercede with the lawyer) . TO MY KNOWLEDGE , NOBODY AT ENRON IS PUSHING HESS . As usual , thanks for your help .
How about 9 am Houston ( 10 am New York) ? Why don't you call me ? It might be helpful for Scott to be available ( we could conference him in if necessary) . Let me know if this works . SS
David: In the midst of leaving my voice mail , I think I realized my error . I believe that a guarantor can be a "corporation,....entity" having total asssts exceeding $10million . However , that subpart ( I ) guarantor cannot be one that falls into the subpart ( III ) category ( which is different from the prior law) .
NY law is fine .
Joe: A few questions: 1 . Who trades this ? 2 . What book does it sit in ? 3 . What legal entity is that book ? Please let me know as we are comparing this to another product . Thanks .
Mary: I received a link several years ago to a European database . I don't know how to send it to you . It contains opinions , etc . Either Justin doesn't know if its existence or London never uses it !
Stephanie: Bear's lawyer needs a copy of ENA's certificate of name change ( from "Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.") . The info you need is: Sharon Chernick phone: 212-272-2557 fax: 212-272-2727 email: schernick@bear.com
Where is this being held ? Still at 11 ?
Please confirm that Lotus Notes is accurate ( for repo agreements ) by Wednesday , February 14 . Please make necessary changes to the database and identify missing agreements . Thank you .
Mark: What lawyer should review the securities filing ( and other securities issues ) for Gary's group ? Is it Alan or a different lawyer ?
Anna: Attached is the form of Enron corp . guaranty .
Please update the CSFB/Enron Corp . entry on Lotus Notes with status info ( change from "legal review" to "draft sent" ) and names , phone nos. , email addresses . The data will be accessible to anyone .
Clem: Attached to the end of this string of emails is the Bear , Stearns & Co . ( "Bear" ) form of guaranty . My only issue is with Section 1 . Consents , Waivers and Renewals of the Bear guaranty which Bear insists upon .  Although Bear will agree to the Enron form of guaranty , our Par . 4 Setoffs and Counterclaims problematic in light of Bear's waiver provision . I'd like to discuss with you . ENA has agreed to a Securities Lending arrangement with Bear and the ENE guaranty ( capped at $25million and restricted to ENA's arrangements with Bear ) is part of that "package" . FYI , several Enron companies have accounts with Bear . When do you think we could discuss ?
Steve: I know that Tana has already answered your immediate question . I am responding because Enron Corp . is also asking for an ISDA . I am the Enron Corp . lawyer . Can you also send a draft master to me ? Thanks . Sara
Cheryl: Have you responded to Aneela yet ? Have drafts alreay been sent ? I'd like to make sure that our internal process has been implemented so that we can address Gary's workload on a timely basis . If we need to meet , please let me know and I'll have Kaye schedule a meeting .
This should be sent today . Stewart is the commercial person in Portland . Thanks . SS
You are correct in that I do not need the emails . However , when I receive calls from Sheila or Gary or a counterparty , I rely upon Lotus Notes and the information is not there . I know that everyone is working diligently to satisfy the traders' requests . The emails you are sending can be entered directly into the database so that everyone can access the information . I will be glad to show you how to utilize this feature . What do you think is a reasonable date to ask Sam and Stephanie to complete their review of the brokerage agreements in Lotus Notes ?
Paul: I'll begin reviewing the comments but you'll have to think about the credit related issues . Let me know if you'd like to schedule some time to discuss .
Stewart: I'd be glad to draft a "sample ISDA" for you and Jeff to use . Please verify that the type of counterparty you are looking at will be a On a related matter , we are still waiting to speak with Ed Sachs about the credit rating for the City of Portland and should have the agreement to you afterwards .
Thanks - I'm sure glad one of us is thinking !
Brant: I haven't heard of anyone pushing this internally but there are serious issues here because of the "agency" relationship that Energy New England has with various municipals . You want the municipals on the dotted line and not the agent . How do you want to handle ?
I am trying to locate the above identified master . Does anyone have this file ? Sara
Jorge: The Bank of Montreal ( "BMO" ) master agreement provides for Market Quotation in the event of early termination for non-commodity based products . BMO prepared the letter to document our agreement to a different valuation methodology for the terminated transaction . Please execute the letter . P.S . Do know the difference between Market Quotation and Loss ?
Laurel: Please call me about Chase . Sara
Do either of you have a copy of the "Power of Attorney" which the four municipal utilities granted to Energy New England LLC ? I seem to recall a one or rwo paragraph document . Thanks . Sara
Clem: Just wondering if I could have a response today on Bear Stearns . Gary Hickerson is anxioius to get this resolved today so that ENA can begin reducing margin rates with Bear . Thanks .
Ed & Brant: I'm being hounded by ENE but no Enron traders seem interested . Brant prepared a new worksheet based upon which we sent a new ISDA . ENE "represents" four municipal utilities and is trying to negotiate ISDA's on behalf of those utilities . I think the agent is off-base and I'm not sure that any of the utilities really want to trade financial . Ed , Shari suggested that you may have some insight into ENE . Should I drop this one altogether ? Or are we interested in pursuing ? Either Ed or Brant please let me know . Thanks .
I received a call from Doug Sewall ( midwest power ) who wants to market this product to Canadian hydro utilities . Doug says that the product is originating from David Hoog's group and is an "insurance" type product for generation outage . Please let me know if anyone is familiar with this item .
Stephanie: The fax that you gave to me with this file states that the CP wants to change jurisdiction "back to New York." I don't see a prior draft; only a blackline against a Weyerhaeuser Company LImited document , the latter ISDA having been executed in June , 2000 . Does his question refer to that executed master ? If so , please let me know what we agreed to . Thanks .
Marcelo: Just checking to see if you had any information for me ( default , time zone) . Regards .
Joe: Can you provide me with this information please ? Thanks .
Sheila: This agreement is for what futures products ? Also , did you send a memo to Paul Radous/Bill Bradford and Cassandra Schultz ? Thanks . Sara
I need the file containing this executed agreement . We're opening an account in Japan . Thanks .
Melissa: Before I can respond , I need to know the following answers: ( 1 ) What is the Exercise Period ( Commencement/Expiration Dates ) for the swaption and during what hours can we exercise ? Is it from Jan . 2 - Feb 28 , 2001 from 9 am to 11 am New York time ? ( 2 ) Is the Commencement Date also the Premium Payment Date ? ( 3 ) For early termination purposes , is there just a single Optional Early Termination Date or is it a period of time and during what hours ? ( 4 ) Did we want to specify any Cash Settlement Reference Banks ? I can mark this confirm quickly when I hear from you . Thanks .
Cheryl: I'll finish this one . Sara
Rhett: I am negotiating with First Union National Bank ( Party B below) . Is the following rep OK ? "Party B is a national banking association organized under the laws of the United States of America and is treated as a corporation for United States tax purposes." Why does the bank see the need for the latter clause ?
Richard: Highlighted below are changes to our standard confidentiality language requested by a banking counterparty to an ISDA agreement . Would you let meknow if it is acceptable ? ( i ) Confidentiality . The contents of this Agreement and all other documentrelating to this Agreement , and any information made available by one partyor its Credit Support Provider to the other party or its Credit Support Provider with respect to this Agreement is confidential and shall not be disclosed to any third party ( nor shall any public announcement relating tothis Agreement be made by either party) , except for such information ( i ) asmay become generally available to the public , other than as a result of adisclosure in violation of the terms hereof ( ii ) as may be required or appropriate in response to any summons , subpoena , or otherwise in connectiowith any litigation or to comply with any applicable law , order , regulationruling , or accounting disclosure rule or standard , whether in response thereto or upon initiation by either party in defending itself , reducing itliability , or protecting or exercising any of its claims , rights , remedies or interests under or in connection with this Agreement or any Transaction ( iias may be obtained from a non-confidential source that disclosed such information in a manner that did not violate its obligations to the non-disclosing party or its Credit Support Provider in making such disclosure , or ( iv ) as may be furnished to the disclosing party,s Affiliates , and to each of such person,s auditors , attorneys , advisors or lenders whare required to keep the information that is disclosed in confidence . Thanks .
Sharon: With respect to the ENE form of guaranty , we will agree to delete Paragraph 4 ( setoff and counterclaims ) in its entirety . This is a major concession by ENE . Can you now agree to the remainder of the ENE guaranty format ? Please let me know . Thanks .
Tanya: There are a few issues left: ( 1 ) [re: legal name of our counterparty] According to FUNB , there is no legal entity named "First Union National Bank , Charlotte" . If S&P is including the city where FUNB is headquartered as part of their legal name , then S&P is wrong . FUNB has asked that we forward the S&P document that you are looking at . ( 2 ) [re: FUNB request to provide us with First Union Corp . financials and your response that it's OK if First Union Corp . signs on as a guarantor] FUNB says that First Union National Bank doesn't prepare annual statements . FUNB can provide quarterly call reports ( with YTD info ) which is also available on the FDIC page ( www.fdic.gov) . FUNB annual financials also available on EDGAR . I don't know what a call report is and FUNB did not offer up First Union Corp . as a guarantor . ( 3 ) [re: 10 year bonds which you agreed to accept as Eligible Credit Support] I don't know what the "usual haircut" is on these issues . You said 90% or 95% . Legal no longer offers up bonds in our documents which is why we haven't discussed haircuts lately . ( 4 ) [re: the Specified Conditions of Tax Event , Tax Event Upon Merger and Credit Event Upon Merger] FUNB would rather terminate than collateralize Transactions ( and eliminate obligations to transfer in avoidance of termination) . If a Specified Condition exists , then there is no obligation to deliver collateral to that party ( experiencing the Specified Condition ) and a Secured Party could exercise all remedies available to it against the Pledgor . ( I think that we have a different philosophy in that we would prefer to preserve Transactions) . I'm more willing to give in on the tax events ( but global mergers could force that issue and the agreement basically requires the Affected Party to try to transfer the Transaction to avoid termination) . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks . Sara
Dee: I am trying to hear from credit on about four issues , namely , the legal entity , need for First Union Corp . guaranty ( due to the availability of financials) , haircut on bonds and Specified Conditions . I would then propose preparation of a blackline to squeeze out the remaining issues . If I hear from credit tomorrow ( and I'm pushing) , I could have the blackline by Wednesday and we could talk . Hopefully , we'd be done by this week . Hope this works . Regards .
Mark: I vote for a review of the act NOW , say the last week of February ( Feb 26 - March 2) . The ISDA seminar is the following week if that is an attraction for the speaker . I will give you a list of suggested issues in the next day or so . Have fun .
Tanya: Our legal group would like to schedule instructional seminars covering the ISDA Schedule , Credit Support Annex , omnibus and other forms and , specifically , the credit issues which arise in the preparation and negotiation of these documents . Our thought is to eventually offer regular instruction every other month but we believe that initially we should offer monthly seminars . In order to avoid "legal/credit Tuesday" boredom , we propose Wednesday or Thursday as a regular luncheon meeting date . How does the week of February 19 or 26 sound ? I believe that we can circulate a "curriculum" of sorts to you or at the least a listing of topics . Please let me know what you think . As always , we welcome your suggestions . Stephanie: Did this amendment include the weather rep as Cargill requested in late January ? ( see Lotus Notes entry )
No - I received a single page which is the UBS standard blank form for "authorized traders" . No names , no addresses , etc .
Sam: Yesterday morning I needed to locate the latest ENA consent for authorized trading . Is it possible for you to keep a current set of these resolutions in a labelled notebook where everyone can access at all times ?
I've tabled this one .
Sheila: here's the email; I'll call Sharon now .
Richard: This is a first for me . I received the following objection to our standard arbitration language: "The arbitration does not provide for expedited procedures with limited discovery and limited live testimony . This could take as long as in court and cost more." Is this a valid objection ? If so , how should we amend our language ? Or should we be silent as to jurisdicition without waiving any objections ( venue , forum ) and waive jury trial ? I look forward to hearing from you . Thanks .
Dana: I haven't heard from credit . Why don't you call Tana Jones ( our EOL paralegal specialist ) at 713-853-3399 and let her know that you want to pursue the Electronic Trading Agreement and GTC's for online trading . I will also provide Tana with the background discussion that you and I had . At least she can get you moving on EOL and pursue credit at the same time . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks .
Tana: A lawyer from Amerada Hess ( Dana Dellacona ) will probably call you about EOL trading . She is interested in several trading relationships which you can see from the email that I sent to Tanya . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks .
I'm at my desk for about an hour . Then after 3 pm Houston time .
Cheryl: Please handle . Thanks .
You're right; I can't open the doc .
Dee: I tried to call you about 30 minutes ago ( together with my credit guys) . We would really like to chat today . I have a meeting that will last about an hour . Please talk to my assistant Kaye Ellis ( X35968 ) to try to talk at about 3pm Houston time . Thanks .
Tanya: First Union has asked for the following: Choice 1: Minimum Transfer Amount of $500,000/Rounding of $10,000 Choice 2: Minimum Transfer Amount of $250,000/Rounding of $10,000 We're almost done . Please email response tonight , if possible . Many thanks . Sara P.S . Do you have about 30 minutes to chat about all the things we seem to be voice/emailing about ?
We'll need to prepare the blackline in the morning . Thanks in advance for your help .
Mark: Attached is my "short version" of Eligible Contract Participant ( I would generally send to credit , new lawyer , etc. ) I am still uncertain about the status of the Trade Option Exemption ( Issue 4); I understood from the conversation that you , Brent and I had that the old rules were out . I have heard a different interpretation . What is the status of this exemption under the new law ?
Darren: ( 1 ) Goldman Sachs ENA executed the Client Access Agreement with Goldman , Sachs & Co . on June 15 , 2000 . Since you are trading in the name of ENA , you should not need to execute an additional agreement . I confirmed this with Ted Leh this morning . At Ted's suggestion , please forward to me the fax number and email address of the Goldman person requesting that you execute further documentation . I can fax to him a copy of the agreement and correspond by email . I will also copy Ted Leh and Vivian Siao ( keeps track of agreements and authorized traders ) so that everyone is up to date . I spoke with Sheryl Gallant . ENA and other Enron affiliates are already trading on the UBS electronic websites for OTC transactions . Interestingly enough , UBS does not require an electronic trading agreement to be signed by a customer for online trading . In other words , ENA has an executed ISDA with UBS dated May 31 , 1993 , you are an authorized trader for ENA and UBS is happy to let you access their platform . Sheryl does not know why Jun Ishi requested execution of a "Client User List" ( i.e. , an authorized trader list ) and said to forget it . If you would like for me to speak to Jun Ishi or correspond with him ( please send his email address) , just let me know . Please let me hear from you if you would like for me to pursue further . As a representative of ENA , you will probably have most agreements already in place .
Bob: Could you please forward changes to the Ag section to Kaye ? Thanks . Sara
Marcelo: Thanks for the info . I'm attaching comments to Appendix C . I also have someone reviewing Appendix B and am preparing Appendix A .
Clem: Attached to this email you should find a marked version of the Enron Corp . guaranty . A few points: ( 1 ) Bear claims that the "cap" language which we typically include is inadequate because the wording implies ( under NY law ) that if a lesser amount is owed at any time , then the cap is reduced to that amount . I've not heard of this before . I believe that they can send the treatise background info if you'd like . ( 2 ) The guaranty covers obligations of ENA in its Bear account and with respect to the margin lending agreement . Bear has added "performance" to the guaranty as a guarantor obligation . ENA's account obligations pertain to the payment of money ( margin); under the margin lending agreement , ENA could have to deliver securities sold short in the market pursuant to a loan from Bear . Failure to deliver these securities would trigger a default ( which is essentially reduced to a payment of money) . ( 3 ) Although Bear removed our Setoff/Counterclaim paragraph , you should refer to Par . 5 to see their own version ! Please call me to discuss as ENA is anxious to reduce our margin rates with Bear . The Bear lawyer is leaving town tomorrow afternoon . Thanks .
Dee: We are working on the blackline . Since the "deal" that you mentioned yesterday has no bearing on the master between ENA and FUNB , there is no emergency at hand . A few things to note: ( 1 ) regarding "Procedures for entering into Transactions," my suggestion is that you consider a reasonable time period in which to respond upon receipt of a confirmation . It is in both parties best interest to have an executed ( and therefore enforceable ) writing This can be accomplished by under the NY General Obligations law by our agreement as to a "deemed response" if a party will not sign a trade confirmation . ( 2 ) regarding the concept of "Specified Transaction" , ENA has reconsidered the earlier concession to exclude most Termination Events as Specified Conditions . It is not ENA's position to unwind Transactions upon the occurrence of these events , and , therefore , each party ought to be able to rely upon the protections afforded it under the related provisions . Regarding the Credit Event Upon Merger , FUNB is protected with the amendment which we make to Section 5(b)(iv) . I hope that the blackline will resolve our outstanding issues .
Cheryl: Enron Credit Inc . ,  a Delaware corporation , has been created for U.S . debt trading currently handled by ENA . As a result , ENA will need to transfer its brokerage debt positions to Enron Credit Inc . accounts with those brokers . The brokers include our favorites: Bear Stearns Companies Morgan Stanley & Co . Inc . Goldman Sachs & Co . ENA will need to assign its positions by the end of February , 2001 . Richard Sage ( London office ) will need to see the "sample package" ( unanimous consent , authorized trader list) . Will you please see that an email is sent to Richard with this information ? We should begin the documentation now . Let me know if you have any questions .
just check with bob late in the morning
Trena: attached is an email from Joe Hunter which has some of your answers . You may want to chat with Shifali Sharma ( I don't know her but will be glad to call) . My guess is that many of the crude deals are brokered ( maybe that's why the deals originate in Houston) . I'm also forwarding to you Joe's message about traders . Please call me if we need to pursue further . SS
Cheryl: Sheila can print out a listing of instruments to be assigned to each new Enron Credit Inc . account . The portfolio includes high-risk , high yield instruments . We should contact the brokers today or tomorrow for the form of agreements . Why don't you ask Stephanie or Sam to prepare three sets of assignments ? They should coordinate with Sheila to identify the attachment .
Clem: the Bear lawyer is Sharon Chernick phone: 212/272-2557 fax: 212/272-2727
Stephanie: Please see me about a "draft ISDA municipal format" . Let's talk as soon as you have a minute and prioritize . Thanks . Sara
OK
I think I inadvertently registered twice . Please delete the duplicate registration . Thank you .
Richard: The corporate workbook reflects that the officers of Enron Credit , Inc . all reside in the U.K . I don't see anyone identified with a power of attorney for executing documents in Houston . As there may be tax issues associated with U.K . officers signing ( in the U.K ) on behalf of a U.S . company , I am asking for verification from Janine . My suggestion is that Enron Credit Ltd . negotiate and execute the agreement and include the usual "affiliates , representatives , etc." who may need to know any confidential information . Your V.P.'s are all in London . If Janelle confirms that it's alright for Brown , Sherriff or Seyfried to sign for Enron Credit , Inc . from London , then we can prepare the document and have a V.P . sign and fax the agreement to the U.S . party . At a minimum , though , we should try to work from our form of NDA . Let me know if you have any questions .
I believe that there is a general consensus that Clem needs assistance to respond timely to the mounting number of guaranties requested from Enron Corp . In speaking with Clem , it seems that any evidence of increased and increasing business and demand for guaranties will be helpful for him to obtain help . Would your group be able to put together some facts and projections which might address the continuing demand for new guaranties ? Since you are the first ( and most important ) point of contact for evaluating potential business , I think that your input would be extremely valuable for Clem to "plead his case."
Stephanie: Let's prepare and submit for execution . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks .
Carson: I'm doing fine , thank you very much . It's about time to call Donna and raid somene's wine cellar and/or refrigerator . I'm not going out of town any time soon so let's pick a date .
Guenther: Thanks for the response . I'll wait to hear from Richard Sage as to who owns the information . Only officers at the VP level or higher may execute binding contracts for all Enron U.S . companies ( bylaws) . I do not know the "rule" for non-U.S . companies ( although I suspect the articles of association would contain that information) .
Laurel: Cheryl Nelson is handling this and she will be back in the office on Monday . By copy of this message , I ask that she contact you . I believe that this is nearing completion .
Ellen: Do you want me to contact the lawyer ?
Anna: Do want to prepare the Exhibits A and B or shall I ? I would like to have the doc executed today . Also , please forward to me a copy of the final form of guaranty which you agreed to with Clement Abrams . Thanks .
Anna: Attached is your form of agreement .
In Section 5 , the third paragraph , the reference prior to the deletion should read "the Counterparty" ( and not "a Counterparty") .
Jeff: Do you have a preferance regarding the payment of "Default Interest" ? Please let me know .
Richard: Certainly ECL can execute the NDA . I am not the ECL lawyer .
Tom: To whose attention should I direct comments to the Client Agreement ?
Sam: the addressee for the guaranty is : mmidden@anz.com ( his name is Michael Midden ) The message is : Attached for your immediate review is the form of Enron Corp . ( "Enron" ) guaranty which would be utilized to guaranty all financial trading obligations pursuant to an ISDA Master Agreement and transactions thereunder which would be entered into between Enron North America Corp . and ANZ Bank . Jason Williams ( in Enron's risk control group ) asked that you receive a copy of Enron's form of guaranty if you had not already received one . We are in the process of preparing a draft ISDA Master Agreement and will forward it to you next week . Please let us know if you have any questions . Please copy Jay Williams and me . Thanks and sorry for such short notice .
Anna: I have not seen the executed Enron Corp . guaranty this afternoon and I'll check with Enron Corp . when we reopen for business . We should talk first thing on Tuesday . A couple of items: ( 1 ) The Securities Loan Agreement is between Bear , Stearns & Co . Inc . and Enron North America Corp . You requested The Bear Stearns Companies Inc . as the guaranty beneficiary ( although that party is incorrectly stated as being party to the Securities Loan Agreement) . I just wanted to verify your preference and we may want to modify the first page to be accurate . ( 2 ) As you requested that I prepare the Schedules A and B , I ask the following: ( i ) as to Schedule A , please submit your notice information ( ii ) as to Schedule B , we propose the default interest rate to be the Federal Funds Rate as defined in your agreement . Please respond and we can finalize the agreement . Please let me know if there is anything further you require . Regards .
Jane: Susan is trying to revise the Services Agreement once again and the "governing law" issue was raised . I do not have any memoranda addressing which choice of law would be binding on Enron Japan Corp . However , I note that the draft ISDA marked by our Japanese counsel for use by Enron Japan Corp . and IBJ elects New York law ( AA email to me dated 9/21/00) . Are either Texas or New York law preferable for the Services Agreement ? Thanks for your assistance . Regards .
Welcome back ! I've marked the new guaranty but I wanted to see the assignment first . I have the master file in my office . SS
Please assign to the list of new masters for preparation and execution .
Susan: Don't we always include "change of ownership" ? Has credit ever requested anything different ?
Richard: Your deadlines for the securities loan agreement for and related guaranties are impossible to meet ( 2/16/01 was last Friday) . The same agreement with ENA has yet to be completed due to protracted negotiations . Please advise as to who in credit approved the USD25million Enron Corp . guaranty on behalf of ECI . Also , FYI , Bear will not provide a reciprocal guaranty for ENA .
Tanya: Further to Richard Sage's memo of earlier , are you handling credit for the Securities Loan Agreement which Richard is asking for ECI and Bear ?
and I'm going on Friday , 2/23 at the same time .
Per my voice mail , see Par . 5 , second paragraph therein , "Beneficiary's" is the correct word . Your immediate reply is appreciated . Sara
Cindy: Attached ( very bottom ) is the execution copy of the Bear Stearns guaranty . Please have this executed , together with the appropriate certificates . Thanks for your help . Also , let me know when the guaranty is ready . Sara
Richard: Further to my message below , after speaking with Sheila , it appears that the Securities Loan Agreement that ENA will sign ( hopefully tomorrow ) is actually the same agreement to be used by Enron Credit Inc . ( "ECI") . I think we can have this assigned from ENA to ECI . We will have to get a new guaranty from Enron Corp . I still do not know anything about the Bear guaranty that you mentioned in your email . Please advise . Also , please verify for me which office will prepare confirmations for ECI . If it is London , is there a services agreement in place between ENA and EI ?
Carlos: Attached are my comments to the LME product . Also , I understand that the forward and currency swap products are already online . I only noted that the reference to Greenwich Mean time in your draft appeared as "Greenwich Meantime" . You may have already made this correction .
Bob: Now there's the real reason ! If there are two new softs entities , then ENA and ECTRIC lose the netting benefits . The tax issues are transparent ( it's like the two credit derivative entities) . Who is involved from credit ? We need to discuss the structures with them because credit may be concerned about the loss of netting privileges . Also , we need to verify that US entity softs trades will be USD based and the European softs entity will settle in Euro or GBP . It seems obvious but a US entity could routinely settle in a currency other than USD . SS
Tanya: Who in your group handles softs ( coffee , sugar , cocoa) ? As you may know , softs have been approved for OTC financial trading . We are currently structuring the softs trading entity(ies ) and I think credit should be involved . Janine Juggins is handling tax .
Susan: The internal EOL FX products will be opened up to third parties shortly . I'm reviewing the GTC's . With respect to the tax reps which are incorporated into the GTC's , I think we need a "universal" rep since the products could be traded by parties residing anywhere in the world . I believe that the first week in March is the target EOL date . Can you prepare the tax rep section for the GTC's ? I am not aware of any other EOL product having this type of rep but I am not familiar with the totality of EOL products . Please call me if you have any questions . Thanks .
Jeff and/or Rhett: Can you advise me as to Northern Border Partners , L.P . below ? Thanks .
Tanya: I don't know if Dow is trading financial , but if so , it looks as though we're having a problem . Who ( in credit ) will handle Dow ? I'm expecting a call from the plastics guys once they read Mark's message below . By the way , I worked with Rod on this one Thanks . Sara
Stephanie: I have the blue file in my office and a marked version of the ENE guaranty . However , we are missing the recent assisgnment from the NY office to London which you and I discussed last week . I was waiting for you to figure out whether the assignment is MIA . SS
try early next week
Richard: The Bear/ENA Securities Loan Agreement will be signed tonight and Bear should receive tomorrow morning . The Enron Corp . guaranty has been executed as well and will be included in the package . I will also ask Bear for an immediate assignment of the agreement to Enron Credit Inc . Sorry for the confusion over this agreement; I didn't realize that ENA was doing this for ECI .
Janine: Congratulations on your promotion ! I need an update on the back-office relationship between Enron Credit Inc . ( ECI ) and Enron Credit Ltd . ( ECL ) Does London confirm the ECI trades ? If so , I assume there is a power of attorney from ECI to someone in London . Or will ECI trades be confirmed in the U.S. ? I received a call from someone in London inquiring as to whether Greg Whalley could sign for ENA because he was in London . I believe this was in relation to the credit business . Are U.K . traders booking credit deals in the name of ENA or is this some type of back-office function performed on behalf of ENA ? Any reason not to use ECI or ECL here ? Also , can you send a copy of the services agreement ( if any ) between any companies performing services on behalf of either ECI or ECL ? Thanks .
Anna: I just received your voice mail . The package ( including the Enron Corp . guaranty ) has already gone out via Federal Express to your attention . You should receive it tomorrow . Also , Enron North America Corp . would like to assign the agreement to Enron Credit Inc . ( a Delaware corporation) . Would you like for me to prepare the assignment or shall I ? Please advise . Thanks .
Sheila: Just a few questions about this futures agreement: ( 1 ) Is it OK for JP to combine our orders with orders of other clients and JP's affiliates ? ( 2 ) Is it OK ( after we deposit property into our account ) for JP to return "property of like or equivalent kind or amount" ? ( 3 ) Do you want to agree to an interest rate ( on customer funds ) upfront or only "as agreed from time to time" ?
Susan: You've just hit the nail on the head ! Remember , for FX trading ENA is always the principal , either in Houston , through EEFT as agent ( under services agreement which I presume covers FX deals ) or Enron Japan Corp . ( under services agreement) . Most problematic are the counterparties since they could originate from anywhere in the world . I have heard that Enron Japan had some GTC's that contained "universal tax reps" but I haven't checked it out . Why don't you give me a call .
Paul: I am negotiating a new futures agreement for Gary . Do have any input ? Thanks .
Sam: There are now two entries for J.P . Morgan Futures , Inc . I didn't realize that you had entered an agreement . I didn't want to delete your entry but I don't understand what you entered . Is it a futures agreement ? I am negotiating the futures agreement . Also , the email address you entered is incorrect . Please help .
Mary: How are you entering your margin line credit agreements in Lotus Notes ( if they are being registered at all) ?
Yes , it does . Thanks so much .
FYI - yes , Wes Colwell and his crew are ENA accounting; however , they know nothing of FAS 125/133 , as I was directed to Chris Sherman .
I'm sending my comments to Thomas Alterson within the hour . He is not the lawyer .
Thomas: Attached is a redline of the Client Agreement . I know that Gary Hickerson will be meeting with J P Morgan early next week and would like to have this agreed . Please advise as to what attorney will review my comments and put me in touch with that person today . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks .
Dale and Tracy: We have never received a credit worksheet for preparation of a draft ISDA in either the name of Nevada Power ( Company ) or Sierra Pacific Resources .
Janine: I would like to meet with you ( and Guenther ) regarding two topics: ( 1 ) softs trading ( together with Bob Bruce ) ( 2 ) credit trading ( do we need anyone else? ) Either of Tuesday or Friday morning works fine . Let me propose 9 am Tuesday for softs and 10 am for credit ( and I am flexible) . Bob and I are located only several offices apart on the 38th floor of the Enron building . We look forward to hearing from you .
Marcelo: Attached are my comments to your initial draft of Appendix C to the Canadian form of repo agreement . Please note the following: ( 1 ) You attached "Annex II" to the end of Appendix C . That annex came from the US repo with Merrill . The information should actually be incorporated into "Appendix A" of your repo agreement . ( 2 ) I am waiting to hear internally regarding substitution and a default issue . ( 3 ) Please let me know if we have any issues on the Appendix C ( and add a reference to Appendix C at the end of your printed form) . We should be ready to execute shortly . Thanks .
fine with me . I thought Susan might have a problem on Tuesday morning ( for the credit piece) .
Any possibility of a conference room on Tuesday , Feb 27 from 10 am - 12 pm ?
Cheryl: Will you please respond to this new request . Thanks . Sara
Stephanie: Where did we end up ?
Cheryl: Goldman is one of the brokers "messed up" in Lotus Notes . I had given you the files some time ago with my comments . I think it would make sense for us to sort through Goldman for all affiliated companies . I don't see an agreement in Lotus Notes for ECT Inv . and Goldman Int'l .
Theresa Brogan needs a link to the database . She works in Gary Hickerson's group . Thanks .
FYI
( 1 ) The ENA Securities Loan Agreement/ENE Guaranty was received by Bear on 2/22 . Bear is preparing a form of assignment from ENA to Enron Credit Inc . ( 2 ) JP Morgan sending comments to Futures Agreement ( 3 ) I am reviewing Chase custody agreement . I need info on a legal contact at Chase . ( 4 ) ML Canada repo . Waiting for response . ( 4 ) Enron Credit Inc . accounts . Preparing form of assignment for all three accounts . Cheryl opening the accounts . NOTE: In general , Cheryl will be responsible for opening accounts .
Marcelo: We need to eliminate Appendix B altogether . We have previously agreed to eliminate substitution and FAS 125 does not require substitution . I have only one more issue to resolve . Will you revise again ?
There are multiple Goldman files . I do have the"ENA/GS&Co." online agreement only . I have it only for reference as it has been executed . The problem I'm referring to is the identification of the Lotus Notes Goldman files . We can catch up in our meeting which I have scheduled for Monday .
No , I forgot that the agreement was with ECTRIC .
Corinne: Thanks so much for the voice and emails . I'm reviewing your comments now and ask that you please forward your rate schedule and arbitration language/reg .
Caroline: I am reviewing Moore comments . Brent Hendry is handling Catequil . I don't know what Paloma is .
Sam: Will you please respond to Luis ? Thanks .
Marcelo: I have no further comments . Will you please send the final blackline . Thanks .
Steve: I thought you might be interested .
Corinne A . Samon Tel: 212-648-4292 Fax: 212-648-5589 message: Attached is our response to your suggested form of arbitration language .
Corinne: I just sent you a fax re: arbitration . I have not heard from your salesperson re: interest schedule for debit rate ( Sec . 2 ) and credit rate ( Sec . 6) . Thanks .
Yes , please . Let's look at the . com master before we do anything . The Enron Corp . master should be "easier" .
Sheila: Regarding the JP Morgan ( "JP" ) Futures Agreement , please see the attached for debit and credit rates which JP charges its customers . I asked for ( 1 ) agreed to overnight rate for debit rate and ( 2 ) Fed Funds for interest rate . Please let me know if you are agreeable to the attached rates . SS
Paul: Laurel Adams told me that you would provide me with a name and phone number of someone at Chase for purposes of negotiating the global custody account . Do you have any information ? Thanks .
Melissa: I went back to your original draft of confirmation and edited it , as attached .
Mara: Are we done ? I don't think we have heard from you about the master ? Can we go ahead and have the guaranty executed ? I don't think we have any outstanding issues .
Mark: A few years ago we sought California legal advice for transacting with California cities . We have an opinion from McCutchen , Doyle , Brown & Should we update this opinion given the increased number of cities with whom we are sending draft ISDA's to ? If so , which law firm do you think we should hire ?
Paul: Why don't you and I speak about the Enron concerns first . I've reviewed the agreement and have a couple of questions about how we intend to use the account . I'm available this morning before 10 am and after 3 pm this afternoon . And I'm free all day tomorrow . Thanks . Sara p.s . Do we need to bring in someone from Gary's group ( e.g. , Sheila Glover) ?
FYI
Blacklined version sent to FTU . If accepted , ENA can execute today .
Carol: I've not reviewed these ( my apologies ) and I'd ask until Thursday , if possible . Please let me know . I will block off this afternoon to focus .
Is anyone familiar with an ISDA Master Agreement executed between ENA and the above company ? I have received a Security Agreement executed by this party seeking ENA's signature and the document references the Endorsement ( to a policy - what policy? ) issued to ENA on 10/19/00 which defines the ISDA agreement . This could be related to credit activity in London . I am waiting to hear from Jeff Kinneman and Denis O'Connell .
Frank: Did you ever send out comments on TVA ? I didn't see an update in Lotus Notes . Please let me know as I would like to call Joe back .
Brent: Carol St . Clair does not work on Fridays . Can you reschedule your lunch for another day ?
Corinne: Attached is your arbitration language ( marked ) and our arbitration text . I hope this does it ! Thanks .
Denis: I will initial the Security Agreement for you and have it executed . Where do you want the executed documents sent ? As you know , all of our master agreements ( whether or not related to structured deals ) are logged into our Lotus Notes database to which London has access . Please provide me with a list and copies of the ISDA Master Agreements ( and/or related financial agreements ) which have been executed by London in the name of ENA . These agreements should also be logged onto the ENA database . Will these masters be assigned to Enron Credit Inc. ? Will all trades be assigned ? If so , will you prepare the assignment for execution ? Thanks .
Melissa: Why can't we state the Total NQ in MWh's ( rather than simply MWs/hr) ? I think the physicial confirms provide for a total contract quantity .
Mary: Do you have a form of "approved" assignment for transferring trades into the Raptor vehicle ?
Cheryl: Please be sure to schedule our regular meeting with credit . We missed you yesterday .
Are the two electronic trading agreements for ENA and ECT Investments with different Bear entities ? I am currently revising the institutional account agreement for ENA as part of my negotiation of the Securities Loan Agreement . I don't want to "trip over" the two referenced agreements .
Brenda: Thanks . Also , do you have a Raptor IV minibook ? We don't have any Raptor IV documentation . Do both swap parties intend to transfer positions ?
Mark: Cargill is asking us to execute with Cargill's agent a document permitting the agent to act for Cargill online and offline with respect to financial trades . Will we permit ?
Kaye: Can you please fax a confirm for me ? It's in my office . Thanks .
Caroline: Carol St . Clair ( X33989 ) is looking into this .
Joel: Carol will give you a call about this . Thanks .
No - you never answered my email of 2/27 .
Stephanie: Did you locate a copy of our ML assignment ?
Susan: Does Frank have this file ? Jay: Is John off this deal ?
Stephanie: Please forward per the message . We need to keep a file for this agreement .
Denis: We'll forward originals per your message . I would appreciate your compliance with the remainder of my message . Thanks for your help .
Working great !
Anna: As promised , I am reviewing your new form of account agreement ( as well as the assignment) . Can you please tell me WHAT document the new account agreement was marked against ? It is not marked against ENA's existing agreement dated "January , 1997" . Regards .
I appreciate your message . Just let the group know if you're unable to attend .
Wendi: Caroline wants a quick response . What issues do you have ?
Can I have a copy ?
Denis: Per my voice mail , please advise which ENA officer will execute your documents for ENA . When we hear from you , we can have the docs executed and delivered . Also , we need copies of the executed ENA masters and the information entered into Lotus Notes . Thanks for your help .
Yes , my recollection is that Janelle was negotiating a deal with these guys in January , 2001 . I had conversations with David Adams and Grant Adamson but I can't recall if the swaption was ever executed . I discussed the confirmation problem with David and noted that a small percentage of confirms were being marked inconsistently ( in Dec. , 2000 ) after months of trading without any changes at all . He was too busy to focus ( and was a new lawyer , I think , which is why changes were appearing in the omnibus) .
Frank: I think his changes were with respect to addresses , accounts , etc . Do we need to include an affirmative statement by AG that it assumes all obligations under the Master ? I'm neutral .
Frank: Do you have the Glencore file ?
Susan: Looks like it worked . Can you please repsond to John's request ?
Denis: Please arrange with Jeff to have someone available to sign as Jeff can explain the purpose of your deal . When executed , we can fax per your earlier email . If necessary , get Jeff and Samantha on the phone .
John: I hope you are able to locate an executed ISDA Master Agreement between RMT and EECC inasmuch as neither our database nor files reflect one . ,  I've asked Susan Bailey to resend the draft Schedule . In the event that we need to execute this Schedule , you should provide us with appropriate notice information . We can then prepare execution originals . Let me know if you need further assistance . Thanks .
With respect to Morgan , I believe that a paragraph could be added to reflect the parties' agreement to a forum other than a contract market ( i.e. , "AAA") , and if the customer chose a particular forum for arbitration , then the parties could stipulate that the arbitrators not have authority to award punitive , exemplary or similar damages . Because these are fairly old forms , I can't recall the reason for excluding this language . I'll schedule some time on Monday for us to talk .
I think these guys are trying to create a $35M line ( $15M Collateral Threshold from the ISDA Credit Support Annex and a separate $20M line for the Global agency trading) . All trading with Cargill will be subject to the ISDA Master Agreement and Credit Support Annex . Wendi and I discussed briefly and we'll call you later . It seems that Wendi has spoken with Mark Rubenstein who handles credit and there is some confusion .
Wendi: Following is a quick message I shot off to Caroline . She will wait for us to call .
Dee: Let me know if we need to discuss anything . I am hopeful that we are ready to prepare execution copies . Regards .
I don't know anything about these transactions .
"Calculation of Floating Amount: The Floating Amount payable by [ENA] on a Payment Date will be calculated for that Payment Date as follows: Floating Amount = ( Notional Quantity per Calculation Period X Floating
"Other Provisions: On each Payment Date , [ENA] shall pay [a fee of] [an amount equal to] USD{38,000?] , which amount shall be subject to the netting provisions of the [Master Agreement - how do you refer to the agreement?]"
looks fine Pat: I've finished reviewing the confirms and am missing the following FX confirmations: ( 1 ) National Bank of Canada 4/25/01 maturity ( 2 ) Scotia Bank maturities for 5/8/01 , 6/8/01 , 7/8/01 and 8/8/01 Also , if you have added more transactions beyond your January 31 , 2001 summary , we would like copies . Other than with respect to the two Forward Extras with Bank of America , are there any restrictions in your credit agreements with the various banks that require notice and/or consent ( with respect to forward positions ) when there is a change of ownership , etc . ( as to Daishowa) ?
Interesting . Morgan just proposed language similar to my earlier email ( for a futures agreement but the language mirrors that used on the brokerage side) . Maybe its unenforceable .
Hi , Tanya: I received another call from Dana Dellacona at Hess asking about online and offline trading . I'll direct her once again to Tana for online trading . I'll ask her again to describe the products they want to trade . Will you evaluate ?
Dana: I received your call . I have not heard from credit . There are two things that you can do in the meantime . ( 1 ) For online trading , please call Tana Jones at 713-853-3399 ( 2 ) Please advise what physical and financial products you want to trade . I believe that you didn't know when we last spoke . Thanks .
Jason: In connection with the above captioned invoice , there are two entries for "T.J . Perich" ( $850 ) for reviewing underlying swap documents , opinion . Is this your New York lawyer handling the SMUD opinion ?
Dave Adams' phone number iw 612-373-5388
Mark: I just received a copy of my "IOU/municipal" chart from last year with an undated note from you about our omnibus format/IOU's . I would like to speak with you especially since I'm speaking with credit about municipals on Wednesday . As a practical matter , I'm not sure whether we even transact with utilities on the omnibus . Perhaps Tana can answer the question as to online trading and the confirmation desk as to offline trading . Secondly , I'm not sure how often the Additional Event of Default is successfully negotiated into the ISDA Agreement . The latter point might be worth an email to the lawyers . Do you have a few minutes today ?
Frank: Brant's worksheet contains the remaining items for the amendment to the ISDA Master Agreement . Brant: Your credit worksheet is in the name of "Glencore Ltd." . Since we're amending the master to reflect Glencore's home office as our counterparty , please verify that your credit is appropriate for "Glencore SA" .
Sorry ! Please ignore my prior message .
Brant: Please send complete copies of these confirms ( including the Annexes! )
Mary: Do you want to answer Laurel ? I haven't heard anything further about "paperless confirms" . I'll also ask Mark for an update . Thanks .
Mark: Where do we stand on this issue ?
FYI Let's talk in the a.m .
Brent will talk with you .
Marie: We have a physical and financial jurisdictional survey conducted by ENA in 1996 . I don't see an ISDA opinion but you can easily verify on the IDSA website . Please let me know which surveys you need and we'll have them sent over . Let me know if you have any other questions .
Ed: I need to understand factually what is happening . All transactions between ENA and Mirant Americas Energy Marketing should be subject to the existing ISDA between ERMS and Vastar Gas Marketing Inc. , as amended . The existing guaranty from Vastar Resources , Inc . applies to all trades through approximately the end of this week Who have you spoken with at Mirant as a follow up to our conversation of last Friday ? It appears that Mirant is trying to prevent trading until the new guaranty is in place . Frank has contacted Mirant legal and are in agreement in principle as to the new guaranty from Mirant Corporation . However , we understand that this entity will be spun off in the near future and the credit could change substantially . Have you given thought to the effect of the new guaranty ? Also , have we traded today with Mirant Americas Energy Marketing ? Online or offline ? We should talk to our traders about apparent authority and/or save tapes if we are having problem Call . We will negotiate a new ISDA in the next few months
All: I have verified with CP that we do not want to stop financial trading between CP and ENA . The immediate plan is as follows: ( 1 ) Immediate new guaranty from Mirant Corporation ( Frank to send draft in the a.m. ) ( 2 ) Immediate amendment of the existing ISDA Master Agreement to replace Vastar with Mirant Corporation as the credit support provider ( CP to send draft in the a.m. ) ( 3 ) Immediate execution of a short letter agreement to reflect that all financial trades done until the effective date of the new guaranty will be honored by CP and subject to the existing ISDA Master Agreement ( I will prepare ) ( 4 ) Review of the existing agreement to see if CP has issues ( which we may consider) . If anyone has any questions , please let me knowl Let's all stay in touch throughout the day to get this done . Thanks .
no
Attached is a list of high volume "old" ECT Masters which was obtained from the confirmation desk . Many of them appeared on our working list from last year . Tanya: We have enough legal help to pursue the names on the list . Would you like to prioritize or amend ?
Nicole: Attached is a draft of a short letter agreement which our respective companies can execute to confirm our understanding that there has been no lapse in trading between the two companies . We are awaiting your amendment of the ISDA .
Frank: FYI . Let's tell her that we can execute the : ( 1 ) letter ( 2 ) the separate ISDA amendment ( 3 ) our understanding ( together with Vastar's ) of the "old" guaranty . I have a doctor's appointment at noon but I'll be back afterwards .
Sheila: The attached information may help you with respect to the JP Morgan Futures Agreement . I will let the lawyer know that we still have the issue under consideration . Thanks .
Corinne: Thanks for the message . We have not yet resolved the interest issue . But it is the only issue left . Please retain the second signature for Singapore trading . I hope to have an answer early next week .
Dee: No answer on your phone ! Monday morning works fine; I've put you down for 10 am Houston time and I'll call you . Contact my assistant Kaye Ellis if this doesn't work ( 713-853-5968) . I'm busy from 2 - 4 pm Houston . Also , Susan Bailey will be unable to answer your questions , so let's wait until we speak .
FYI - you don't need to respond to Dee
Richard: Does Enron Credit Inc . have U.S . resident officers/directors ? Cheryl Nelson is trying to set up three U.S . brokerage accounts and needs signatories . Please let Cheryl know . Thanks .
Attached is the form of assignment ( for future reference) .
Stewart: I spoke with Jeff and he will arrange a conference call next week with the tribe's CFO and legal counsel . I highlighted the "eligibility" ( eligible to enter into swaps under the CFTC regulations ) and jurisdictional issues for Jeff regarding Indian tribes . Of course , all of the other governmental counterparty concerns are here as well . The tribe is located in Oregon . I'll follow up with you next week .
Kim: Will you be available for this "municipal ISDA" meeting ?
Tanya: I have been reviewing some of Gary Hickerson's older master agreements which may require amending ( to provide for multibranch transactions) . I wanted to verify which master we are relying on for UBS AG . The files are a little confusing but it appears that we use the May 31 , 1993 Swiss Bank Corporation master ( and not the March 15 , 1994 master with Union Bank of Switzerland) . Do you have any recollection of this ?
Caroline: Sorry I wasn't able to reach you today and I will be out of the office tomorrow . If this can wait until Monday , please contact my assistant Kaye Ellis ( X35968 ) and get on my calendar early Monday . If this cannot wait , please contact Mark Taylor ( X37459 ) and he may be able to find a lawyer to assist you . In general , I thought that Wendi was waiting to hear back from Cargill Incorporated credit . Once we understood what Cargill was looking for , I was hoping to speak with their lawyer and agree to eliminate all of the provisions appearing in the draft POA which did not really concern ENA . Recall that ENA does not want to monitor Cargill's agent: that's an internal job for Cargill . I hope that we can speak on Monday . Maybe you can coordinate tomorrow with Wendi . Thanks .
Nicole: I hope you and Frank can finalize everything tomorrow . Thanks for your help .
Thanks . Since you and Carol are handling Enron "equity" deals , I passed my Raptor IV assignment on to Carol .
Carol: Tanya's comments . Let's go ahead with the "conversion" per Tanya .
Here's one of them .
Caroline: I'll call you this morning .
Cheryl: Anna called me at about 5 pm this evening and would like for you to give her a status call first thing in the morning .
Richard: Thanks . Your chart indicates that Callahan ( I don't know who this is ) is working on the director/officer changes . Just keep me up to date . Thanks .
Kim: See if this link works . Sara
Hi , Steve: We am preparing a form of assignment from ECT Investments , Inc . in favor of Enron North America Corp . whch will transfer several credit derivative Transactions . I anticipate an attachment to the assignment which will identify the trades . I believe that Bill Bradford ( Ernon ) and Mark Tarkington have discussed these trades and Bill is sending me the list . Please let me know that you are aware of this request . Thanks .
Carol: Thanks so much for your good wishes . I really value your opinion and consider you a major asset to the swap group ( I actually give myself a "pat on the head" for being able to entice you to join the group) . I look forward to lunch next week . Sara
I don't have the list yet but I'll forward the info to you immediately upon receipt .
Paul: Just checking to see if you are the lawyer monitoring equity trading in the U.K . I am charged with the oversight of Gary Hickerson's equity activity here in Houston and I want to coordinate with the London lawyer . Please advise . Also , I heard that you were recently married . Congratulations !
Susan: Will you do a favor for me , please ? As you will see from the email below , Denis O'Connell in London has had two ISDA's executed in the name of ENA . We need to log this into Lotus Notes and we have not received copies ( and Denis will not log onto Lotus Notes) . Thanks . Also , did we ever resolve that RMT problem with EECC ?
FYI
No , I would like to meet with you individually to discuss the unenforceability issues with respect to brokerage agreements . Our 11 am will be short . The afternoon meeting will be with Sam , Stephanie and the two of us .
Attached is the most recent listing from Aneela . Please bring to our 1:30 meeting this afternoon .
Per my voice mail of date , please feel free to contact me aboutthe 2/1/01 gas floor . As I mentioned in my voice mail , the ISDA Commodity Derivatives Definitions provide for the Floating Amount language for caps and floors ( see Section 6.2) . "Exercise" language is not necessary as this is addressed in the referenced definitions .
Mr . Geoffrey Pack; Per Sarah Heineman's earlier discussion with you , Enron North America Corp . ( "ENA" ) will shortly email to you the ISDA Schedule and Paragraph 13 . We do not have ISDA boilerplate in word format and assume that you have such documents . If not , please let us know . We received internal credit information in mid-January . Unfortunately , the derivatives legal group at ENA has been short staffed until very recently so we apologize for the delay in submitting draft documentation to you . We did email the Enron Corp . form of guaranty to Michael Midden on 2/16/01 . We are currently working with Jay Williams ( credit ) to respond to any credit issues and John Suttle has transferred to our Australia office . Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions . Sara Shackleton Assistant General Counsel Enron North America Corp . 1400 Smith Street , EB 3801a Houston , Texas 77002 713-853-5620 ( phone ) 713-646-3490 ( fax )
Frank: Please email as soon as possible to the address below . I have already sent a short email to Geoffrey Pack explaining the delay . Thanks . Samantha: Please enter latest into , including email , address , etc. , into Lotus Notes . Thanks .
Tana: I think the agreement is listed in Section 1 ( all agreements ) which is not just Master Swap Agreements . It is also listed in the approprate Section 13 entry . Hope you're enjoying Canada !
You need to speak with the developer . There is no way to control the inclusion of "Other Agreements" in the "All Agreements" section as the system is currently designed . I am not disagreeing with you; I learned this the hard way a few months ago . The system is confusing .
Sam: Please prepare ASAP . The Merrill party referenced is "Merrill Lynch Capital Services" which we'll need to review .
I NEED !
Joe: Per my voice mail . SS
Please see if the attached format documents the par forward transactions in a manner more like CIBC ( and a little different than the ENA format) . Stuart: I'll send the GTC's to you for review today . I'm updating the ISDA format used in the global weather transactions ( which are the only products using this format) . We may need to adjust the product description .
Laurie: My info is below . I'll call you at 2 pm Houston ( 3 pm NY ) to discuss the ISDA which we'll email shortly . Please feel free to call before then . Thanks .
Thank you ! ( as usual , you're a life saver )
Frank: BEWARE ! This ISDA was almost finalized but for disagreement about assignment and arbitration ( so there's not much in the Annex A to dispute) . Check Lotus Notes first and add to this file .
Dee: I'm in the midst of a closing; can you email language to me ?
Am in the middle of a closing . Can't promise anything .
Kate: Per my voice mail , I suggest the following as paragraph 2 to the Transfer and Assumption Agreement: "WHEREAS , . ...options for sale and purchase of physical energy commodities , in the case of EPMI ( the "EPMI ransactions" ) or certain financial swaps , options or other financially settled derivative transactions , in the case of Also , am working on the jurisdiction issue . Please call me at 713-705-1823 email me per below AND : sshackl@swbell.net Thanks . Sara
My cell number is 713-705-1823 . Please call me as you need me . Alternative email: sshackl@swbell.net
Can you handle or should Carol ?
( 1 ) I cannot speak with Caroline Abramo at 2 . Please call her and explain that I'm in the midst of transaction which must close today ( it may roll into Monday) . Tuesday is a safe bet . Mention that the deal is being pushed by the 50th floor over here . ( 2 ) Did you call Stuart ? Just let me know and I'll call him when I get off this call .
Sorry , Frank Sayre will call you or feel free to contact him ( X57894) .
Clem: attached is the guaranty . I'll call you soon . SS
Cheryl: Should you have any SEC issues ( whether these are reps or forms to be completed , you should check with Travis or Lance ( or anyone suggested by them) . As you may know , ENA has an affiliated registered broker-dealer ( and that fact could be pertinent in some type of rep) . Thanks . Cheryl Nelson@ENRON Cheryl Nelson@ENRON
2:45 Houston time is fine for me . Also , the Trading Limitation language is NOT intended to kick in for intraday limit moves but only at the end of the day ( i.e. , "closing or settlement price") . We want the language to remain the same . Hope this works . Sara
Sorry for the mixup . Attached is template for confirm and then the GTC ( minus tax reps) . I'm trying to fit in the tax reps in between phone calls and will distribute to Susan Musch ( tax ) for review . Stuart: Who else should be on the review list ? Thanks . Sara
Kate: A few points about the last draft of the Agreement: ( 1 ) Par . 1(a): the transfer and assumption is effective as of March 16 , 2001 and not as of the Collateral Return ( 2 ) Par . 1(d): the parties have already agreed to use one set of spreadsheets ( 3 ) Par . 3: the ML&Co . guaranties are not being released because there are existing deals in place . The guaranties will only be released as to the transferred Transactions ( 4 ) Par . 6: conform language to side letters ( 5 ) Par . 8: Please delete the last two sentences . Enron will agree to be silent as to court actions , costs and attorneys fees . Please call at 713-853-5620 ( Sara ) or 713-853-1794 ( Janice) . Regards .
DONE . Sara
Thanks for the reply !
Kaye: Would you please reschedule my lunch with Carol to sometime next week ( not Tuesday or Wednesday) . Thanks . Sara
FYI
FYI
Lauren: ( 1 ) Par . 3(xiii ) second and fourth lines: the word "Guaranty" should be replaced by the word "guaranty" and the words "the Guaranty" should be replaced with "that guaranty" , respectively . ( 2 ) Exhibit B Guaranty , first and final paragraphs: change the date to
Samantha Boyd had a death in her family early this morning and I do not know when she will return to work . I do not know her computer password she is working on time sensitive documents with correspondence being done through email . Please reset her computer password and lotus notes password so I may access the correspondence . Please notify me of the new passwords . Thank you ,
The Schedule III , No . 2 agreement dated December 28 , 1999 is irrelevant and confusing to list for this assignment .
Stephanie: at the moment , you'll find an attached exhibit B which is the ENE guaranty . Check with me in the a.m . thanks .
Corinne: We will accept your interest rate schedules . Also , you can include the witness line for our signatory . Please prepare execution copies and let me know if there is anything else to be done . Thanks for your patience .
Tracy: I just spoke wtih Stewart about this counterparty and the fact that you previously prepared credit ( for physical trading) . Please send a credit worksheet for financial trading and we can deliver a draft ISDA to the lawyer per Stewart's instructions . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks .
Please review the GTC's for the Canadian FX product . Stuart: Please call about your form of confirmation . Carlos: We may want to amend the descriptions to match the "ISDA language" contained in the GTC's .
Lisa: I don't know anything about this swap and Mary is on vacation . Would you please provide me with more information about the swap , deadlines , etc. ? Thanks .
Cheryl: Where do we stand on the ECT Credit Inc . three ( 3 ) accounts ? Richard: Do you have the proposed U.S . slate for Teresa ? We do not know who you want as officers/directors .
She did not know anything about a new swap .
Susan: This may look confusing ! It contains all of our "choices" for preparing the documents . See Part 2 ( Tax Reps ) and the end of the document which has our "choices" of tax forms . I thought it might be helpful to be very basic about withholding issues , etc. , why we need the tax reps , and what questions we could ask upfront about a party that would help us select an appropriate tax module . We tend to not "think" and expect a party "fill in the blank" when we are preparing draft documents .
DONE ! Don't worry about this - I'll let you know about our next meeting . Thanks for your help as I really appreciate it .
Gordon: Please advise Carol , Mary and me . Thanks .
Mark: This is a chronic problem which I have addressed with Cheryl on more than one occasion ( hence the email of this morning) . Her priorities are not currently with the swap group . Also , Carol will not be a reliable backup for structured deals since Julia's group will demand more of her time . I don't know what Angela's load will be like as an ongoing substitute . Last night we received notice of Yosemite IV and I'm hoping that Angela can cover . Alternatively , we may need to consider Frank , Francisco or Cheryl .
Russell: I received your voice mail about the one ( 1 ) year financial trade done between ENA and CP . The three-month limitation on trades is only an internal ENA control which was imposed by credit some years ago . Please refer to Lotus Notes for a more comprehensive explanation . The Master Agreement has been executed . However , CP was unable to render a legal opinion vouching for "blanket" enforceability of the trades due to conflicting PUC orders which are still in effect today . What is credit's position when your internal policy is violated ? Who was the trader ? Have you spoken with the trader ?
Tracy: Thanks for your continued assistance in this transaction . Would you please send me a copy of the "Schedule I" listing of transactions which were transferred to Allegheny ?
Teresa: Your emails have not gone unheeded ! We were facilitating things for Richard and he needs to let us know his slate for the U.S . segment of the London business . We'll wait to hear from Richard . If you have any questions please give me a call . Thanks .
Justin: I haven't heard from you in some time now . How is everything ? Are you going to be in San Antonio ? I wanted to set up a short call to discuss equity trading and what Houston and London can do ( are doing? ) to stay abreast of activity and developments on the trading desks . Please let me know a convenient time for you . Thanks .
Yes , we distributed several memoranda to the group before Ken Raceler's talk . You should have received one .
Tracy: These guys emailed only names of lawyers , accountants , etc. ! Rawleigh White is the CFO for the tribe . The "broker" intermediary is Jeff Fuller with Power Resources Managers ( 425-451-9123 ) who told me that the tribe is an Oregon tribe located in Bend , Oregon . I will separately send you Stewart's prior message . I'll send these guys a draft ( without credit) . Thanks . Here's the other message .
Susan: I agreed with Kim Farr at First Union to send our resolution ( with certificate) . When you have a chance , would you please handle . Thanks . ( p.s . - First Union will be an important equity trading partner for Enron Corp . and we'll be dealing with the same lawyers , etc. )
Kim and Jay: Attached is the format which we last discussed . Remember , this is what we require for municipals and governmental entities . Call if you have any quesitons . Thanks .
Here's a recap for everyone . Our original negotiation with Bear ( for the Securities Loan Agreement ) was in the name of ENA , and , ENA had an existing account agreement with Bear . However , Bear insisted that the account agreement was "too old" and that we negotiate a new agreement . I agreed on the condition that this not hold up execution of the Securities Loan Agreement . We have one or two final points remaining on the new account agreement which we'll execute for both ENA and Enron Credit Inc. . ( "ECI") . We have the authorized trader list for ECI and are waiting for Richard to designate the new officer/director slate but we are prepared for execution by the existing officers in London . The assignment instrument will be very short for transferring the ECI book from ENA to ECI . It will take only a few days to replace the existing ENE guaranty for the Securities Loan Agreement . Jeff and Sheila: Please verify that both ENA and ECI do not need the Securities Loan Agreement . I believe it is just ECI and we can transfer the existing agreement to ECI .
Stewart: I spoke with Rawleigh White ( Tribal CFO ) and the Tribe's outside counsel the other day . Pending receipt of Tracy's credit worksheet , I'll send the Tribe/lawyers a "sample ISDA without credit" which is not specific to the Tribe . The lawyers will begin to determine if the Tribe is an "eligible contract participant" for purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act . Rawleigh wants to know if Enron is interested in helping the Tribe finance the purchase of the two dams . Can you please address for West Origination and respond to Raleigh ? Thanks .
Susan: I've spoken with a new Indian tribe and need to send the "sample governmental ISDA" to several people . I"ll forward the names/addresses to you . Stewart Rosman is the commercial person and he should be copied as well as Tracy Ngo . Please include the following message ( verify the question I left for you ) with the attachment: "Per our recent conversation , please find attached a sample Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement ( and Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex - Susan , can we send? ) which is not tailored specifically for the Tribe . We will be able to provide a specific Schedule and Paragraph 13 after our credit group has concluded its review . You may already be familiar with the ISDA Municipal Counterparty Schedule and will note that although we are incorporating many of those provisions . We assume that you have the ISDA boilerplate ( for the Master Agreement and the Credit Support Annex) . Please let us know if you have any questions."
Attached are the email addresses .
Cheryl: You may want to mention to Anna ( Bear ) that ENA would like to transfer the Securities Loan Agreement to Enron Credit Inc. , retrieve the ENE guaranty for ENA and have Enron Credit Inc . guaranteed under a new ENE guaranty .
Kaye: Please send this fax ( I have the info if you still need it) .
Please forward your comments . Thanks .
Sorry , the product must be ready next week .
Sheila: Thanks for the message . I spoke with Mike Schneider ( who contacted me - he's at 212-648-1164 ) to confirm our agreement and wanted to let you know that he was apologetic for having not having "better rates" to charge ENA . He said he's been after Enron's business for some time and hopes to reduce rates in the course of business , if possible . I thought you might want to have this bit of information . Regards . Sara
JP Morgan is sending the execution copy .
Here's the list !
Rex and Jim: By this time , I'm sure Clint has spoken with you about the ENE puts . I am reviewing the proposed language and will advise of any comments .
The time works fine . Will Justin initiate the call ?
How does the attached work for the BOFC/NDF ? I am not necessarily proposing that we use this for the EOL deal .
Hey , Jason: Hope you're doing alright . I received a call from NY and before I called back , I checked the infamous Lotus Notes . It seems that you were going to send a letter to NY summarizing the outstanding issues ( I think there was only one issue) . Please let me know if this was ever done . Thanks . On a sad note , I don't know if you heard but Samantha's 19-month old daughter ( adoption not final ) was killed in a tragic car accident last week . The child managed to crawl under the car while it was in the driveway and Sam didn't see her . Did you really get to know Samantha ? If so , and if you would like her home address , please let me know .
Serge: Sorry to take so long to respond . A few things: ( 1 ) What is the correct legal name of the entity you are inquiring about ? Is it the unregulated marketing arm of the regulated utility ? ( 2 ) There has not been a commercial push from the ENA perspective to set up a new agreement with FPL which explains why I cannot get our credit goup to react . I'll broach the topic again when I hear from you . Please let me know if you have any other questions .
Maria: I was waiting to see if Jason Peters ever sent a "position letter" to you when we brought this negotiation back inhouse . Absent that information , it appears that we had at least one issue remaining and it concerned the disruption fallbacks , in particular , your request for both you and ENA to each obtain two quotes and then average those quotes ( the ultimate fallback) . We cannot agree to your request . The last database entry I reflect was in October , 2000 , when we were having difficulty obtaining your response . Given the lapse of time , we could try to generate a blackline and review the status . Please let me know what you would like to do .
I'm working on the schedule . Please confirm whether Washington ( which airport ) is closer to ;you . Also , how difficult is it to get from the Baltimore ariport to you ? I'll let you know soon . Mike will not be coming with me . Sara
Greg: Per my voice mail , please see the list below . It is not specific enough for Susan Musch and I to identify potential counterparties . I look forward to hearing from you . Thanks .
I left a voice mail for Greg Johnston and have not heard back . Stuart , can you reach Greg ?
Have you checked with credit ?
Cheryl: Let's keep the 1:30 scheduled meeting on Wednesday to discuss brokerage items . Would you please forward to me the updated list . In addition to the existing agreements , we need to discuss electronic trading platform reviews ( based upon the Haedicke memo) .
Marcelo: I've tried to comment to your blackline of 3/2/01 . You may need to call me to sort through the last few changes .
OK , Cheryl , you thought I was kidding about needing the guaranty ! Can we request the new guaranty now ?
Please review the attached language which was drafted to conform to the two ( 2 ) EOL BOFC par forward products .
Martin: How are things going ? In response to your question , there is no internal memo but we do have copies of external lawfirm memoranda . Yes , ENA has changed its ISDA Schedule form to provide for the "eligible contract participant" rep and line of business . I'll verify with Susan Bailey as to whether these changes have been subnitted to ECTRIC . Rather than bombard you with lots of paper , please let me know what you would lilke to see regarding the new legislation . Please note that the act is very broad , extremely confusing ( even to CFTC "know-it alls" ) and addresses many types of derivatives ( ag , equity , etc. ) with some specificity . Will you be in San Antonio ?
Anna: I know that you have been negotiating with Cheryl Nelson about the new ECI account . I am receiving urgent calls from ECI traders and hope you give me some answers since Cheryl is in a meeting . Can we execute the ECI agreement today ? Have we agreed on the assignment ? Does the assignment also provide for the transfer of the Master Securities Loan Agreement ? Regarding the new ENE guaranty , Cheryl has told me that this was already requested . I'll check on the expedited delivery date . Please call me when you receive this email . Thanks very much for your attention to this matter .
Tom: Which accounts are being transferred to Bear ? Are these internal account numbers ? Thanks
Martin: further to my earlier email , the U.S . changes ( relating to the Act ) were previously sent to the attention of Mark Evans for the appropriate distribution .
FYI
Enron North America Corp . will be the contracting party . For your information , Enron Corp . is the parent . The street address is listed below ( the "EB" number is my location) . Please call me in the a.m . for other questions you may have .
Hi , Linda and Sharon: Please let me know if Russell sent revised worksheets to you guys . I left a message for him a few minutes ago . I know he goes on vacation Thursday . Thanks .
Wednesday , March 28 is the target execution date for the ECI customer agreement and assignment ( from ENA ) of the Securities Loan Agreement/credit book . I am not certain if Cheryl was able to expedite delivery of the new ENE guaranty .
Susan: Are you the "someone" who will prepare execution copies ? Strange .
Susan: Put this on your list ( it is not urgent) . Please send to Martin Rosell or advise him of the location of ENA's revised ISDA Schedule . Thanks .
Bob: Thanks for the update . No need to call back but here are my comments: Allied Waste North America - please follow up on your own as the paralegals don't have the resources right now for handling all of Sam's load FirstEnergy Services Corp - please have your assistant redline changes since this is also one of Sam's items City of Palo Alto and Macquarie Inc . ( or "Bank Ltd" ) - neither of these are on anyone's radar screen so please proceed as you wish Proctor & Gamble - please return to me for further handling . Ed Quinn is leaving Enron Thanks and let me know if you have any questions .
Linda: Carol St . Clair is one of the Houston lawyers handling Canadian matters . She will speak with Russell this morning about revising the credit worksheets and will be available to answer questions . Her extension is 33989 . Also , as Tana mentioned in her email yesterday , both Susan Bailey and Stephanie Panus are the paralegals in Houston who create the omnibus confirms having credit and you should always feel free to contact them . P.S . Russell is going on vacation this week and I don't know who will handle Canadian credit issues in his absence .
With respect to Enron Credit Ltd. , please note that ENA has and executed master with FUNB . Let Susan Bailey know if you need a copy of the agreement .
Ken: Good idea ! Carol St . Clair is handling this agreement . Please give her a call at X33989 .
( 1 ) The only agreement that ENA is assigning is the Securities Loan Agreement . ( 2 ) Remember , ENA is also assigning the "credit book" ( identified in Sheila's earlier email and more clearly identified in Tom Doukas' email of yesterday which I forwarded to ;you yesterday) .
Sheila and Tom need to know the status . Please advise them mid-day .
Hey , DUDE ! Have you forgotten to read your Lotus Notes today ? Looks like this one filtered through lots of people ( since you left , multiple people fill your shoes) . And where did you hear it was nice over in Houston ? It's raining with a high of 54 F . But it is supposed to reach mid-70's over the weekend . I'll ask Susan B . to send you a copy . Stay tuned for the mad cow email .
Not urgent . Rod Nelson would like a copy of the FUNB Schedule/CSA . He'll be doing the Enron Credit Ltd . master . Thanks .
Thanks so much .
Corinne: Just checking to see if you had sent execution copies of the agreement . I spoke with Mike Schneider last week to verify our acceptance of the rate schedule . Please let me know when we can execute - my traders are calling ! Thanks .
Attached are the final blacklines for the seasonal and daily FX products . Also , we can discuss Justin's latest description .
Corinne: Please ignore the earlier message . See below . Thanks .
Stewart: Per your voice mail , I have not yet received any credit from Tracy and , consequently , have not sent a master to the WAPA lawyer . Do you want me to send a "sample governmental master agreement" which would not be tailored
All: Attached are the two ( 2 ) final version GTC's . The legal terminology is identical for each product . However , Stuart needs to provide a title for each product which will also appear in the Paragraph 1 . The former Paragraph 2 has been deleted ( it contained the "confirmation terms" ) and the remaining paragraphs renumbered . Justin: Will you circulate the revised long description ( since your conversation with Stuart yesterday afternoon) ? Also , will you let us all know when we are competely done ? Please call with comments as soon as possible .
Subsequent to our swap group meeting with Clement last week , I have discussed the issue further with Jeff Hodge , Peter Keohane , Russell Diamond and Clem . In addition to ENA , ECC is feeling the pressure of delays for obtaining corporate guaranties caused by increased guaranty requests , too few signers and insufficient legal staffing to handle the volume . Although Clem will have assistance soon , we concluded that it would be prudent to begin negotiation of a guaranty immediately rather than wait for the conclusion of the master agreement ( or confirmation ) negotiations . Please try to incorporate this approach , particularly with Canadian counterparties . Credit will continue to push our internal form of Enron Corp . guaranty .
Tracy: The Allegheny swap side letter provides that the parties will make a good faith effort to negotiate the ISDA master by April 6 . I am waiting with the firrst redraft of the agreement but can't get a response from anyone as to whom and where to send ( via email) . I've left voice mails for Yair and Kate at Allegheny and Lauren at Sullivan and Cromwell . Can you exert some pressure here ?
Hi , Lauren: I cannot find the new email address for the Allegheny lawyer for delivery of a revised ISDA Schedule . I left a voice mail for Yair Yaish and for Laurie but have not heard back . Can you provide me with the latest information ? Are you the lawyer who should receive this Schedule ? Please let me hear from you . Thanks .
Attached is a blacklined ( against the Enron North America Corp . draft of 3/15/01 ) Schedule and Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex . I have tried to incorporate the essence of the March 19 , 2001 "swap side letter agreement." Please call me to discuss as it would be nice to finalize by April 6 . Thanks .
Paul: Carol will handle the hedge funds . Thanks .
Tracy: Lauren called me and I was able to reach Yair . Thanks .
Susan: Just a reminder that our meeting is at 10:00 am on Wednesday , 38C1 . Please confirm that you will be able to attend and speak to us re: tax issues for derivatives . I am glad to assist in any way . Thanks .
Russ and Richard: The referenced agreement was sent to you for execution on December 7 , 2000 . We have never received an executed original of the agreement or the guaranty from Lehman Bros . Holdings Inc . We have called on several occasions to locate these instruments . Please let us know if there is a problem .
FYI
Jorge: You sent Annex 1 which I already have . I'd like to see Annex II which you reference in Paragraph 4 of your confirmation .
Cheryl: Per my voice mail .
Cheryl: Attached are a series of messages regarding the Enron Credit Inc . slate of officers . This has been going on for some time .
Cheryl: 1 . & 3 . You should verify wtih Cheryl Lewis whose information is in Lotus Notes . I do not have correct spelling of name or her fax number . 2 . Officers need to be confirmed through the Enron Corp . corporate secretary's office . See the separate email I just sent you .
Melba: It looks fine . Do you remove the footer from the document when it goes online ?
Jorge: I may send you some emails throughout the day to help clarify some things for me . Where are your definitions of "Calculation Period" and "IPA Modified Calculation Period" ? In your definition of "IPA Floating Rate Payment" , you use the term "Share Spread" which is not defined . What do you mean ? There is a dangling definition of "Share Spread" at the end of the IPA Compensation section , but it refers to spreads appearing in either Annex I or Annex II . In the "IPA Compensation" section , how is "a negative IPA elected" ? Who is making an election ? Let's discuss tomorrow .
Tanya: Carol and I would like to meet with you tomorrow ( Wed. ) at 11 am . The credit worksheet would be a very timely issue for us . Does the time work for you ?
George: 1 . You didn't answer my question about "Calculation Period" and "IPA Modified Calculation Period" . 2 . Are you saying that EEL "elects" to increase/decrease the Basket Component Shares ? Are you saying that the "IPA Number of Shares" is negative or the IPA is negative ? Is the IPA negative when the Initial Price exceeds the Relevant Price ?
Mark your calendar .
Laurel: Does Jorge have a background in equity swaps ?
Cheryl: 1 . Check the comments for Ms . Lewis' information . 2 . No , I indicated that the assignment and account agreement were essential . I did not say that accompanying docs were not required . I suggested that someone should verify with Cheryl Lewis . Often , the broker will rely on our relationship and subsequent delivery of accompanying docs . This must be determined on an ad hoc basis .
ours
Cheryl: Glad you got the info ! Let me know if you need anything further .
Yes , I did , but I had an error in your email address that I didn't correct . Do we need to do something about that ? Are you supposed to receive information ?
Let's send out this in the morning ( if possible) . Is the worksheet attached ? I couldn't access it . We'll need address into from John Malowney ( Portland ) if Wendy doesn't have it .
Sounds like Keegan has somethig wrong . I have no meetings scheduled with you tomorrow . I don't know anything about a 9 am meeting . The brokerage meetings were originally scheduled every other week until we could bring ourselves up to date ( and we met last week) . The swap group meeting is always held twice monthly . Hope this helps .
Cheryl: I think it would be helpful for the desk and legal to retain monthly meetings just to stay abreast of activity and expectations . Why don't we keep the end of month meetings ? I'll resend the schedule to you .
FYI
I'm reviewing the draft now . Who do we send this draft to ? Do we have an email address ? Let me know .
All: Attached for your convenience is the CWT memo .
Paul: Cheryl Nelson ( X54693 ) is our new lawyer handling brokerage agreements . She has the Trading Edge file and can review the outstanding issues wtih you . Please give her a call in the morning . Thanks .
Tanya: You were going to let me know about the cross default for the two swaps . Thanks .
Hi , Michael: Per my voice mail , I am interested in purchasing a case of Skewis half-bottles ( any vineyard) . Do you have 12 bottles available ? That is my first request . If you don't have 12 Skewis , then I may have to search for alternatives . Shipment for this case will be directly to: New Orleans , LA 70130 We can discuss payment when I hear from you . Thanks for your help . Please respond to "Michael Rapp"
Thanks . I'll try to get to this tonight or in the morning .
Kim: Attached are my comments .
John: If Stephanie was unable to send today , she ( or I ) will do it in the a.m . Unfortunately , she is the only paralegal in the office right now . Thanks for your patience .
When you have a chance
Kim: Anytime this afternoon or tomorrow ( before noon ) is fine .
Frank: Can you handle ?
Dee: Hope you had a good vacation . I sent a copy of the Enron North America Corp . ISDA Schedule/CSA to Rod Nelson who is the credit person in London reviewing credit for ECL . Rod can be reached at 011-44-20-7783-5275 , I need to send the Enron Corp . Schedule to you .
All: Effective March 19 , 2001 , AESC and ENA entered into a "Side Letter Agreement" which is an ISDA Master Agreement from a legal perspective . ENA and AESC have agreed this morning to negotiate and execute a new ISDA Master Agreement by April 13 , 2001 . Until that date , however , we can confirm financial trades between ENA and AESC under the Side Letter Agreement . Attached below is a markup of an ISDA form of confirmation which contains language for these confirmations ( the draft was prepared for Kim Hundl handling financial power) . Please let me know if you have any questions .
Kim: It looks fine , and , you should use this format until the ISDA is executed . We spoke with Allegheny this morning and they promise to execute next week .
Diane: Attached is a blackline for the first deal ( but you should use the language for both deals) . Let me know if you have any questions .
Cheryl: Just a bit of history: I think that the partial listing of officers on the ( authorized traders ) list is only meant to be illustrative of corporate officers and directors . The ENA unanimous consent for the relevant company is the authority for document execution . If , for example , a VP is authorized to execute for a particular company ( by virtue of a corporate resolution or unanimous consent ) and that particular VP's name does not appear in the partial listing , exection is not invalidated . The execution is valid . Have you had a broker question ENA's authority ?
Stephanie: AESC and Enron North America Corp . have an executed master agreement currently in the form of a "side letter ISDA agreement" which is enforceable and sufficient to permit online financial trading for gas and power .
I have no preferance but it looks like the 24th is best .
each period from , and including , one Valuation Date to , but excluding the next following applicable Valuation Date during the Term of the Transaction , except that ( a ) the initial Calculation Period will commence on , and include , January 17 , 2001 and ( b ) the final Calculation Period will end on , but exclude , the Termination Date .
Approved for LPG EOL trading ( with Tom Moran credit approval) .
Hi , Michael - hope all is well . Just curious if London might be interested in a George Washington University MBA ( International Business ) looking for work in London or Europe . She is a family friend . She is bilingual ( Swedish and English ) and fluent in French and German . She also has work experience . I am going to send her resume to HR in Houston and suggest her for the analyst/associate program . However , I wasn't certain as to whether the London/European offices worked through a different processs . Please let me know if you think there may be some interest .
Has anyone handled ?
No , thanks . I'll wait for Cheryl's review .
thanks . I only asked Keegan for the most recent version since I misplaced it . She misread my message . In any event , I told her I'd wait for the updated version . Also , you know Stephanie is on vacation this week .
Ed: Further to my voice mail of earlier today , the CI guaranty appears to be limited in duration but there is not a specific term . How long must the guaranty remain effective ?
Mara: Attached are blacklined versions based upon Cargill's comments to both the Enron Corp . and Cargill , Incorporated which I received from Ed Sacks . Please note that I added a comma to guarantor's name in the Cargill , Incorporated guaranty since that is how we executed the Cargill , Incorporated ISDA Master Agreement . Also , your change to the setoff language is fine . Let's try to agree to everything this week . Thanks .
Ed: For the Additional Event of Default ( ratings trigger) , do you intend the MAC to apply when only one or both credit ratings disappear ?
Tanya: Do we need to differentiate between the MAC as used in the CSA and in the Schedule ( as an "Additional Event of Default" ) with respect to the disappearance of a credit rating from either S&P or Moody's ( or both ) based on your usage in power masters ? I believe that we agreed that for purposes of the CSA ( when S&P and Moody's are indicated on the credit worksheet) , both ratings must disappear to trigger the MAC . For purposes of an Additional Event of Default , should we just pose the question to credit ?
Mark: When you have a few minutes , I'm glad to discuss continuing "training" and balancing workloads . Mary has no one to unload Canada and structured transactions ( Global Finance ) since Carol does not have time for either . Angela has no time for equity deals . I think we need a backup for each . Perhaps Anne Koehler fits the bill . Or Cheryl . Each of Anne and Cheryl need ISDA experience . I don't know Francisco's longer term schedule and maybe you need to speak with him and/or Mark Haedicke about his contined international workload . This could turn into a "Yao long term project."
Per my voice mail .
SECOND REQUEST Russ and Richard: I have never had a response from anyone at Lehman about my prior attached message . Will one of you please call me ?
Yes , "eligible contract participant" ( "ECP" ) is an issue . Both ENA and ECTRI are Delaware corporations and are therefore subject to the jurisdiction of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( the U.S . regulatory agency with oversight for derivatives) . As a practical matter , I understand that ECTRI does have many executed ISDA agreements . I do not know the volume of "omnibus" trades . However , the ECTRI omnibus should have ECP representations in the annex .
Kristina: Please call me at work ( 713-853-5620 ) or at home ( 713-664-3207) . I have some information for you .
I believe Frank is handling . Is there a problem ? I approved them for LPG online last Friday ( I think Tom Moran handled from credit) .
Holli: EWEB's Board Resolution of December 5 , 2000 permits financial hedging in general and authorizes: "The General Manager or other authorized officers as noted in the Power Risk Management Guidelines to execute confirmations of transactions within the limits specified in the Power Risk Management Guidelines." Each time ENA trades with EWEB , the trader must verify whether the EWEB trader is authorized under the then current version of the Power Risk Management Guidelines . Each date you execute a trade: ( 1 ) you will need a list of authorized traders ( authorized to enter into derivative transactions ) certified by EWEB's secretary to be correct as of the Trade Date and ( 2 ) a statement certified by EWEB's secretary that the Transaction falls within the limits specified in the most current version of the Power Risk Management Guidelines , effective as of the Trade Date . We have only a portion of the Power Risk Management Guidelines and it is dated April 19 , 1999 . Our version is incomplete and probably outdated . Maybe EWEB will provide you with the current version . It would be a lot easier if EWEB's resolution simply authorized it to enter into financial trades documented under the ISDA ( which is what most resolutions permit) . However , EWEB did not obtain a broad resolution . To Melissa , Sharen and Kim: We should also verify that our confirmations contain these representations . Please talk to me .
FYI
I don't understand your message . Parties must be "eligible" at the time each Transaction is entered into .
I'm running behind and will try to review first thing in the a.m .
Please find out if Cheryl wants to cancel the brokerage meeting tomorrow . It's fine with me .
Kaye: Can you please email the prior report to me ? Thanks .
Jorge: The attached confirmation looks fine . However , you did not attach Annex II which is referenced all over the confirmation . For future reference , "Calculation Period(s)" should be used for multiple periods .
Tanya: Once again , we need a master for Pushkar's FX trading . The counterparty's name is: I am constantly receiving calls for this agreement . Please asssign . Thanks .
Not yet . Please send final version of Annex II .
Cheryl: We'll email the draft ISDA Schedule and CSA to you and Chuck . Please email me back with address , phone , email , etc . information as to how you would like the drafts sent . Thanks .
Does anyone have this file ?
Janie: I prepared a format last week for Allegheny for use until the ISDA Master Agreement is executed . Let me know if you have any questions .
Bob: Have you followed up with this company ? If not , please do and let us know ( in Lotus Notes) . Thanks .
Just a head's up on NUI - I'll let you know when I hear from Stacy .
I am interested in parking in the Enron Center Garage . Please advise of availability .
Please prepare a new ISDA . I'm waiting for instructions from the counterparty as to distribution .
Attached is my redline . Call me so that we can discuss the remaining issues , including: ( 1 ) Calculation Agent . We believe that the existing dispute mechanism is adequate . ( 2 ) Procedures for Entering into Transactions . There is no procedure for dual confirms . This is too confusing . ( 3 ) Transfer . We cannot agree to your assignment provision as it is too subjective . The other changes were not substantive .
Diane: Attached are my revisions to the form of confirmation ( which are NOT on the actual confirms you will be using) . You will need to incorporate the section entitled "Additional Provisions" and you will also need to add the Exhibit A guaranty . Please let me ( and Mark Beese ) review before this is sent . Please call if you have questions.l
Susan: This is for the ING master . We need to email to Cheryl and her colleagues .
Susan: more info for ING to add to Lotus Notes .
I would like to attend .
Cheryl: Can you please forward a copy of the ECI resolution(s ) ( or consent ) which was used to establish the Bear account and Securites Loan Agreement ? We need to determine all products authorized for ECI trading . Also , copies of Enron Credit Limited authorizations would be useful . Thanks for your help .
It's a good thing you didn't try to get back to me ! Sorrry .
Bob: ( 1 ) got a vm from Carol and she really needs the EES C.A . - I know she left you a vm ( 2 ) surprise ! I just received an email from Cargill asking about none other than setoff Part ( b) ! Let me know what you find out .
Cheryl: All resolutions and consents for Enron companies subject to oversight by our group must be approved by Mark Taylor .
Mike: At Janelle's request , please find attached Enron North America Corp.'s orignial draft of the ISDA Schedule and Paragraph 13 prepared for you earlier this year .
Ed: In case you are wondering about Cargill-Alliant .
Diane: Looks like the guarantor will have to change to: NUI Corp . ( and replace NUI Utilities , Inc. ) This will require changes to the "Additional Provisions" section , part ( b ) and the Exhibit A . We will target Monday morning to finalize . Thanks .
Dick: Attached are my comments to the certificates . We will need to attach the form of confirmation to be certain that each particular transaction is authorized . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks .
Sent for execution on April 6 . Aneela called JP to hurry them along for final docs . You may need to call them as we've not received account information .
Tracy: Please read Yair's message and let me know asap . It appears from his email that this is the only remaining issue . I'm in today until about 3 pm Houston .
I've left a message with Tracy Ngo ( in Portland ) and will let you know as soon as I hear from her . How long will you be in the office today ?
Stephanie: please note below .
Ellen: I've reviewed WestLB's optional early termination language which is similar to the other's which I've reviewed ( e.g. , Goldman , Chase , Merrill , etc.) . Here's how it works for your 3/26/01 - 3/26/21 swap: ( 1 ) March 28 , 2011 is the "Break Date" or "Early Termination Date" . ( 2 ) Either party can give notice of early termination to the other party on the day that is 5 NY Business Days prior to the Break Date . By the way , this is also the day on which the parties must mutually agree on 5 leading dealers in the relevant market in case the valuation process in ( 3 ) below is later disputed by the other party . ( 3 ) The party giving notice determines ( in good faith ) the Cash Settlement Amount as of 11 a.m . NY time on the Break Date ( which should be the mid-market value of the deal on the Break Date . ( 4 ) Payment will occur on the Break Date . ( 5 ) I am adding a provision requiring the exercising party to notify the other party on the day that is 3 NY Business Days prior to the Break Date . There may be a dispute over the calculation and the parties will need to resolve . ( 6 ) If the parties cannot agree on the Cash Settlement Amount calculation , then the party who gave notice seeks mid-market quotes from the 5 leading dealers ( previously agreed to ) at 11 a.m . on the day that is 2 NY Business Days before the Break Date . The confirm describes how the quotes are averaged . A minimum of 3 quotes is essential . Payment is still made on the Break Date . George: ( 1 ) Please verify that the Break Date is 3/28/11 . My copy is a little fuzzy and the date could actually be 3/26/11 . ( 2 ) I've marked the confirm and faxed it to you . Please note that: ( a ) the second paragraph purports to incorporate the 1991 ISDA Definitions but the master overrides this language because it incorporates the 1991 Definitions "as amended , modified , superceded or replaced from time to time" ( i.e. , the 2000 ISDA Definitions) . There is a problem if WestLB disagrees because I've left some language in Paragraph 3 "as is" since it is based upon the 2000 ISDA Definitions . ( b ) no need to say that the Calculation Agent is "as otherwise stated in the Agreement" because WestLB is stated to be the Calculation Agent in the Agreement .
I'll call in a few
Tanya: After the last meeting , I promised to ask you about the following: ( 1 ) Nova Scotia Power Inc . - this shows up as "credit review" . Should this remain on the list and if so , is there anything that legal needs to do ? ( 2 ) Occidental Energy Marketing , Inc . - this is the new "Forest Oil" of the list so I say let's forget it . No , seriously , Carol did revisit the latest draft and said it was pared down about as far as it could go . Further , she cannot get anyone at Occidental to return phone calls . Please let me know what you would like to do .
All: ( 1 ) Joe and I have reviewed the Termination Agreement for Mercado and it looks fine . ( 2 ) I suggest that the following language be added to the bottom of a revised invoice ( revised because the comment section which indicates the NF1164.Y is an annuity completed on 04/11/01 is inaccurate): Mercado Gas Services , Inc . acknowledges that payment for Deal No . NF1164.Y is made in partial consideration of that certain Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated as of April 5 , 2001 by and among Mercado Gas Services , Inc. , Williams Energy Marketing & Trading Company and Enron North America Corp . MERCADO GAS SERVICES , INC . By: _________________________ Name: ______________________ Title: ________________________ ( 3 ) Joe and I have the following questions: ( a ) If the assignment to Williams was effective 4/5/01 , why are we looking at figures from 4/9/01 and 4/11/01 , respectively ? ( b ) In lieu of ( a ) above , have ENA and Mercado already agreed to the numbers appearing on the invoice ?
Tracy , how is this: Regarding the "Transfer" language for Allegheny ( Party B) , we have the following proposal: "Party B may transfer its rights and obligations under this Agreement , in whole but not in part , to any Affiliate provided that ( 1 ) such transfer will not give rise to a Termination Event or an Event of Default , and ( 2 ) ( i ) the creditworthiness of the Affiliate is not materially weaker than that of Party B immediately prior to such transfer , unless Party B provides a satisfactory guaranty or credit support to the Affiliate , or ( ii ) the proposed Affiliate satisfies the criteria that Party A applies in deciding whether to offer or make an extension of credit or to enter into transactions similar to the Transactions subject to the proposed transfer."
Tracy has agreed to the language below which would be added as ( d ) to the "Transfer" section:
Mark: I have changed my vacation to the week of May 7 - 11 rather than the following week .
Tom: I am not certain that the existing resolution permits repurchase and reverse repurchase transactions and securities lending , bonds borrow pledge , etc . as the brokerage consent was not written to accommodate these types of transactions . However , if the repo party will accept our existing format , then we need not worry . I'll call Ted Leh and try to find the proper Goldman person .
Sorry , but the invitation asked for reply by April 20 . I have emailed the Feinbergs of my acceptance .
Yes , I will attend ( one person) . Thank you .
I will as soon as I determine vacation plans .
Sure . I think we should ask Paul R . if anyone else from credit is necessary ( London , perhaps? ) and from legal , you , Brent and me . Also , we need to refine the offsite now that we have a date set . I will be on vacation during the week of May 7 - 11 . Were you able to put a list together ?
Yes , it's being handled . Thanks .
FYI - I am reviewing
Gail: Attached is a form of ECI unanimous consent . Will you accept fhis for the purpose of signing a repo agreement and transacting thereunder ? Please let me know . Also , you can email repo documents to me . Thanks .
Carol: ( 1 ) see Tanya's note re: Occidental ( 2 ) I think I negotiated either a confirm or Schedule with a Trust ( I'll try to find) . Of course , there are lots of structured deals with Trusts . ( 3 ) I don't have strong feelings about the offsite - but I'd vote for the a.m . rather than change the legal credit seminar to accommodate the offsite .
LDNGC Series 1998 A Trust
Tom: I forwarded a copy of the ECI unanimous consent to Goldman to see if they will accept "as is" . I have not heard back . Goldman legal will email repo docs . Regarding Enron Credit Limited ( "ECL") , I spoke with Goldman commercial and understand that someone ( don't know who ) from London ECL contacted Goldman inquiring about repos . I'm happy to facilitate with contacts , etc . so please let me know .
Carol: I can't recall if we discussed but this was one CP discussed at out last legal/credit meeting . We should update at next meeting .
How can I get in touch with Derek Lee ?
Gail: The commercial team is pressuring for a fairly quick implementation of a repo agreement . If the consent which I sent yesterday is not satisfactory , please advise as soon as possible so that I can obtain a repo specific consent . Also , could you please submit repo documents to me for review . I do not know who may have contacted you from the London group ( Enron Credit Ltd. ) but we can surely coordinate . That entity should have its own form of unanimous consent or resolution . Thanks for your help .
The prior trading dispute resulted from a plastics deal and Doug Friedman was the trader . I would check with Doug .
Jim and Rex: The Lehman Bros . form of "put" works fine from a legal perspective . Yesterday , I faxed to you one of the "puts" with underlined language reflecting differences in securities language from our prior swap/forward deals with Lehman . The differences may be alright for purposes of the "puts" . Please let Jeff know if the "puts" are acceptable for execution ( from the securities perspective) . I have already initialed the documents from the swap perspective . Let me know if you have any questions . As usual , thanks for your help .
Hey , you and I think alike ( being that we were raised by the same GAM&D crew) . Lawyer Burlingame was unavailable when I called to wish him the best , and of course , he has no email address . Maybe a joint belated call tomorrow ? Please respond to pkdaigle
Attached is a draft doc ( I didn't change the Schedule yet ) which we can discuss in the a.m . I apologize in advance for errors/misunderstandings but this can be easily rectified .
Did you speak with your ECTRIC credit counterpart ? Who is it ? Did he make this inquiry already ? One of you needs to speak wtih Total . The "due diligence" issue is a credit responsibility . Please let us know how we can help .
Michael: Attached is a revised blackline of the Enron Corp . guaranty for your review . Please let us have your comments .
Dick: I am suggesting a minor change to the "Power Risk Management Committee" certificate ( to eliminate the reference to the Exhibit "A") . If we leave the reference in the certificate , you will always have to label the confirm as Exhibit "A" and resend the completed papers to us . Please let me know if you are alright with this change . If so , we ask that you please resend the certificate dated April 12 , 2001 . If you do not wish to make the change , please resend the two certificates to which the confirmation labeled Exhibit "A" is attached . Please call if you have any questions . Thanks .
Janelle: I'm not sure if this is what you want but take a look . I opted to not use "call" , "strike" , etc . language but feel free to edit . I am in a meeting until 3:30 but you can reach me through my assistant Kaye Ellis ( X35968) .
Can't recall if I asked you to reassign to another paralegal . Please let me know . Thanks .
Tanya: Bob Crane did a deal with the Canadian party identified below . Sounds like he originally told our FX trader that the parties would be EGM ( actually ENA ) and Enron Industrial Markets ( "EIM") . In the end , EIM was not the correct party but the Canadian party was the correct party . Is this trade between ENA and Compagnie de Papiers Stadacona authorized by credit ? Is the company eligible ? Please let me know what you think . Thanks .
Mary: Can you assign Susan to this one since she's already working on the omnibus and revising a prior trade ?
Yair: Are we finished ? Please let me know . Thanks .
Hi , Matthew , sorry for the late response but I am the right person for receipt of your inquiry . Please advise what products we will trade . Thanks very much . Please respond to Matthew.Flett
Frank: Please refresh my geriatric mind ! Are you handling this one ?
Tracy: Can you call me and let's get Yair on the phone so that we can finalize Allegheny ? Thanks . P.S . Did you hear that Janice is moving back to VA ?
All: I received a draft master agreement from MSCS for proposed execution with Enron North America Corp . Are any of you trying to push execution of this agreement ? Have either of Enron Credit , Inc . or Enron Credit Limited been speaking with MSCS about this ? Please advise . Thanks .
Tanya: For purposes of "Transfer" , shall we permit both parties to transfer to Affiliates ? Would FUNB require a guaranty ? Or do we feel strongly that neither party should have the ability to transfer except with the written consent of the other party ?
Yes , I'm available . What time works for you ? I'd rather go after 111:45 .
Tom: Thanks for the info . I did not receive anything from you yesterday ( Wed. , April18) . Please update . Thanks .
See ya in el lobbyo at noon
Mara: ( 1 ) The second setoff paragraph is intended to allow the Non-defaulting party to withhold payment if is not paid amounts that , for whatever reason , do not qualify for setoff . ( 2 ) My credit group is calling to inquire about the delay . Can you elaborate further or better yet , ask Andrzej to contact Ed Sacks ? Thanks . ( 3 ) Can we finalize the agreement even though we have not concluded the guaranties ? Thanks .
Thanks . We amended the guaranty yesterday to do just that . We are trying to have the guaranty executed . Stephanie: We will ultimately need to attach the "Clement approved" form of guaranty to the Confirmation . Also , we may as well note the new guaranty in the amendment to the first transaction .
Stephanie: The attached message is only for the email address . Please send the Annex B/B-1 blackline for ConEd to Michael Forte ( email below ) and Janelle Scheuer . I'm looking at the amendment now . Thanks so much .
Carson: I'm on the phone with Donna and due to our extremely busy schedules we have penciled in May 16 as D-Day ( you know , "dinner date") . After the Enron legal conference , I'm on vacation which is the reason for the May date . Before the Enron legal conference , Donna is out of town most of the time . So - please let us hear from you . Did you remember Monty's birthday ?
Caroline: Please give me a call when you're off the phone . Thanks .
April 17
Paul: Were you going to send me a worksheet or email ? Given that this is a long term deal , do you want to set a deadline for negotiating an ISDA ( and make it an event of default) ?
Carol: Regarding a "hedge fund meeting" next week , I have spoken with most of the likely participants and everyone is eager to meet next week . I'll fill you in on details in person . I think the following people should attend: Fred Lagrasta Caroline Abramo Robyn Zivic Russell Dyk you Brent me I believe that we have a mushrooming "process" issue . I also believe that the credit group is part of the problem ( we should have a separate discussion with Paul to discuss potential hedge fund credit issues - maybe there are none and maybe our legal choices are unimportant to credit) . My observations are that all hedge funds need not be "last minute" deals , Caroline can be our ally and needs to learn our documents and credit needs to advise legal sooner . I have asked Caroline to prepare a list of all funds she is currently working with , has already discussed with Paul or is considering . Afternoon is best . Shall I schedule or have you already begun ?
Gail: Is the attached Master Repurchase Agreement used by both GS&Co as well as GSI ? It looks like both Enron companies ( U.S and U.K. ) will want repos and the U.S . company .  What is the difference in the forms used by GS&Co and GSI ? Any word on the consent ? Thanks .
Matthew: In conjunction with our negotiation of an ISDA , I thought I'd mention that we may also need a repo agreement for non-U.S . bonds . I don't know which Morgan entity would be the appropriate party . Would you please advise and forward documentation . Thanks .
Thanks . Any word on the consent ?
GS&Co and GSI have different repo agreements and these are generated from different offices . I have been placed in touch with the London lawyer who handles GSI . Tom: I have asked again about the form of ECI consent .
Kaye: Please reschedule the meeting for an afternoon meeting ( best after 3 pm Houston ) to include the following people: Fred Lagrasta Paul Radous Caroline Abramo ( NY - she can be available by phone ) Robyn Zivic Russ Dyk Carol Brent me
Anna: I would like to fax the resume of Kristina Fisher to you ( I do not have a word version to email) . She is the candidate about whom we spoke recently . I have also asked Kristina to visit the website "www.enroncareers.com" and apply through that process . I assume that you are the person who receives inquiries on the website . Please advise me of your fax number and I can send the resume directly to you . Thanks so much for your interest .
attached is a sample option - please remove footnotes
Jay and Wendy: I haven't heard back from Tracy about the Transfer issue . Can you answer the question instead of Tracy ? I think this is the only issue before we sign the
Tanya: Our FX/currency traders in London need an ISDA with MSCI . Rod prepared a credit work sheet on 6/16/00 . The negotiations never went anywhere . MSCI has now sent their form of agreement . Do you want to propose new credit or use the existing credit from last year ?
Hi , Kristina: It was great speaking with you last night ! Hope your dad is home and doing well . I have contacted two different offices within Enron . The first is Human Resources in Houston . I suggested to them that you might be a good candidate for the associate/analyst program but they may think of other positions as well . I don't know how quickly that office might respond so let me know . The second "office" is directly to London . There is a woman in London named Anna Jansson who is currently leading efforts for the associate/analyst program in the Eastern Hemisphere . I have spoken with Anna and she has asked that you visit the website "www.enroncareers.com" and apply through the site . She already knows your name and I am trying to fax your resume ( business resume ) to her as well . When you visit the site , you may decide to use a different resume; just let me know . Just in case you would like to call directly , Anna's number in London ( dialed from the U.S. ) is 011-44-20-7783-5912 . The company directory shows her email address as "anna_jansson@enron.net" ( which looks a little weird to me) . Please keep in touch and let me know if you receive responses ( or don't hear back ) so that I can follow up internally . By the way , you have an impressive resume . Please feel free to call me at anytime . I hope we get to meet soon .
Kaye: Without making this too complicated , Frank Sayre wants to join in . And I am waiting to hear when Caroline Abramo will be in Houston . Thursday and Friday are not acceptable dates . Please call me Monday morning . Thanks . p.s . The essential invitees are Fred , Paul , Caroline and either Carol or me .
Caroline: Fred wants to meet in the afternoon . Does Tuesday afternoon work for you ( after 3 pm) ?
We will keep the 10 am meeting on Tuesday , April 24 , EB 38C2 ( legal and credit only) . We will also schedule a meeting at 3 pm ( same day after legal/credit regular meeting ) with Fred , Caroline , Russell Dyk and Robyn Zivic . Fred could not meet in the morning and he is an integral part of the process we are trying to develop for hedge funds . I apologize if all of the lawyers cannot meet at 3 pm but at least one lawyer in attendance should keep us on track .
Fred cannot meet at 10 am Tuesday morning . We will meet at 3pm Tuesday , location TBD .
Just spoke with Mark Russell . SRP will be in Houston next week on Wednesday and Thursday and would like to meet to discuss the ISDA with legal and credit . I told Mark that I was available Wed . and Thurs . morning . Are you guys available at the same time ? Jay - please call me with your bond rating info so that I can email a draft agreement to SRP .
Kim: Mark Russell asked what lawyer will handle the gas master physical . Have you spoken with a physical lawyer yet ?
( 1 ) We're keeping the Tuesday , 10 am ( no need to send any emails ) ( 2 ) We're adding a Tuesday , 3 pm and we need a conference room . A message about the 3 pm should be sent to everyone in my earlier message .
Is there any intention of selling off equity in this company ? If so , in the near future ?
Caroline: I am in the midst of preparing these annexes now . You should take special note of the credit that Paul is insisting upon ( seems to be similar to AIG) . This is all credit - but note his Additional Termination Event if the ISDA is not executed within 60 days . You must discuss all of the items with your counterparty . Also , if you do the deal(s) , give me the name , phone/fax numbers , email addresses of all commercial and legal for your counterparties .
Paul: With respect to Valentis: ( a ) Does the MAC apply to both S&P and Moody's ? ( not clear from worksheet ) ( b ) Are the financial covenants Events of Default or Termination Events ? ( looks like these were Termination Events in AIG ) ( c ) Is this deal two-way margining ? You have set 0 Thresholds but indicated Return/Delivery for both parties . Our discussion of last week may have changed ( we discussed one-way margining for CP only) . I'll have the same questions for CD Holdings .
Paul: Further to my earlier email: Do you want to request the language which we have devised for ( 1 ) hedge fund monthly account statements and ( 2 ) quarterly/annual engineering reserve reports ? Please call to discuss . Caroline says she may be transacting today .
Please add to your calendar .
I received the referenced agreement in inter-office mail . According to Cheryl's latest report , identical agreements were executed by both ENA and ECT Investments , Inc . on or about 4/12/01 . What is it that you are asking us to do with the draft from "Jamie" ?
We need to call these guys .
Here it is - I didn't prepare the "Annex 1" chart but it is noted
I don't
Anna: Could I please have your email address ? Is it "anna.jansson@enron.com" ? Also , are you interested in receiving Kristina Fisher's resume via facsimile ? Regards
Kristina: I thought her email address looked a little odd . Until I hear further , you might try: "anna.jansson@enron.com" I'll let you know if she answers my inquiry . Regards .
Michael: I didn't receive a redraft of the confirm; did you ? We are checking on the ENE guaranty and will let you know .
Melissa: We agreed to the form of confirm with ConEd last night . Michael Forte was to send the redraft to Michael Brown . I haven't seen it yet . Sounds like there will be a plain vanilla swap also , which should look like ( format ) the one we did in January .
Melissa: a spark spread is basis swap ( gas/power spread ) I found an old ENMAX confirm but I don't have a word version; I'm know we've done others possibly in draft format let me know if you have questions . Kim: When you have a minute , please call . Thanks .
Chris: We should chat . Per the ISDA , ENA is the calc agent and we have already agreed to usual Market Disruption Events and fallbacks in the ISDA . If you want to change the ISDA agreement , then we can consider the items which Merchant has included in the draft . As calc agent , we should create a draft and send the form to you for review . However , I do need you to explain/verify Floating Price B . And verify rounding convention which differs from our standard . Please call to discuss .
Stephanie: Let me know what you think about the ConEd comments .
FYI
Becky: Please send email to : Tell her ( Maud Perrodin ) that Brent received her document ( it was an ISDA? ) and could she please respond with the name of the commercial person(s ) at Enron with whom she has been speaking . She is interested in weather trading . Please enter into Lotus Notes .
I ordered a $75 flower arrangement for Kaye to be delivered today and signed all of our names . Sorry for not checking with each of you individually beforehand . If you would like to contribute , the cost will be $18.75 each . I'll absorb delivery . Thanks .
Per my voice mail . We should put a draft together today for Chris to review . He will start giving Merchant Energy pricing today but will not transact until the end of the week .
FYI
I can't remember exactly - maybe $4000 - $5000 Sure looks like you like to pry!! ! ( just kidding , Carson ) I've picked out a variety of wine for the 16th , by the way
Melissa: I just got this but have not reviewed . Last night we only discussed the collar . You could look at their regular swap and compare it to the January swap ( for form) . I have meetings this afternnoon but will get back to you as soon as I can . Thanks for the spark spread draft which I will also review .
Laurel: I have left messages with Rhett Jackson ( RMT vs . ENA ) and Brad Kirchhofer ( why doesn't "Compagnie de Papiers Stadacona" show up on the corporate database) .
Tracy and I would like to discuss the "Transfer" issue with you tomorrow , if possible . We think this should be a short discussion ( maybe 10 minutes) . How is 1 pm NY time , tomorrow Wednesday April 25 ? This seems to be the most convenient for both of us , but we will entertain times before 3 pm NY time . Would you please email your response ? Thanks .
Caroline: No Deemed ISDA , we decided that yesterday for the long-dated deal . We are working on the draft masters for emailing . Please send me the information about your counterparties' lawyers so we can begin negotiating .
Tracy: It's fine with me . Let's schedule a time next week on Monday . The lawyers will be gone Wed - Fri next week . Name a time .
Caroline: As you know , Carol is working on your template; then Frank , Carol and I will have to review/discuss . You will have the template soon . We are all working hard to provide you with the necessary documentation . Are you preparing the information for us ?
How about 11 am CST ? I forgot that I have an 11:30 on Monday .
I am unavailable Wed - Fri next week . We really need to discuss this and have the agreement executed . Tracy and I propose 12 pm EST ( 11 am CST and 9 am PST ) on Monday , April 30 . We believe this will be a very short discussion . Please reply to both of us . Thanks .
Susan: We need to prepare materials this afternoon on these two hedge funds . The credit is different but the FORMS will be identical . Please let me know who will handle and I can discuss with that person nowl Thanks .
Thanks for your help . I also left a message for Jeff because I was told that he worked on the transaction . The name "Compagnie de Papiers Stadacona" ( "Stadacona" ) does not appear on the corporate database so I cannot verify that it is an Enron-owned entity . The only question is: Can we book the FX trade in the names of Stadacona and
Susan: Laurel Adams has an FX deal where RMT must be a party . The counterparty is a 100% owned Enron sub named "Compagnie de Papiers Stadacona" . When I last checked , nothing shows up in the corporate database . However , I have verified the name , ownership , etc . with Jeff Blumenthal . I will separately email you the counterparty info that I have . We need a deemed ISDA for the parties . We should later do the ISDA when the information is available on the database ( which could be any day , I suppose) . I would just use our standard RMT format . Please assign . Feel free to call me or Laurel with questions . Thanks .
In case no one told you , Brent is not in the office today .
Please don't email to the parties below until we have a final conversation .
Will Monday or Tuesday afternoon work for a short 1 hour "financial power" informal disucssion ? Please let me know . Thank.s
Paul: There is already a definition of "Liabilities" in the hedge fund template . We will enhance the existing definition to add the last phrase "...as would . ..GAAP" and delete the "Liabilities" portion from your NAV definition .
Is Maud Perrodin with Banque do Reescompte et de Placement ? She told me it was Banque CPR . What is the letterhead ? We need to add to Lotus Notes . Thanks .
Any comments ?
Carol has seven ( 7 ) master swap agreements to be reassigned . Cheryl and I will work on these together . All appear on the legal/credit list . ( 1 ) Cross Timbers Oil Company ( 2 ) Camden Property Trust ( 3 ) Clorox Company ( The ) ( 4 ) Montana Power Comopany ( The ) ( 5 ) Ocean Energy , Inc . ( 6 ) Quebecor World USA , Inc . ( 7 ) Russel Metals Inc . Mary: Would you please reassign paralegals to Cross Timbers and Quebecor ? These were handled by Samantha . Maybe Marie could assist; these don't appear to be urgent . Thanks .
Sheila: Please send the futures and repo agreements to me . What futures products will Gary be trading and which exchanges ? Please continue to send brokerage agreements to Cheryl . Thanks .
Melissa: Merchant looks good . Please email to Chris . Also , thanks for your help with the omnibus forms . Anne Koehler is the new lawyer in our group and I'm sure she'll be calling you .
Carol: Below is the list of items I'll be handling . You can send to me .
Kaye: I'll give you my comments to the template and I ask that you please add these to the "clean" document . Thanks .
Caroline: You should have already seen the two ISDA's ( Valentis , CD Holdings ) emailed yesterday evening per your instructions . I am still waiting for you to send information regarding inhouse/outside legal counsel for both parties . The Schedule and Paragraph 13 sent to Valentis et al is very much like the hedge fund template which legal is refining . We are reviewing the first draft and commenting . FYI - I will not be in the office on Friday , April 27 . Also , the Enron legal conference is next week and the lawyers will be in San Antonio from May 2 ( afternoon ) through May 4 . And finally , I will be on vacation during the week of May 7 - May 11 . Please try to make plans ( conference calls , counterparty comments , etc. ) accordingly . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks .
Caroline: Your email is the first I've heard of Arthur Amron as legal counsel . Do you have his email address ? Also , who are Marty Lifgren and Charles Davidson at Wexford who received our documents ? Are these individuals traders ? I will let you know who my backup will be .
Sorry , Caroline .
Mark: Can you "publish" a list of swap attorneys and their primary/secondary areas of responsibility ( for at least the lawyers to use) ? I'd like to direct random requests to the appropriate people . For example , is Brent the only "weather attorney" ?
Brent: It's a weather question . Looks like Carol asked Susan or Stephanie to let Celeste know if weather trades were possible ( she thought it was) . If weather is a commodity , I guess it works but you'd probably need to inocorporate ISDA terminology and your definitions , etc . Check the blue file - you'll see Carol's email .
Celeste: I've asked Brent to give you a call . Thanks .
Yair: Please let us know if we can conference as set forth in my earlier message . Thanks .
Melissa: I started with Sempra . It's one of the more unusual masters (  a "Master Master" covering both physical and financial ) and it's not the typical "ECT Master" . Further , it contains no rounding or correction to published prices provisions . We'll have to review these masters on a case by case basis .
Edmund: Would you believe that we do not have a repo template ? The repo requests are more infrequent than not . All are negotiated . Hope this helps . Regards .
Marcelo: When we last spoke on April 3 , you told me that the blacklined agreement would be sent in the next few days . Can you please provide me with an update ? I would like to finalize/execute before May 2 when I will be on vacation . Please advise . Thank you .
Carol: Have you had a chance to recap our "offsite" discussion ? Also , what can you tell me about Montana Power Company ( 1st draft ISDA) ? Stop by in the a.m regarding exercise of your swaption . What does your confirm say about the form of notice of exercise and the exercise date ( or period) ?
Sheila: I want to send legal comments to SSB and Morgan Stanley today . Since I do not have the names of any lawyers , please verify that I should begin with: ( 1 ) SSB: Tania Meyer Wilson , VP Investments ( 2 ) Morgan: Joseph A . Marovich ( his card was attached to the documents ) Have you received anything from Goldman Sachs ?
No
Kaye: Please print copies of the attached documents but I will need 2 copies of the first document . Thanks .
Brant: refresh my memory , please . do we need to call Lee Jackson ?
I have two tickets ( and parking! ) for the Friday night ( May 4 ) performance of "Dinner with Friends" which I cannot use . FREE ! Please let me know if you are interested .
Laurel: Did you hear back from Chase regarding the trades , fees , etc. ? I have to call Genero back shortly . I can conference you in .
I didn't recommend anyone since I am not familiar with the S&S lawyers who are handling the ISDA work .
Jeff: Check the reps at the end of the confirm . Thanks .
Thank you .
Any response from Pushkar's dealer friends ?
Dick: I never heard back from you regarding my email of 4/18/01 . I had asked if you would mind revising the forms of certificate which we will attach to each trade confirmation . We would appreciate revisions to the April 12 , 2001 certificates . This will be the format for all future transactions . Please send revisions to Kimberly Hundl . Her phone number is ( 713 ) 853-1647 and fax if ( 713 ) 646-2443 . Thanks .
Dick: That will be fine . However , you need to attach the trade confirmation ( marked Exhibit "A" ) to each of your certificates since that is how each certificate is drafted . Thus , for the April 12 , 2001 transaction , please resend your certificates with the appropriate attachments as referenced in the certificates . Please call if you have any questions . Thanks for ;your assistance .
Kim: Here's EWEB's response . I can't tell if they understand my point .
Mark: FYI I've attached a list of projects I'm currently handling ( in case you need while I'm on vacation) . Please feel free to contact Kaye .
Caroline: On April 25 , you and your counterparties were provided with draft documentation ( including the Schedule and Paragraph 13 to the Credit Support Annex) . Did you read the documents ? Are you asking for ISDA boilerplate ? I will be here until noon .
Susan and if she needs legal assistance , perhaps Cheryl .
Deb: THIS IS TACKY ! And , I haven't sent my gift yet!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
Kaye: Please verify phone number below and on my calendar for 5/16 .
Kristina: I'm sorry too ! However , I also sent your application through Houston and it may end up with a different group . I'll keep my fingers crossed ( not just for Enron ) because I know you'll find an exciting position with a good company . Hope all is well . I just returned from a week in California and I'm having a hard time adjusting to the office . Regards .
Tana and Kim: I'm not sure about the confusion regarding Allegheny confirmations but we have almost finalized the NEW ISDA . Kim: You'll recall the format from last month . Please let me know if either of you have questions .
Do I need to do anything ?
Mary: Remember , this is the swap that you finally decided to go ahead and terminate yourself . There was much confusion about how many S.A . swaps actually exsited ( only one ) and after sorting through the mess , when I asked if you had estabished a Raptor "format for termination" , you decided to do the drafting . Let me know if there is a problem .
Brent , can you bring me up to date , please ? Just stop by . Thanks . P.S . Also , what's going on with Caroline Abramo and the hedge funds ?
Tracy: Did you and Yair finalize the "transfer" language ? It seems that too many confirm questions are popping up and different forms are being drafted . We ;should be done with the ISDA .
Laurel: I have a lot of time tomorrow ( 5/15 ) to discuss all related issues . I am attaching my most recent draft of the confirmation provisions for use in the EOL FX product confirmations . The first is for the Apr-Oct product and the second for the single day product . We need to compare the terminology against the EOL description . You will recall that this was based upon Stuart's preference for the CIBC format .
Cheryl: Do you know anything about this ? I don't . I am not aware that ENA or affiliates have ever engaged an Investment Advisor as that term is defined in the Investment Advisors Act .
Justin: What lawyer handles daily financial trading issues ? I need to speak with that person about US swap eligibility rules governing US companies , specifically , ECTRIC , and who evaluates ECTRIC's counterparties for eligibility . The specific issue has to do with Total as you will see from the string of emails attached . I look forward to hearing from you . Thanks .
Celeste: Brent is looking into this for you . Thanks .
FYI
Tom: I assume your guaranty issues were resolved as I never heard back from you . Please advise . Thanks .
John: The draft ISDA boilerplate and Schedule , Credit Support Annex , were sent via overnight delivery to Wayne Bowman , Air Liquide America Corp . on May 8 , 2001 . Cheryl Nelson ( X54693 ) is the attorney working on the file . Let us know if you need us to contact the counterparty .
Darren: I never received copies of the confirms which we discussed .
Jay: We sent this master for execution on May 1 , 2001 and the counterparty just responded to John with some comments . Only one comment is credit related: LPC does not want to pay default interest as per the ISDA agreement . LPC does not want interest compounded daily . What is your position ? I have made all other changes or given LPC an explanation .
Cheryl: I spoke with Clem and he is preparing the amendment for immediate execution as the signers will be at an offsite tomorrow . I'll let Tom know as soon as the amendment has been executed . Anna Meytina is on vacation so I left a message with Sharon Chernick . In order to complete our files with respect to the Enron North America Inc . ( "ENA" ) Securities Loan Agreement , please provide me with copies of the following documents: ( 1 ) assignment of the Securities Loan Agreement from ENA to ECI ( or was a separate agreement with ECI executed? ) ( 2 ) termination of the prior Enron Corp . guaranty on behalf of ENA in the amount of USD25 Million I spoke with Stephanie and she could not locate your Bear/ECI files on Friday of last week . Thanks .
Ed: Will you please prepare a credit worksheet for Frontera ? I don't know the complete name for this counterparty . Thanks .
Sharon: I didn't have your phone or fax numbers to keep you in the loop so I am sending this email by way of explanation . You may recall that Anna Meytina and Cheryl Nelson negotiated one or more agreements between the Bear companies and Enron Credit Inc . These documents included the above referenced $25 Million guaranty . I understand that our respective commercial groups have agreed to an increased guaranty cap ( $100 Million) . I have learned that Anna is on vacation . I don't know which Bear lawyer will look into this recent guaranty development so I hope that you will advise us in that regard . Effective May 15 , 2001 , Enron Corp . executed an amendment to the March 29 , 2001 guaranty to increase the guaranty cap . I have faxed a copy of this amendment to both Bill Carik and Cheryl Lewis . Please provide me with your fax number and I will fax the amendment to you . Cheryl Nelson and I look forward to hearing from you . Please let us know how we can further assist .
David: Ed Sacks is out of the office until May 17 . Is this request urgent ?
Carolyn: Please add me to the attendance list .
Brant: I am now waiting to hear from Paul Simons in London ( legal ) about London's assessment of ECTRIC's counterparties .
Cheryl just called from New York . She is flying back today and may be in the office later today .
7 is fine with me ( although I may be a few minutes after 7) . Where are we meeting ?
Sharon: Should we Fed Ex the amendment to you ? If so , please advise address and phone number . Thanks . "Chernick , Sharon Confidential Memo-Counsel ( Exchange)" Subject: RE: Amendment to Enron Corp . $25 Million guaranty of Enron Credit Inc . obligations to Bear , Stearns et als My fax number is 212-272-5917 .
Christian: Can we discuss "authority issues" briefly ? I am free all afternoon except for a 4:15 ( Houston ) meeting . Thanks .
John: LP executed our ISDA on May 7 . No need to discuss your email . Thanks .
Paul: I originally sent this request to Ed but I understand from Mike Curry that you handled credit for the physical agreements . Would you please prepare a credit worksheet for this counterparty or direct the request to the appropriate person ? Thanks .
Hi , Kathleen ! You can reach Michael McKeogh at: mcklaw@bellsouth.net Hope to see you soon .
Susan: Would you please handle this ? I'll also send Elliott Bonner's request with an address . It should match ( we'll need to check ) the master agreement address . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks .
Tracy: Thanks!!!! ! ( and I'll call Yair in a day or so if I haven't heard from him ) New Question: Will you be handling credit for the Washington Public Utility Districts ( Benton , Franklin and Grays Harbor) ? I spoke with Jeff Fuller ( PRM ) and a lawyer for the PUDs yesterday and I'm analyzing the authority issue .
Darren: Yes , this confirms that we are booking in an inconsistent manner . I am faxing copies of the confirms to Texaco ( in NY and Houston ) and we will resolve . I'll keep you posted .
Janine: First Union National Bank ( "FUNB" ) entered into a credit derivative trade with ENA effective 20 April 2001 ( our trader was a London trader) . Although ENA has a Master ISDA Agreement with FUNB ( the "ISDA") , this does not appear to be the impetus for the booking since the confirm didn't reference the ISDA . Is ENA alright confirming trades in this manner ?
Susan: John Malowney would like a copy of this ISDA Master Agreement . Do we usually let the traders have copies ( hard or electronic) ? If so , we need to make it very clear that this is confidential . Let me know what you think . Thanks .
Karolina and Rod: This swap has ended up on my desk ! Imagine that . This transaction ought to be booked between RMT and ETOL . The existing ISDA Master Agreement from December 31 , 1998 is between Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . and ETOL . We need to create an RMT/ETOL ISDA Master Agreement for this 3-year rate swap . Is ETOL prohibited from entering into swaps with other parties , such as RMT ( under the terms of the lending documents) ? Please bring me up to date . Thanks .
Susan: Rod or Karolina will prepare a credit worksheet for an ISDA Master Agreement between ETOL and RMT . Jorge has a 3-year rate swap awaiting documentation . Rod/Karolina: Is there any reason to not use RMT ? Is an ETOL sell-off imminent ? If so , would it be in the near term ? Rhett: If an ETOL sell-off ( in whole or part ) is imminent , should the deal be booked in ENA rather than RMT ? Jorge: The transaction confirm should be an ISDA format . Also , please verify whether any ETOL deals are on ENA/RMT books and the remaining terms Thanks. .
Tracy and Tom Moore have come to an understanding regarding the "Transfer" language for the ISDA Schedule and have agreed that AESC will propse language for ENA to review . We ask that you blackline that language in a final blacklined document for us to review . We need to execute the ISDA Master Agreement ( the "ISDA" ) now . I understand that Joe Limone and Brent Hendry have been discussing contingent call options and related documentation . ENA would like to incorporate these potential trades and other transactions under the new ISDA If you prefer , ENA would be glad to take over the drafting of the ISDA . Please let me hear from you .
FYI
Bill and Tanya: I am resending this memo to you in light of what I understand is a 3-year deal that Craig Breslau has done with MARTA ( Metropolitan Area Rapid Transit Authority) . I need to advise Mark Haedicke of the details as soon as possible since MARTA is a public entity and we do not have an executed Master Agreement with MARTA . We sent a draft document to MARTA on May 11 , 2001 . Until we resolve the "capacity" or "authority" issue , there is significant legal risk attached to transactions with governmental entities . I left a message for Jay Williams to please advise me of trade details .
Hey , I felt like I was in L.A. , oh , wow , like , it was really cool . . . re-ending is my thing , it's soooooo California , yea I'm gonna get re-ended as soon as possible . I'm not even gonna wait until Donna gets re-ended . P.S . Can't wait to drink some port in those special glasses !
Mae Charles: Attached is the form of legal opinion which Enron North America Corp . ( "ENA" ) submitted to M.A.R.T.A . ( together with ENA's draft ISDA Schedule and Paragraph 13 to the Credit Support Annex) . As we discussed , ENA will now be requesting this opinion from you . ENA has prepared and submitted a trade confirmation for the recent financial swap to M.A.R.T.A . Other than this document executed by ENA and awaiting execution by M.A.R.T.A. , no instruments have been executed by the parties . If you need to see the terms and conditions of the trade , please let me know . I look forward to speaking with you early next week . Regards .
Please give me a call . We need to execute the agreement this week . We do not want to restrict trading .
Cheryl: Thanks . Also , please note that while you were away: ( 1 ) Your voice mailbox was full . ( 2 ) Keegan was immediately advised if we needed a file that could not be located .
Mark: Please , let's talk when you have a chance . Thanks .
Mark: We need to discuss . Thanks .
FYI
FYI
Frank: Did I hear you mention that you were going to work on the "EOL no written confirmation" letter ? Or is Mark ? Please let me know . Thanks .
Andrew: Thanks for the email . I now have my facts straight . The account is currently in the name of "ECT Investments , Inc." ( and not Enron North America Corp.) . The specific ECT Investments , Inc . account at Morgan Stanley that is being transferred is: 038-08826-6 ( which is the credit book) . I thought you would want to modify the assignment agreement since it is your agreement . I also wanted to be certain that the Annex A description is sufficient for you . Please call if you have any questions . Thanks . Please respond to Andrew.Schwed
Marcelo: Thanks for the response . I'll make the changes and return the executed documents . Regards .
Frank: Do you want to handle this or shall I ?
Nikki: I am a lawyer with ENA . I understand that you have been involved with the execution of the Goldman Sachs & Co . ( "GSC")/ECI Corporate Account Agreement , working with both Cheryl Nelson and Stephanie Panus of ENA . ENA would like to transfer several accounts to ECI . In connection therewith , I am attaching a form of Assignment and Assumption Agreement for that purpose . This document is based upon a similar agreement executed by GSC , ENA and ECT Investments , Inc . on January 22 , 2001 . I ask that you please advise me of the following: ( 1 ) What is the effective date of the Corporate Account Agreement between ECI and GSC ? Has it been executed by GSC ? ( 2 ) Is the attached form of assignment acceptable ? ( 3 ) Is there anybody else with GSC that needs to be involved with the review/execution of the attached assignment ? Please let me hear from you . Our commercial group is extremely anxious to effectuate the transfer . Thank you for your assistance .
Pamela: I am also sending you the attached message which I just sent to Nikki Kroll . Thanks .
Paul: I need to speak with you about the foregoing . ( 1 ) Re: the Chase Global Custody Agreemnet Are you OK with Chase's ability to setoff amounts in any ENA Chase accounts against amount which ENA may owe under the Global Custody Agreement ? Does ENA have many accounts with Chase ? ( 2 ) Re: Enron Credit Inc . repo agreement with Goldman Sachs & Co . ( "GSC" ) By way of background , ECT executed a repo with GSC on 4/25/97 . FYI , Enron Corp . issued a guaranty in the amount of $10 million . Do you have any concerns with respect to a repo agreement between GSC and Enron Credit Inc. ? If possible , could we speak today ? Thanks .
FYI only
Nancy: I left a voice mail for you earlier . We are extremely anxious to finalize the agreement and are awaiting the blackline . Please call as soon as possible and advise . Thanks .
Tanya: Our FX desk has requested an ISDA Master Agreement for ENA's FX trades with: Credit Suisse First Boston , London Branch . The entity with which ENA already has an executed master ( effective 4/21/93 ) is Credit Suisse First Boston International , which trades derivatives . I will have the name of the CSFB lawyer this afternoon . Can you please prepare a credit worksheet ? Thanks .
David: Please send an email request to Cassandra Schultz and Veronica Valdez requesting that the following Enron Credit Inc . traders be added to the ENA Authorized Trader List ( for the purpose of using ENA executed ISDA Master Agreements in the credit trading area , such as Swiss Re and First Union National Bank): Jeff Kinneman Nicholas Stephan Paul Pizzolato Please copy me and Marie Heard . Call if you have any questions . Thanks .
Terry and Dee: I am resending the draft ISDA which was sent to Terry and Vijay on April 25 , Please let me know if you have any questions . Regards .
Marcelo: We are ready to execute . You did not date your signature . Do you want us to use any particular date for your execution ? Thanks .
no , same dates are fine with me
Thanks so much for your quick response . We're having the documents executed right now and will fax an executed copy to you . We may want to trade in the a.m .
Mary: I didn't know you were also looking at this .
URGENT ! Traders trying to trade . What is the legal entity trying to do the swap ? What is the legal name of the parent ?
Cheryl: Attached are Welch's comments . As you already know , Jennifer is doing the 2-month deal ( but no others until the ISDA is inked) . We do have to investigate the coop issue under Michigan law . Both the swap CP and the parent have the word "cooperative" in their names . Please see Lotus Notes . You should send an immediate email to the department to see if anyone has used Michigan counsel ( I saw a single reference in the Jurisdictional Database) . We may be able to obtain an opinion from McDermott or even Welch's inhouse counsel .
Mike: I sent a request for a credit worksheet to Paul Radous on May 16 .
Please assign ( it's RMT ) and we're waiting to book a trade - See me , it's easier . Thanks .
Pamela: Please call or email regarding the account assignment . If you are not the right person , please forward the request and advise . We are anxious to have this executed . Thank you for your assistance .
Donna: See the attachment for latest recap of Brokerage Agreements . I'll send you the Financial Trading link separately .
Donna: see if this works ! If it does , see "13." which includes our "other types of agreements" ( other than master swap agreements )
Diane: Let's add these provisions and send off to George and Tanya . There are several blanks to be completed after everyone reviews .
Chris: Regarding Tanya's comment No . 3 below , is there a problem referencing the assignment to Brazos if the VPP is consummated ? Please let me know . Thanks .
Diane: Thanks . Please don't send until I hear back from everyone ( including Chris Sherman) . Thanks .
Tim: FYI . Mary Cook asked that I forward these draft confirms to you for comment .
Mary & Teresa: Here's the latest draft awaiting comment from George Gilbert , Tim Proffitt , Tanya and Chris Sherman . Let me know if you have any comments . Thanks .
Lisa: FYI , there has been activity regarding the KCS file , in particular , the status of the amendment to permit cross-netting of certain agreements and the impact of that amendment now that KCS has emerged from bankruptcy . Two ( 2 ) new financial transactions have been executed and there is a VPP looming ahead for June 15 . The issue which we were trying to isolate is the effect of the amendment to the financial/physical agreements post-bankruptcy . We concluded that KCS is bound post-bankruptcy ( Carol St . Clair thought you may have had some reservations) . I'll keep you apprised of any developments .
I'm not sure who is handling . Tanya is supposed to prepare credit .
Marie: Shemeika Landry ( X52552 ) and Shelli Smith ( X37562 ) are working with Donna Landry and have asked to see the "opening brokerage account" procedures which you documented . Please send them copies . Thanks .
Susan: Please assign someone to Nova Scotia Power and let me know ( and change in Lotus Notes) . Thanks .
Marshall: Attached are the drafts of the two KCS confirms . I need to speak with you about the mechanics of the termination . Please call me . Thanks .
DON'T YOU DARE LEAVE WITHOUT SAYING
Diane: Attached is my redline . Most of the following people have called me during the day and should be kept in the loop: Tanya Rohauer Fred Lagrasta Derek Bailey Mary Cook Chris Sherman Marshall Eubank Teresa Bushman [Tim Proffitt]
Karolina: Please call me in the a.m to discuss . ( 10:00 am Houston time would be ideal ) Thanks .
Frank: I know you just received the credit worksheet . Can you give Mike Curry some idea of when the ISDA can be sent ? Thanks .
Derek: I'm on the phone . Is this agreement for Enron Credit Inc . or Enron Credit Limited ? I only represent the former . Dennis represents the latter . What meeting ?
Per my voice mail , please respond about RMT vs . ENA . Thanks .
Derek: Gail Shanley ( Goldman Sachs & Co . in N.Y. ) sent me Enron Credit Inc . documents ( with Goldman Sachs & Co.) . Enron Credit Limited will be dealing with Goldman Sachs International in London . I'll try to find out who the London lawyer is and have the docs sent to Denis O'Connell who is the lawyer for Enron Credit Limited .
Gail: My London trader , Derek Lee , tells me that no one has received the GSI Master Repurchase Agreement . The Enron Credit Limited lawyer in London is Denis O'Connell . Can you please check with your London counterpart about having the document forwarded to Derek and Denis is our London office ? Thanks so much . Please let me know what you find out .
Diane: attached is the redline redraft for the KCS trades . Please send to the usual suspects . These changes should apply to both confirms . Please make sure that Derek and Marshall receive as they are the ones who need to say OK .
Cheryl: Attached are Con Ed's documents . We need to do an "ISDA comparison" and prepare a redline to submit to Con Ed . Sam worked on the original ConEd draft , the latest dated 1/24/01 . The file should be in the file drawer . We can talk about the comparison when we meet . Thanks .
Jorge: I haven't forgotten you .
Do you have the email address for Brett Dima and his lawyer so that we can submit the draft ISDA ? Thanks .
Just spoke with Chris . You should speak with Marshall Eubank to get details of the VPP and reasons why this pre-VPP structure was required .
Sheila: Here's the status ( 1 ) Goldman Sachs - I received comments on May 22 , 2001 . Ball is in my court . ( 2 ) MSDW - I faxed comments to Joseph A . Marovich on May 2 , 2001 . Fax No . was 212/762-9502 . No response . ( 3 ) Salomon Smith Barney - I faxed comments to Tania Meyer Wilson on May 2 , 2001 . Fax No . was 312/648-3328 . No response . Please let me know about ( 2 ) and ( 3) . Thanks .
Cheryl: I'm forwarding Welch's request to discuss the ISDA markup . Why don't you respond to Devi and schedule a conference call or send a redline ? I'll be available to discuss .
We're waiting for Teresa Bushman
did Susan call you ? New RMT master dated ( ask Susan )
Nancy Callahan and I are agreed with respect to the Global Custody Agreement . She will email the final version today and I will have it executed immediately . Nancy suggested that I return the executed documents to her attention . We will fax the executed agreement to you as well . Laurel ( 713-853-7035 ) needs to hear from you how quickly we will be ready for trading . Please give her a call if you have not spoken recently . Thanks .
Tanya: I faxed the prior credit worksheet ( from 5/16/00 ) to you last week . Aaron Armstrong in London is asking for the draft ISDA . Have you had a chance to review the old credit ? Please let me know if I can help . Thanks .
Here it is
Tanya: Please see page 7 of the attachment ( Par . 5 , part C ) regarding setoff . ENA was about to have this agreement executed just as I received your email . I'll call you after 5 pm . We need to discuss today . Thanks .
Sheila: ENA is ready to sign ( Ihope ) in the a.m . I just wanted to verify that you had sent an email to Cassandra ( or Rick Buy ) so that she is prepared to countersign . Also , your status report reflects that you also need a custody agreement for ECT Investments . Why ? Thanks .
Tana: The following people have requested a link; Donna Lowry Shemeika Landry Shelli Smith Shemeika and Shelli work with Donna in risk analytics . Thanks .
What's the purpose of this ?
Limor: I hope this helps . Regards .
Mary: Attached is the latest draft from Chase . In particular , please take a look at the following paragraphs: 2.A ( the definition of "Securities" ) 5.B ( lien on securities ) 5.C ( setoff ) The ENA contact is Gennaro Contella . Please leave me or Sheila a voice mail and we can arrange a conference call on Monday with Gennaro , Nancy Callahan , if necessary ( Chase legal ) and anyone that you need to conference in on behalf of Enron Corp . The traders are anxious to have this account in place . Irrespective of which Enron entity takes ownership of this agreement , we were looking to you for information regarding existing Chase accounts ( in ENA's name) . Thanks for your help .
Sheila: Please call me when you receive this message from Mary Perkins .
Mary: Thanks for the email . No , I cannot use Ofelia on June 18 and I do not want a substitute while she is gone .
Damon: Attached is the document to be compared ( the attached should show the blackline) . I will forward in a second email the other document ( from Sheila Glover) . I need this ASAP . Thanks .
Damon: attached is the other document .
Sheila: Attached is the comparerite .
Brent: Attached is Aparna's email . Please call her if you have any questions . I believe that Rob Scheuer is the commercial person . Aparna: Would you please advise Brent as to whether or not a transaction has been executed .
Damon: Can you print the agreement for met ? Thanks .
Tanya: If you check Lotus Notes , you'll see an entry by Shari Stack ( waiting for Credit) . I checked my list of requested Enron Corp . ISDA's ( see my email to you of 10/26/00 ) and I don't see anything . I don't know where the internal request came from . Should we check with Treasury ?
Cathy: attached is Mary's email which you may not have received . Let me know if you need a separatecopy of the existing ( Global Custody ) agreement draft which ENA has negotiated with Chase . I am hoping to conference in Chase as soon as we can . Also , Mary mentioned that you should verify with Richard Sage ( Enron Credit Ltd . in London ) whether ECL is currently negotiating with BONY to put another "Global Custody Agreement" in place . He may be negotiating an almost identical agreement ( not necessary if Enron Corp . is the contracting party or perhaps if ENA )  .
Here's my original email
All: attached below is the repo - see Par . 4 for "Margin Maintenance"
Hi , Christian: Stuart has already called this week inquiring about his ability to continue negotiating with the PUDs . Have you had a chance to speak with Pat Boylston ? Let me know if I can assist . Thanks ( as usual ) for all of your help .
FYI from earlier today .
Marie: Sharon Chernick's email address . I'll also send Anna Meytina's
Does Mark have time in the afternoon to meet with me and Christian Yoder ( Portland - 2 hours earlier than CST) ? The topic is "Washington State PUD's" . I'd schedule about an hour . Thanks .
Susan: Check the PG&E ISDA Schedule for a non-routine defintion of L/C with respect to transferability .
I'd like to meet Thursday , June 7
Susan: I just spoke with CSFB and entered contact info into Lotus Notes . Can I re-review the draft Schedule please ? Thanks .
Christian: Please mark this time on your calendar to speak with Mark T.: 3:30 Houston/1:30 Portland . We'll call you . Will Pat Boylston send over 1 or 2 cases for us to review prior to the call ? Thanks .
These are fine as long as the economics are what was agreed .
Stewart: FYI , I'll probably have an answer on Friday . Thanks .
FYI ONLY Tanya: Lots of new activity coming out of London office for the FX desk . Carr Futures is already an ENA clearing broker and four new agreements will be put in place so that ENA can execute trades with the following brokers: Goldman Sachs Int'l Merrill Lynch Int'l NatWest who give the trades up to Carr to clear .
Holly: Please see Christian's message below . Can you reschedule please ?
Marie: OK , here's a request from the outside . Have we heard from Cassandra ?
Mark: Attached is my current workload report . I'm beginning to get nervous about meeting traders' expectations as I am taking vacation from June 14 - 22 ( seven business days ) and I don't know who will be able to pick up my emergencies and routine issues . I have some idea about Mary's and Frank's workload and I have the impression that Brent is constantly busy with weather . I'd like to briefly discuss Cheryl's workload I think it would be a good idea to have everyone submit a status report of sorts to you so that you can assess how much is "project" oriented vs . routine , specific commodity areas , and volume . FYI , I am trying to limit Cheryl's activity with Gary's group to brokerage agreements only . The huge volume of activity on the brokerage end was apparently the result of a recent audit by AA and effort to "cleanup" the agreement status . It should be winding down . I have encouraged Cheryl ( as have Frank and Mary ) to provide you with a workload report since we really want her to be trained in the swap basics . Also , I will try to schedule a conference call with David Mitchell , you and me before I leave ( topic is online trading of credit derivatives) . Currently , only ECL is offering the bankruptcy default swap online ( and no one is hitting the product) .
I'll draft the annex without offering up the ENE guaranty ( although you may have to speak with them since ENA offered up a guaranty for its repo) . Please let me know how you want to handle defaults . Can we resolve tomorrow ( Wenesday) ? Am I being too pushy ? Thanks .
David: Attached are the string of emails relating to the issue . I look forward to hearing from you . Thanks . Sara
Christian: How is 3 pm Houston/1 pm Portland on Friday ?
Let's schedule this please .
Christian: 1 pm Portland time on Friday - we'll call you
Jorge: I never heard back from you about the ENE forward amendment ? Did you speak with Jeff Nogid ?
I'll touch base with you this afternoon . Thanks .
Let's add this to "this afternoon"
ECI - the Morgan guaranty
Andy: The following names come to mind: Jere Overdyke ( no longer with Enron ) Frank Stabler ( M . D . Caribbean group 646-7017 ) I think Frank is still here Rick Carson ( VP Risk Mgmt . 853-3905 Let me know if there is anything further that I can do .
Stephanie: Please email to Valentis our L/C provisions ( including copy of L/C format ) as Paul has agreed to include "Other Eligible Support" . We do not yet need to create a revised Schedule/Paragraph 13 . Thanks .
Joe: Per Jay's voice mail to you , could you please take a look at the two exhibits attached to the two documents at the bottom of this email and verify the trades with Jay . MEGA wants to transfer the described financial trades and the ISDA Master Agreement to Morgan Stanley Capital Group Inc. . MEGA is making the same request on the physical side . Thanks .
Annabel: I sent a fax to you regarding the assignment referenced in the attached email on February 2 , 2001 and May 30 , 2001 . I never received a response from you . Please put me in touch with the appropriate person for resolving this assignment issue . Thank you for your attention to this matter .
Pat: I am accepting an inhouse opinion from the City of Glendale . However , I would like for Enron North America Corp . ( "ENA" , the swap counterparty to Glendale ) to engage independent counsel for its own benefit . The opinion would be given to ENA . If you're the guy , please call me . Thanks .
Pat: I never heard back from you . Will you be the lawyer to assist me in this matter ? Please let me hear from you . Thanks . Sara
Pat: I never received a response from you . Are you the lawyer available to assist me in this matter ? Thanks . Sara
Christian: What do you think about Pat's response ? Sara
Hey , Dave , hope you're doing alright given the current state of affairs . Just checking to see if you have any word about potential delivery dates . Thanks . Sara
Raj: CAVEAT: I never heard back from Tanya about whether the CSFB confirmation would have a carve-out for margining pursuant to the master agreement . Bob was going to send me the format he drafted for the prior CSFB deal but which was never executed so that I could incorporate that language . Tanya may agree to allow this trade to margin under the agreement just like the confirm which terminated 9/12/01 . Sara
You are handling this counterparty from a credit perspective . Rich Friedman from Global Markets has called to inquire about the status of this ISDA request . Please refer to Lotus Notes to review the last action taken by Russell in February , 2001 . Please determine whether we can eliminate the Credit Support Annex from this agreement before we send another version . You will note that this counterparty wants to rely entirely on the form used by Aron . Russell has a copy of this agreement . Do you want to put this on the legal credit list for follow up ? Thanks .
Mark: Which lawyers should be involved ? What is a reasonable timetable ? Let's talk and also talk about utility service companies . Thx ss
Russell: Please call - looks like we may have a problem . Sara
Send our letter to: Russell Martinson Phone: 402-595-7515 Fax: 402-997-8851 Thanks .
Hi , Mark: ECT Investments , Inc . is trying to finalize a "Terms of Business Letter" with Goldman Sachs International ( "GSI" ) in London ( for trading foreign listed equity options) . GSI is resisting the inclusion of any limitation of liability language in the agreement . Our agreement is governed by English law . I have requested the following simple statement: "Neither party shall have any liability arising from this Letter or from any obligations which relate to this Letter for any indirect , special , punitive , exemplary , incidental or consequential loss of damage." Do you even use such a provision in your documents goverened under English law ? What language ( if any ) would you propose for use with an English party ? I'd appreciate your insight . Regards , Sara
thanks ! sara
Carolyn: Sorry about that ! I've been too busy to be practical ( and check my in-box) . Sara
Attached are my comments ( clean and redline ) to the foregoing EOL Amendment . Sara
Lawyer Dago: Got your card on Friday and it made my weekend ! I'm glad I could help out . We definitely need to get together soon . I've had an awful summer . My mom died in July . My car flooded in June . Mike's mom died in June . Can't think of a reason to be gloomy so I can't wait to see you for lunch . I'll stay in touch ! Sara
Hi , Mark: Hope you're doing well . Mark Taylor had suggested that I ask you the question below . If you suggest that I ask someone else , please let me know . Thanks . Sara
Scott: this has not been reviewed for accuracy
Christian: What do you think about Pat's response ? Sara
ENA's standard docs require "negotiation" of market disruption events with 12 Business Days of the first disruption event ( Sept . 11) . That final date to negotiate is WEDNESDAY , SEPTEMBER 26 . We have final agreements with approximately 25% of our counterparties . Thanks for your help .
I previously replied with XX.Large . Thanks.Sara
Mark: Please read the attached message . ( 1 ) Are there any issues with following the "custom" in countries not requiring an executed "executing brokerage agreement" ? Do we need to contact outside counsel in each country ? ( 2 ) I anticipate that I will really need help on the brokerage agreement side . I cannot keep up now on a "timely" basis . Gary's world occupies about 50% of my time . Enron Corp . occupies about 25% of my time . Thanks . Sara
Mark: The PLI has a 2-day seminar in Houston on Nov . 5 and 6 which I would like to attend ( mega-refresher course for me) . The cost is $1295 . Although I have been looking for a seminar about equity derivatives , this seminar will be helpful in the context of ENE forwards and other affiliated equity deals from the securities vantage point . Sara Let me know if you would like to see the brochure . Sara
FYI only . I have a deal ticket dated 9/21/01 for a forward on 400,00 shares of ENE stock at $28.2657 . I will send the confirm to you upon receipt .
Janet: Attached is a first draft of the Consent and Amendment Agreement for Texaco , Inc . Please circulate for gas and power . Thanks . Sara
Kim: Sorry for the mixup . Attached is my redlined version of Stacy's form . Do we need to add references to crude ? Sara
Attached is the list which I created when Mark left town on August 31 . He sent a rash of emails to me ( from Stacy ) and I assigned per the list . I had Texaco on my list because he mentioned it to me in a voice mail . If there are any names missing from the list , let me know . Sara
I've been trying to call you for about an hour , but the circuits are all busy . Sometimes it's easier for NY to call out than for us to call NY . I'll be in my office for about an hour before meetings . Also , I am free in the morning . We'll need to recall exactly where we were at the beginning of August . Thanks . Sara
Tanya: FTU has asked to resume negotiations on the ISDA . We originally sent our draft without a Paragraph 13 and FTU wants a Paragraph 13 ( similar to the one FTU negotiated with ENA) . If you are agreeable to credit , can you please propose a credit worksheet ? Thanks . Sara
Mary: FYI ,  just spoke with Anita Khosla . The ENA ISDA with CSFB will be with the head banking office in Zurich and we will identify the branches with which we anticipate business , including at the moment , NY , London , Cayman Islands . I have received comments to our Schedule and CSA . Sara
Won't you carve your deal out of the Threshold for your "Deemed ISDA" ?
I'll be out of the office on Sept . 27 and 28 .
Susan: While Tanya is reviewing credit , can you please send a "blank form Paragraph 13" for this master . Just our standard . Caveat: subject to credit review even though there are blanks . Thanks . Sara
Mark: In case Global Finance is desparate in the next two days , I'm forwarding the project in this email and a following email . Thanks . Sara
2nd email . Sara
Clint: I spoke with Mike Collins [203-719-8385 ( phone ) and 203-719-7031 ( fax)] who conrfirmed to me that the cap included the remaining 2.5+million remaining shares . Please return an executed copy of confirm to me . Thanks . sara My assistant Joanne Rozycki has cell , car numbers to reach me . I'll be back on Monday .
Thanks . SS
Marie: Can you please refresh my memory ? Sara
Tanya: Enron Corp . wants to transact with FTU . I sent FTU a "blank" Paragraph 13 subject to ENA's credit review . Can you give me a call about this one ? The FTU lawyer is calling me and already has comments to our draft Paragraph 13 . Thanks . Sara
FYI - this impacts EOL trades; didn't know if you were aware of these issues .
I can wait; just didn't want it to slip through the cracks . Thanks . Sara
Here it is . I'm fairly certain that Annabel said the assignment was fine and we'd execute when we got the Securities Lending Agreement done . SS
FYI only
All: We sent this ISDA for execution and now the lawyer has come back with MORE CHANGES . The primary issue is SETOFF . AESC originally accepted our standard setoff language and has now rejected affiliate setoff due to "regulatory" issues . Who is currently responsible for this counterparty ? Please respond . Thanks for your help .
Sheila: Please send your usual message on this one . I assume it is for ECT Investments Inc . Thanks . Sara
Sheila: Please send your usual message on this one as well . There are several written agreements involved . Thanks . Sara
All: Attached is an updated list of items which I show as unresolved or unfinished . Please give the list a quick review and advise of any corrections , additions , deletions , etc . Thanks for your help .
Michelle: Received your voice mail a few minutes ago . We are still reviewing your request . We may require other changes to the agreement . Will let you know our decision . Thanks . Sara
I don't usually forward these but I've been waiting for the updated Barbie ! Sas
sample email
Sam , Marie and Stephanie: Would you please finalize all Brokerage Agreements with entries identified as "Sent for execution" ? A fully executed agreement should reside in the red file . Please have this completed prior to October 15 . Let me know if you have any questions .
See attachement ( you can also contact Kim Theriot with further questions) . Sara
Mark: Can you reassign this ? Thanks . SS
Mark: Can you please reply to ( 1 ) below ? Also , any ideas for help with brokerage agreements ? Thanks . Sara
Clint: Lehman called to discuss the two ( 2 ) forwards on 9/28/01 ( 2,245,761 shares at $56.7925 and 2,434,339 shares at $67.5243 , respectively ) and roll of the 9/18/01 400,000 share forward into the new forwards . It appears that you also rolled all of the five ( 5 ) remaining forwards which terminated on 10/3/01 into the two new forwards . Lehman is sending three new confirmations for the foregoing transactions . Please verify with deal tickets . I have the ticket for the 400,000 share trade . Also , can you please verify final confirm format ( i.e. , blackline sent noon on 9/26/01) . I have Jim's comment for "material information" . Thanks .
Is this a financial derivative ? Please advise . Sara
I'll be on vacation . Sara
What is the location ? You already accepted the invitation . Thanks . Sara
Marie: Does this sound weird opening the account on Sept . 27 ? I thought this was done some time ago . SS
Mark: I'm getting calls from different people with AA requesting copies of all "legally approved" confirmation templates . I've had requests today from two different people with respect to power and rate/FX . Do we have a formal process for approving templates ? Where are the templates kept and how does legal know if they have been changed ? Have similar requests been made for other products ? There does not seem to be any sort of AA uniform deadline for submitting the templates . I've asked AA to advise you so that we can all be consistent in our responses . Thanks . Sara
Yes , I've been contacted by Paul Puchot in Global Finance . There is some type of meeting this afternoon . It is not clear to anyone which Enron company is involved . FYI - I was in the midst of negotiating an ISDA with BSIL for Enron Corp . with respect to potential forward deals . Sara
You need to send an email to Donna Lowry , Cassandra Schultz , William S . Bradford
Tracy: Please let us know when you have reached a conclusion . Thanks . Sara
Mark: I'll be brief . We received an objection from Nuevo ( wants to use Monday , Sept . 10 price) . David Andrews ( Treasurer ) sent the letter and I left him a voice mail . The ENA trader is Bill Berkeland and Bill suggested that Fred handle this customer ( since it's Fred's customer) . Nuevo neglected to read our ISDA ( all standard language ) and we actually fall into the "ENA averages two quotes" scenario . Fred should try to negotiate this one . I left Fred a voice mail and Bill will contact Fred in the a.m . Kim is aware of this situation .
Kim: Do I need to review the letters ? Sara
Brent: I assume you reviewed . Sara
Melissa: I am waiting for a "package" from Kim Hundle of all power financial templates for a complete review . Sara
This email confirms receipt of the new calling card .
Ed: I received a message from the lawyer for Cinergy Energy Services requesting that the ENA ISDA be with CG&E . This will solve our allocation issues ( as the utility will hedge for its own account) . Please send a new credit worksheet . Thanks . SS
I need the city's bond counsel ( outside counsel) .
Stephanie: Can you please ask Francisco or Anne to handle ? Thanks .
Rich: I'm waiting to hear from credit . Sara
FYI
We are going to do this at our own expense . But we would like to hire Glendale's bond counsel . I don't know the name of Glendale's bond counsel or how to get in touch with them .
Susan: I can't remember whether I asked you to send the proposed Par . 13 to Tanya ( or maybe I asked my assistant) . Please remind me . Thanks .
Tanya: I think we sent the ENA ISDA to you but I'm going to refax since First Union is calling daily . We sent them a "blank" Paragraph 13 and they are asking for credit terms . Thanks for your help . Sara
Gil: ( 1 ) the BS&Co . confirm references the "Irrevocable Sell Order dated August 9 , 2001" . Please forward a copy . This apparently contains definitions for ( multiple ) Sell Order Execution Dates . ( 2 ) according to your notes , the BSIL "Standard Terms and Conditions of Business" is subject to review by a UK lawyer . Please advise of your conclusions . Forward executed version ( which is incorporated into the confirms) . ( 3 ) the BS&Co . confirm references the Customer Agreement and incorporates this as a Credit Support Document . Please forward executed verison . [BS&Co . also claims that deals pursuant to your Customer Agreement are Specified Transactions for purposes of OTC derivative transactions] ( 4 ) portions of the confirm do not match the unexecuted Term Sheet which you gave me . Was a Term Sheet executed ? Is there an ENE guaranty which is supposed to be a Credit Support Document under the confirm ?
Kim: Sounds like you're confused . ENA is requiring two opinions: one from Glendale ( inhouse ) and another which we are paying for ( Glendale's outside counsel ) Call me . Please do not forward my messages to Glendale because we are now at cross purposes . There is no need to alarm Glendale about our existing arrangements . Sara
Gil: Before any brokerage account can be opened , you need to advise the RAC group . Please send an email to the three persons ( "Cc" ) above explaining what accounts Enron North America Corp . ( "ENA" ) requires and the purpose of those accounts ( if you have not already done so) . ENA has a brokerage agreement with Bear Stearns Compamies , Inc . but not with Bear Stearns International Limited . ENA already has resolutions for opening brokerage accounts .
Mark: You never assigned this one . Attached is the EOL list . Chase merged with JP Morgan and we need to upgrade/select existing master .
Please forward your email requests to the RAC group for opening this account . Thanks . Sara
Tanya: EOL is asking for the Chase master to be amended to eliminate the need for confirms on EOL trades . Do we need to meet to determine which Chase master ( i.e. , Chase or JP Morgan ) should be amended ( or both) ? Do we want to begin the upgrade process ? Please call . Also , are you available for the 9:30 Hanover call ?
Tom: There is no existing Enron company named "ECT Europe Investments Inc." . We need the legal name of the company . Also , does that company have existing resolutions for opening brokerage accounts ?
Maria and Michael: The form of confirmation of fine . How would you like to handle execution of this transaction ? of remaining transactions ? Scheduling the VE discussion for later this week is also acceptable . We look forward to hearing from you . Regards .
Can you please submit a new credit worksheet ? Thanks .
Maggie: I do have comments to this confirm . I have never seen your ISDA Master Agreement ( "Master" ) so you need to have your lawyer review some portions of it to eliminate the possibility of conflict . ( 1 ) Is SunTrust the Calc Agent under your Master ? Should they be agent for this deal ? ( 2 ) Need to upgrade definitions to 2000 Definitions ( the 1991 and 1998 Definitions have been superseded! ) ( 3 ) Are you in agreement with the optional early termination language and all calculations being performed by SunTrust in the manner set out ? There is no valuation or payment time/date for this termination or details for giving notice of intent to exercise the termination option . This language is extremely vague but perhaps you do not mind . ( 4 ) Do you have existing transactions with SunTrust on your books in addition to this one ? ( 5 ) Are there any Additional Termination Events under the Master ? You don't want to necessarily eliminate such events from occurring . Also , it is not clear to me if this transaction or any other derivative transaction with SunTrust is "related to the Loan Agreement" for purposes of giving SunTrust the right to terminate . Is it ? ( 6 ) Defining an "event" as either an "Event of Default" or a "Termination Event" has different settlement consequences . It looks like you're not concerned as to how SunTrust values terminated Transactions if this deal is "related" to the Loan Agreement . I think part 2(d ) would be clearer if stated as: "Additional Termination Event will apply . The following shall constitute an Additional Termination Event with respect to the Counterparty: ( cite events ( i ) and ( ii ) if accurate ) .  For the purpose of the foregoing Termination Event , the Affected Party shall be the Counterparty." This means SunTrust will calculate as if you were in default . Or do you want to calculate at mid ? ( 6 ) You should delete Par . 2(a) . I don't believe you have agreed to do this in the past ( but perhaps you do not mind) . Your lawyer should review the impact of stating "This provision shall constitute an additional Agreement for the purpose of Section 4 of the Swap Agreement." ( 7 ) Are the economics of the deal stated correctly ? ( 8 ) What Transaction(s ) are being superseded ? Has anything from the initial deal been left out that should be retained ?
Per my voice mail
David: Actually , Jeff and I have eliminated the "agency" issue . Jeff proposed that ENA transact directly with Cincinnati Gas & Electric Company ( the A rated utility) . Sara
Ed: Do you want legal to do anything at this point ? Sara
Stewart: Just wanted to chat quickly about the amendment we're sending to Merced . The major changes are credit related: raising our Threshold to $40million and their's to $8million and giving giving us a "regulatory out" for Merced's legal inability to collect rates to cover O&M . Whenever we prepare an amendment , we usually add other document "upgrades" ( i.e. , our form changes) . We have made some important changes since 1999 . I just wanted to alert you to these so that we don't "surprise" your customer . Give me a call if you have a chance . Thanks .
Michelle: With respect to your setoff request , we cannot agree to eliminate setoff for your non-regulated affiliates . Perhaps you could provide us with the regulated affiliate(s ) for a carve out . I look forward to hearing from you . Regards .
Stewart: Do you have Jeff Fuller's address ? Sara
Susan: I left Merced on your chair . I marked the First Amendment and supplied a cover letter .
I'll be offsite ( the Woodlands ) Thursday afternoon ( 10/11 ) and Friday ( 10/12) . The paralegals will be in the office . My cell number is 713-705-1823 .
Kim: Is the legal entity for PacificCorp: PacificCorp Power Marketing , Inc. ? Is there only an entity for financial power ? Thanks . Sara
Kathryn: The customers appearing on Kim's list have been assigned to various lawyers in the swap group . There are 22 parties on the list and 16 of these parties have ISDA Master Agreements with ENA . We will focus on the ISDA customers first . We will use the template developed by Brent for Entergy-Koch as a basis for the 16 parties . The template will be customized for each of the 16 parties . Brent has a preliminary template underway and it should be further refined by October 19 . Using that template , our goal is to produce six ( 6 ) new amendments each week . We should finish the ISDA customers in about three weeks ( first drafts) . The remaining customers have no master agreement in place or an ECT Master Agreement . Those six ( 6 ) customers include: Sempra Energy Trading Corp . ( old master ) Morgan Stanley Capital Group Inc . ( old master ) Dynegy Marketing and Trade ( old master ) Ameren Energy ( none ) American Electric Service Power Corporation ( none ) PacificCorp Power Marketing Inc . ( under negotiation with ECC ) The physical power group can coordinate the amendments with the members of the swap group listed above by forwarding drafts to us . Please let me know if you have further questions . Thanks . Sara
Gil: Please include me on the distribution list for executed confirms and other agreements which to which ENA is a party .
Just FYI , the items below are requests of all brokers and ENA/ECT Investments , Inc . provide our own format ( i.e. , we do not use the broker's format) . Please forward the agreement when you receive . Thanks . Sara
FYI Allegheny status - Sara
Laurel: I'm free this morning . SS
FYI - I have not received any forwards or puts from CSFB . Have you heard anything further ? Sara
Kim: Just giving you the heads up about a derivatives trade being documented by Gil Melman who is a lawyer with Enron Principal Investments . Gil has negotiated a deemed ISDA with Bear and the trade has not been run through or documented by a desk . You may want to contact him for a copy of the trade . Sara
Kim: Legal and credit have never responded on this one since there was no activity . We will have to do a comparison of the CP form . We also need credit since nothing has happened since 1999 . Can you resend the email version which Salt River sent to you ? Jay and/or Tracy: Who will prepare credit ? Thanks . Sara
Tammy: Your redraft is fine with two exceptions: ( 1 ) We need to define "business day" which is used throughout the agreement and is never defined . I propose capitalizing the term throughtout your document and using the ISDA definiton or one which recognizes those days on which banks are open in NY and Houston . ( 2 ) ENA cannot agree to arbitrate before the National Futures Association and you are no longer required to use that forum for arbitration . The situs is fine . I would like to again suggest the language which I originally proposed . If we cannot agree , can we be silent as to jurisdiction ? Please let me hear form you .
Clint: I have reviewed the three forwards and two puts . Please verify all economics including notional , pricing , transaction fees , share caps , no . options , trade and expiration dates , etc .
Gil: I left you a voice mail earlier . I'm concerned about the definition of "Specified Transaction" . As drafted , I read this as cross defaulting to all other derivative trades between ENA and BSIL , as well as ENE and BSIL . I don't know if we have any on the books or will enter into any prior to termination of your trades , but the same will be impacted unless you limit the Section 14 definition to your trades only .
Russ: The forwards and puts should be signed and faxed back to Lehman . Please note the template for these trades ( with respect to the definition of "material" ) left out the word "into" . I didn't find it necessary to impede Enron Corp.'s signature; just let Phil know for the next deal . Thanks . Sara
Our friend is calling . I refuse to take his calls . When you want to take a break , let's recp on: GS&C ( position assignment ) the one you just did ( Morgan or Bear , I don't know! ) Thanks .
Mark: Can't these go into the rotation ? Sara
Diane: Thanks for your help . Check out the Floating Price language . Sara
Please forward your email to the RAC group requesting the opening of this account . Thanks . Sara
Tom: We would like to use the same format which was agreed to by ENA and CSFB . That agreement was sent for execution on July 6 , 2001 and we have never received an executed version . Please feel free to contact Scott Kreuzinger ( phone is 617-556-5730 or fax is 617-542-1814 ) to ensure that ENA has executed docs which can also be duplicated for ECI . Perhaps your contact at CSFB can assist . Scott Kreuzinger was ENA's contact for having docs executed . We have been unable to extract any response from Scott Kreuzinger . Thanks .
Cassandra: Just checking to make sure you were aware that currency swaps are being executed between the above Enron offices . I came across this issue in connection with a crude trade I'm looking at for Enron Japan Corp .
Susan: I'll continue to review the RMT masters and these should be included in the attorney rotation which Mark should mention at our swap meeting . Let's discuss the recent changes to the form . Sara
Sheila: Can you please forward Rob Manders' fax number ? I don't have an electronic version of the futures agreement to mark so I will need to fax comments . Thanks . Sara
Sheila: Just a few notes from the Agreement: ( 1 ) Par . 2(d ) - DBAB will use its "reasonable judgment" to value securities or other assets posted as margin ( 2 ) Par . 2(e ) - DBAB will use its then current rates of exchange for any currency conversions ( probably not applicable to ENA ) ( 3 ) Par . 3 - Have we agreed to commissions and brokerage charges ? These are to be agreed "from time to time" ( 4 ) Par . 5 - Position Limits: ENA must promptly notify DBAB if ENA is required to file position reports . Can you explain , please ? ( 5 ) Par . 7(b ) - Not sure why we're being asked to make this rep . What is ENA's relationship to the Enron FCM these days ? ( 6 ) Par . 9(a ) - Trader changes binding on DBAB upon receipt of written confirmation ( 7 ) Par . 9(d ) - verify binding nature of trades Thanks . Sara
FYI - Cassandra Schultz is in RAC ( not "Shorter" )
Here it is ! Thanks .
Tracy: Let me know what you think . I'll check with a lawyer from the physical power group . Also , we should at a minimum , preserve setoff with respect to ENA's affiliates . Sara
attached is my updated list
Mark: The ISDA Best Practices Statement did not address OPIS [or ARGUS] as our proposal did . But for those indexes being at issue , I have a record of the following parties having requested use of the ISDA methodology: The Chase Manhattan Bank Glencore Ltd . Hess Energy Trading Company Koch Petroleum Group LP
Jane: Jane: I wanted to give you the benefit of some of my thoughts before I considered your Annex A which I would like to compare to the ENA current version . We are currently considering more revisions so your Annex A will help me to think a bit . I have attached a redline of the actual confirm ( without Annex A) . A couple of thoughts: ( 1 ) for purposes of creating a "template" , I gave a choice for Termination Date ( 2 ) I collapsed Payment Date/Invoice because I'm concerned that EJC may forget to send a timely invoice so we need to ensure that there is no issue about whether or not a payment is owed ( 3 ) We need to "fix" the Floating Price language . I don't know where the reference to "North Sea , West Africa , Mediterranean" comes from . I didn't see it in Marketwire and London doesn't use it . Also , the conversion language is vague ( i.e. , TTM , TTB and TTS are not defined but I suspect they refer to bid/mid/sell ? Are they references on the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi , Ltd . screen?) . Also , it may be better to create a conversion reference to your Central Bank and not a particular banking institution ( you could get caught later dealing with that bank , using the conversion language and then giving the bank an unfair advantage) . ( 4 ) I didn't see your Schedule 1 guarantee but I assume that it is the normal ENE format . Regarding Annex A , I quickly noticed an issue with the "TIBOR" definition ( which uses quite a bit of ISDA language ) which can be easily fixed with an appropriate ISDA reference . Give me another day or so to comment . Let me know if you'd like to talk . My home number is 713-664-3207 if you'd like to call . Regards . Sara
fyi - am speaking with an inhouse PUHCA lawyer
Jeff: fyi the CSFB foul up
Tammy: Thanks for the quick response . Your "business day" suggestion is fine . With respect to your second comment , ENA agrees to AAA arbitration in all phases of its physical and financial business . We are not a clearing member of any exchange so we do not seek arbitration before a regulatory board . Hope this helps . Sara
Darren: I've just reviewed this credit worksheet for a first draft ISDA . Is this the type of counterparty for which a "regulatory out" MAC provision is appropriate ? I am not familiar with Exelon's business . I know this event was used in some of Tracy's ISDA's with northwest utilities . Sara
Stephanie: Exelon is fine as is . Thanks . Sara
Rhonda: Can you please send me a copy of the power master signed with Allegheny ? Thanks very much . Sara
Rick: I'll try to remind everyone to include your name on new account requests . Sara P.S . Paul represents "Enron Credit Inc."
Please add "Rick L . Carson" to your list of persons to be advised of new account requests . Also , in your request , please include a short synopsis of the product(s ) to be traded and why you need this account . Thanks . Sara
Michelle: Per my voice mail , please: ( 1 ) review the Master Energy Purchase and Sale Agreement dated March 1 , 2000 ( Section 4.4(d) ) between Allegheny Energy Supply Company LLC and Enron Power Marketing , Inc. , as amended , for your previously negotiated setoff language , and ( 2 ) please forward a copy of the proposed setoff language to Anthony Wilson so that he can explain what portion of the provision violates Section 6 of PUHCA . I will be available for a call at his ( and your ) convenience . Thanks . Sara
Rob: Attached is a "recap" of outstanding issues with the utility . I have not had any conversations with anyone at ConEd . FYI , I did receive a call this afternoon from Sylvia Dooley asking that I call her about one of the unregulated affiliates . I left a voice mail . Let me know how you want to proceed . Ed asked that we prepare a blackline and not change items to which the parties have not agreed . Thanks . Sara
I had a long conversation with Sylvia Dooley this afternoon . She contacted me about finalizing the Con Ed ISDA Master Agreement and the "related" Consolidated Edison Energy ( same lawyer , different commercial ) master . Sylvia is preparing a new version . We have a lot of open issues , most appearing on the open issue list that I just circulated to you both . However , Sylvia and I identified some significant credit issues which we should address now . Ed: In addition to finalizing the credit matrix , the big ticket issues include the following items and ( according to Sylvia ) you should probably call Triche Douglas right away to resolve as she is being moved to another project and may not be available for ISDA negotiations much longer: ( 1 ) credit event upon merger: Con Ed coming back with newer definition of "materially weaker" . Con Ed rejects ENA's proposal ( 2 ) Con Ed is still rejecting our setoff language . I will send our newer language but the substance is the same as before . ( 3 ) will not agree to our transfer language ( i.e. , always want to consent for purposes of transfer and no carve out for guaranteed affiliates ) ( 4 ) want an extra day for delivering L/C's ( 5 ) issue about notification time for requesting collateral . Con Ed wants 1 pm NY time; we countered with 11 am NY time . ( 6 ) are insisting that parties obtain consent for substitution of collateral ( 7 ) major issue with respect to holding/using collateral . Con Ed will propose that with respect to ENA , only Enron Corp . can hold collateral and Enron Corp.'s eligibility to hold collateral will be tied to credit rating of BBB ( 8 ) major issue defining MAC: no one has come up with a MAC Given my conversation of this afternoon , please let me know how you would like to proceed . Rob , will you be handling both Con Ed entities ?
Thanks . I'll wait to hear from you . Sara
I faxed my comments to DB on October 17 since I didn't have an electronic version of the futures agreement . Comments were sent to both Tracey Jordal ( legal ) and Barbara Russo . If you would like to see the comments , let me know and I'll send a copy down to you . Also , if I need to send the comments to anyone else , just let me know .
Jay: Per my ovice mail . Sara
please print - thanks
Ed and Rob: the ISDA Schedule markup by Con Ed is attached; the CSA will follow . Ed: Can you resolve credit issues with Triche before the end of next week ? I think credit will drive a major part of the agreement . Do you guys want to meet early next week ? Sara
Thanks a million ! Sara
Jay: my mistake - Salt River did send a CSA ( see below ) Sara
When: Monday , October 22 , 2001 1:00 PM-2:00 PM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) . Where: EB 3801a
new file: Theriot issues
I left the markup on your chair - Sara
Jarrod: what is our meeting this afternoon about ? Sara
no
thanks
Sheila: please see my comments below about the correct Enron company for ( only futures and options? ) appropriate type of transaction .
Do we need to meet briefly about the extent of these EOL amendments ? I'm also thinking of AEP . Sara
Rebecca: Per our conversation , attached please find Clorox's blackline . You should have Aparna's file including the credit worksheet . Also , Aparna should have provided you wtih a copy of the ISDA boilerplate ( let me know if you need this or anything else) . The credit issues we should focus on include: ( 1 ) request for cross acceleration [Part 1(b ) page 1] ( 2 ) Cross Default amendment for operational issues [Part 1(b ) page 1] ( 3 ) Credit Event Upon Merger: use of "materially weaker" definition [Part 1(c ) pages 1-2] ( 4 ) Additional Termination Events: use of rating downgrade Part 1(i ) pages 2-3] ( 5 ) Delivery of documents [see page 5 comments] ( 6 ) elimination of "non-reliance" representation [pages 7-8] ( 7 ) elimination of affiliate setoff [pages 8-9] ( 8 ) Change to definiton of "Credit Support Amount" [Annex A page 1] ( 9 ) complete change to Threshold and Independent Amount [Annex A pages 2-3] ( 10 ) "Minimum Transfer Amount" from $0 to $500,000 ( 11 ) elimination of the MAC in Par . 13 to the Credit Support Annex [Annex A page 8] ( 12 ) Enron Corp . guaranty: elimination of cap [see Enron Corp . guaranty] I look forward to meeting with you on Wednesday .
How about Thursday at 10 am ? Sara
Kim: A very general question: shouldn't all of the financial power templates provide for corrections to published prices and rounding to four places for commodities quoted in MMBtus ? Your template does not contain either of these .
Kim: I need to verify that the EOL amendment changes conform to the general financial power template changes . ( 1 ) The EOL amendment provides that the rounding convention for calculating power Floating Prices relating to MMBtus is rounding to four places; the current financial power template provides for rounding to three decimal places . Which is the correct convention ? ( 2 ) With respect to corrections to published prices , changes will be required to both the ISDA and GTC formats since the latest EOL amendment does not conform to standard ISDA terminology . There is no corresponding GTC terminology . Please let me know about ( 1 ) above . Thanks . Sara
Kim: I didn't save the email verison of the "corrections to published prices" so I'll state the changes below and you can revise: ( 1 ) You will need two different versions: one for GTC's and the other for ISDA confirmations ( 2 ) Don't capitalize the word "party" in either version ( 3 ) Use the capitalized term "Interest Rate" for the GTC version ( 4 ) Use the capitalized term "Applicable Rate" for the ISDA version When I hear back from Kim T. , we can finalize the rounding convention for online and offline confirmations . Thanks . Sara
Frank: Ellen Su is very anxious to begin trading under this master . Can you please provide me with an update ? Is there anything I can do to facilitate completion of the master ? Thanks . Sara
Bill and Tanya: Please verify that the attached document accurately reflects your agreement with Morgan as to changes to the "Exposure Threshold" and I wil initial for execution . All else looks fine . Thanks . Sara
Sure - give me a call on Friday . Sara
Ellen: Please give me a call about this counterparty . The ISDA Master Agreement is still under negotiation but we can use your help . Sara
Kim: Do you want to take a stab at the revision for this deal ? Sara
Rex , Jim and Clint: You may recall that ENE has been in the process of documenting two forwards , effective 10/3/01 , and two puts , effective 10/1/01 . The forwards consisted of rolls of outstanding forwards with Lehman . These transaction confirmations were signed by Tim DeSpain on Friday , October 19 , 2001 . In that regard , I have faxed to your attention the two ( 2 ) REVISED put confirmations prepared by Lehman per the email attached below . I received the confirmations by fax today . The confirmations were revised to provide for physical settlement on the Expiration Date . There are two different Expiration Dates; one is October 30 , 2001 ( Strike Price of USD15.5246 ) and the other is December 28 , 2001 ( Strike Price of USD15.6947) . You will see the details on the confirmations . As Seller of the options , ENE will be obliged to pay Lehman upon delivery of the shares if the options are automatically exercised on the Expiration Date(s) . Please note that there are also changes to the confirmations with respect to "Regulation M/Tender Offer Event" appearing on page 4 ( i.e. , Cash Settlement will apply instead) . Clint: please verify that the confirmation changes conform to your discussions with Russ . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks . Sara
I have an 8:30 a.m . doctor's appointment .
Clint: Please remember to send copies of the executed Lehman puts to me . Thanks . Sara
Kim: I have never received credit from Jay . Sara
Brent: I've attached my comments to Kim's new revision . Would you like to change anything ?
Monument Derivatives GIVE UP to GS&Co .
Tom: Please forward your requisite email request to Donna Lowry , Rick Carson and Bill Bradford with your request and reasons . This will entail new account application , board resolution and authorized trader list . By the way , the Enron Corp . corporate database does not list a company with the name "Enron Capital Trade Merchant Investments." Thanks . Sara
false alarm
Thanks for your help , as usual . Sara
Susan , here's my email . I just left Bill another message . Sara
Tanya and Jay: I need someone to please look into the following trades with various Enron entities ( other than ENA ) identified by Beth Ng of Morgan and whether these were booked incorrectly or should properly be booked in the names of the following affiliates: Enron Liquids Enron Reserve Acquisition Corp . ( oil option ) EOTT ( I think EOTT documents its financial deals separately ) Also , there have been trades for physical settlement , such as , an "oil forward" and a "gas TBP forward" . Maybe Jeff knows the answer to this one . Thanks .
Larry Anderson with Carr has called to inquire about ENA financials and an Enron Corp . guaranty . From an historical perspective , it has always been my understanding that Enron Corp . did not wish to provide guaranties to brokers and we have been successful in that regard with several recent exceptions . In particular , Enron Corp . provided Carr with a "comfort letter" reciting the corporate "policy of general financial responsibility and interest in seeing that subsidiaries act responsibly." [letter dated February 16 , 1999] Such letter is no longer sufficient to satisfy Credit Agricole which owns Carr . Joe , I believe that Larry may have already spoken with you . I don't know if your conversation included discussion of a guaranty . Please let me know how you would like to proceed . Thanks .
I have reviewed the following documents from CSFBI: ( 1 ) Cancellation letter for five ( 5 ) swaps ( which were never confirmed ) ( 2 ) Equity Swap on 400,000 shares ENE ( 3 ) Two ( 2 ) Equity Forwards on 1,025,000 shares and 1,672,000 shares ENE , respectively The forwards contain $40 price triggers which will be adjusted through either an amendment or put . This will be documented after the swap and forwards are signed . Please review the trade details for the swap and forwards , including share caps , floating amounts payable by ENE , spreads , etc . You have an email version of the CSFBI documents . The documents are in the format agreed to with CSFBI on October 2 . Let me know if you have any questions . Sara
Mark: Should we amend the "Procedures for Entering into Transactions" in the RMT masters to provide for paperless transactions ?
Lunch sounds great ! Any time is good for me . Just holler . Sara
We are faxing the FIMAT USA futures customer agreement to you now . Marie Heard will be assisting me in forwarding required documentation . Enron North America Corp . will provide authorization ( corporate and trading) . We will call you shortly about the full package . Thanks for your help . Sara
Tanya: Would you please prepare a credit worksheet for Chase . Thanks . Sara
soon b/c I'm losing info
Maureen: Thanks for the amendment . I have made a change that I hope you will find acceptable . Just give me a call . We will have this executed today and faxed back to you immediately . Thanks for your help . Regards . Sara
Steven: I made a few changes but I realize this was your "form" letter . The ISDA Master is not with the branch . Just give me a call and we can resolve quickly . Thanks very much . Sara
Maureen: Am I reading too many documents at once ? After receiving your voice mail , I realized the error of my ways . Your amendment is fine as is . I will have this executed . Thanks . Sara
I am faxing to you a copy of the Statement submitted by UBS to Enron Corp . reflecting calculation of the Early Termination Amount owed by Enron Corp . and due on Monday , October 29 , 2001 .
Beth Ng at Morgan has requested that trades in the names of Enron Liquid Fuels , Inc . ( "ELFI") , Enron Reserve Acquisition Corp . and Enron Gas Liquids ( physical and financial ) be "novated" or transferred to ENA . Beth is aware that this is a credit issue . I have copies of four ( 4 ) financial confirms between Morgan and ELFI . These were produced by Morgan for Trade Dates February 28 , 2001 ( 30,000 BBL total ethane) , March 6 , 2001 ( 30,000 BBL total propane),March 26 , 2001 ( 150,000 BBL total propane ) and March 26 , 2001 ( 150,000 BBL total propane) . Beth has probably contacted Jeff Hodge and/or Alan Aronowitz on the physical side with the same request . Thanks . Sara
I'm going to N.O . In case you need anything , my cell number is 713-705-1823 .
Wendi - ENA signed the amendment on Friday . Please let me know that you are fully agreed with Chase . SS
Nora: Can you send me a copy of the executed repo between GS&Co . and ENE so that I can log it into my database ? Also , if you need the link for ENA's Lotus Notes database , please let me know . We have a section for various types of agreements , including , repos , futures , brokerage , give-ups , custody , etc . Thanks . Sara
bad day
Gil: Please forward copies of the executed confirms for your ENA/Bear derivatives transaction . Thanks . Sara
I will email my comments shortly . In the meantime , you were going t eamil an interest rate schedule to me . Also , do you have a fee schedule ? Thanks .
Sheila: attached is the markup I am preparing to send to FIMAT Canada . Some of the redlining reflects ENA's prior agreement with FIMAT USA , Inc . A few things for you to note and we can chat quickly: ( 1 ) Par . 5 - will we agree to a fee schedule now or "as agreed to from time to time" ? ( 2 ) Par . 7 - I have requested the interest rate schedule . Alternatively , I have "borrowed" language from the FIMAT USA , Inc . agreement . Which do you think is best ? ( 3 ) Par . 8 - is the reference to CAD50,000 for speculative accounts alright ? Or will this be simply a hedge account and that particular language is extraneous ? ( 4 ) Par . 14 - will you need to object by phone ( or is fax sufficient) ?
Sheila: Marie is looking into this one which appears to have been executed . Sara
Nora: I checked two other ENE subsidiary agreements and found: ( 1 ) We have successfully negotiated a limitation of liability clause ( ENE's format ) ( 2 ) We have been able to amend Par . 2 to "delete all references to affiliates of GS&Co , including the words "or any of your affiliates" and "each of your affiliates" wherever such words appear AND delete the words "without notice to Client " in the sixth line and replacing them with "without prior notice to Client , but with reasonable notice thereafter" AND deletethe last sentence of Section 2 ( 3 ) Section 4: same as ( 2 ) above Let me know if I can help further -
Attached are comments to the Customer Agreement . Please call . Thanks . Sara
Beth Ng keeps calling me about the ELFI trades; she wants to rebook to ENA . Any ideas ? Sara
Joanne: ( 1 ) file for Morgan/ELFI trade issues ( 2 ) I left a short list of 3 CSFBI files on your chair
Laurel: I have the repo agreement and it will be delivered to you in the a.m .
Please print .
no
John: Tthanks for the heads-up . What is the full name of this party ? Exactly what "ISDA" did you leave for them to review ( i.e. , was this a customized agreement with credit?) ? Can I please have a copy in case someone calls me . Thanks . Sara
Per my vague voice mail , please open the attached document ( Terms of Business ) and look at page 12 , Paragraph 20 ( Jurisdiction) . This is the paragraph I am inquiring about . Thanks , as usual . Sara
Jonathan: The attached document is governed by English law and subject to SFA rules and regulations . Could you please take a quick look at the SFA provisions and let me know if you have any comments ? The SFA references appear in the following paragraphs of the Terms of Business: Also , I'm uncertain of the following: page 13- 1.2 Is this "best execution" language alright ? page 17- 7.3 Is the "further assurance" language appropriate for perfection of a security interest in Collateral ( in England) ? page 28- Schedule 3 Are these "LIFFE" terms fairly standard ? Appendix This Appendix contains provisions for documenting CFD's . Can't these be documented under an ISDA ? Please let me know if you have any questions . And , thanks for your generous assistance . Sara
Sheila: A few points: ( 1 ) I've sent a request to London to review the SFA reps and LIFFE provisions; Jonathan Marsh is out of the office until Nov . 5 . Jonathan is the regulatory expert . ( 2 ) Page 5 - 7.1 ( MDL and CLR fees/charges ) and 7.2 ( direct payment by CLR of MDL costs) . Do you already have a fee schedule ? Since ECT will be clearing through GSI and MC&Co. , should we delete references to CLR ? or shoudl we markup the CLR references as if we would be clearing through CLR ? I suppose you may decide to clear throug CLR . ( 3 ) Page 6 - 7.5 ( account debit for fees ) ( 4 ) Page 11- 15.2 . I don't think we would object if CLR had the right to assign to Credit Lyonnais , but does ECT need to right to assign to another entity ( without first obtaining consent) ? ( 5 ) Page 16- 4 and 5.2 . Also , will we be settling outside the U.K . per 6.2 ? I didn't know if this could be an issue . ( 6 ) Page 19- 8.1 . Have you agreed to alternative interest arrangements ? ( 7 ) What exchanges will you be trading on through MDL ? This terms of business contains a Schedule 3 ( LIFFE terms ) and 7.3 of that Schedule will apply to all other exchanges per 3.3 on page 3 of the terms of business . Thanks .
at your convenience . I understand entirely . SS
Joanne: can you print this ?
We're on for Thursday . Thanks . sara
Could I please have a redwell for "Credit Suisse First Boston International" ? thx
I spoke with Beth Ng ( who is not a lawyer!) . Beth would like for Enron Gas Liquids Inc . and ERAC to sign the "mini-netting" agreements she has already negotiated with EEFT through Paul Simons . Morgan does not need to execute this "mini-netting" agreement with ENA . Morgan would be interested , however , in seeing the ENA form of Master Netting Agreement which they may also agree to sign . But for the immediate future , the EEFT version is their primary goal . ENA will execute an assignment with ELFI and Morgan to accept ELFI's positions in the four financial trades . Hope this helps .
Is FIMAT Canada emailing the form ? Sara P.S . I never heard back from Jean-Pierre about our comments
Marie: here's what John V . was going to sign .
Jean Pierre: ( 1 ) Have you been able to review comments to the FIMAT Canada Futures Agreement ? ( 2 ) Enron North America Corp . would like to change Paragraph 10 ( governing law ) of the Give-Up Agreement to New York . Please contact me about both agreements and logistics . Regards . Sara
Sarah: FYI re: FIMAT Canada Inc . I assume you have jury duty . Call when you have a chance . Sara
Angela: What did we decide to do with these two masters ? Please let me know . Thanks . Sara
Joanne: please change the attached give-up in Par . 10 for provide for New York ( not Quebec) . Then I need to print three docs for signature . Thanks . Sara
Let's try to not duplicate work efforts . I just sent a copy of the BMO repo agreement to Laurel Adams who requested this for the AA audit . Who's in control of the AA process ? Just give me a call . Thanks . Sara
Stacey Richardson has requested copies of the following docs which are in my office files: ( 1 ) BMO Nesbitt Burns Corp . repo agreement ( 2 ) HSBC Futures agreement We can send via interoffice mail to Stacey at 2127b . I may stop by the eye doctor in the a.m . ( Thurs. ) to pick up my glasses so I should be here before 9am . Thanks for your help .
Does anyone have this file ? Please let me know as soon as possible . Thanks .
Jay and Tanya: Legal would like to speak with one of you about the "Chase" and "Morgan" issues surrounding the Master Netting Agreement requests . There seems to be some confusion . I think the Chase request came from credit and the Morgan request came directly from Morgan . The items below summarize what I know about the two different counterparties . ( 1 ) At the request of Chase and with Jay's approval , ENA terminated the Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York Master Energy Price Swap Agreement . All outstanding trades have been transferred to the April 5 , 1994 Interest Rate and Currency Exchange Agreement between The Chase Manhattan Bank and ENA ( "the Chase Master) . When the merger is complete ( anticipated around November 10 , 2001) , the survivor JP Morgan Chase Bank will be ENA's counterparty under the Chase Master . [See Letter Agreement dated October 24 , 2001] ( 2 ) The Chase Master has been amended several times , most recently to provide for FX forward trades and resolve multibranch issues . ( 3 ) Chase recently agreed that ENA propose a new ISDA Schedule/CSA . Legal has requested a credit worksheet . ( 4 ) Among other things , it appears that the Chase Master currently provides for First Method . This has never been amended . ( 5 ) The Chase Master is used for FX/rate and commodity trades . On a different note , ( 5 ) Morgan Stanley Capital Group , Inc . has signed "mini-netting" agreements with ECTRIC . Morgan now wants to sign similar "mini-netting" agreements with ERAC and EGLI . I believe that John Viverito is working on these agreements . Morgan is currently satisfied with its status with ENA but would like to see our Master Netting Agreement and may decide to execute . Three outstanding ELFI financial trades will be reconfirmed under ENA and I am waiting for Morgan to forward that documentation . ( 6 ) Both ENA and Enron Corp . have been in the process of negotiating ISDA agreements with Morgan Stanley Capital Services , Inc . Nothing has been executed . ECTRIC has an executed ISDA with that entity . ( 7 ) The names "Morgan Stanley & Co. , Inc." and "Morgan Stanley & Co . International Limited" also appear in our database but you can check that out if necessary . QUESTION: The Master Netting Agreement assignment list contains the name "J.P.Morgan" . Legal is waiting for direction from credit for preparation of the JP Morgan Chase Master Netting Agreement . QUESTION: Does credit also want to send a Master Netting Agreement to Morgan ? Or should legal merely send Morgan a blank template to see if Morgan has any interest in executing such an agreement ? Sorry for the length of this message but the word "Morgan" raises all kinds of questions . I hope this explanation helps to identify some of the issues for anyone involved .
FYI
Jim: Please see attached . Urgent . Sara
thank you , thank you , thank you
Clint: Russ needs to know that the both parties are on the same page as to the commercial terms of the agreement . He'd like to hear from you on that point now . He's art 201-524-2279 . Sara
Is master netting appropriate here ? Sara
All: Just spoke with Harvard's lawyer Kim Noble who appreciated speaking with Bill earlier this week . ENE has triggered an Additional Termination Event under the ISDA ( commercial paper rating at A-2 and ENE placed on "watch" status ) but Harvard does not want to terminate . Harvard will propose an amendment to the effect that our Threshold will drop to 0 as long as a short term rating is at A-3 .
Susan: Can you please have a copy of the Harvard ISDA sent to Tanya . Thanks .
Gil: Will you be handling the documentation ? Does JSB Asset , LLC have an authorized trader list ? a resolution to open the account ?
fyi - I don't have any idea if this will be routed in accordance with the "process" for ENA brokerage agreements Do you care ? This is the second such brokerage agreement coming from Gil . Sara
ENA received a letter 10/30/01 stating that Man would begin margining on a risk-weighted basis rather than using the NYMEX SPAN calculation . This is prohibited under our futures agreement . Man has not formally called for additional margin ( which they have the right to do ) but rather is withholding about $25M based upon a misunderstanding between traders about moving option positions ( I'm not entirely clear about the circumstances) . Man has never claimed that the $25M was "additional margin" . ENA faxed a letter this morning to Man demanding the return of margin in excess of the SPAN calculation , basically a response to the letter . ENA acounting does not have the software to execute SPAN calculations . A recommendation to purchase the software was made by Sarah Wesner ( who then reported to Joe Deffner ) to accounting last year . I understand that John Arnold intends to move most positions ( including options ) from Man to Paribas . However , this information changes frequently . Joe Deffner signed the letter and a copy was delivered to Louise Kitchen . Let me know if you need further information .
Jim: I thought Enron Corp . would prefer to have an Enron Corp . lawyer review the form of note . I will ask Russ to ensure that you receive the draft Sara
Tracy: Just spoke with Michelle Sternberg . Allegheny does not want to carve out setoff benefit for ENA because it cannot take advantage of the setoff benefit . I told her that we still wanted the provision for ENA and could continue business under the old Merrill "deemed arrangement" which has whatever setoff provision we negotiated . She'll speak with Yair .
Russ: Please add Jim Armogida to the distribution for the note ( jim.armogida@enron.com) . Thanks . Sara
We need to remember to terminate the status of this agreement in Lotus Notes
Steve Kessler ( 212-469-8202 ) with DB legal has called to request an ISDA Master Agreement with ECTRIC . Who is the appropriate legal contact in London to initiate this process ? DB has an ISDA with ENA . Steve told me that DB also has an ISDA with Enron Credit Limited . Is a master netting arrangement appropriate here ? London: Please let me know on Monday which lawyer will handle this ISDA request . Jay: Please let legal know if this arrangement requires a master netting agreement . Thanks . Sara
only Jay can answer your question
Rod: London legal should coordinate with you . Sara
Rod: I guess this is old news to you . Hope all is well . Sara
Steve: I am told by Justin Boyd in London that he and Anna Fox have been working on this ISDA . Justin's number is 011-44-20-7783-6732 . Regards . Sara
Steve: I am told that Justin Boyd ( 011-44-20-7783-6732 ) and Anna Fox have already been working on this ISDA between Deutsche Bank and ECTRIC . Regards . Sara
Beth: Attached is a redline with a few brief changes . Call if you have questions . Thanks . Sara
help
Kim: Sorry . I will send the hard copies of the three ( 3 ) ELFI confirms that are being restated in the name of Enron North America Corp . The redline below was just to let you know that we are almost agreed as to the format for the confirms . ( remember late Friday afternoon I mentioned this? ) Sara
yes , please . At that point , how do you want to execute ? Sara
Thanks , Brenda .
please call me per voice mail .
Has anyone seen this file ? It is not in the file cabinet and is not checked out .
Matt: My comments to the Customer Agreement which you delivered yesterday: Please confirm the Enron party signing this agreement . If it is ENA , then need to add ( 1 ) ENA's standard limitation of liability clause ( 2 ) Par . 18 - exception for CSFB to attempt to communicate to ENA through reasonably available alternative means in the event of communication failure
these are all brokerage files with the broker name in bold on first line and Enron company beneath it Credit Suisse First Boston / JSB Asset , L.L.C . ( red ) Bear Stearns International Limited / Enron North America Corp . ( red ) Goldman Sachs & Co . / Enron Corp . ( red ) Goldman Sachs & Co . / Enron Corp . ( blue repo file )
Sibyl Peyer ( see email address below) . phone: 212-902-8191 fax: 212-428-1899 Sibyl has your phone number . Customer Agreement ( I will forward ) Repo Agreement ( this is news to me ) Tax ID - WAITING ( Mary Perkins handling ) Bylaws ( not certified - OK ) Authorized Traders ( incumbancy from signer of agreements - NEED )
Here's the Customer AGreement which was signed by Enron Corp . Sara
Sibyl: Did you want me to dupe the Enron Corp . documents , i.e. , change signature lines ? I have a copy of the Corporate Account Agreement ( including the Schedule ) but not the Repo . Thanks . Sara
Mark: How do you want to respond ? Sara
Mark: How do you want to respond ? Sara
Tana: Can you get certif . from Deb ?
sure
Sibyl: We are faxing docs now . Sara
I'll look at now if you need it .
we are faxing to you now
Sibyl: We are faxing signature pages now . We have confirmation that the prior fax ( in its entirety ) went through . Call if you have a problem . Sara
I thought you'd find it .
sybil: can we conference you in with Ted and Enron treasury???????? ?
no - this should be for FIMAT USA , Inc . right ? can you fax their form of guaranty to Clement Abrams and I'll speak with him ? I don't think ENE will accept FIMAT's form .
Clem: Attached is my proposed form of guaranty ( format accepted by Societe Generale when ENE executed guaranty for credit arrangement to fund FIMAT USA , Inc.'s margin calls to ENA) . FIMAT will not trade without an ENE guaranty . Sarah Wesner will fax the form of guaranty submitted to us ( ENE ) by FIMAT . If that format is acceptable , we're done . Please let me know what you think . We are moving futures positions ASAP .
Thanks for your help - Sara
Also , Joanne is preparing red and blue files for copies of the new agreements .
Check with Joanne Rozycki if you need assistance .
Should I send comments to Andy Granger at fax no . 860-297-0301 ?
Marie: I don't know what this is about . Can you recall WHICH Bear guaranty ? Did we ever get the "lost guaranty" letter ? I guess we could use Clem's short form of guaranty amendment and we'll have to verify with credit . SS
Who is your credit approval person ? Please have that person email or call Marie and me .
Sarah: Per my voice mail , attached is the "draft" guaranty for FIMAT ( you have a hard copy) . I can't remember if I marked any other changes on ;your version that are not in the attachement . I would let FIMAT know that Soc Gen just signed this version ( except for the cap ) in December , 2000 . I have a copy of it in my futures agreement file . If you need any help finding this while I'm out , please call Marie Heard at X 33907 .
"and such material misrepresentation could unreasonably be expected to impair your ability to perform yuor obligations hereunder" Let me know if you need anything further . Regards .
I'll call you later when I have a free minute; tied up for awhile . Sara
Can you call me ? Par 3(c ) not sure if enforceable Par 6 not sure I understand what they're getting at Thanks . Sara
Laurie: What's your phone number again ? Sara
Mary: Sarah Wesner indicated that you had already been down this path and that using our FCM would expose ENA to CFTC auditing . Can you stop by if you have a minute ? Thanks . Sara
Kim: Attached are four "restated" confirms formerly in the name of ELFI and now in the name of ENA . I have reviewed the legal language for conformity with the Master Energy Price Swap Agreement and the language is fine . I previously sent you the three ELFI trades that Beth Ng had originally faxed to me . I am not familiar with one of trades below , No . 923614 . If you can reconcile these trades , please have executed and faxed to Beth Ng per her message below . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks . Sara
Jorge: The Confirmation which you faxed to me references the attached Exhibit A which is the original confirmation for Transaction 1980816 . Please send it to me . Thanks .
Please send me the Transaction referenced in the Termination . Thanks . Sara
Saul: As I am stepping into the middle of a prior negotiation , I hope that you will find my few changes to the most recent version of the ITG Redistribution Agreement acceptable . Please feel free to call at your convenience . Thanks .
resending
Jorge: Please read paragraph 2 of the Termination confirmation . It refers to the terminated transaction having "Reference number 1980816" . The confirmation that you sent to me ( for the terminated transaction ) has a Reference number 1980815 . The termination confirmation is referenced as 1980816 . You need to correct paragraph 2 of the Termination confirmation . Then the document can be executed . Please let me know if you have further questions .
Joanne: I don't believe I ever got this file . Thanks . Sara
Agreement executed Friday , Nov . 9 , 2001 and received by Goldman .
John: Attached is the boilerplate which you requested .
David: I left Debbie a message to get the scoop ( netting issues with CP , etc.) . Sara
Barbara: Contact details below . Please propose a form of waiver . I'll talk to credit and ask that you identify trades , assignee , etc . Please call if you have further questions . Thanks . Sara
Please forward a copy of the executed swap confirmation . Thanks . Sara
hope this helps - Sara
Debbie: Are you alright with AIG disclosing transaction terms to a third party as a possible assignee of those trades ? If so , David and I can have the confidentiality provisions of the GTC's waived for this purpose and we can proceed . Thanks . Sara
Tanya: To the best of my knowledge , please see the attached review of equity forward and swap deals which I have tracked for Enron Corp . You should contact Clint Freeland ( X57538 ) for further details . This list does not include currency , rate or forward rate deals . Sara
Jay: I know Stephanie requested a copy of the executed version of the "Amendment to Guaranty" . I need to review that amendment before approving the Second Amendment . Also , did you have a prior agreement as to the effective date of this amendment ? Thanks .
Marie: Can't find the Bear/ECI file . Did ENE offer up a guaranty for the ECI account ?
Tom: I just received a phone call from Bear Stearns inquiring about an Enron Corp . guaranty for the ECT Europe Finance , Inc . brokerage account . Have you received approval from credit ? If so , what is the amount of the guaranty ? Are we keeping the Enron Credit Inc . brokerage account or are we transferring all positions to the ECT Europe Finance , Inc . account ? If so , are we terminating the outstanding guaranty of the Enron Credit Inc . account which was amended to provide for a $100,000,000 cap ? Please advise me and credit of the status . Thanks . Sara
FYI
How about changing the last sentence of Par . 8.1(b ) to read as follows: "The Parties shall designate Enron North America Corp . as the calculation agent for the purpose of determining Breakage Costs ( such determination being final and binding on ECTRI , GSCI and the Parties ) and Enron North America Corp . shall take into consideration the two Quotations and the Estimate and any other information that it in good faith deems relevant." The above language would preserve each swap party obtaining a quote from an "Authorized Bank" [NOTE: you need to amend the definition of to provide that ENA must have the ISDA with the bank and not ECTRI!] and properly authorize ENA to serve as calc agent [which you are] . There won't be other changes to the existing Sale and Purchase Agreement . Let me know what you think . Sara
Tanya: We have provided ENE guaranties in limited instances on brokerage accounts and futures accounts ( with margin lines , e.g . most recently FIMAT USA , Inc) . The Bear Stearns Companies is an example of the use of corporate guaranties for the credit business . Originally , Bear required a guaranty for an ENA account ( holding credit positions); but that guaranty was terminated when the positions were transferred to an Enron Credit Inc . account at Bear with a new ENE guaranty . There may be a few others but we'd have to conduct a file review . ECT Europe Finance , Inc . is owned 100% by ENA . [Kate Cole is revising the corporate workbook to accurately reflect this ownership] . Tom: Please respond to Tanya's question regarding the purpose of ECT Europe Finance , Inc . Sara
Ellen: Feel free to send the language . I'm not sure Peter knows what parts of the agreement need to be modified . And yes , I think it would be helpful if everyone discussed the changes and methodology ahead of time . Sara
Frank: Attached is reference to the ITG agreement . There is no file; I added the information to Lotus Notes in order to locate the agreement in the future . Sara
top line: SNL Securities LC next line: ECT Investments , Inc .
Stephanie: Warren Tashnek called and would like us to fax the certificate to him directly . fax 713-629-1933 phone 713-629-1896 Thanks . Sara
Stephanie: Here's the infor for Global Contracts . Tana: Stephanie is updating Lotus Notes and verifying the transition .
Lauri: We are in the midst of obtaining the certificate . Also , I just noticed that the effective date is missing the year "2001" . Would you like to insert it and we will initial ? Thanks . Sara
here's the guaranty !
Lauri: Enron Corp . would like to reexecute the guaranty ( everything the same but with proper date ) so we will deliver a new guaranty and certificate . We ask that upon receipt , you return the guaranty that you are now holding . Thanks . Sara
We just checked with Corp . It may be later this evening but probably first thing in the morning . Will you let Warren know ? Thanks . Sara
Kim: We are still negotiating the ISDA with Reliant and are booking deals under an old ERMS form of Master Agreement ( which will eventually be superceded) .
yes , and the template should not be an ISDA template
yes
All: I am trying to resolve a recurring issue in the financial power group . In the past , we have withheld payment for all swaps with the same counterparty terminating during a calendar month until the fifth Business Day after the floating price is determinable at the end of a month . As a practical matter , calculation of the payment of an aggregate of daily transactions would conceivably wait until the last Business Day of the month when a floating price was needed for one or more of the swaps . How do you feel about payment for multiple trades with a party having varying termination dates throughout a given month ? Is this a cash flow issue ? Do I need to involve someone from Treasury or Settlements ? Please let me know . Thanks .
Tom: You sent me documents for Thos . Weisel to clear through Bear . I guess you are no longer interested in Bear . Am I correct ?
Evelyn Aucoin ( financial gas & power settlements ) I left her a message to provide a more detailed explanation .
Thanks ! My friend Donna called me yesterday and we were just talking about Carson . On a slightly different note , can I take you up on your offer to call Ofelia about not showing up on Thanksgiving Day ? Sara
Rod: We also have the :
Stephanie: Would you please continue to follow up with FIMAT in N.Y . to ensure receipt by us of the orginal guaranty ? Thanks . Sara
David Mitchell is calling me at 3 pm Houston time to discuss the futures agreement ( issues) . I'm reviewing the financial agreements and the draft master netting now . Sara
Tanya: Just let us know the parties and guaranty cap . I am not familiary with any Carr arrangements other than the ENA futures agreement . Also , do you have a contact at Carr ? Thanks . Sara
Stephanie: Scroll all the way down to Sheila's original message for contact person and the two Enron companies being guaranteed . You will need to verify with London that ECTRIC has a futures agreement with Carr ( maybe you can get a copy of it for our records) . Can you prepare a draft guaranty and ask Tanya for a cap . Thanks . Sara
Nora: Per our conversation , please let me know what you can about existing board resolution or bylaws . We are trying to change the signature card for the Enron Corp . Morgan Stanley account to eliminate Fastow and Glisan and replace with others . The request originally went to Sheila Glover from Tim DeSpain . Thanks . Sara
Spoke with David Mitchell . He would like , if at all possible , a "short list" of major issues with respect to the Master Netting Agreement to better prepare for the meeting . An email of topics/questions will be sufficient .
Sheila: I've contacted Rick Farina . Sara
As promised , Tanya's "cap" .
Carson: Have a good Turkey day ! It's pretty morbid here but I'm trying to remain optomistic . I am also going to N.O . and big B.R . Tell Monty to call me soon . Sara
The names I have for margin calculations are: Greg Whiting - accounting [reports to Georganne Hodges] and Todd Warwick who reports to Greg Kevin White
CELL 713-705-1823 OTHER 504-828-7714 Feel free to contact me any time . Have a safe holiday .
David: Attached is a draft confirm for a natural gas EFS under the new NYMEX rules . Please review the redlined language . The new NYMEX amendment permitting EFS transactions was originally part of a pilot program for Brent Crude contracts ( NYMEX Rule 6.21 ) effective September 5 , 2001 . NYMEX Notice No . 01-372 effective November 1 , 2001discusses the application of the EFS for natural gas futures contracts but I cannot find a specific reference to a NYMEX rule ( I assume it is NYMEX Rule 6.21) . Thus , I didn't know whether it was necessary to cite a particular rule . I also didn't know if I need to reference the number of NYMEX contracts in my "Special Provisions" section . Further , if Rule 6.21 is applicable to the natural gas futures contracts , then I suppose that the confirm should ( ? ) recite the information required of the Clearing Member by the Exchange . On the other hand , maybe the Clearing Member's report should contain information such as appearing in Rule 6.21A(C) , if applicable , and it need not be repeated in the confirmation . Can you give this a quick review ? Trading in the nat gas contract terminates in a day or so . Thanks .
Hey , Carson . It's too early for me to tell if this week will work . It's pretty rought over here . Let's touch base later this week . Sara
Sorry I had to cut you off , only another emergency ! Sara Shackleton 3915 Coleridge
print for Carol
Sam: ( 1 ) I'll be fine . I survived the first round of layoffs today ( what luck?) . Thanks for thinking of me . Hope you're doing well . My niece wants to go to Emory . Sara
Carol: Susan and I are available anytime . How about 9 am ( since our trading meeting is at 11 am) ? Sara
I have a meeting in a few minutes . Can we reschedule for later today or early tomorrow ? My cell is 713-705-1823 .
Tanya: Is there a way to identify outstanding financial/physical positions with respect to these products ? I'd like to cross check to see which counterparties have sent termination notices . I've already spoken to Bob who will compile his list for me to track .
I'm here for the moment
Please review for accuracy . Thanks . Sara
Laurel: Please call me in the morning . I need to verify: 1 . Was this an ENA transaction ? 2 . What is the actual account number ? 3 . What happened to the money when it hit the BofA account ? I think you said it was swept into a Citibank account . Was this an ENA or ENE account ? 4 . Where is the money today ? Thanks .
Carol: As the log is continually updated , we should be clear as to which entities we are reviewing for purposes of informing the book ad mins . To date , we have only focused on: ENE ENA Upstream Company LLC We have consciously excluded EES and the London entities or US entities trading through EEFT in London ( such as ECTRIC) . Since Enron Global Markets ( and presumably EIM next ) is under a mandate for liquidation , don't we need to liase with Alan ( for his US products ) and London ( for products such as weather ) which are EGM products ? Since ENA includes FX/rate , we have included that global product in our original review . This is needed to understand the process of liquidation of the FX/rate book ( as netted against other ENA outstanding positions) . Or is our focus still only gas and power ? I just don't want to miss anything or slow down the process .
Edmund: I have not received anything from anyone in London or anywhere else regarding positions , etc . I did speak with a Weil bankruptcy lawyer and there were many issues especially with respect to ENA positions ( and I don't know where the high value credit positions are booked) . They believe that we may have structuring issues working through London and not directly with a purchaser . Can you send the information over here ?
Kim Theriot can probably locate these confirms
Edmund: ( 1 ) I thought you said that there were specific transactions in the U.S . entities . I need a list of trades booked in the names of Enron Credit Inc . and Enron North America Corp . ( 2 ) I need someone to walk me through the numbers appearing on the charts which you sent me . ( 3 ) I don't understand what happened with the Anker Coal position . I know that London used that entity for the purpose of transferring this position to ECTEF Inc . Sara
Mark: Per our conversation , attached is a short "recap" of the companies and amounts involved . With respect to prime brokerage accounts , the following approximate cash balances are held by Bear Stearns & Co . ( "Bear" ) in accounts for the following companies: Enron North America Corp . $159,022 [filing debtor] ECT Investments , Inc . $3,923,970.84 [has not filed] Enron Credit Inc . $10,500,000 [has not filed] I understand that one of our U.K . companies , Enron Credit Limited , has been in touch with one of your employees with respect to the return of the Enron Credit Inc . cash and was told that Bear wished to offset that amount against the amount owed by Enron Credit Limited to Bear under OTC trades , approx . $1,500,000 , for a net balance of approx . $9,000,000 . ECT Investments Inc . sent a demand letter to you via facsimile on November 30 , 2001 requesting return of its cash balance . I do not believe that ECT Investments , Inc.has any OTC trades with Bear but I will need to verify . We would like to resolve the return of cash issues . Please feel free to contact me . Thanks for your assistance .
There is a Weil Gotshal lawyer in your office named Andrew Harting . ( currently in a first floor conference room - 30101) . He and I just spoke about the Bear situation . He will also assist with the Enron Credit Limited efforts to move ENA and ECI positions to London . Please contact him and bring him up to date . Then let's talk . We just tried to conference you in .
How about 9:30 on the 30th floor ? Sara
Alex: The documents look fine . I am having the waiver reviewed by our bankruptcy attorney and I have not yet received a response . The signature blocks will change . The U.S . Enron Entities will require a V.P . signature . The U.K . entity has two directors . I'll touch base with you in the morning . Thanks for your help .
Bryan: Please fax to me with you initials as I'm having a very difficult time finding signers today and whoever signs will want to read you memo . My fax number is 713-646-3490 . Thanks . Also , I'm thinking about the ENA signature .
Alex: Sorry for the delay ( meetings) . The authorized signers ( for both the authorization letter and the Waiver and Release ) are: ( 1 ) Enron Credit Inc . Managing Director ( 2 ) ECT Investments , Inc . President ( 3 ) Enron Credit Limited Director ( 4 ) ECT Europe Finance , Inc . [leave blank as I will have to find someone] Please note proper spelling of the company names . Hope this does it . I'll see Gary at a 1:30 meeting ( Houston time ) and can secure his signature; will have someone locate the remaining signer . Please email to London as well for the Enron Credit Limited signature . Thanks . Sara
I have not received notification for the last two pay periods . Is the problem resolved ? Sara Shackleton EXT . 35620
Hey , Lynn: I'm a survivor ! But , one never knows from day to day . When you return I'll fill you in on the details . Hope you have a successful trip . When do you return ? Sara
Here are three ideas . He does need a DVD player . Also , you might consider a black belt ( to wear with suits ) and a combination money clip/credit card holder ( I saw them advertised by Tumi and other labels) . I always have to guess as to what he needs . See ya soon . Sara
Of these positions , where the counterparty has not terminated , and there is only FX/rate activity , I find only: Goldman Sachs & Co . Laurel and Clara are reviewing this one - it may be repo activity . I am still trying to clarify what we can be doing for in-the-money terminated positions . We can discuss further at 2:30 .
Becky: can you please make an addition: After the the termination value brackets , put a period and add: "A valuation sheet is attahced." Thanks . Sara
Caroline: I haven't spoken with Frank in several days . You may want to ask Holly ( his former assistant ) for a number to just say hello . He seems to be doing a little better each day . Can we set up a call later today and I'll try to fill you in as much as I can ? There is a developing process and I'll tell you how it is supposed to work . I have a meeting in at 2:30 Houston time so I'll call you in a few minutes or afterwards . Sara
yes
Becky: Could you please email this agreement to all trading lawyers ? ( Taylor , Hodge Sager , Aronowitz , Tweed groups? ) Thanks
Just received a call from Virginia Loebel ( 609-936-8057 ) for a return of the $100,000 cash collateral ( Independent Amount ) we are holding . She is sending a request which I will forward . She says all trades have rolled off the books .
Daniel: ECT received a default notice from GSI dated December 3 , 2001 . The signature is illegible . There is a path in the upper right hand margin which reads "Draft: ( GWN/MJR ) The letter terminates the Prime Brokerage Agreement between ECT and GSI dated "20 August 2000" . As you know , our agreement was dated August 24 , 2001 . Can you direct this email to the appropriate GSI person for termination of the appropriate agreement ? Thanks .
Hi , Patricia: Please print for Mr . McKeogh . Thanks . Sara
Left a message earlier for Alex and have not heard back . Sara
I have verified that ECI , although a non-debtor entity , must have all proposed dispositions of assets or liquidation of positions approved by Ernst & Young ( "E&Y") . Brent Hendry's memo of December 20 , 2001 contains the phone/fax numbers for Cindy Ma who is our contact person . Cindy's email address is: cindy.ma@ey.com and her cell phone number is 917-680-7810 . Cindy Ma is currently in transit back to New York . Although she doesn't know who I am , I will leave her an email and voice mail detailing who you are and the urgency of your situation . You should do the same by email , voice mail and fax . I suggest a deadline for E&Y to respond to you since I was told in a voice mail from Tony Buggs that any delay whatsoever will frustrate your process for a sale on Friday , December 21 . I am not at all familiar with the details of your proposed transaction but I would alert E&Y to the reasons why you need their "approval" ( for which there is no written procedure ) immediately or else your "value" evaporates . There is nothing that I can do if E&Y is slow to respond . In that situation , I suppose I would keep calling the E&Y New York office to request immediate attention to your situation . By the way , I was unable to return Tony's message since I received it about 10 minutes ago and it's very late in the U.K . Just copy me in case I receive a call .
Did you guys ever touch base with Cindy Ma ? I can't answer Ernst & Young questions without knowing what transpired last night . Thanks . Happy Holidays .
Can we meet in the morning for a status update ? Sara
I'll check out the Big B.R . forecast before I come in .
Lisa: ENA has received a second written request from a financial counterparty ( Union Spring Fund Ltd. ) for the return of $150,000 cash collateral plus interest . The cash was posted as initial margin on trade date of the swaps . We have confirmed that all trades were terminated as of mid-December , 2001 . The counterparty has not sent a "termination letter" as there was nothing to terminate , but has sent a letter requesting return of the collateral . Although we may not want to return the cash , aren't we obligated to do so ?
Donna: A termination notice of the foregoing agreement was sent to your attention . Do you know what this agreement is ? Could it be related to Enron Credit Limited ( which had a position in Anker paper) ?
Bob and Tanya: ENA received a termination notice dated December 11 , 2001 from Tribune of the 8/21/97 ISDA Master Agreement and all outstanding transactions . The Early Termination Date is December 12 , 2001 . The Tribune claims it owes no payment but is seeking return of $34,000,000 in "damages." We need to identify all trades and identify the Settlement Amount for our response to them . Are we holding any margin ? Please call to discuss .
yes , earlier this year ( posted in the form of "up front collateral") .
How many outstanding trades will we be terminating with this party ? Is there only a collar ?
Bryan: I'll call you first thing in the morning . Is Edmund there as well ?
Brent: I must have been reviewing something from this CP when I sent the message to Tanya . Is Tanya right about having discussed this with you already ? I can't remember . Sara
Ed: Looks like Haedicke and Derrick are the sole directors and signers for this deal . Both are in the office today . Can you please prepare a short memo summarizing deal and request for signatures for me to present to them ? I am not familiar with either the insurance contract or the credit derivatives . Thanks .
no - I never heard back
I don't know who Sue Kelly is so you may want to handle that end . The London lawyers don't need anything further . Thanks . Sara
Termination letter setting Termination Date as 1/25/02 . Terminates the ISDA Master Agreement and deal nos . Y23821.1 and Y20976.1 . ENA owes $604,957.62 and "calculations" are attached .
Ellen: Have we liquidated ENA's positions ? Did we have margin posted with the broker ? Thanks .
yes . Lunch one day next week ? Sara
I believe the Goldman account ( for ERMT Corp. ) was funded on 11/6/01 .
Joanne: Per conversations with your firm , the three of us would like to meet with you on Monday , January 14 . Please advise if this is possible . Looking forward to meeting you .
sounds ok to me .
3801a . Give me some advance warning so I'll have it marked .
Today doesn't work for everyone . How about my office in the morning ?
please advise the names of any such counterparties , the status and whether you have a file with info . Thanks . Sara
The following parties have either tired of speaking with us or would still like to agree to settlement: San Diego Gas & Electric ( Not Terminated ) RBC Francisco was handling SDG&E; I have been working on the latter two ( which were both subject to termination notices) .
Dan: we would love to ! ss
These are financial "out of the money" swaps between ENA and various SPV's have been sent to me with the request for "termination" from Jesus Melendrez who is managing the ECR portfolio . Should this be reviewed by the "Intercompany Contract" group ? Sara
Sam: Please see me in the a.m . We are going to use this party as a test case for valuation and will need to organize a binder now . Thanks .
Did we ever receive the executed ISDA from MARTA ?
Just spoke with Cindy Ma who tells me that Wilbur Foster will be in Houston next Thurs/Fri . She again says that Millbank is asking about our strategy for handling in the money gas swaps . I know you guys are managing the EY relationship and I just wanted to let you know how she's bouncing .
Will you please call Ty ( whatever her name is) ? The reason being that their termination notice relates to the ISDA ( I believe ) which we do not have . Thanks .
Nancy: I have forwarded this to Cynthia as part of the "intercompany contracts" review process . Sara
I asked him if he knew of any hedge funds in TX or CA .
per our meeting
Call me . Enron MW LLC will be treated like any third party . Since we do not have our trading order , there are no unwinds or terminations and we do not have special preference for dealing with affiliates . If this is in the money to ENA , we may be able to expedite the process but we are still dealing with a debtor . I'm not sure that the relationship to ENA bears different treatment .
Here's an electronic verison of Tanya's 11/30/01 credit ag report
Ellen: Did ENA close all positions ? How much margin was posted and has it been returned to an ENA account ?
Tom: Time is running out for the month of January and we need your list and copies of LC's expiring at the end of the month as well as positions to determine possible draws . Are you handling this ?
I didn't call the meeting .
A few questions: ( 1 ) Where does the NYMEX amount come from ( I understand that ENA has no open futures positions) ? Is it margin ? Also , what is that number today ? ( 2 ) Why are there entries for both "JPMorgan Chase Bank" and "The Chase Manhattan Bank" ? What is the difference ? For example , we have a termination notice from Chase but not JPMorgan Chase . Thanks .
Hey , Deb , how do I say this ? Clearly he can never stay at my house . Would you just send an email reply of "NO" ? Your sister , Sas
No way .
Sheila , while I think of it , I misplaced the info I gave you about the deferral plan contacts . Can you make a copy for me ? thx
and , p.s. , thanks for the Israel info . Are you considering not going ?
Cheryl: Gordon Heaney tells me that you have received information about non-terminated , defaulting P&P counterparties ( on the financial side) . We are developing a strategy for handling these types of entities and I want to ensure that ENA responds/acts consistently . Many of the P&P parties misinterpret the ISDA documents and I observe that many are in the money to ENA , have not terminated and may be in default for failures to pay or post collateral . Can you let me know if you actively pursued these parties for Bob Crane ? Thanks . Sara
I'm sure this is not new to you but Cindy Ma just called . I guess Raj was trying to schedule a meeting today for lawyers ( in/out ) to meet for several hours with these guys who are only here today . I punted to you guys . She's asking specifically about strategies for terminated/nonterminated positions and other time sensitive issues . Also wants people like Sager , Hodge , etc .
Paul , FYI
Bob: Can you please handle for EIM ? Susan has a lot of information . Also , it is my understanding that any information going out the door must be logged in by Raz . Thanks . Sara
thanks
Ed: I think this answers the question . I know to research outstanding broker claims ( e.g. , BNP Paribas is witholding USD 80,000,000 to setoff against other claims) .
I just heard from Tom Riggs who indicated that Goldman was still in the process of calculating the Settlement Amount which , together with the affected trades , will be sent to us in the next few weeks .
I have an 11 am appointment on Monday and will miss the 11 am trading meeting . I'll check with you later on Monday .
Thanks . What exchanges do these entries reflect ( e.g. , NYMEX only?) ? Sara
At the moment , no . Can you keep a list of these requests ?
Alex: The JEDI II account was opened to liquidate a position in Cypress Energy ( around September , 2000) . Please let me know if you need further information . Thanks . Sara
Can we have a short meeting to identify our immediate path for trade termination ? I'm not certain of the critical steps required before we can begin to respond . I have a short list of questions . I apologize if you covered this in yesterday's meeting . Thanks .
I just wanted to verify that the following parties are out of the money ( as of 11/30/01): I was told that these are now in the money to ENA .
Tanya: EPMI shows up only twice: Public Utility District No . 1 of Snohomish County United Illuminating Co . Also , you have an entry for "Enron MW LLC" as party wtih Peoples Gas Light & Coke Co . Was your list intended to capture any other Enron affiliates other than Enron MW LLC ? Are there any other EPMI parties ? Thanks . Sara
Good Morning ! Can you please print ? thanks .
Francisco tells me that all of the Mexican ISDA Master Agreements provide for automatic early termination ( as of the day prior to filing) . Valuation would have occurred as of Friday , Nov . 30 , 2001 . The valuation info . that I had ( for the parties below ) must have come from the commercial people and incorrect .
Remember your "Star Gas Propane" chart ? We need this for the above party who would like to settle with . Call when you have a chance .
FYI , Mexico . I'll rely on your 11/30/01 calculations . I don't know if Jaime worked with credit . Sara
Yes , I am very ineterested in seeing images of the new pieces . You may send to either email address . Thanks . Sara Shackleton
Ellen: Did we ever determine our margin position with Carr ?
Brent Hendry apprised me of the following: ( 1 ) Air Canada - ENA invoiced CP and CP paid us but no release was ever executed ( 2 ) RMS Monte Christo - discussions had but no money ever received or agreement signed; termination may have been drafted but never delivered
Please cancel my Body Shop membership immediately .
Susan: Please send the foregoing list to Richard . Thanks .
( 1 ) TXU Energy Trading Company [(2 ) BP Capital Energy Fund LP - may be subject to mutual termination] ( 2 ) Noble Gas Marketing Inc . ( 3 ) Puget Sound Energy , Inc . ( 4 ) Virginia Power Energy Marketing , Inc . [(5 ) T . Boone Pickens - may be subject to mutual termination] ( 5 ) Neumin Production Co . ( 6 ) Texaco Natural Gas Inc . ( may be booked incorrectly for Texaco , Inc . financial trades ) ( 7 ) ACE Capital Re Overseas Ltd . ( 8 ) Nevada Power Company ( 9 ) Prior Energy Corporation ( 10 ) Select Energy , Inc .
The following parties have terminated their financial masters with ENA and we need the list of outstanding trades generated by credit: Goldman Sachs Capital Markets LP Royal Bank of Canada West LB J . Aron CIBC Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks .
Can you please forward the Master Log to Elena ? Thanks .
We have received a settlement offer from U.S . Brick with respect to two financial trades ( V48090.1 , V48242.1 dated April 20 , 2001 ) on GTC's . CP is disputing previoius invoices and has not yet terminated the trades . Settlement offer is $200,00 per letter dated January 22 , 2002 . Please advise regarding FMTM , your "spreadsheet" and outstanding confirms . Thanks .
Ted/Paul: Could you give me a call on Tuesday morning to discuss ? I think Mary Nell will try to call me as well . I just want to determine how Houston can assist . Thanks . Sara
Alan: I have received two audit requests for Con Ed . Any ideas ( i.e. , who should respond) ?
I had a conversation with Ted Murphy and Mary Nell Browning this morning re: ECTRIC and the London process . Ted has generated both an in and out -of-the-money list which he will forward so that Houston can review for counterparty termination accuracy . I think that London can use our newly established processes as a template . Ted and others will participate in the 9:30 a.m . conference call Feb . 6 . Tom and Bjorn: Can you provide a Ted with a copy of the "Star Gas Propane , L.P." template , or if this has been replaced , a copy of the most recent template ? Also , the "Liquidation of Price Risk Management Book" template ? Alan: Can you provide Ted and Mary Nell with a copy of the decision tree and settlement process flowchart ? If the handouts for tomorrow will be ready and incorporate the above , the handouts are all that London will need . Thanks . SS
Sam: This is on the settlement track . Please pull the ISDA , all confirms and any notice letters and put in a binder . RAC should provide the valuation .
fyi: It has come to my attention that Tana/Marie are making constant use of the xerox for copying the ISDA preprinted form , etc . Is there a standard for outsourcing these jobs ?
The most recent list that I have is abased on the 1/30/02 Master Log . Does this incorporate all of the changes that Susan B . had provided you with ?
All: Here's the second tier of counterparties to add to the data retrieval list: ( 11 ) Medianews Group , Inc . ( 12 ) Macromedia Incorporated ( 13 ) British Airways plc ( 14 ) Merced Irrigation District ( 15 ) Eugene Water & Electric Board ( 16 ) Johns Manville INternational , Inc . ( 17 ) Public Service Company of Colorado ( 18 ) James Hardie Australia Finance Pty Ltd ( 20 ) Airtran Holdings , Inc . Please include Bob , Susan , Samantha and Stephanie on the email for your counterparty analysis since they are compiling the counterparty data books . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks . Sara
Please leave me a voice mail or email and advise what phone number to call . Alan Aronowitz ( if available) , Mark Ellenberg ( Cadwalader in New York ) and I would like to speak with you about the possibility of immediate assistance which will blend into the Houston process and institutional knowledge . We are anxious to speak with you before the dial-in conference call . Please let me know . Thanks .
Joanne: I'll hand you the revision to the template below ( ignore the second attachment) . Sara
phone: 011-44-20-7783-6582 fax: [in my other notebook sitting in the conference room; it's no wonder I can't keep it ( myself ) together}
Mary Nell: Mark Ellenberg is the N.Y . Cadwalader lawyer who is assisting Houston on a regular basis ( he has an office on our floor and is available through our email system) . Mark has asked Michelle Duncan with Cadwalader's U.K . office to contact you to explore the possibility of assisting you with ECTRIC and other trading/bankruptcy issues . I was thinking that the U.S . process for trade termination/evaluation could be replicated in London and a Cadwalader lawyer ( with trading experience ) could make use of Mark's experience with pre- and post-filing "Enron" issues .
fyi only - this has to do with ACCESS trading only
Do you have some time on Monday to discuss this project ? Thanks . Sara
Sheila: Please remind me which Enron company this is for . Thanks . Sara
Joanne: please set up a short ( 30 minute ) meeting with my group on Tuesday afternoon . Thanks . Sara
Katie: I left a lengthy voice mail for you last Friday ( 2/1/02 ) in response to your voice mail . Have you proceeded with the filing for ECT Investments , Inc. ? Sheila Glover is currently available to assist on the commercial side . Please bring me up to date . Thanks . Sara
Sure; I think we can do that now . I thought we might approach it as we organize each file on a counterparty basis but we certainly do not need to wait . However , we will not be able to reconcile trades , etc . until we have the credit review for each counterparty and I expect that this may be a hindrance . Sara
Just received this information:
Thanks very much for your help . I am trading voice mails with Khymberly . Sara
Jill: Please call me TODAY at 713-853-5620 . If you can Fed EX to an address in Kansas TODAY , I can solve the problem . Thanks .
I spoke with Barry Taylor-Brill . He is interested in having me meet people in his organization and we will come up with some possible dates . Thanks . P.S . Check out the NY Times today - lots of us lost our deferred compensation at the expense of those "in the know" .
Enron Financial Energy Trading LLC ( "EFET" ) is ultimately owned 100% by Enron Corp . There is no org chart . Financials of all Enron subsidiaries are consolidated with Enron Corp . Sara
please revise - thanks .
We need to research now
Dear Mr . Taylor-Brill: I believe that the best direct jet service between Houston and Charlotte is via US AIr . Continental has fewer flights and uses other carriers ( unfamiliar to me) . For example: USAIR #586 departs Houston at 7:50 am and arrives in Charlotte at 11:10 am [USAIR#1620 departs Houston at 6:30 pm and arrives in Charlotte at 9:46 pm] USAIR #897 departs Charlotte at 5:10 pm and arrives in Houston at 6:59 pm I am certainly open to other options . Please advise if there is anything further that I can do . Regards . Sara
See my ltr directory for this letter . Please check the date and delete skipped line after my name . Thanks .
We cannot locate any financial contracts for this counterparty . Please verify that this party belongs on the ITM Non-terminated financial gas list .
Please call . I don't understand your message .
ENA has ITM terminated positions with six bank counterparties ( identified below) . Settlement is part of the ongoing EGM liquidation . We have an approximate $70 million ITM position with Goldman Sachs Capital Markets , L.P . I have collected all confirms for rate/currency and weather . We need the MTM values and confirm list now because we cannot have PWC validate or pursue negotiations with Goldman . This is the most urgent matter . With respect to the remaining five bank counterparties , I have collected rate/currency confirms . I need nat gas and liquids confirms , MTM values , etc.to proceed . Can you please identify Goldman confirm numbers and MTM values now ? PWC will also need . Also , can we establish a priority for the remaining bank counterparties ? I know you guys are busy so let's talk soon . Thanks . Sara
Alan: We need Ed Smida's help with prioritizing the EGM in-the-money requests from Beth Apollo's group . Beth is only focused on physical gas and power appearing on Don Miller's list . Ed S . can really help me and PWC in bringing a small but discrete number of EGM parties to the top of the list . Sara
when are you available this afternoon ? can you get into your voice mail at X53913 ?
thanks . Sara
Did Dominic Carolan already request that do contract reviews for these two parties ?
If you have a list of Dallas funds , I would be very interested . Also , please stay in touch and best of luck ! You can email at Enron or at sshackl@swbell.net . Thanks .
Please email the names of any financial counterparties which you have reviewed on behalf of global markets to Susan , Stephanie and Samantha . Such counterparties may have been previously reviewed for a different financial product and we do not want to create multiple files or conduct multiple reviews . Bob Sevitz is the "gatekeeper" for the data collection process . Thanks .
When Sheila left the company , the check had not been received . Laurel is now on ECS , 4th floor , and is checking for receipt of the check . Sara
Dominic: Rick Marshall from Southern Union called about a weather trade . Could you please call him ?
Bob: The attached letter can be used for terminated or non-terminated parties; just tweak the letter .
Financial trading is just now gearing up to send these follow-up letters . The few that have been sent have been incorporated into the counterparty files and logged onto the "Master Letter Log" which is updated by Stephanie Panus . Sara
Thanks for the info . There are some items that need to be corrected . Let's discuss when you have a minute . Sara
Mark: I don't know what your schedule is this week but I want to discuss ENA's response to counterparties who do not respond to our request for settlement calculations and methodology ( e.g. , Goldman Sachs Capital Markets , L.P. , J.Aron , etc.) . I understand that you may not be the lawyer to handle a response; this is a "protocol" issue . Also , on the financial trading side , I have another "protocol" issue with respect to nonpayment by non-terminated counterparties ( under the ISDA , GTC's or Master Energy Price Swap Agreement) . Specifically , let's discuss ENA's approach and use of a possible "test case" in this area . Thanks .
I am not familiar with Enron Re but on the offset side I'd be concerned about ( 1 ) different creditors for ENA and Enron Re and ( 2 ) ENA's offset position ( with respect to the Creditor's Committee) . I am not certain that we have clarified the estate's setoff position . Also , are the receivable and trades related ? Sara
Ed: The top ten ITM non-terminated ENA MTM positions in financial gas: Louis Dicarlo is assisting the effort in active financial gas ( commercially) . Due to the large number of open gas and power positions , the immediate focus is open gas ( financial)/power ( physical ) positions . Due to the huge volume of information to be retrieved for each counterparty on a global basis , it is difficult if not impossible for Bob Hall/Beth Apollo to complete the data collection if the counterparty is not in this immediate focus group ( I don't have the latest electronic version of the counterparty status produced by Beth) . By copy of this email , I will ask Bob Sevitz to determine if the top ten ENA ITM financial gas files have been completed ( probably very close to completion) . The MTM numbers will then be validated by PWC . The top 90-150 non-terminated ENA ITM financial gas parties have had their contracts reviewed and we are awaiting Bob/Beth to collect and validate data . Advise if you need an exact count . We are in the process of notifying the parties in this group of possible payment defaults . Hope this helps . Please let me know if you need further assistance . Bob: Please advise of status of top ten financial gas ENA ITM files . Sara
That's always been an issue . I don't think that Angelo handles all commodities . ENA also books financial weather , paper/pulp , rate/currency , crude , steel , plastics , etc . Credit Ag can pick up all products so Beth Apollo should be able to verify . Sara
I need to check this file ( default notice) . thanks
need to review this default notice ( please ask Jarrett or Blake )
sorry , but we need to pull this one also
Thank you for your recent call . I understand from Laurel Adams that we are unable to reconcile the FRA's due to insufficient detail . For those trades , can you please send additional detail such as a fixed rate or trade date ? You can contact Laurel directly if you have any questions ( 713-853-7035) . Regards . Sara
Alan: Could you please forward your list of assignments to Don ( with a copy to me as well) ? Thanks . Sara
I already spoke with Harlan . We need to check with him on Friday . Sara
I am available until 3 pm Remaining gas demand letters will be sent today . I have already received a number of queries on the demands sent on Friday .
financial contracts are 1-way you can obtain global contract numbers
Sorry , I was on the phone . Financial contracts are all 2-way . Ignore my prior email
Conference Room 3872 is the location
Baltimore Gas & Electric Brian Russo ( finance area ) 410-783-3623 Someone in settlements needs to contact him to determine Default Rate since BG&E wants to pay full amount ( sounds like all deals have terminated )
The check was supposed to be sent to Sheila's attention and Laurel was going to retrieve . Laurel: Has the check been received ? If not , would you please follow up with Goldman ? Sara
Credit . Tom Moran , Veronica Gonzales or Bjorn Hagelmann .
Someone from settlements contact Kay at 843-871-3200 EXT . 203 to determine default rate of interest . May or maynot terminate .
( 1 ) Citizens Gas Utility District of Tennessee ( Scott & Morgan Counties ) - sent wire on 3/1/02 . Contact "Missy Ancy"(? ) at 423-569-4457 . This was a voice mail . ( 2 ) Ormet claims that failure to pay Invoice # 0202112 is incorrect . On 2/5/02 , Ormet wired $362,476.97 ( ref . 2511 ) and this amount "includes the netting of $14,645.03 owed to Ormet by Enron Metals and Commodity LImited for commissions applied to metal trades." Letter given to Susan .
Alan: I received a call from Steve Samuel ( 610-337-1000 , EXT . 3009 ) who spoke at length with Susan Bailey this morning . I oly know that this involves liquids so I've not returned the call . Who do you want to handle for liquids ?
Debbie is sending check to Angelo; they are netting
Susan: Please add Bob Hall's name to the daily delivery list for this log . Thanks .
Check my voice mail . Brent and I would like to finalize invoice in the next few hours if possible . Thanks .
Sounds good . I have a few fires but I will call you at 3 ( your time ) and I have until 2:30 . Sara
( 1 ) Received a voice mail from Bill O'Brien ( credit manager ) of Select Energy at 860-665-2376 . He says that payments were previously made on the referenced invoices and he is pulling the data together . He wants to talk on Thursday . Louis , can you call him please ? ( 2 ) Received a demand letter from Stone Energy Corporation which cites ENA's ( i ) failure to pay Stone $46,564 under the swap EV3943.1 which will be a default in 2 business days , and ( ii ) bankruptcy . Stone may later designate an Early Termination Date . Stone will also offset amounts owed by ENA Upstream Company to Stone . Louis: we need to verify the swap payment issue and I'll have a copy of the letter sent to you .
Received written response from CP claiming the it has no payment obligations under the ISDA because of our Bankruptcy .
yes
Myra Gary ( 870-725-3611 EXT . 114 ) left message that funds wired 3/5/02; they never received the Jan , 02 invoice .
We need to revise the Master Log to specifically identify ALL of the parties to the Master Netting Agreement between the Dynegy group and the Enron group because all contracts subject to that Master Netting Agreement were terminated effective as of December 20 , 2001 . This should pick up Dynegy Canada Inc . and ENA pursuant to the Mster Agreement dated as of 6/16/95 and cause our recent default notice to become moot . I have not pulled the Master Netting Agreement today . Let me know if you have any questions .
I received a voice mail from Burlington's CG Rick Plaeger who is reviewing the letter . ( 713-624-9161 )
This appears to be an open position since neither party has terminated on the Master Log . ( 1 ) Any reason why one party cannot terminate ? ( 2 ) Is this a single swap or several ? ( 3 ) I think PWC ought to reveiw our "valuation" ( and Bob's curve ) since it becomes a matter of public record when the claim is filed in the bankruptcy . Any valuation ought to be documented .
When: Monday , March 11 , 2002 2:00 PM-3:00 PM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) . Where: 3801a
check with me on Monday; I have a letter drafted to send to them
Jim: Are you looking solely for Enron Corp . executory contracts ? We can identify the Enron Corp . ISDA Master Agreements ( which are safe harbor contracts under the Code ) as well as securities contracts ( also safe harbor contracts) . Please be a bit more specific . Thanks . Sara
Louis: Just a reminder that ENA received a letter from Tri-State last month and you are going to verify that Deal Nos . YB 5708.1 and 5833.1 are the only active financial deals with ENA . If you can confirm , then we can indicate on the Master Log that Tri-State has actually terminated all outstanding trades effective as of 2/27/02 .
I just received two letters from IR dated 12/6/01 and 2/1/02 which were probably in a black hole somewhere or on Elliot Bonner's desk . IR is terminating Commodity Swap Y810701 and demanding payment from ENA . Kevin , can you please confirm that Y810701 is the only active financial swap between the two parties ? If it is not , then we cannot reflect that IR has terminated its swap(s) . We will also need
Scottie: I heard about your new job and , what can I say except "Congratulations!" . I'm really excited for you . I'm also glad you stuck it out at Entertainment Weekly because that job will look good on your resume , especially because you had the gumption to remain for a full year . Believe it or not , your dad is very "with it" and knows what goes on in the real world . I think that he would probably appreciate a candid discussion with you . The reality is that he cannot control what you decide to do with your life , he wants you to be happy and he wants to protect you from all of the bad things that can happen in life ( if he had that power) . Since you have decided to tell your dad about your decision , I think you should talk to him like you always do and listen to him the same way he will listen to you . You guys have a terrific relationship and you should keep it that way forever ( you know fathers and daughters are really special) . He may or may not be happy with what he hears but he would rather hear it from you than from someone else . I'm looking forward to seeing you ( briefly) . Tell Park hi . Sara
Can you please give Blake a copy of a phone list ? Also , can Blake get security clearance for our email system ? He is going to have a security badge in a few days .
fine with me
Spoke with Dale Ginter ( bankruptcy lawyer) . Problem is that Merced wants to cut a deal and terminate if they can pay over 18 months . I explained that we would terminate if he didn't . I agreed to not act today and advise him of our decision . Louis , we should talk about this one .
You should show "Hallwood" as the terminated party ( see Louis's email below) . I don't know when the acquisition took place but we would normally hear from Global Contracts about name changes , acquisitions , etc . What exactly do you need ? I believe the new entity is "HEP Pure" and the termination was effective 12/3/01 . You should follow up with Susan Bailey or Blake Estes . Sara
Even though we have already terminated this counterparty , I received a voice mail today ( caller did not leave name )  for a commercial person to contact the company to discuss a settlement proposal . The phone number is 303-978-4965 . The termination was not mentioned .
Sam: Please get on my calendar to discuss maintenance of the log and contract review items . Sara
Dave: Can you give me a status report ?
I received a valid termination notice from AirTran designating March 13 , 2002 as the Early Termination Date for financial deals .
FYI ( you'll be in charge of the financial review from my perspective ) Also , we have an 11 am meeting today ( as far as I know) . Sara
are you still there ? Sara
no
We need to prepare files for contract review now . Blake , you will need to prepare demand letters .
Mark: Would you be available sometime on Tuesday , March 18 to conduct ( again ) your bankruptcy discussion for a smaller focused paper and pulp commercial group ? I'd like to schedule as soon as possible . We can meet at your convenience . Please respond .
Mark: Great ! Tuesday , March 19 , at 2 pm , location TBD in ECS . Sara
Tuesday , March 19 at 2 pm in ECS , location TBD . This will be Mark's presentation to the gas and power commercial group . Sara
The meeting will be held in OCS 04075 at 2 pm on Tuesday ( March 19) . Sara
Susan: Can you and Stephanie provide me with an update tomorrow afternoon ? Thanks .
Would like to verify this one before I meet with Mark at 11 am . Sara
Laurel: Please remember to make a list of these deals . Northern Natural Gas terminated 12/14/01 . I didn't check the others which we discussed .
A lawyer should send a termination letter which must be tailored to the specific contract and situation . Give me a call . Sara
Liquids Structured Deals
Can Blake and I meet with you sometime on Wednesday afternoon to discuss your financial contracts and how to terminate open positions ? Thanks .
Yes , shall we meet in my office ? or a conference room ? Sara
Blake: did Stephanie give this one to you for review ? We need to clear it up on the Master Log .
ENA executed an "Assignment and Novation of Transactions" effective 9/1/01 as to certain derivative transactions appearing on the attached Exhibit A reflecting that the HESC position would be assumed by Energy Marketing , a division of Amerada Hess Corporation . ENA was never provided with an executed version of this instrument by the two Hess parties . The assignment does not state that the transactions will be subject to the ENA ISDA with Amerada Hess Corporation . Amerada Hess Corporation terminated its ISDA with ENA on 12/3/01 . ( i ) We need a copy of the fully executed assignment document . Please forward to Samantha . ( ii ) You need to verify that all outstanding transactions appear on the attached Exhibit A to that assignment . ( 2 ) Samantha: When we receive the fully executed assignment document , we need to insert into the Amerada Hess Corporation file and conduct a contract review . If all outstanding transactions were assigned , we need to note in the Hess Energy Services Company , LLC file that no further action is required in that file . ( 3 ) Angelo: If all of the above occurs , then we will conclude that the invoices should actually be paid by Amerada Hess Corporation which has terminated .
Has the account issue been resolved ? I'm concerned about the ENA examiner and the cash control situation between ENA and Enron Corp . Sara
We also need to send the "cherry-picking" short letter .
fyi - sounds like a good deal for cwt
We will not "accept" Kern's termination letter .
Do not proceed with any action relating to a potential auction of financial trading contracts . You will need to have the process approved internally , with the creditors' committee and by our bankruptcy lawyers . I have copies of "processes" which were implemented by the physical power group which you may want to see and use as a template . Mike: the "teaser letter" has not been approved by Weil and we will need approvals before we can go forward .
Thanks . I"ll see you tomorrow . Sara
My assistant Becky Spencer will have copies made for you both .
Just received a letter dated March 7 - wants to hear from us and settle .
Neil: I wasn't sure if you still had the 53913 extension . Raj Thapar wants to discuss this global settlement . Are you in the office today ?
Please verify that the following are all 2-way payments ( got to be!): Macromedia
Neil - please call me . Your extension is not 54613 . Sara Raj would like to meet now .
Buy 50 April , 2001 Contracts @ $ 5.06 ( Contract settled at $5.072 ) Trading at $5.045 at 3:45 PM after hours .
I beleive this makes WestPark Res flat all months . Please let me know if you show something different . Swig
Tracy: I would like to RSVP for myself and a guest to the Customer Appreciation Extravaganza . Thanks , Jim Schwieger
Jeff: As of yesterdays mail I have not received anything ! Do we need to let Hartford know of the delay ? There will also probably be a couple of days delay due to processing the check at the bank down here ! Please , let me know ! Jim
Barbara: Looks fine to me ! This is true on a daily basis but on a looking forward basis we have Injection & Withdrawal Curves that are used . Jim
The only one's that come to mind related to Storage is Market Hub Partners and Western Gas Storage . Market Hub Partners sold Moss Bluff to Duke and Western Gas Stg sold Katy storage to Aquila . As far as address , type of entity and phone numbers I have no idea . Jim
Did you get this from paine Webber ?
Sell 100 NYMEX Contracts May , 2001 @ $5.62 Buy 300 NYMEX Contracts May , 2001 @ $5.5875 Sell 200 NYMEX Contracts May , 2001 @ $5.67
Sell 50 Contracts NYMEX May , 2001 @ $5.69 Buy 50 Contracts NYMEX May , 2001 @ $5.49 My Calculation of your April Activity is $66,000 .
Thought you might enjoy ! How was your day ? ENE just cant seem to stay up . Two down days in a row ! I have Jarrod tonight since Joan & Dave are out of town . Might try and go play poker if Josh will watch Jarrod for me . Have a good evening ! Swig
The Texas Stg that I know of is Bammel and 1BCF of leased storage in the Centana Stg Facility owned by Duke over in Beaumont , Tx .  Swig
I enjoyed lunch . Lets make sure we stay in touch after the sell . I need to develop my list of people to have lunch with once Im retired . You know that if there is anything I can ever do for you and Connie and just have to ask ! Here is the name and number of the Chiropractor out by me: Champions Chiropractor ( Bert Williams ) 281-440-6355 Keep up the weight loss , you look great . Swig
Sell 75 Contracts May , 2001 NYMEX @$5.36 Buy 75 Contracts May , 2001 NYMEX @$5.28 Buy 100 Contracts May , 2001 NYMEX @$5.285
Sarah: I think you have done a great job on the article . I know the Weather Group will appreciate the comments . I did make a few changes and saved them as the same document with a "_Schwieger" behind it . I have no pride of ownership and Im not a writer so do with it as you see fit ! Thanks , Jim Schwieger
How are you today ? The ball game last night was a disaster ! We give the "Bad News Bears" a bad name . Example: Runners on 1st and 2nd . I ask the third baseman what he will do if the ball comes to him . He replies touch third base . So the batter hits the ball down the third base line he runs up 5-10 feet from the third base picks up the ball and throws it to the pitcher . I give up ! We lost 20 to 3 On a worse note . Please don't say anything to anybody but Pat just called and said Shannon has filled for divorce . I hate to say this but he has created his own worse nightmare . She has never earned a penny of the money she has become accustomed too , yet feels it should belong to her . He has done nothing but foster this attitude . Too bad its not legal to spank your spouse . I will let you know what comes of things . Why can't everything just work out instead of all this turmoil . I hate all of this shit ! It hurts ! Love Jim
Hi There ! Here's the scoop on Friday night . I have attached the "e mail" I received in case you are wondering what's going on . I reserve the right to blow it all off and go to dinner or whatever we feel like , OK ! It was great up at Lake Conroe this last weekend . Weather was perfect . It was even warm enough to go out on the wave runners . This weekend should be even better ! I might go to Las Vegas tonight .  A friend was served with divorce papers today and is not doing real well and wants to go for 24 hours . We would have to be back Wednesday night since he has to be over in Louisiana Thursday . If I go what number do you want me to bet for you on roulette ? I would have said 38 but that's to high a number , ( JUST KIDDING ) Your laughing ,  right ! Its not really a great time since I have such a large position , but Its something I need to do . I would appreciate it if you did not say anything about Las Vegas here at work since Im not sure how much Im going to tell everyone . Im looking forward to Friday night ! Don't forget your number for roulette . Jim
Yes , all withdrawals for Centana should be in the same month ( May) . If we don't have a deal ticket for the additional April injections Kenny please prepare one for my signature . Thanks , Jim
The rumor is true ! Dick has two months to find another job within ENE . ENE goes from $1.50 up to $2.00 down . Booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Called the number you gave me about 7:40 PM but it was your pager not your cell phone . ( 713-415-4571 ) I figured you were pretty tired and just sleeping , which was the best thing for you anyway . I went over to the Kinder Morgan party . You missed a great weekend . Saturday was a little cool up at the lake , but Sunday was fantastic . I hope you feel better before your trip to the spa . Don't work so much ! Jim
Crystal: That's fine with me . I assume you are booking Julie on the flight from Paris to Copenhagen and Mike and Karen on the Copenhagen to Paris ? Thanks , Jim
Crystal: That is fine with me ! I assume Julie is on the first leg and Mike and Karen and Julie are on the second leg ? Thanks , Jim
Jason: As we talked last week Cannon Interest Houston has called and indicated that they would like to extend the current Base Load Buy / Sell Contract and also their Bammel Storage Contract . I will be faxing to you this afternoon the existing Contract's that I have marked through with the changes . A brief summary is as follows: The Buy / Sell Contract is where Cannon Interest Houston delivers gas to HPL June - October and receives gas from HPL November - February . The purchase price June - October is Houston Ship Channel Index . The sales price November - February is the June - October Houston Ship Channel WACOG plus $.21 . The Term currently goes through February , 2005 . Cannon Interest Houston has proposed that the term be extended through February , 2011 and that the sales price November - February of each year be the June - October Houston Ship Channel Index plus $.17 . The Bammel Storage Contract currently has a term through February 28 , 2005 . Cannon Interest Houston would like to extend the term through February 28 , 2011 at a Storage fee of $400,000 per year . The individual at Cannon Interest Houston that you need to call if you have any questions is Patrick Locke . His telephone number is 713-706-4318 . If you have trouble reaching him it may be easier to call his cell phone which is 713-817-5388 . I would appreciate it if you would call so we can discuss once you have had time to review . 713-853-7705 Jim Schwieger
Im doing great . Its nice not having to work on Friday . Weather is humid and cloudy . It is suppoded to be hot this weekend . Mid 80's most days . I looked up the weather for Las Vegas also . It should be perfect . I hope the Aladdin has a nice pool area . Think I will try and set up a massage for sometime Saturday . We should try and run sometime Saturday ? I think Julie , Scott and I are on the same flight . Continental flight 1941 leaves Houston 3:40 Pm arrives las Vegas 4:54 PM . If you do not want to wait I will meet you at the Hotel . Carry your cell phone and I will call or you can call me ! return flight 1930 leaves Las Vegas 11:43 AM arrives Houston 4:49 PM AC/DC isn't that a sexual conotation????????????????????????????????? ? And why would that make your ears ring ? Im confused . Be good and can't wait to see you on Friday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ! Swig
I thought ENE would be down for sure today ? Everyone was talking about it here before the market opened . I guess the Market is just happy we told the truth ? Or they thought it was more ? I feel pretty good but I had time to adjust yesterday afternoon . Got taxes done for everyone . Baseball game tonight at 8:00 Why are you out of the office on Tuesday ? Be Good ! Swig
YES , IM 100% IN ENE . ITS GOING TO BE UP AROUND $2.50 TODAY SO THAT ITS NOT AN EASY DECISION TO STAY IN OR GET OUT ! WHAT DO YOU WANT TO BET ! HAVE A GOOD DAY ! LETS TALK ABOUT 2:30 . SEE YA ! SWIG
I THOUGHT YOU SAID THAT AND ONE OF YOUR "e MAILS" YESTERDAY
THANKS FOR THE GOLF INVITATION BUT I WILL BE IN NEW ORLEANS THAT WEEKEND .
ADDING HIM TO THE LIST IS FINE WITH ME !
I THOUGHT YOU SAID THE FED BOARD WOULD LET YOU KNOW BEFORE THEY INCREASED RATES AGAIN OH WELL ! ARE YOU DOING OK TODAY ? IM FINE . A LITTLE TIRED . GOT A WRONG NUMBER LAST NIGHT AROUND 2:00 AM THAT WOKE ME UP AND IT TOOK AWHILE TO GET BACK TO SLEEP . SEE YA , SWIG
Mike: Actually....................................... . ( my Dots are longer than yours ) the SWAG model was 69.50000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001 , so the RESEARCH MODEL's operator ( you ) owes me 1oz of margarita!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ! Being so analitical I thought you would have known that!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 ( JUST KIDDING )
Tuesday: Sell 100 Contracts NYMEX May , 2001 @ $5.37 Buy 150 Contracts NYMEX May , 2001 @ $5.27 Wednesday: Sell 100 Contracts NYMEX May , 2001 @ 5.10 Buy 150 Contracts NYMEX May , 2001 @ $5.07 Remaining open position Short 150 NYMEX Contracts May,2001 Contract settled at $5.101 on Thursday . Trading $5.125 on Acces
I HAVE NOT HEARD BACK FROM THE OTHER NIGHT AND WANTED TO MAKE SURE YOU KNEW ABOUT TONIGHTS MAKE UP GAME . 6:00 pm WEST LITTLE YORK #5 WE ALSO HAVE A REGULAR GAME SATURDAY @ 2:00 PM PLEASE CALL 713-853-7705 AND LET ME KNOW YOU RECEIVED THIS MESSAGE .
Buy 50 May , 2001 NYMEX Contracts @ $5.02 Sell 12 May , 2001 NYMEX Contracts @ $5.145 I confirmed that your FAX # has been changed to 713-334-8333
Outstanding Position Short 162 May , 2001 Contracts @ $5.687 Current Profit is $905,000
Please put on my calendar ! Thanks , Jim
I know you are frustrated with the adherence to the VAR limits or lack there of , so I do not want to frustrate you more , but I would like you to consider the following suggestions . 1 ) It does not seem logical that the VAR limit between the Central , East and Texas Desk be so far apart . Under the current limits the Central desk can have a position 2,000 Contracts larger than Texas and the East Desk 1,000 Contracts larger . 2 ) When looking at performance YTD I wonder if higher VAR limits only gives the desks a greater ability to double down to try and make up the YTD losses . VAR LIMITS DESK P/L EAST $10 MILLION ( $66.1 ) MILLION CENTRAL $12 MILLION ( $13.9 ) MILLION 3 ) It also bothers me that everyone else does not hold the VAR limits in as high regard as Tom & I . There are no consequences if the VAR limit is violated . In fact in days like today you are rewarded for breaking the VAR limit . I feel that the following should be implemented in order to stress the importance of the VAR limit . The P/L for any desk exceeding the VAR Limit by more than $500,000 will be decreased each day by the amount they exceeded the VAR limit . ( For example if a desks VAR limit is 10,000,000 and the VAR is $12,000,000 the P/L for the desk would be decreased by $2,000,000 . If the situation is not corrected by the next day the same procedure would be followed. ) This method I believe makes for an even playing field . Under the current procedures what I'm learning is if you ignore the VAR limits and you are right no one will remember at year end and you are rewarded for breaking the rules . Please give me your thoughts when you have a chance . Thanks , Jim
Buy 62 May , 2001 NYMEX Contracts @ $4.98 ( Settlement was $4.981 ) Open Position is 100 Contracts short May , 2001 NYMEX P/L for the month to date is $1,162,300 May , 2001 Contracts settles Thursday 4/26/01
Buy 100 May , 2001 NYMEX Contracts @ settlement of $4.891 Total P/L for April , 2001 $1,231,300
Thanks for the way you wrote this letter ! It gets to the point , yet does not imply anything other than a search for an explanation .
Sounds good to me ! Please make sure the daily volumes report is covered . Hope you get lots of sun and have a great time ! Swig
Buy 100 June , 2001 NYMEX Contracts @ $4.475
Sell 100 Contracts June , 2001 NYMEX @ $4.36 Sell 100 Contracts June , 2001 NYMEX @ $4.31 Buy 100 Contracts June , 2001 NYMEX @ 4.26 Settlement Price $4.239 . Trading $4.228 on Acces .
As of today May 9 , 2001 Bammel has working gas of approximately 20.3 TBTU . Economics are favorable to keep injecting . I estimate that injections will average around 1TBTU per week through May 31 , 2001 which would result in another 3+ TBTU beibng injected . At the current pricing level this means that AEP would owe Enron somewhere around $98 million . Is this something Accounting should be working into the AEP settlement to pay Enron on June 1 , 2001 ? Should AEP be notified of the volume and approximate value . Is there anything that needs to be done contractually other than the original agrrement to facilitate this transaction ? I just wanted to make sure everyone is aware ! Please let me know your thoughts .
This assumes 65 bcf or approximately 67 tbtu of pad gas . According to this mornings Operations Reprt there is 88.3 bcf in the cavern . This includes Third Party Storage volumes of approximately 3.4 tbtu . Let me know if this is not what you werer asking . Jim
ENE down $1.25 . Looks like we were right yesterday ! Knock on wood that it holds thru settlement . How was the movie . Did your mummy scare you ? I think this must be my time of the month . I have been really tired this whole week . Talk to you latter ! Swig
Current Open Positions: June , 2001 Short 150 Contracts , July , 2001 Short 100 Contracts
As we draw near to the HPL transfer to AEP on June 1 , I wanted to remind everyone about the Bammel Ad Valorum Tax . As we discussed earlier this year the Tax needs to be split between Enron and AEP based on the number of months ownership during the year . Since the actual liability is not likely to be known until August or September I assume both parties will have to reach agreement as to how to handle this matter .
Ted: Please respond to Brian's question on when the Ad Val Tax is paid . Please "cc" me on your answer also . Thanks , Jim
Brian: Please see last two entries .
Buy 100 NYMEX Contracts for June , 2001 @ $4.31 Buy 100 NYMEX Contracts July , 2001 @ $4.37 Settlement Prices Today were as follows: June $4.298 July $4.377 Remaining postion is Short 150 June , 2001 Contracts $4.473 . Cureent Mark To Market value $262,500
IM OK WITH THE ADDITIONAL VACATION DAYS , BUT DID YOU KNOW THAT AEP IS GOING TO BE DOWN HERE DURING THE PERIOD MAY 18-31 , DOING BID WEEK . SHOULD YOU CHECK WITH SOMEONE THERE ? DO YOU WANT TO BE GONE WITH THEM HERE ? JUST LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU DECIDE . THANKS , JIM
THIS MAYBE A REASON FOR ENE BEING DOWN ? I DO NOT KNOW WHAT IT IS . IF YOU HAVE TIME TOMORROW YOU MIGHT TRY TO LISTEN IN ALSO . SWIG
Log In Password: jjj6781ejt "cc" mail Password: joshua7 Telephone Password: 7145345 Thats all I can think of right now ! Swig
Karen: This is the last day of grade school for my son and I will be taking off early to attend a school graduation party with him and will not be available to interview . Thanks , Jim
Sell 100 June , 2001 NYMEX Contracts @ $4.28 Open Position of 250 June , 2001 NYMEX Contracts at an average price of $4.396 Current Profit $277,500
Buy 100 June , 2001 NYMEX Contracts @ $4.205 Open Position 150 June , 2001 short
Please respond for me . You should probably notify them that it will be changing with the sell of HPL . Thanks , Jim
Crystal: Thanks for following up ! Yes its OK to use the same credit card . Let me know if you have problems . Thanks , Jim
Sell 60 June , 2001 NYMEX Contracts @ $3.87 Sell 40 June , 2001 NYMEX Contracts @ $3.805 Buy 250 June , 2001 NYMEX Contracts @ 3.738 Sell 100 July , 2001 NYMEX Contracts @$3.87
Sell 100 NYMEX Contracts July , 2001 @ $3.95 Buy 100 NYMEX Contracts July , 2001 @ $3.90 I show your open position as -0- . Please let me know if you have anything different .
Sell 100 July , 2001 NYMEX Contracts @ $3.825 Buy 50 July , 2001 NYMEX Contracts @ $3.775 Open position is short 50 July , 2001 NYMEX Contracts @ $3.825 Settlement was $3.79 July , 2001 profit to date is $190,000
Hi guys: I want you both to know that you should be totally embarrassed that the 48 year old fat guy found the web site on his own when you two could not!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ! The web site is: www.boat-ed.com/tx/ Ben get on it right away so that you can ride the wave runners by yourself ! Its going to be fun . Congratulations on passing all of your classes . See you in a couple of weeks ! Swig
I'm in a really sour mood . I wish I wasn't so tired all of the time ! I don't think there is a minute in any day that I don't feel like I'm going to fall asleep . It's the "pits" I almost called last night around 10:00 pm to just talk , but I figured that I shouldn't bother anyone if I'm feeling sorry for myself . I know I'm not real good at returning calls and following up on things . My excuse is that I'm always exhausted I feel like I must be doing something wrong since no one else seems to be like this . I do appreciate your friendship , and regret everything you have to put up with ! ENE is down $1.42 right now ! No news that I know of ? The DOW is down ( 113 ) right now . It appears that things may be escalating in Afghanistan . I think the Special Forces are close . Have fun at Jackson Hole ! Miss Ya ! Swig Sorry this is so late . I actually forgot to send it this morning???????????????????????/
Buy 150 Contracts October NYMEX @ $1.85 Buy 100 Contracts October NYMEX @$1.86 Total Monthly P/L $593,225
Linda called and said that they do not have enough vacation days left in 2001 , so they would like to use one of the later packages in 2002 . They asked how late in 2002 they could possibly go and I said I would have to ask you what's available . Give me a call when you get a chance . This is what I could not remember the other day when we talked . See Ya ,
OK with me . Please put on my calendar if its for sure !
Yea ! Yea ! Yea ! Yea !
Adrianne: The topic will be "Storage" . Would you please confirm that it is on Thursday , October 4 , 2001 . I'm out of the office tomorrow so I will have to put a presentation together on Wednesday and Thursday . Thanks , Jim
What the heck ! I will throw something together Wednesday morning and just wing it !
Adrianne - Where will this be held ?
Looks OK to me !
Carolyn: This "e mail" is to confirm receipt of my WorldCom Card Jim Schwieger
Are you ready for the visitors this weekend ? Hope the weather is great ! Looks like tonight will be really stormy . Flash flood warning is in place . Sounds like things should clear up and be beautiful by noon on Saturday . Jarrod's birthday is Monday so we are planning on taking 3-4 kids with us to the lake house . Have a good day . Talk with you this weekend . Swig
Prior to the meeting with the Texas General Land Office I think it would be beneficial to have some one accumulate the following information: 1 ) What has the load profile for the Markets served by the Texas General Land Office look liked in the past ? how does the load profile look now and how is the load profile expected to change in the future ? 2 ) If there is swing on an hour to hour basis during the day how will this be managed if HPL no longer provides the Storage service ? Before we make recommendations on how to solve their challenges I think we need to fully understand the services they provide to the various Texas institutions .
Sell 250 November NYMEX Contracts @ $2.61 Buy 250 November NYMEX Contracts @ $ 2.43
For the first time in 22 years of service for Enron I'm ashamed to admit that I work for Enron ! I have lost all respect for Enron Senior Management and agree with the Financial Analyst when they say that Enron Senior Management can not be trusted . Ethics and Morals are either something everyone else needs to have except Senior Management or somewhere along the way Senior Management started believing the end justifies the means . The communication the Employee's have received over the last few years about values such as Respect , Integrity , Communication and excellence must be propaganda intended to get Employee's to believe Senior Management really supported these values so that no one would really notice that their actions represented something just the opposite . I can not believe that Senior Management lacks the understanding of human nature to totally ignore the fact that if someone does not trust what you have said in the past you should not try and conceal pertinent information in the future . Then to allow an Enron Spokesperson to speak for Enron with the statement "It's just a balance-sheet issue" implies to me that this individual does not know what a Balance Sheet or Income Statement is and certainly should not be speaking to the public . If you are going to play the game of lying , cheating and stealing at least be intelligent enough to present a plausible story . To use phrases such as it was a hedge against fluctuating values in some of Enron's broadband telecommunications and other technology investments is a complete insult to my intelligence and to the definition of the word "HEDGE" . A hedge by definition implies that the upside and downside exposure has been limited . It frightens me that we are out asking customers to let Enron help them "HEDGE" their risk when I'm not sure Enron's Senior Management understands what a hedge means ? I'm also confused as to the personal financial involvement of Andy Fastow in the investment vehicle that generated this write down . I must be confused in that as a Trader Enron has asked me to sign documents declaring that I will not have any personal financial involvement in anything involving the Natural Gas Business . This must be an example of as my father used to say " do as I say not as I do" ? I guess we need to have audits performed of Senior Managements financial interest to insure their actions are as good as their word ? The fact that Senior Management and the ENE Board of Directors knew these transactions were being used to manipulate earnings and the stock price and took advantage of that knowledge to sell their ENE stock options in my opinion is "CRIMINAL" . It provides me no comfort to know that the biggest perpetrators of this fraud have left Enron in recent months . These individuals have stolen billions of dollars from ENE stockholders and Employees and need to pay the price for such fraudulent activity . They are set for life , having all the money they could ever need , while Employees and Stockholders have lost their life savings . You have completely failed at the job you were hired to perform . If this type of activity would have occurred farther down the organization no one would hesitate to fire the individuals involved and to institute criminal charges . I for one can not wait until the All Employee meeting next week . I do not think anyone wants to hear about third quarter results because how could we trust what is said anyway . Instead I feel you owe the ENE Employee's a thorough explanation of how you failed to perform your responsibilities , what actions are going to be taken and most of all apologize for the job performance to date .
Laura , Please let them know that I do not plan on attending . Thanks
I really wish you would not feel that way or make an apology . I do not consider what you expressed Friday night was anything other than honesty and true emotion and I would like to feel comfortable expressing those same feelings to you ! I trust you and respect your opinion to great extent because of the above . If I can help its yours ! Smile and take a deep breath ! I believe their is a reason for everything ! Let me know if their is anything you want me to express at the "All Employee Mtg" Swig
Sorry about not returning your call this morning ! I was trying to finish my questions for the All Employee meeting ! Like it made any difference ! They would not address any of my questions . What made it worst is I can not believe how STUPID the general Enron employee population is!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ! In the midst of the worst company crisis ever , when they have a chance to ask important questions , they ask the stupidest most irrelevant questions in the history of mankind ! I have concluded that the Employees deserve what they have gotten!! ! I'm not sick just lost my faith in everyone ! Except you of course ! lets talk tonight . Jarrod has a 6:00 pm ball game , but I do not think we are going ! Thanks , for calling ! Swig
Thanks , Boy I'm disappointed in the questions asked by other employee's ! Maybe the Employees deserve what they get ? Sounds like Parris was quick but fun . Glad it was you and not me on the plane for 17 hours . Be good and stay safe Swig
I slept good also ! Today is supposed to be close to 90 , but then the front moves through and Thursday is supposed to be 74 I would like to do the half marathon with you but unless I have allot more free time I don not think I can get into a shape that I could run that far ! I'm really fat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ! I'm getting pressure or inferences that if I do not drop things my bonus might not be there ! Saying things like it would be a shame to have such a good year and then have it blown in the fourth quarter ! They really do not know that such comments just makes me more committed and perhaps with a vengeance ! It does get me down because I'm not sure mankind is worth it ! If people you thought had standards , ethics and morals are now applying pressure , whets the use ? Sorry , to be complaining ! Talk to you later ! Swig
Thought you might enjoy this ? Thanks for listening today ! Swig
thought you might enjoy this ! Love , Swig
How are you today ? Things are OK down here ! Nothing really new since last night ! NYMEX went against me big time this morning so I decided to get flat . That will mean a $1,000,000 loss today but I will still be positive for the month ! Its the little things that count , right ! They continue to hate ENE ! It really makes me wonder ? Be Safe ! Swig
Thanks !
Password: etj6781jjj Phone Mail Password: 7145345 Enron On Line User Name: ADM08097 Password: SCHWIEGER1 That's all I can think of!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 Swig
Whatever you all decide is fine with me ! Sorry , I'm so late in answering ! I took Tuesday and Wednesday off and I'm just now getting to my "e mail" Get what you want . Just le me know Style , color , special equipment etc . Love Jim
Please put me on the list as a Yes ! Swig
Happy Birthday ! Sounds like a fun time . I have a dentist appt out by the house at 4:00 pm so I will have to opt for dinner next week ! Hope you have a fun night celebrating your ah ? 28 birthday , right ? Call when you figure out what's good for you . Wednesday looks best for me right now . Swig
If I already sent this to you just ignore this ! I will need a new chair for the new building ! The one I have now does not cut it . Please order one like I have now ! Thanks , Jim
The sky is falling ! The sky is falling ! Oh , never mind that's just Enron stock price ! It is probably crazy but I'm buying some more here ! Good thing that with Equity that you can not lose more than your investment ! Josh lost his last baseball game last night 6-11 . It was not so much they got beat as they gave it away . They were ahead by 2 going into the last inning and had 9 runs score on 11 errors . I think we figured the other team had something like 9 outs that inning . Josh and I are going to LSU this weekend . Jarrod is staying with Joan since he has an end of season baseball party on Sunday . The party is at 2:00 and we are scheduled to get into Hobby at 1:10 so I hope to make it to the party . Be Safe and may the FORCE be with you ! Swig
I think he will be talking with you !
I think the industry needs to look at Enron credit rating like a male looks at a women's Bra size . A triple B is actually better than a triple A What do you think ?
Hi There ! I hope you had a nice Birthday celebration ? I went to New Orleans last weekend . It was nice to relax after such a stressful week ! I did fall in "LOVE" Friday night but I think it was one of those one day viruses ? It was a nice feeling ! Are we still on for Wednesday night ? It still works for me ! I hope all is well ! Swig
DJ Enron CEO -2: Also To Get Reimbursed For Tax Penalties -- WASHINGTON ( Dow Jones)--Enron Corp . ( ENE ) Chief Executive Kenneth Lay could receive a lump sum payment as much as $80 million as a result of Dynegy Inc.'s ( DYN ) plan to acquire Enron , according to a regulatory filing released Tuesday by the Securities and Exchange Commission . Under Lay's employment agreement , which originally extended through Dec . 31 , 2003 , Lay was entitled to a lump sum payment equal to the number of full calendar years remaining under his contract multiplied by $20.2 million if he terminated his employment within 60 days of a change of control . In August , Lay , chairman of Enron , resumed his position as CEO following the resignation of Jeffrey K . Skilling , Enron's then-president and CEO . At that time , his contract was extended to Dec . 31 , 2005 . In addition to the lump sum payment , Lay is entitled to an amount for any related tax penalties if the payment were held to constitute an "excess parachute payment," according to the filing . Dynegy plans to acquire Enron in a stock swap valued around $10.12 billion . The deal is expected to close sometime next year , in which case Lay is entitled to $60.6 million under his contract if he terminates his employment within the 60 days . Houston-based Enron is a utilities and communications company . -Dan Lowrey; ( END ) Dow Jones Newswires 13-11-01 Symbols: Source DJES - Dow Jones Energy Service Categories:
Sure sounds to me that Ken is in the same shoes as the rest of us regarding the downfall of ENE . What do you think??????????????????????? ? Wouldn't you think the honorable thing would be to refuse any compensation knowing your terrible performance ? I'm sorry ! I forgot honorable is not an Enron admirable trait ! The wording of "If he terminates his employment within 60 days of a change of control" sure sounds to me like someone knew what was going on to me ? I guess we should have kept in mind the 2nd definition of LAY in the dictionary is "To put to rest"
Sorry , I missed your call . I was to busy being sarcastic about ENE ! How about 6:00 PM . I can go for a run beforehand . I picked the time so you have to pick the place .
Chris: Please let me know if you can not open this file . Some have had trouble in the past> Jim
Sell 50 December NYMEX Contracts @ $2.81 Buy 50 December NYMEX Contracts @ 2.68
Chris: Assuming you can get comfortable with a percentage MMBtu enhancement from someone like Garry Wilson ( the only one I would trust ) I would suggest a method that would reflect more than the spread . The way I look at this is that the liquids that are picked up in the gas stream as you withdraw from storage is an unaccounted for gain . As such , if the MMBtu enhancement percentage was 1% I would use a withdrawal volume of 101% of the injection volume . We have to realize that in order to recognize this in the real world , the Accounting Group would have to implement Accounting procedures that would try to capture this value also . Because under normal Accounting procedures for storage , barring completely emptying the facility of gas before refilling , this gain would merely remain in the ground with the remaining inventory . Accounting would have to recognize the difference between the MMBtu factor on the gas withdrawn and the average MMBtu factor of the gas injected as a gain . We still need to live within the physical capacity constraints This method more appropriately represents what you are gaining but increases your risk if the MMBtu enhancement percentage you use is too high ! I would appreciate being kept informed of what MMBtu enhancement percentage is used and how it is put in the model .
Greg: A rumor is going around that Andy Fastow's employment contract had language that would allow him to be paid $9,000,000 or some amount if a change of control of the corporation occurred . Several questions come to mind related to this issue that I would appreciate your response: 1 ) Please confirm the existence of such a clause or similar clause in Mr . Fastow's contract that would allow him a claim of additional money from an Enron entity . 2 ) If such a clause does exist what is Enron's intent as far as payment or litigation ? 3 ) What other Enron employee's have such clauses that would allow them to benefit from the merger ? Your clarification of the above questions would be appreciated ! Thanks , Jim
If the MMBtu enhancement is this high , have we considered whether this liquid content would be to high for the pipelines to accept ( exceed pipeline spec's) . Will additional facilities be needed to reduce the liquid content ?
FOR YOUR INFORMATION
Greg: Thanks for the quick and candid response . I appreciate it ! Jim
I think Greg Whalley and John Lavorato are individuals we can trust . I also know that those that we can not trust are aware that we are not afraid to press for answers and action ! Its interesting in that there seems to be two groups of individuals developing . Those that are personally self centered and ask what's in it for me and a larger group of individuals who want to end the selfishness and work for the good of the total company . Besides they all know as you do that I can be a real asshole if I don't get my way . Ha , Ha
Thought you might enjoy !
John: Bases on the conversations I have over heard I understand there are discussions being held regarding the Enron Corp 1994 Deferral Plan and the value of the ENE stock held in those accounts related to a single sum distribution . As you and I discussed previously I do not fault anyone for wanting to take their Deferred Values out subject to the 10% penalty . After having struggled with the issue I do find a problem with the various interpretations of how the ENE stock should be valued . Any method other than the number of shares times the current market value is not fair to the thousands of Enron employee's who had ENE shares in there 401K account and were not afforded a look back option . Some might say this is easy for me since I did not have ENE stock in either , but I do feel its a matter of treating everyone fairly . Most employee's do not have access or knowledge of the Deferral Plan so it would probably go unnoticed , but that would not be equitable . The solution in my mind , if the plan participants do not agree would be to deny an early single sum distribution which is a right , per my interpretation under the plan , this may encourage acceptance of the plans interpretation of the ENE stock valuation . I appreciate your reading my input !
I did receive !
Sold 150 NYMEX Contracts December 2001 at $2.605 Settlement was $2.606 . Currently trading $2.545 Current P/L month to date: $65,000
Sorry , I have not replied . Things have been very depressing with Enron going under ! I will talk with Pat tonight and figure out the best way to go forward . Jim
Buy 150 December 2001 NYMEX contracts @ $2.535 Sell 150 December 2001 NYMEX Contracts @ $2.65 Buy 150 December 2001 NYMEX Contracts @ $2.316 Monthly P/L is $671,000 . Nice trading ! Now could you loan it back to Enron , or maybe I should say I hope you can collect !
Hi Tammy ! Thanks for asking about me ! I'm doing fine . I have been very fortunate over the last year with this whole mess . It just hurts to know so much pain has been created needlessly . I thought that things were supposed to make more sense as you grow older ? How about you and Mike ? I hope all is well ! If there is anything I can do please let me know ? Jim
Jeff: Remember the Centanna Storage Contract you reviewed a couple of weeks back . It has never been signed I'm waiting on a few replacement pages from Duke . Given the Bankruptcy filling is there anything special I need to do ? Do I need special approval ? Duke is being very cooperative and is trying to work with Enron to meet our needs . If the term needs to be reduced they are willing to do whatever it takes . I would appreciate your input as to what to do or whom I should talk . Thanks , Jim
Vin: The balance in my 401K plan is $547,038 in the Stable Asset Acct . There is around $200 in ENE and $200 in one of the other funds . How I got that who know ! Esop is around $105 . The majority has been transferred to my IRA's over the years . Cash Balance Plan would not allow me access today ! I think it is around $35,000 . I believe Pat should have a copy of my last statement ( June 30 , 2001 ) I hope this is what you were looking for ? Jim Schwieger
Jeff: I finally received the replacement pages for the Centana Stg Contract . The Storage Contract and Firm & Interruptible Transport Contracts should be delivered to you sometime today . Please review and initial if everything is OK . Can I just sign after your approval or do I need to obtain someone else's approval ? Please let me know . Thanks , Jim Schwieger
Bob , I've not kept up with Brian for the past several years . I can say , that during the four years that Brian worked for me , he created value every year without having tasks and opportunities handed to him . In fact , even in his worst year , he created $6.5m . Brian really started our currency arb's ( US/Canadian ) in 1992 when we worked on Sithe . The concept of a "virtual power station" was co-created by Brian and Joe Gold ( his associate ) when they sold a virtual pump storage to National Power Ltd . after their failed attempt purchase an actual pump storage in the UK ( trading peak against off-peak spreads seems to be no great feat today , but no one had ever done one in 1996) . A lot of what we've done the past few years stems back to many of the ground breaking things that Brian and Joe started (  including the way that we structured the tolling agreements surrounding our Sutton Bridge Plant in the UK) . As for enemies at Enron---I think that they are all gone ( Ken , Amanda , Cliff , John Stokes and crew) . I think that Mark Frevert still thinks highly of Brian and understands that Brian was put in a bad situation ( being put in the middle of the Ken and Amanda thing) . I do know that Brian has turned around his life quite significantly--he's very Christian and has a lot less ego than he once had . If I could hire him back , I would . I'd just cut him loose , ask him to make me $6.0m/yr. , and he'd deliver me $10.0m/yr . I'd take as many of those kind of people that you could find for me . Let me know if I can help further . Dan
Pam , I don't see why the clearing of 41 is a prerequisite . Let's just get it moved from 4th to where ever so people can see it . I've got a whole floor of people apprehensive about the move and wasting time talking about what the working enviornment might be like when we finally move back . We've got enough to worry about , this isn't worth the noise . If people just see it , they will understand that this is not going to be a minimum footprint sardine pack , and any noise will stop . When can we expect it to be available for viewing . Do you want me to have Julie arrange it with Claudia ? Also , What has happened to our move ? We were supposed to move yesterday , we're all packed up in boxes , and nobody seems to know what happened or when we are moving now . Dan
Dave , I haven't heard anything about Pacer for quite some time . Has there been any progress or have we dropped it ? Dan
FYI
What about our move??? ?
We've experienced an unprecedented number of emergency situations during the past several months ( weather , terrorist attacks , internet outages , etc.) , all of which has been handled quite well by our market services group . With the last two incidents being so close occurring within one week our Market Services Group has been worked to the limit . So , if you have the opportunity , put in a kind and supportive word to a scheduler , take a gas controller to lunch , buy a customer rep . a drink ( or two ) ,  do what you can to recognize their efforts . Thanks Dan
Kent , If we do so , I would assume that the reasoning is based as much on pricing as it is on volumetrics . What are Jo and Larry's views on the market at this point ? Dan
Rod , I'd love to queue up a discussion about CMS and/or WMB , so that the Board is thinking "large acquisition" . I just don't know if we'll be ready . I've talked with Whalley , and he's let us come in at the last minute or call a special meeting if a big deal becomes evident . Also , Greg wants us to be very sensitive about capital structure in addition to operating cash flow . Therefore , I'd like to start getting Tim DeSpain involved . Does that make sense ? Dan
Rod , I'm a bit unclear as to the source of the information contained in the first two sentences of paragraph 2 . I think that they should more accurately be worded , "TW benefits from contractual commitments for its firm transportation contracts into California , contracts covering 86% of TW's capacity to California continue through 2005 . Long term risk is mitigated by contracts covering 40% of TW's capacity post 2005 , and a settlement agreement with current firm customers." This would reflect our position inclusive of Red Rock . I'm not sure where their numbers on expiring contracts came from , but I wouldn't have a problem documenting these . Dan
But isn't that exactly what "interactive" means? ?
I noticed that several people were left off of Stan's attempt at an organizational chart . Please forgive the oversight and don't read anything into it , as our organization hasn't changed . Thanks . Dan
But that allows all parties to game the system rather than to bid the capacity at a value that is compatible with the individual party's economics . Or does FERC not see that as a driver ( values at which a willing buyer and a willing seller would transact) . This would always put a Seller at a disadvantage .
Steve , This is landing at a bad time . I'm going to be in Omaha going over the 2002 plan , and doing other business . Unfortunately , I cannot reschedule this one so I'll have to miss the Wine fest .
Kim , I would like to look further into getting onto the MOD Board . Any suggestions on what to do ? Thanks . Dan
Cindy , I will handle and respond to the attached . Dan
Eric , I'd suggest: Janet Place--Legal Mary Kay Miller--regulatory Technical--?? ? talk with Phil Sound O.K. ? Dan
Stan , I just glanced at your new org . chart and thought I'd make a comment ( or really more of an observation) . Jesus had 12 direct reports and screwed up on one of them , so while I agree that a flat organisation is best , I think that you'd better be very careful or you get a godlike ego . Dan
Cindy , No . I'll give her mine and Eric's . I fear that if she has Stan's , he'll get random calls that shouldn't rise to his level , and you'll lose control of your ability to screen his calls for priority . Dan
Larry , At what point do we consider taking off the '02 hedges ? Is that a game we should play or not ? What is your view of market for '01 and '02 ? Dan
Stan , Last week we coordinated with Steve Kean , Rick Shapiro , Joe Hartsoe and the Washington office , so that they would make sure that our objections ( as outlined in Dennis's communication below )  to certain portions of Bingaman's proposed legislation would be heard . They've all been working on the issue this week and will continue through the Bingaman hearings . Williams , El Paso and Duke have all done the same . Dan
Cindy , No . This are working meetings which kick off the due diligence review for each of the withdrawn partners . So , everyone will be sending their worker bees only . Dan
Stan , Take a quick glance at this . Dan
Stan , The initial numbers from El Paso ( as a Seller of their interest ) would have equated to a 14 to 15x EBITDA with a valuation more in the range of $180m . While we knew that they wouldn't be a buyer at that price , we expect that they would come in at $80-$90m . They have yet to respond . In the mean time , we are sitting on Deb's lowball ( by her own admission ) offer for two to three more days . Dan
Eric , Julie has asked to take vacation on Friday , so we'll need Susan to cover phones , faxes , and general office business on Friday until 6:00 Eastern/ 5:00 Central . Based on our efforts in Washington this week , Friday could be a very busy day . Dan
Pat , Thanks . I appreciate the input . Let me know if anything pertaining to the specific routing of the line begins to bubble up . Dan
Greg , I have no interest for ETS . Dan
Kim and John , I agree with Kim's second point . I don't know how Ballentine's language works--there doesn't seem to be an offer and acceptance of anything specific . I'd like to at least have a contract that has either been negotiated with the third party of the ability to negotiate it myself . Can we clean this language up a little ? Dan
Kim and John , I assumed that we'd moved away from that point in favor of the right to match . Is that not the case ? Dan
Stan , The teleconference today ( with TCPL ) held nothing really new . We did agree not to bring in any other third parties , such as El Paso , at this time . TCPL noted that they would be interested in a roles as the developer ( and perhaps as the operator or some or all of the new line) , and would also expect to be responsible for all Canadian legal and regulatory matters . They acknowledged that we have more expertise in the areas of US rates and regulatory and legal , finance , commercial and marketing activities and would expect that we take the lead there . We are working toward a first cut on a JV structure over the next two weeks . Dan
No interest .
Shelley , I haven't seen any invitation list for Friday's Plan Review with Stan yet , but we are up at 10:00 and will go until 1:00 . I'd like you to be in through the whole thing if possible . After that , do you think that you and I should walk through the whole plan with the key people in your group ( and maybe Steve's) ? Give me a call if you haven't received the Plan handouts by tomorrow . Thanks . Dan
Shelley , I was thinking just revenue , but we can just as easily do O&M , too . Which would you prefer ? Dan
Dennis , I'm fine with the letter . And , I think that it should be well received . Dan
Yes
We wouldn't . I'll talk with Kim .
Eric , I'll be talking with John sometime this afternoon . Dan
Thanks
Eric , FYI , I had my Assistant look back through call logs for the past ten weeks--John never called once . I called him yesterday and left him a lengthy message and received no return call . I called again today and received no return call . You may have a good relationship with these guys , but I think that John may be a bit flaky and would question his veracity . I'll try one more time , then I'll call it quits . Dan
Rod , This would be preferable , but I don't understand what rules could be changed to alter the existing accounting treatment . Also , Kent's numbers do not decline over the suggested ten year life of the project , and I'd bet that the injection and withdrawal rates decline just like they did after the project was initially developed . The other thing to keep in mind is that there will be no long term contracts securing the anticipated cash flow . We will be relying on our storage desk to secure margins in the short term market ( which is the only way to do high injection/high withdrawal storage to capture short term market anomalies) . Are you okay with that ? I am . Dan
Martha , Would you drop me a quick note and update me on your progress ? Is there anything that you need to be doing at this point ? Also give me your general feel for the market's receptiveness to date , the caliber of Luminent's staff , and how the relationship is going so far . If you have some available time next week , call Julie and get on my calendar . Thanks . Dan
Janet , I'd like you to talk with Rafael if you have time . He's at Columbia on an Enron loan through the Associate Pool . He worked for Eric Gonzales in Spain and for me in EES Europe . He's a very bright guy and would add a lot of value where ever he lands . Dan
Janet , Yes , he will be returning as an Associate . I don't think that Billy is coordinating this trip , but I'll check . Dan
Mark , I hate losing Steve , but the most important thing is keeping him here . As you know , he was an EDS employee assigned to Enron until about 1999 . As such , he didn't receive all of the equity upsides that his counterparts did . I know a lot of people have , and will continue to , make runs at Steve . So do what you can to keep him a happy Enron employee . Thanks . Dan
Mark , Would you send me a copy of your announcement ? Thanks . Dan
It's up to you now .
Steve , I'd like to get one of the blackberry wireless handhelds . How can I get one ? Dan
Eric , Should I call Dennis , will he call me , or is he satisfied that he can't always pull the string and get a prize ? Dan
Eric , I thought we were moving towards limiting the reference to the Withdrawn Partners solely to the attempt to reconstitute the old Partnership , by a simple modification to Paragraph 1 . I think it's still pretty fuzzy , don't you ? What was wrong with Duke's proposed changes ? Dan
Mary Kay , The decision couldn't have been better if we had written it ourselves---another BIG success to add to your 2001 list . Dan
Drew and Steve , Since our negotiated rates came out so well , is that an indication that the SoCal dispute is probably a slam dunk as well? ? Dan
John , Stan Babiuk of El Paso called again to express their interest in buying Sunniland . How sure are you that this deal will happen ? Dan
Brian , Do we have the funds for this ? If so I'd like to proceed on this one . What capacity do we have for PAA's for the rest of 2002 ? Dan
Brian , If that is the case , I think that I have $0 left . There was a request earlier this week for $750 from NNG . I guess we'll have to put this on hold for now . I'll get back with Steve Harris . Dan
Since to bulk of these will be used for employees , I'd like to try and get 20-plus tickets through Deb---not hospitality ones .
Mary Kay , It seems that others have benefited handsomely from the volatility in Permian/SanJuan to Cal . border prices . Interesting , isn't it ? Dan
Pam , Forget the monitor and video cart , I had Julie order them off iBuyit today . Who should we call to test the CATV cable that was installed , as it appears not to work , and who do we call to remove the 36" TV and entertainment center that was delivered to us last week ? Thanks . Dan
Mary Kay , Just a bit of a heads up--It is looking like the Management Conference in November is being cancelled ( probably to be rescheduled for after the first of the year) . We should hear something official in the next day or two . Dan
SOOOO--Is it really too late to consider a disaster recovery site that would be safer than Ardmore in the event of flood , bio-terrorism , or other crazy attack , that would be marketable to other companies? ? I think that this a question that one should ask one's self if one was just promoted to a lofty position of authority . Dan
I love you . Cool is it not .
I got it , pal .
John , I've been holding Babiuk off . But this is starting to sound like vintage Ballentine , and I have some doubt that he has any real deal in store . Can we sell him an option for $50,000 , to accept this deal by execution of our document and payment of the consideration by November 15 , 2001 ? It would show that he's , at least , serious . Or we could break off discussions with him all together and start up with El Paso . What do you think ? Dan
John , That is fine , but I'd also like to see current month to Plan as well , as this will be of particular interest next year . Dan
Mary Kay , I still haven't forgotten--I'm talking with Stan about the Lay/Frevert/Whalley meeting this afternoon , and I'll let you know . Dan
Mary Kay , I still haven't forgotten about you--I'll be talking to Stan about the Lay/Frevert/Whalley meeting this afternoon . I'll give you a call then . Dan
Okay
Eric , Bob will be reporting into the Asset Development Group ( which is you) , but as you well know--we tend to blur alot of lines around here . It is important to TCPL and all of the others to know that Bob does have direct access to Stan and me . This is consistent with what Bill had originally talked to Bob about . Okay ? Dan
Are you there ?
Message received . Thanks .
Shelley , How are your people coming on the TW and NNG contracts ? Sorry about the short notice , but as usual , it's good that it's in our hands and not someone else's . Dan
Eric , Here is the IT Backhaul proposal that went to Gonzales . You'll note that it is for deliveries west of the Florida border . Dan
Eric , I thought you had talked to Susan about covering for Julie on Friday afternoons . She needs to know that "covering" means she needs to stay beyond 3:40 ( at least until close of business) , which is when she rushed out on Friday . I had phones shifted over to Audrey after I got a call from Cindy looking to find Julie or me . If you haven't talked with her , I will I'd you'd prefer . Dan
Eric , Considering the number of fires we have at Enron right now this is about the last thing on Stan's mind . Hill and Hartsoe are appropriate to be attending this meeting . Again--I think that this is a bit more of Dennis' overkill . Do you think he goes dove hunting with grenades ? Dan
John , Have Craig give me a call--we have alot of new work being done with PG&E and TW , so he could be quite helpful . Dan
Stan , I have it on good authority that Dynegy is making a run at Bob Hayes . My guess is that Bob will call you or me to discuss his status sometime today . Dan
John , I want a report that doesn't change formats every time you or anyone else decides to chat about it . All I want is a apples to apples comparison from week to week . Whether that comparison is to Current Estimate , Forecast or both , I don't care . Just produce a report and then be consistent--starting tomorrow . Dan
Not yet .
I just got off of fifty and there is no news yet . Last we heard , Chevron's CEO had one more call to make with someone from Texaco , and that their response was eminent . Dan
We'll have $1.5 B . for about 15 minutes .
Fran , I've already talked with Bob about the specifics of this , so go ahead and forward it to him ( he's expecting it) . Dan
Rod , I had approved an offsite Happy Hour for our Market Services Group following our string of emergencies ( about a $2500-$3000 expenditure) . Considering everything that has happened , we're reviewing all costs , whether previously approved or not , and cutting where we can . This is one that I don't think I should pull unless you feel strongly that I should . Let me know your thoughts . Dan
Julie , All I really wanted to ensure is that we were striving to get as many tickets as we could , since the employees would take as many as we could get . I was concerned that with all of the cost cutting , someone would just assume that we could get by without the tickets . I thought that Deb could get eight ( 8) , I'd buy them personally , and I'd use four ( Hayes and me) , and would give the other four to employees . If Mary Kay wants four ( 4) , that's fine . Let Deb know , however , that employees using them for personal use ( which I'm sure will be all of them) , will be expected to pay for them themselves . Dan
Julie , Deb refers to "bowl tickets" . I assume that she means "playoff tickets" , since the bowl tickets won't be allocated until teams are selected for the BCS Bowls ( which is after the playoffs in Dallas) . Dan
Mary Kay , At what point can we expect the CPUC and IS's to take their lumps and get on with picking at some other issues ? Hasn't Kern River done something that they can spend their time fighting about ? How do you think this one will go from here ? Dan
FYI---I guess it ain't over 'till it's over .
Cindy , For what it's worth , I am quite opposed to going forward with the Enron Christmas Party as planned . With as much negative press as we've gotten , we are assured that the local TV stations and the Chronicle will cover it , and will put the "lavish" affair in the worst light possible . Can't we stop it now? ? Dan
FYI
Bob , Would you copy me when you send the first draft , I'd like to get a better feel for it . Thanks . Dan
Phil , Due to the increasing demands on Stan , I'd like to offer our help in meeting and communicating with the field ( Hayes , Harris , Neubauer , Miller , Kilmer , and myself) . Stan's already taken , and I'm sure that you have taken , more than your share of unwarranted heat and criticism , so we'll help tow the line . Would there be an opportunity for field visits in the near future ? Let me know . Dan
Stan , Eric Thode's comment reported by Dow Jones yesterday that "most of Enron's critical employees are under contract" is not sitting well with my people--particularly Mary Kay , Rob and Steve . He also made a comment that bonuses were "scheduled to be paid in mid-February" ( a statement on a delicate subject that did not need to be made) . I know that some of this stuff can't be avoided , but I don't think we're even being careful about what is , or is not , said in the media . I want a fair shot to deliver a solid company with good morale and a high self-esteem to Dynegy . And mistakes like this don't help morale or the group's cohesiveness . Could you raise the concern at you 11:00 meeting if possible ? Dan
Cindy , This was the official response on whether the Enron Field Christmas Party would be cancelled . Let Stan know as well . Dan
Stan , In response to your questions today: 1 . Research Group--while we do use them for options modeling and sanity checks , we employ two of their quant-jocks directly on NNG payroll ( Sean Bolks being the lead) . As long as we keep these two , we could get by without them all together . 2 . Government Affairs--we only use one individual out of the Corporate Staff ( Pat Shortridge) . Other than that , they provide no value . 3 . Aviation--will be used be my staff only is cost justified versus commercial ( coach ) flights . 4 . Strategic Sourcing--TAP does provide a cost effective service . We could do without it , but I doubt we'd save money doing it ourselves . Dan
Joel , I truly wish that I had something in my shop for you , but I don't . Try Geoff Roberts at Entergy ( 281)-297-3120 , Rich Kinder at Kinder Morgan ( 713)369-9000 , or you could try Anadarko in the Woodlands . I know that Duke is still hiring , too . The other alternative is to look outside the industry , which is probably a good idea at this point . You could also contact Joe Sutton and see if you could get some leads from him . In any event , let me know if there is something that I can do . I wish you the best of luck in your search--we'll keep you in our prayers until we've heard that you're fine , so let us know . Take care . Dan
Mike and Dave , As you probably guessed , Stan and I will not be coming to the Christmas Party after all . I will try to get to Omaha prior to the Party for a couple of days though . Dan
Kent , I understand your concern , but at this point , I may have to tell you who the "right" person is for the time being . I am working the situation from this end and will advise you what needs to be done , why and when . Whatever is done , I can assure you that your "right" choice to fill any position will be from within our group , and will make sense from an overall ETS Commercial perspective . Dan
FYI--this should wind Kent up just a bit .
Matthew , Here are mine: The Woodlands , TX 77380 281-362-1112 ( home ) 832-444-8257 ( cell ) Take Care! ! Dan
Drew , The 2002 Transwestern fuel hedges were all done with ENA . Currently those hedges are approximately $17.0m in the money . Our ENA hedges would certainly be rejected by a Trustee in bankruptcy . Since these were affiliate transactions , I would assume that these positions were all layed off to a non-Enron counterparty . Is there a way that we can get assignment of the offsetting counterparty transactions ? If not , we could have a big hole for next year . Dan
John , Just one suggestion . I think it's still unclear as to why we needed to file CH.11 . In the first paragraph , final sentence , could we change it to read "These actions were necessary to ensure that our loans would not be called by the banks due to the cross defaults , and to preserve the value in our core energy business" . Dan
Greg , I talked with Kilmer about the negotiated rate proceeding , and he is fine with it being handled out of Omaha . He would like assurances that he and Teb are in the loop during the review process . This is not the deal that I had with Mary Kay , so I will need to confirm that she is willing to shepard this this through . Please circle back with Rob and make sure that everyone is comfortable that nothing is falling through the cracks , and I will talk with Mary Kay . Also , I do want to be able , at any point , to severe all TW and NNG functions IFF I'm required to--meaning Kilmer has to be in the loop on all TW matters . Dan
Stan , As of today , El Paso's offer stands at $550m. , and our value ( Rod's and Corps. ) stands at $800m . Rod has been told by El Paso that the deal ( if any ) is on hold . Due to the value gap , we're skeptical that we'd reach terms that we could submit to a Trustee . As for the PSA , Staci has only prepared an outline of the necessary terms and has been told to slow play this one due to the value gap and El Paso's signal that this is on hold for the time being . If you'd like us to turn up the fire on this , we can . I am a bit unclear ( especially based on McMahon's comments on Sunday as to what is core , how we might restructure , and that asset sales were not on the front burner ) as to what our key priorities are besides running the going concerns and preservation of value . Let me know your thoughts on this one . Dan
Richard , Thanks for checking in . We are doing fine . In fact , while Enron lost 4,000 of 7,000 people yesterday , I didn't lose any ( gas has to flow , you know) , but most of the people that I've brought up through the organization are gone . I can't imagine that I'll need to layoff more than 6 or 7 people in the near future . None of the pipes have filed Ch.11 and there are no plans to do so . Judy and the kids are doing fine . We do see London alumni on a regular basis . Are you going to be here over the holidays ? We'd love to see you guys . Let me know what your calendar looks like . Dan
No , and I'd like to know who in my group is using it for 135.31/mo . Can they tell me that ? Dan
All , As you are aware , we've let 4,000 full time tenured employees go . Our retention of any contractors will be scrutinized to the highest degree . Please prepare an explanation for each of the contractors ( from the list below ) in your area that you wish to retain . Upon completion , please forward it to me . Dan
Brian , I didn't hear back on the PPA for Julie Armstrong . Is it scheduled to be paid ? Dan
See if you can figure out how to get into this? ? Dan
Stan , Negotiations with SoCal have gone nowhere . Out of the $6.0m ( past and future ) in dispute , they have only offered about $600,000 in value . We're taking one more shot at negotiating a deal whereby they would take more capacity going west and/or having them buy out of West Texas lateral space which TK and Lorraine would sell for incremental revenue . If this doesn't prove fruitful , then I would intend to pursue the FERC decision . Agreed ? Dan
Guys , We need to terminate this ( unilaterally if possible , or if not , bilaterally ) and move towards settlement now ( it's better to move to settlement prior to a default which I believe will be on Monday) . Who is not being responsive ? I'll track them down and get an answer if I have to . I think that we're too late for today , so let's do it in the morning . Dan
Rod , I just signed the confidentiality agreement and will track down the ENA contracts asap . I'll let you know when I have them . Dan
Ken , I realize that times are tough , but this is really twisting the knife that is already deeply embedded in the majority of employees . Have you ever gone down to the Body Shop in the mornings or at noon to see how many employees use the facility for health and stress relief purposes ? We've done a lot of things during the past few weeks to kill morale , but this is a new low . Are you going to do anything about it ? I think that a lot of people would like to know . Dan
Eric , Do you have any ballpark idea about where an offer might come in ? Dan
Cindy , Check and see if PROFITX software is on Stan's computer ( the icon will be on his windows screen) . If so , find out if he uses it and let Julie know . Julie is trying to get it removed from a number of systems as the support for the software is $135.00/mo. , and it is not a critical tool for us . Thanks . If you need to reach me the afternoon , you can get me from 3:30 on at 713-345-3271 . Dan
Dave , FYI . I am still uncomfortable doing anything with NNG's swaps until someone can tell me who the swaps are with , who the confirms are with , what underlying contracts are being terminated , and what are the ramifications of the termination . Until we can answer these questions , we cannot terminate anything . How can we get these answers ? Dan
Jared , Starting when ? Dan
Rod , Michelle Lokey has 269,000 coming in from WMB as an OBA settlement today or tomorrow into the New account . I doubt that it is forecasted . I'll just have her call Tracy . Dan
Rod , FYI---Let's discuss .
Rick , I thought that there was $553,000 due from ENA for November capacity release . Who are the original shippers on the other $348,000 ? Dan
Rick , I guess that we are going to be s.o.l . as an unsecured creditor on the $129,000 . How do we get to the $226,350 where they acted as agent . Can we go direct to the beneficiaries ? Whatever can be done needs to be done fast , because people , money and paperwork seem to be disappearing around ENA's shop . Dan
Guys , Fran Fagan will be sending you a worksheet for year end bonuses for 2001 and a worksheet for 2002 merit increases . Several individuals may not show up on your bonus list since employees who previously received retention bonuses have been omitted , but these individuals will show up on your merit list . Please work through these lists and forward your suggestions to Fran Fagan by December 28 . As guidelines: 1 . We MUST , in the aggregate , come in below the sum of the proposed bonus levels . 2 . Individual bonuses which exceed last year's amounts will be strictly scrutinized at three levels ( me , Stan , and the Comp . Committee) , so the story had better be good . 3 . I'd like to see extraordinary performance during the past few months , particularly in a leadership capacity , heavily weighted in your consideration .
Fran , If Julie's merit needs to be lump sum , just move it over to that column . Also , send me Eric Gadd's sheets as well . Thanks . Dan
Steve , It looks like you're going to need some help on your bonus numbers based on your team's performance . I have an extra $24,500 that you can have now . Use it if you need to . Dan
Rod , I've had this removed from numerous users so far due to the cost . We'll have this down to three or four users in the next week or so . Dan
Guys , Several of our people have PROFITEX installed on their computers at a monthly rate of $135/mo S . Harris , K . Miller , S . Neville , R . Cabrera , R . Preston , R . Paladino , J . Prichard , L . Pavlou) . If it is not necessary for the performance of their jobs , have the service terminated for the respective user . Thanks . Dan
I am interested in purchasing a Huglu shotgun and would like to get a price . I am looking at the Model Au1 semi-automatic model . Please email me with a price and approximate time til delivery ( I live in Houston) . Also , please include information on any choices or extras available . Thanks , Martin Cuilla
Just a quick note about the free agent and bye week replacements for this year . The free agent draft will be held Thursday at 1pm . You will have until 1pm to submit your free agent requests to me at mcuilla@enron.com . You should include who you want , who you want to drop and the amount of points you want to bid . You can bid 0 points for a free agent however if someone bids 1 point you will lose . In the case of a tying bid the two teams will have an open bid to determine who gets the player . Everyone will start with 100 points and you more points based on your weekly finish ( 1 point for highest score and 12 points for lowest score) .
Amy and Alec are definitely welcome ! Actually we had already planned on Amy and Alec coming and a couple who we are friends with is bringing their daughter , our flower girl , who is about 4 years old . We have a whole room to ourselves at the restaurant so Amy and Alec should be fine . I talked to grandma and she said Julie wouldn't be able to make it so I already knew about that . Don't worry about having 4 more people , the only reason we were cautious about inviting aunts and uncles was we didn't want to open up the flood gates but most of them already live in Houston or aren't going to make it to Houston until late Friday . As far as the bill just let me know what you are comfortable with and we will pick up the rest . The food bill with tax and tip will be about $1,350 . We are very appreciative to have both our parent's help as we quickly found that weddings are very expensive . However , we are both adults with good careers and try to be very self-sufficient . Also , we realize that some things we do seem extravagant by our parents standards . We could have just as easily had a rehearsal at a Mexican restaurant and it would have been cheaper - however we would rather have things a certain way and pay for the difference . Also , I know that you guys are on a tight budget with the building of your house . The bottom line is that we are grateful for any help we receive and have the resources to pay the balance . Our most important concern is that all our family and friends to have a great time . While I am on the subject , I hope your mother and grandma Ina aren't going to get their feeling hurt about people drinking wine at the dinner . If you think they will please mention it to them on the way down because I don't want them to be offended but I can't change who Zooey and I are . Just so you know we will have dinner and desert and then there will be several toasts starting with the best man ( James Cook ) and the matron of honor ( Amber ) and then probably ending in Zooey and me doing a quick toast . We would love for all our family to be there but if grandmother or Betty Joyce is going to get offended and don't want to stay I understand . Also , do you know if Skipper is planning to attend . We haven't received a reply card as to whether he will be there or not . As to this weekend , I am going to try to stop by but don't have a car so just depends what is going on . I will be in Dallas so if Mark is coming over Saturday afternoon I could get a ride from him . I'll try to talk to him and see if that works . Finally , we are both really looking forward to our big day and are very glad to have all our family there to support us ! If you have any questions please call me tonight at the house .
I thought you would be interested in the weather forecast for the Wedding . The data includes max temp , max temp deviation from normal ( ie if max is 88 and normal max is 86 max temp deviation is +2) , min temp , min temp deviation from normal and percent of precipitation . So far things are looking good . We are getting a cold front this weekend ( hitting Texas on Monday ) and looks like things should be beautiful for next weekend . I wouldn't be that worried about the rain either - the reason the POP is so high right now is tropical moisture in the Gulf of Mexico and that will blow through this weekend . After that the tropics settle down and it is much less likely to get tropical moisture . City Forecast Date Max Temp Max Temp Deviation Min Temp Min Temp Deviation POP ( % )
Hey pops I guess you know that the NASDAQ is getting crushed - I think you should be OK but I think we should look at changing some of your holdings . I looked and some of your funds haven't done so well this year especially Low Priced Stock . Also , I am worried about earnings for many companies with energy prices so high and the prospect of very high prices this winter . I don't know but it might be prudent to even move some money into cash or up your bond exposure . I'll try to call you and talk about it later . If I don't talk to you in the next couple of days remind me and maybe we can look at some options when you are here for the wedding .
Credit cards that is ! - I just requested another $50 Macy's GC - this is still the best reward that they have ( we have another 2,500 points already) . Also , I straightened up the deal with AT&T Long distance and they are going to correct the bill to $33.23 and starting with the next bill we are supposed to get 120 minutes a month of free long distance so talk up . Also , two other things - I checked BofA and the Negril pulse came through as $142.09 and also I was looking at the AT&T credit card and it had a charge for $117.50 from Chi's cakes and more . I guess that is just the charge for the cake but wanted to make sure the it wasn't for the cake stands . Since we are both big rich types you want to go to dinner tonight ? Let me know . Love Hubby
1 of 2 of
"I accept the terms and conditions of this Pilot Participant Agreement." Martin Cuilla
Looking at Earnings estimates I think they are under estimating the long term shift in natural gas prices . 90 days ago they had next year earnings $.17 under this year and only resently have they started to raise 2001 earnings to account for were prices are . I image that are still under estimating next year earnings based on where the strip of natural gas is . I don't think most people expected gas next summer to be trading over $4.55 Dec 00 Mar 01 This Year - Dec 00 Next Year Dec 01 Long Term Growth Current 7 Days Ago 30 Days Ago 60 Days Ago 90 Days Ago 0.93
don't know what doing for new years ( mentioned n.o . to z but not sure) . didn't return phone call because i was in nyc and forgot when i got home . i don't know anything about directories talk to my brother . i don't know what the fuck .
A service of The Herald of Everett , Wash . Local News Crime & Justice Education Environment Health Legislature Lottery Navy News Neighbors Politics Special Reports Traffic & Roads Weather Your County Sports Economy News Wire Columnists Opinion Features Community Obituaries Classifieds Subscriptions About Us Extras Published: Thursday , August 23 , 2001 Police follow naked man to pot crop By Brian Kelly Herald Writer CAMANO ISLAND -- A naked man found wandering around Stanwood Cinemas led police to his indoor marijuana garden after deputies asked the man what he did for a living , police said Wednesday . Deputies from the Island County Sheriff's Office said they removed more than 80 marijuana plants -- including 50 or so mature plants -- from a shed behind the 30-year-old man's home on Maple Tree Lane , a dead-end road on the south end of the island . The strange saga began Saturday night when moviegoers and diners in restaurants near the theater's courtyard reported seeing a naked man walking around the complex in full view of families dining out . When an officer approached the man and asked why he was walking around naked , the man reportedly said that he felt like it so he just did it . An officer writing the man a ticket for indecent exposure then asked the man what he did for a living , and he allegedly said he grew marijuana . According to a police report , the man then asked for the officer's help in harvesting the crop . The officer said he was too lazy to help but offered to go look at the man's operation , and the naked man agreed . In the outbuilding behind the man's mobile home , police found what they described as a "sophisticated hydroponic grow operation." Deputies allegedly found numerous grow lights on timers , fans and a complicated watering system with a line running to each of the plants . Police said the man seemed proud of his operation , telling them that the system used no dirt , just lava rock , and he picked a large bud from a plant and handed it to an officer . In a written statement to police , the man allegedly said: "I grow marijuana for fun and profit , to support myself and my family , to help bring us a better life." He also said he was growing marijuana for his father , who had a disease , and for other "medically ill people." The man's wife told police she had never been inside her husband's shed , but that was where her husband did his artwork and practiced with his yo-yo . Deputies said they asked the man what he expected them to do after he showed them his garden , and the man said he didn't expect them to do anything . Police , however , confiscated the plants and growing equipment . The man was cooperative , they said , even helping to load the equipment into police vehicles . The man may be charged with manufacture of a controlled substance , but he is not named because charges have not been filed . You can call Herald Writer Brian Kelly at 425-339-3422 or send e-mail to kelly@heraldnet.com .  Talk about this story in the Forums E-mail this story to a friend Printer-friendly version Back to top / Home page HEADLINES News Wire NEW Air Force Gen . Myers said to be Bush's choice as chairman of Joint Chiefs NEW Parachutist gets caught on Statue of Liberty; rescued , then arrested Commission postpones 10-digit dialing for a year Federal budget surplus dries up Rain helps firefighters stay in control New study discounts IUD link with infertility Fugitive may have used toys to lure his son Health plan contraception coverage argued at hearing Yakima-area firefighters disciplined for beer bash Tropical Storm Dean surprises forecasters as it gains strength Seven Palestinians are killed despite Mideast truce talks Local News Rain double-jams traffic Rain hampers Steamboat Slough bridge work Better than 110 degrees Police follow naked man to pot crop Death penalty decision delayed Monroe struggles with community center site Camera shop owner Bill Marchand dies Get the headlines in your e-mail Copyright ?  2001 The Daily Herald Co. , Everett , Wash . If you have questions or comments , please contact us . 
I didn't know viagra was necessary with x
how much do you want to bet ?
i have up to $100 - 2 games a push 3 i win and 1 you win
your dumb...i mean done
i am sorry i forwarded to Souad Mahmassani - i trade eastern canada not the midcontinent
I guess i have to start with saturday night when we met up with dax and michelle at the horsetrack . I have to admit that i wasn't looking forward to it since i didn't know how she was going to act and if she was going to be bitchy . About 15 minutes after we got there we passed on the way to the betting counter and she pulled me aside and was so very cool . She kept asking are you o.k . and almost seemed to sympathize with me . She said she didn't say anything to dax and would never say anything to him . She was so cool about it i was totally shocked . So on sunday dax calls and says they are going to bw3 so after a couple of hours we go up there to meet them . I walk in and missy and don were there so i was a little surprised . After we had been there for a while Z , laura , devon , and michelle go to play darts leaving me and missy at the table . So starts saying so you aren't going to email me anymore and acting all sad . Then she said i didn't have any balls . Later don is talking about the heisman and what the statue looks like and she looks at me and says i am not giving you the heisman i guess you could say i am giving you the anti-heisman and motions as if to open her legs . It was funny as shit . She also said she dumped dale but i don't know that i completely buy that . Anyway , all together it was very interesting weekend . I don't know that i could ever trust missy to be discrete so while it is very tempting it is also very dangerous .
thanks for the heads up kevin !
The draft will be held Tuesday Sept . 4th and Wednesday Sept . 5th starting at 5pm . It should only take about 1 - 1 1/2 hours each day Draft order selection: Matt Lenhart Jason Williams Eric Bass Steve South Mike Grigsby Tori Kuykendall Hunter Shively Martin Cuilla Russell Murrell Frank Ermis Bryan Hull
BID ON FABULOUS TRAVEL PACKAGES IN CONTINENTAL AIRLINES 2001 CORPORATE REGATTA ONLINE AUCTION Visit to learn more about this charitable event . Now through Sept . 15 , a link is available for you to place a bid and view dynamic packages . From the slopes in Quebec to the sights in Europe , Latin America , Hawaii and the Orient , our hotel/airfare packages offer it all . All money raised for the auction is donated to charities .
Man I was a little scared to open up this email !
these are from last year so the the final rules may change a little but not much
Doesn't make a lot of sense . We don't have any offices in Dallas that I am aware of and his name or anything closely resembling it is not in our employee listings .
These are last years rules so the might change a little !
Detailed Vehicle Search Results Click on the links below for more information . 2001 Lexus IS 300 Talisman Motor Company Price: $29,995 Send me a price quote Request a test drive Get Map Payment calculator Insurance quote Lemon check Description Mileage: 7,731 Color: Silver Doors: 4 Features: Air Conditioning Driver Side Air Bag Passenger Side Air Bag Alloy Wheels Automatic Transmission Bucket Seats Cassette Compact Disc Player Cruise Control Intermittent Wipers Power Brakes Power Door Locks Power Steering Driver Side Power Seat Power Steering Power Windows Tilt Steering Wheel Rear Window Defrost
Hey is your car a LS or GS , how many miles and what year ? There is a quy selling a Lexus IS 300 ( entry level four door sedan below ) because he is moving back to Canada - might be able to pick it up on the cheap . Probably could sell yours payoff your note and buy this one with a new 5 year note for around $450/month MSN Home Hotmail Web Search Shopping Money People & Chat Home Table of Contents Search Customer Service About Carpoint Quick Facts Compare It ! Review It ! Financing Information Price It ! Ready to Buy ? Get a Price Quote Listen to Win on MSN Look at Another Vehicle View All Passenger Cars View Lexus Model Line Find a Different Car Related Information Get Car Buying Advice Use Payment Calculator Get Insurance Get Financing Advertising on CarPoint Your car's resale value , recall history , repair prices - get your Personal Auto Page 2001 Lexus IS 300 Base Retail Price: $30,805 My ZIP Code Is: Quick Facts Retail Price Range $30,805 Invoice Price Range $27,108 Price It With Options Warranty Information 48 months/50,000 miles More Warranty Info Transmissions 5-Speed Automatic Overdrive More Engine Info Airbags Driver , Psngr. , Side NHTSA Frontal Crash Tests Driver 11-20 percent chance of serious injury Psngr . 11-20 percent chance of serious injury More Safety Info Additional Information New for 2001 , History & Trim Details Engines , Transmissions & Fuel Economy Comfort & Convenience Features Safety , Crash Test & Insurance Information Colors: Exterior & Interior Competitors to this Model Line CarPoint Auto Reviews Dan Jedlicka's Lexus IS 300 Review A worthy BMW fighter , right out of the box . Rating: 8 out of 10 . Daniel Heraud's Lexus IS 300 Review The IS 300's body is made of steel panels which are galvanized , except the roof.. . Photo Gallery Click an image below: Interior Surround Video Exterior Surround Video CarPoint Consumer Ratings & Reviews Consumer Ratings and Reviews Read reviews and ratings of this vehicle submitted by CarPoint users . Rate this vehicle Share your opinions with others . Rate and review this vehicle . Ready to Buy ? go to MSN Home Return to Carpoint Other Links: Greeting Cards Air Tickets Free Games MSN Explorer Encyclopedia More.. . Special Features: eShop: great stores , great deals Are your friends online ? The Web's best personal finance site Sign up for a FREE Hotmail account Send Money Online More.. . ? 2001 Microsoft Corporation . All rights reserved . Terms of Use Advertise TRUSTe Approved Privacy Statement
Looks like new ones are going for $31,000 - what is your real offer . My wife is looking for a new car so I am seriously interested . Click here to visit Edmunds.com Beta Release 1.0 New Vehicle Pricing Calculator Color: Charcoal Zip: 77030 Vehicle Worksheet Appraise Your Used Vehicle See Glossary of Terms Click For Helpful Links TMV Finance Rate Estimator Optional Equipment Summary Limited Slip Differential $312 $390 $331 Luxury Leather Package $1,444 $1,805 $1,533 Calculator Summary
Trading one silver car for another - silver car with black interior
He said he would probably sell it around 28K which is probably $3,000-$4,000 below what you would pay new .
fuck them bizzzitches - i gots a passport 8500 arriving thursday . on the serious side - if you are really interested about that car i guess we should go to sterling mccall and test drive one and check it out . it is better to go there so you can find out what the new ones go for and if you are really getting a good deal . let me know .
I called time warner and basically we were on a 6 month trial package of hbo and showtime for 9.95 . After 6 months , the rate goes to 12.95 - they charged us for hbo , showtime , and cinemax which should be 16.95 but they overcharged us in addition to the fact that we don't currently get cinemax . I went ahead and ordered the 3 channel package ( with cinemax ) and they are crediting us for 19.95 for the overcharge . Going forward the package will be 16.95 or we can cancel cinemax and save 4.00 a month .
i have to set it up in sportsline.com - i'll have it done before the end of the day
I talked to both Carmax and Honda and basically all we need to do is go in ( before 5pm so Carmax can talk to Honda ) and bring your info for the loan . They call Honda and get a payoff which is $4050.10 and then cut us a check for the difference . We should probably do that about 4pm on the 13th then we can go pick up the Lexus from Dorland .
who much is the m1 field as well . thanks for your help .
i am sorry one more - the sport - i just can't make up my mind which model to get
see below - I still have to find someone whose email we can send the requests but I will do that by tomorrow During weeks 1 through weeks 10 we will conduct free agent drafts . Each team will start with 100 fantasy points to use for bidding on free agents and will be awarded points each week based on your finish that week . The highest scoring team will receive 1 point and the lowest scoring team will receive 10 points . Each Thursday at 12pm we will conduct a free agent draft . You must submit a list of the players you want to bid on with the points you bid on them to an email address yet to be determined . After 12pm the highest bidder for each player will we awarded the free agent . You can bid 0 points for a player but will lose if anyone else bids at least 1 point . If you have a Defense or Kicker on a bye week , you can pick up a bye week replacement from the free agent pool for free . After the bye week is over , you must drop the replacement player . Bye week replacements must be submitted via email to mcuilla@enron.com and will be awarded based on lowest YTD points scored .
i was curious if this was real and found it on the web - appearantly it happened for real - in 1973
Due to this week's NFL games being canceled , the free agent draft will be held next Thursday
Any truth to rumor that Whitney Houston died of an overdose ?
There is a very good website for getting information regarding current events - www.drudgereport.com I highly recommend you read it if you want to get the "real scoop" about what is going on in the World Trade Center bombings . As to who is responsible there is almost overwhelming evidence that Osama Bin Laden was heavily involved if not the mastermind and/or financier . If you are interested - read the article below that gives a breakdown on who is believed to be responsible . Osama Bin Laden is a terrorist that has targeted American people before ( embassy bombings in 1998 and attack on USS Cole in Yemen earlier this year ) and it would be in America's best interest to end his reign of terror by ending his life ! U.S . focuses on Bin Laden links with Hizbullah , Arafat's Fatah SPECIAL TO WORLD TRIBUNE.COM Friday , September 14 , 2001 WASHINGTON - The United States is investigating whether a coalition of Palestinian , Iranian and Lebanese groups joined to help launch the suicide attacks in New York and Washington . U.S . defense sources said the Pentagon and CIA are quickly coming to the conclusion that Saudi billionaire fugitive Osama Bin Laden was the sponsor of the attack . But they said Bin Laden is believed to have used a range of Islamic groups for logistics and support . The groups being investigated include the Fatah movement headed by Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat , the sources said . Another group being examined for a link to the U.S . attacks is the Iranian-backed Hizbullah , Middle East Newsline reports . "Most of it today points to Osama Bin Laden," Sen . Charles Grassley , the ranking Republican on the Senate Finance Committee , said . "But the speculation at the end of the road is that he and his network were very much involved with Hizbullah , Fatah and other." Grassley was one of at least two dozen House and Senate members who were briefed by U.S . intelligence agencies since the bombing . A U.S . official confirmed that the administration has not ruled out that Bin Laden was provided aid by a range of Arab and Islamic groups . But the official said no determination has been made . "We want to be sure we understand all the connections , not just one connection," the official said . "As we find out who actually perpetrated the crime , as we find out who they're connected with , as we find out who could be considered harboring them , I think it'll come clear." Analysts and some congressional sources said the Bush administration appears unwilling to thoroughly investigate the involvement of Iraq in the U.S . attacks . They said that the administration fears that targeting Iraq would dash hopes for an Arab coalition against terrorism in the Middle East . Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said the United States has not yet determined who was behind the bombing . Rumsfeld said a determination would have to be made soon . The administration has requested $20 billion for a counterterrorism campaign . Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz said much of the requested allocation would prepare the military for an expected counterattack . "I don't think we know the breakdown yet , partly because the needs are so enormous," Wolfowitz said . "A significant piece of this is going to be to bring our armed forces to the highest level of preparedness."
no plans yet - italian festival is this weekend in downtown so looking forward to that on saturday afternoon but no other plans . no plans for tonight but sure we are available for food and drinks .
don't fuck with me or my milita
$20 from pool
$20 from pool
$20 from pool
sure just let us know what weekend
yep i agree
only problem is his recommendation is that we do nothing and the american people won't stand for that and if we don't do something bin laden will surely strike again .
i have no clue how you are or how i got in your messenger
I got the non-compete agreement from Hunter today - 10K raise to 90K and 50K cash bonus with 75K stock/option bonus . I'll bring it home so you can look it over . After I sign it we will get check either at end of this month or 15th of next month
Please enter your free agents yourself so I can approve them ML Glenn 35 HS San Diego 0 EB Wilkins 2 EB Jones 0
Are you drunk today - if not you need to take a typing/spelling class ?
so you are drunk then - that is what i thought
jean irts heard too ad vaaluee wghen yo cun't reed yu're massage
it probably sounds a lot more extravagant unless you know the price we paid
you snooze you lose ! i wouldn't mind a little room service from the guys anyway . we can party with the peasants at the iberville and then come sleep with the kings at the ritz .
If I would have kept my whole EOG position it would be worth 80,000 right now . If I would have kept half - 55,000 or a brand new bmw 540 . Instead we have an IS 300 .
I had an extremely rude conversation with a manager at southwestern bell and they once again said we weren't owed anything at which time I told the woman she didn't know what the fuck she was talking about . After several other uses of fuck she hung up . I switched our service to att ( never thought i would be happy to be an att customer again ) and called back and got another manager who claims she is taking care of it .
Please enter your add/drop and I will approve them as soon as they are in Frank Maurice Smith 75 JWillie Shawn Alexander 50 Russell Murrell Jamal White 10 Martin Jay Fiedler 1
Wasssup . I just got back from vacation so still trying to catch up . I would love to go to lunch but I have not been allowed to go to lunch for two years . I work on the trading floor - trading natural gas - and thanks to the lovely invention of EnronOnLine ( our online trading program ) we have lunch delivered in everyday and aren't allowed to leave . It sounds great at first - free lunch everyday but trust me you grow to hate it . Regardless we should go for a beer sometime soon . Give me a call and we'll go for a happy hour . x35933
prior balance = 152.50 new balance is 377.50
do you think dale would know it was me if i bought the ass kickin for his skeeball bitch headed no self respect self ?
he took a total of 24 games and went 14-10 and won 150 after juice
adjustment - 50 less cruise missles
Storey and I were talking about different places to look for coverages and insurance for death ( regarding his father) . Were are some of the non standard ( ie not life insurance ) coverages that he should make sure he has checked . His dad was on a business trip from Houston to NY .
Hey I want to check with you about pulling $750 from our checking account to deposit into my gambling account . No I have not lost $1,000 but I am following a model and I take all the games it says and there are more than 20 games each week which eats up all the capital until the games are decided . I know the next question and so far I have lost $150 but I didn't take any games this week because there wasn't enough to bet all of them and I would have won $150 . Anyway , I would like to know if there are any big checks coming otherwise I am going to pulse and get things set up for this weekend . On a side note , the furniture people called and said the furniture is coming in in pieces and they should have it all by November which means it would ship to us between the 1st and 3 week of November but definitely before Thanksgiving .
yeah we are done so we can do an annuity when ever you want
yes that is fine
FT Intra Ont - I told my book admin to be looking for it
me too
coral canada
I am not sure if Enron's Food Service department manages the Starbucks but you do I would like to report a continuous problem . Starbucks has always charged a premium price for a "premium product" . Recently , the quality of the coffee served downstairs has been miserable . Very often the coffee that they serve is burnt and you can tell just by smelling it . It tastes horrible and I know it isn't just me because about 5 or 6 people who sit next to me have all had the same conversation about how the coffee is always burnt . Today , I bought a large coffee and by the time I returned to my desk took the first sip and it was horrible . I went back to the lobby and told the girl it was burnt and she smelled it and agreed . Then she gave me a new cup that was supposed to be fresh brewed . It was just as bad . It tastes and smells horrible ! Something has to be changed because the quality of the coffee doesn't deserve a price of a $.25 much less over $1.00
Martin Anthony Thomas 5 Martin Willie Jackson 0 Martin Martay Jenkins 0 Torrie Wade Richey 10
sorry i plan on squandering all that money and more all to get a few prints that favor my positions . damn it sucks going on vacations !
FYI
dexwillie signed off at 2:46:57 PM .
I guess address to either dax or paul and just tell them it is a bill for their land
When does the cash portion of my signing bonus get paid . I thought it was the first pay period after it was signed but maybe I am confused . Also , since the raise was effective starting Sept . 1 , will they issue a separate check for the difference between the base salary ? Thanks , Martin Cuilla
MC Donald Hayes 1
greg if you want to just go ahead and settle up I will accept $15 now !
Johnny said he is getting a big group of people to go to renaissance festival nov 3 - which i know is when coon ass et all is coming in town so thought that might be something fun to do for everyone ( although $20 is kinda steep) .
I got this email from a guy I talk to occationally in Canada - I didn't know they were getting married
Small world - I have talked to Gerald and Dana before about Enron people they know but don't ever remember hearing your name . I would like to meet you , however I am going to be in Kansas hunting from November 9th through 14th .
Hey we are going to Truluck's for all you can eat stone crab claws tonight in honor of my 32nd birthday . I think it is about $35 each for the all you can eat claws or they also have steak , lobster , and seafood . Let me know if you want to go so Zooey can make the reservation ( 7pm) . And ken no song although i might play it tonight if i get drunk enough
Just outside the loop by a couple of miles
Enron trades 16.60
The title company is at 1100 Louisiana at the corner of Dallas . We are supposed to meet at 3:30 but I suppose that if you are running a little late I can start signing until you get there . Directions Miles 1 . Start out going East on WESTHEIMER RD towards CHIMNEY ROCK RD by turning left . 0.0 2 . Turn RIGHT onto CHIMNEY ROCK RD . 0.9 3 . Turn LEFT onto SOUTHWEST FRWY . 0.1 4 . Take the US-59 NORTH ramp . 0.2 8 . Take the LOUISIANA ST exit . 0.0 9 . Stay straight to go onto LOUISIANA ST . 1.4
it only hurts because i am mad i didn't short ene
you wife sucks
I spoke to you a couple of months ago about purchasing an American Drew bedroom furniture set . At the time , I was purchasing the furniture from a company in North Carolina after trying to get a competitive deal from one of your stores . We had a very frank discussion about being competitive and you stated that you would be very competitive with any future purchases and I would like to take this opportunity to take you up on that offer if it still stands . After several unexpected delays , I have canceled my order and received a full refund from the North Carolina company . If you can get to a price close to the price we discussed before , I would like to purchase the furniture from you immediately . I am sure you are busy , however if you or a manager of one of your stores can call me , I would like to discuss purchasing the furniture . You can reach me at 713-853-5933 at work or on my cell at 713-432-7163 . Thanks , Martin Cuilla
I sent an email to the prez of Star about the furniture and cancelled our purchase from Furniture USA . The said we should get a cedit on our credit card in 5 days . Hopefully I will hear from him soon and we will have spankin' new furniture !
probably not far from the truth
Stephanie - please make sure this gets rebooked and confirmed at a trade directly between ENA and Direct Energy
bet you sure are glad you liquidated your ene - trades 13.80
I am buying a benelli - should i get the super black eagle that shoot 3 1/2 inch shells or a sporting gun that is about the same price?????? ?
well all that you can lose is 11
alright i will let you out for free
Jason Patton 0
no who do you want
just enter it and i will approve
I have a direct deposit from my paycheck to the credit union for my car payment . On Friday , I paid off my loan and effective my November 15 , 2001 paycheck would like to stop the direct deposit to the credit union . Thanks , Martin Cuilla
just looking out for your health
Veronica , I faxed the form without a cover sheet . Let me know if you received it . Thanks , Martin
actually it is 382 per pay period
Have my options and restricted stock been set yet ?
you know i am torn - I took OU against A&M at minus 17 but that was in OK . Sagarin actually has the line at 5 which is a bit of a surprise and the game is in Lubbock . Not sure if I am going to bet it or not
yeah i got yelled at also . i tried to say i wasn't that drunk but z wasn't having any of that conversation . she told me that after friday and saturday she felt i was slowly regressing . then i told her i felt i should be able to screw missy just once . she said that was ok .
here are the links for your dad
Job Title: Attorney Location: Houston , Texas USA Description: Our client is a small law firm that is looking for an individual to join their team handling toxic tort with some minor PI defense . They offer an exceptional compensation package including a healthy salary , comprehensive benefits program , and ample room for associates to grow within the firm . KM Requirements: You'll be able to use your 1-4 years of experience with Toxic Tort to complement your desire to stay with the firm . Company: Marvel Consultants , Inc . 28601 Chagrin Blvd . Cleveland , Ohio 44122 USA Phone: 216-292-2855 Fax: 216-292-7207
you guys have any job opening for ex natural gas traders that made their now almost defunct company over 40 million in the last two years ? not sure how much longer ene is going to be around and i'm checking out my options !
thanks
Attached is a copy of my resume . Things are very volatile over here so I am not sure what to expect for the next three months , but if possible ( and if Enron isn't banktrupt ) I would like to stay here until Febuary 5 . If we are around until then , I would like to try to make a choice on a potential job by early January . Of course if we go bankrupt everything could change . I would like to come up sometime soon and see what options exist and how I could fit into AEP's plans . It was good talking to you and I hope to hear from you soon . Thanks , Martin
Mike , Please call me if you have any questions or opportunities Thanks , Martin Cuilla
Michael , Please call me if you have any questions or opportunities . Thanks , Martin Cuilla
i would imagine as soon as we are flat but not sure
I would like to talk to you as soon as possible about my trading opportunities with AEP . Let me know if you have any time today or tomorrow . I am busy from 3pm to 6pm but available any other time . Thanks , Martin
cool - looking forward to it !
i got my full bonus today - i have to work at enron 90 days or else i owe them 125% of it but i have it and am going to deposit it at waterhouse . word'em
I forgot to tell you yesterday when I was talking to you that I talked to a friend of mine at Calpine and I am not interested in them . Sorry about forgetting tallking to you on Friday but this has been a very stressful time in my life as well as many of my friends . Thanks for your help and I look forward to talking to you about TXU .
i talked around and letter not necessary and refund takes 2 months so still have some time
yeah i am in the process of interviewing but i have a job at least for the next 90 days and they are working on a job offer for if i stay on past that . unfortunately most of the other job offers are out of texas though - stamford , connecticut; columbus , ohio; and kansas city , missouri . hopefully in a couple of weeks i will know if i am staying here or going elsewhere .
What about all the deranged postal workers ?
What is your address ?
I will pledge $250.00 , Enron will match $250.00 for a total contribution of
Please make the check payable to Julie Parraguirre and deliver it to me at EB 3827 . Julie will giveTammy a cashiers check on the last day of school . Thanks for your help and tell Amanda thanks .
Those things are such a waste of time- trying to condense 8 points of error and 6 weeks of trial in a 20 minute argument . Bill did a very good job . The opposing counsel quickly reverted to personal attacks against Bill , which did not go over well . Union's main point was that the judge wrongly applied La . law . Two of the justices expressed doubts about Union's argument . I personally think the choice of law argument is a weak argument for Union . The remainder of the time was spent analizing a particular provisition of the gas purchase agreement between Union and the utility district . In short , you didn't miss much .
Please send me a copy of the pleading . fax # 713-646-3393 Please add me to the list
1 . Steve Radack , Harris County Commissioner 2 . Joe Nixon,Tex State Rep 3 . My brother-in-law is Communications Director for Sen . Ernest "Fritz" Hollins of South Carolina Richard Sanders ECT Asst . Gen . Counsel
Does this mean you get bigger cushioned chairs ?
Dude---- I will be in London in late July . How far is it to Poland ?
I have not recieved this document .
The JLM case has settled for the full amont of the claim--app . $1.7 mm . The KN case has tentatively settled for app . $19.4 mm . The settlement agreements have not been signed .
This may be of interest to you .
Please book my london flight .
Please put this on my calender
I will probably be staying at the Savoy . I will be there from July 18 to the
Lets get together for lunch .
What about hiking the Pacific trail from Lake Tahoe to Yosemite in June/ July of 2000 .
I talked to Mark Palmer last week about some other issues and casually thanked him for talking to you . His response was somewhat disapointing: " I really enjoyed meeting him and he would be great for our Gov . affairs office , too bad they have no openings." Sorry for the lackluster interest/bordering on rude behavior . Take the transmission wire job , come repackage the deal to Enron and get your revenge by getting $mm of dollars from Enron .
yes
How about this Friday ?  Julie has not left yet . She was 2 days away from leaving to start school on June 7th when she , quite by accident , looked at the school schedule for the first time in several weeks . Now mind you she had lined up a babysitter , lined up a place to stay , arranged to get a key----to start the 7th . The schedule says the school starts the 14th . Pretty funny . How many years will it take her to live this down? .
Looks good---please send .
I have no legal issues---send out .
After further thought , it seems to me that in light of our fear of litigation w/ American Coal , we should keep the documents . To further insulate the Coal Group and you from any claim that Enron misused the information,I suggest that you transfer the information to me and I will hold it for safekeeping .
Today is bad . Tommorrow I will call you .
Did you get my last message ?
I am not aware of any reason to hold up the suit . ECT is OK
FYI
Huh ?
Yes if you can tell me who she is
Congrats on your new arrival . I hope all is going well . I had lunch w/ Bill Gage today and he mentioned that they had an opening at his firm . I think they are shy about talking to current Bracewell attys . I told him that I had talked to you about other opportunities after the partner decisions were made and that I would pass along the information . If you are interested , Bill's # is 713--225--4500 .
Open new matters . Thanks .
Is this the usual way Freshfield bills ? Out of principle , I would ask for itemize bills . Please give me your thoughts .
ECT is willing to pay 25%,but we will not agree to pick up any of EOTT's share .
Pay it .
Why not alternate between SG and Fulbright . Flip a coin to see who goes first .
It is nice to see that Pat Oxford came through again . The real question is :did Pat not support Bruce or does he have plenty of access but no influence w/ the future president . Maybe this says alot for Bush . He thinks Pat is as much of a cartoon character as we do and has no reason to take him seriously . Wouldn't that be refreshing . You need to get the real scoop before lunch on Tuesday w/ Ileana .
The Perd is a problem because it cost $10,000 per year to maintain . I guess Mom is ( justifiably ) tired of paying this when it has been used twice in six months . There is really nothing more to it than that . When we1 ) all get a little older and our kids can play unsupervised,2 ) are less busy and3 ) have our spiritual leader back in the land of the round eye , then we will use it alot more . No one is seriosly considering selling the joint , save Yvonne . I can probably take off two weeks in August next year to do something stupid w/ you . July and June are bad because Julie will be in Montissori training school in Austin . We should do something bold , exciting--not Colorado or Calif . How about Canada or Alaska .
I never heard from him .
The attachment is wrong
It looks fine .
The list should be eliminated . Just provide that the parties should mutually agree on an arbitrator , who must be a Delaware corporate atty .
This will confirm that HPL wants a jury trial . Sorry I did not get back to you sooner .
Yes . The position is still open . If you have a resume , please send it .
The revised letter is fine . Do we want to outline the damages we have suffered------ ie developement cost . If so , do it in a general way
I think the list is unworkable because it requires us to do due diligence on all the attys on the list--a daunting task . The suggestion of outlining several firms is a good compromise .
The arbitation provision looks good .
The KN matter has been settled .
FYI Also-- I talked to John Ale , the GC of Azurix today . They are looking for attys . I don't know their attitude about recruiters .
Are you still coming to London ?
I sent the materials(along with a recommendation ) to Bob Williams , Enron International's Litigation Manager . If you want to follow up w/him , his no . is 713--646--6412 .
I suppose that depends on your approach--weuns cowpokes aint got much use fer you folks in the big city with yer smooth talkin ways . Seriously , Bob is hard to offend .
I will be in London attending the oral hearing in the CATS appeal . I doubt I can attend .
I have attached a report I asked Tim to produce for me in anticipation of possible litigation .
This is our judge in the Beeson case . I don't like him as a judge but I would recommend that we gave him $500-1000 .
I am OK ( but reluctantly ) with the settlement .
This is the judge in the Beeson case . Although I am not that fond of Link , I think it would be prudent to support him finacially . I suggest $500-$1000 . Of course he will want more after the primary .
There is no litigation reason why this contract cannot be terminated as outlined in your email .
I am not sure about the purpose of this letter . The better response in my mind would be to have a process server arrive at their door . If we do send them a letter , and I leave that to you , we need to have already filed the petition . Then we can attach a file-stamped copy to the letter .
Pay it . Have a nice time .
Dude--- There has been a change in plans . I am arriving on the same day(this Sunday ) but I have to leave the following Sunday ( the 25th ) Let me Know your plans .
How long is this going to last ?
Of all the weekends---Doug's and our family are both going this weekend .
Never mind the previous message . I have no objections .
She did not recieve an offer . Hope all is well .
Great job----I've got about 45 more for you .
I have no changes .
We kicked their ass .
Please let me know of anything other than Grynberg
I approve .
Please coordinate with Linda Guinn .
Sept . 1,3,7,and 8 are good .
John's # is 713-345-5263 .
My litigation description looks fine .
I reviewed the release and it looks good . Another victory .
We did get the money . Thanks . I asked Linda Guinn to look into the misc . bills when we recieved it several months ago . I can't remember what we decided but I will check with her again and get back to you . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
We may be suing them .
Yes . I invited Michelle Cash . I have a meeting w/ Skip at 11:00 at B&P . I hear you are in trial . You name the time and place .
Sept 13 is good .
For this small amount , simply pay .
I cannot attend .
I am Asst . Gen . Counsel---Litigation Manager at Enron North America . As the title implies I am in charge of all litigation in N . America .  I also have responsibility for litigation in Europe . This job carries great responsibilities . Since I arrived in Jan of 1998 , the stock has appreciated more than 100% . Need I say more . In this job I am also , on occasion,when the mood strikes her , allowed to ask irrelevant questions to Carrin Patman about how she is conducting our litigation . Suggestions are strictly off limits . I have several recollections--- Who can forget Richard Royd's 7am breakfast meetings to answer associate questions . There was a meeting at 7 but there was no breakfast served and no questions answered . Sample question: "Richard , why does every firm other than Bracewell have free sodas" Response: "I'm glad you asked me that question but first let me tell you about the Bejing office" What about the Oscar Madison/ Felix Unger pairing of Bruce Feitchinger and Skip McBride.Skip should have known better----when he first interviewed Bruce,they met at Kenneally's Irish Pub . Personally,since I left the firm we have had another son,Matthew,age 11months . Julie has gone back to school to get her Montessori teaching certification to be able to teach at Post Oak School .
I will be in Charleston all next week for a trial involving Cline Res . Maybe you,Tim and I can get on a conf . call . How much is at stake ?
Please get me new cards .
Set 17,Oct 13,19,20,22 are good
This is the correct address
Gosh---I'm blushing .
I think you sent this to the wrong person---at least I hope so because I have no idea what it is . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Does this mean you have heard from Rocky ? Dont give up hope yet--- there might be a position not under Rick Shapiro(wishfully thinking )
Are we running into a problem with the Nov . 3 trial setting ?
Here is a message from Neal Manne about his availability for the Nov 3 trial date .
I do know them . Great folks . The lawyer for the plaintiffs--Patricia whatever is an awful person . If it is not a bench trial i'll tell you more .
The plaintiffs atty--Patricia Whatever has been against me in two cases . She sued GroupMac in one case and Enron in another . One day I'm sitting at the house on Tosca when the phone rings . Its her . She must have seen my name on a list of residents . She starts pumping me for info:Have you seen this dog on the loose in the area before . Now mind you when I was younger,slimmer and with less kids , I was in the yard all the time . I knew the stray dogs . I told her I had never seen their dog loose before and in fact I didn't know they had a dog . Needless to say I never heard from her again .
FYI I am no longer on the Board
Yes . Send his resume .
Why are we meeting again ?
Send Brenda---but don't spend too much time on it .
Yes-- I guess things don't move as quickly as you might want .
What is the status of this ? I gave you Matthews SS# several weeks ago . Do you know what this is about ?
I am getting the file together . Unfortunately , I am in an Arbitration this week . Does Jolen vs ECT ring any bells ? I will set it up next week .
Have we been paid ?
I am OK with the settlement .
I sent it today.Please get w/ Bonnie ---she will handle but you make sure it is passed off to her . Thanks .
I dont want to be the only one using a strike , but if others agree lets strike him . Wed is OK . Tues is bad .
Please set up a meeting for next week
I am in an arbitration all week . Can you get together with the appropriate person(s ) at PGE to find out about the hiring of Richard Carroll and report back ?
Send me both Motions for SJ . Thanks .
Non .
Please handle
It looks fine to me .
I've seen it and it still looks good to me
Fine . What are the court costs ?
I have attached a memo from Don Black regarding his meeting with Duke yesterday . As you will note,this memo outlines the factual differences between the parties . The legal issue is one straight out of first year Contracts class: Was there a meeting of the minds so as to create a binding contract ? When I first looked at this I was somewhat concerned . In response to an email from Duke describing a particular index pricing , Julian responded simply "I agree." But after talking to Don , Greg Whalley , reviewing all the email correspondence , and , most importantly , listening to the trader tapes , I am convinced that Julian never agreed to the index that Duke is alleging . In other words I think we can make a good argument to get around the damaging " I agree" email . It is clear that Duke's trader didn't , and probably still doesn't understand what index she was usingin her email . The Master Agreement provides for arbitration in Houston with three arbitrators , one of whom must have 8 years of experience in derivatives . I'll take my chances with that kind of panel . I estimate our liklihood of prevailing is in the 70-80% range . Let me know if you need anything further .
I am good for $25 .
Actually if this case goes to arbitration , it will be in Houston . Know any good lawyers ?
X-large ( and getting larger by the minute )
I am but your humble servant . Wed and Thurs are good . Check w/ Twanda--39402
We are mediating this case on Oct 25 . As a result , all depositions have been postponed.I will let you know if this changes .
Lets find out who their agent for service of process is and send it to them . After that I say we drop it .
At this point have we dropped this claim ?
Looks good .  Please send asap(and take all their phone calls )
Yes and no . I am not listening on the calls , but either Andy or Barrett call me immediately afterwards to update me on the progress . If they leave me a voicemail , I will forward it to you .
Last week , I offered $10,000 to allow us to stay put . I have not heard anything back .
Either
Call him and see if we need to produce anything .
Are you still in charge of recruiting for the collection of assest formerly known as Enron International ?
I sent a follow-up letter today .
Looks good to me .
I have no changes
I have asked Britt to follow up on this matter . He will attempt to determine who are the targets of these letters . He is also doing some research on whether the atty violated an ethical duty by sending this letter to Rick Causey and others at Enron . I will call him .
Meeting . Dave Duran and Michele Cash should also be involved .
FYI
I confirmed that all the LPs and GPs of ECT Securities LP are Enron cos , incorperated in Delaware with offices in Houston .
I owe you lunch . Lets take Bruce so I don't have to pay for it .
FYI
I'll take any game except tonight . Let me know if i've won .
No need to call . My thoughts are: defeat his motion to stay,win our motion to stay .
Perfect
I just sent you the letter . I'll be here all day .
I guess we will know on Tues .
We are going around and around with Sitler's attorney about the appointment of arbitrators . The "contract" , and I use that term loosely , between Sitler and Cgas calls for the appointment of 3 disinterested arbitrators . Sitler has appointed a friend of his who we do not believe qualifies as disinterested . The only claim Sitler should have is a request that the district court settle the dispute and order Cgas to appoint an arbitrator . I have asked Bruce Oakley at Bracewell to call Sitler's atty and fish for information . I'll let you know what Bruce finds out
Send them to me . I dont think you need to review them .
Could you get w/ Eileen and let me know 1 ) which case this is and 2 ) what is happening
no
I registered for and attended the first day of the 3 day course on electricity that started Tuesday . Unfortunately , I was summoned back to Houston on a work related emergency . I would like to complete the class if it is offered in the spring . Is this possible ?
This action by the U.S . Supreme Court may be very good news for the Grynberg case .
Your revisions look good . For the last paragraph,change this to "...Enron has not asked Enerstar to reimburse Enron's considerable expenses"
I'll be happy to schedule him . What do you think ?
Done
I want you to know that I really keep an eye on the restricted list in hopes that NSM will not show up . I want to tell all of my family , especially my widowed mother who lives off her pension , to snatch up as many shares and bonds as they can .
Do you have lunch plans today ?
Are you going to be here for Christmas ?
Really ? I'd feel like a mooch . Lets have lunch next week . Any day but Monday or Thurs .
Tues.is good . I'll call you .
Obviously , Barrett is already working on this . Please coordinate w/ him .
We wrote him a letter rejecting his offer of $250,000 and asked for $1 million . It might be a good idea for you to call him and feel him out . We would certainly take less than $1 million . What do you think ?
I just got it this afternoon . It is headed your way .
I must be getting stupid in my old age,but I can't understand this email at all . I'll find you tomorrow so you can translate .
Do you have any more news on Natolie/IBC ? I am ready to get aggressive . Also---We need to meet regarding Calpine and decide how to proceed .
Do we really need it translated ? Is Britt getting out of these translations , or does he still have to talk to the French attorneys ?
Please handle
Linda Guinn has this information and will contact you shortly
I have already given Andy my input . If you have comments ,  please call Andy before 1:00pm today .
Please give Andy your comments by 1:00pm today .
Can you print these out in color asap ? I need 2 copies .
He must be out of town . In my dealings w/ him he has always been responsive . He is not returning my calls either .
Can you handle this ?
Please set up a conference call with Linda Green , me , and Shelia Tweed for early next week . Linda Green may not know about why we are calling--- we have a potential search in Portland for a Power Plant development atty .
Janet Moore tells me that he could go back to EI if he wanted , but he doesn't want to travel . Should we at least talk to him ? Mark--- have you found out anything about his reputation
FYI
Lets them pay by December 31
Can we talk about this if it is still an active "case"
Enron Europe has decided to pursue this claim . How involved would you like me to be ?
Please move forward on discovery . Lets force them to the conclusion that they really need to get rid of Enron as a Defendant
Lets get a petition ready . What is your guestimate on our chances of success .
Those dates in April are OK for the electricity class
It is probanly too late to respond-- but her goes: 1 . We like AAA . I don't know how good ASP is . 2 . I' d like a more neutral forum . The question to ask yourself--are we going to get "hometowned" 3 . We do't usually provide for "loser pays" on attorneys fees
I thought these were taken care of long ago . I think they relate to Neal's work for EES on the chilled water project for Enron Field . Let me know .
Did you talk to her today ? what do I need to do to follow up ?
Looks good . Why does Jim McCartney think so ?
When do you want to pay this ?
No,just send the letter .
I am available at 2pm
I have asked Twanda to set up a conference call .
I have asked Twanda to set up a call to discuss .
Yes . We have approx . $110 k sitting with our attorneys in London and we have a claim under our charterers insurance policy----which we are pursuing aggressively . You may be able to reserve some amount for this potential recovery .
mobile )
Put my name in the pool .
Please pull a report detailing all incoming faxes received by fax machine number 713/646-3483 , located between EB 3115 and 3114B from September 1 through present . WE NEED THIS REPORT IMMEDIATELY . Time is of the essence . Should you have any questions , please call me at 35587 or my legal specialist , Linda Guinn , at 36104 . Richard Sanders Co . 413
Have you requested my upgrade ?
This request is related to a lawsuit worth hundreds of millions of dollars . Is there any way to get this done by Monday ?
Thanks
Please take the precautions you believe are appropriate .
Paul- please find out what you can from the DOJ . Thanks .
I have a Norelco razor . Would that help ?
I am forwarding a draft of the Amended Complaint in the TVA lawsuit . The "control area" causes of action have added to our existing request for declaratory relief on the "delivery point" issue . We would like to file this next week , so please review this asap . My assistant is putting together a conference call for Tues afternoon to discuss .
Please send me his resume
Is this call going to happen ? I am available.-
Who are the new firms and what do you know about them ?
I am fine w/ the bill .
Does this name sound familiar ?
Good job on your conversation . Unless Max wants to pay some nominal amount of money to simply get rid of them , I would advise that we do nothing . We could write a letter confirming the substance of your conversation and warn them not to slander Enron,but I think that might be overkill .
I forwarded this to Derrick and Haedicke . Why dont you send one out to every other GC . Thx .
The interest rate is fine . We do not agree to "loser pays" attys fees . The arbitrator has discretion under AAA rules to award attys fees , so we usually leave it open . I would not agree to pay attys fees if someone goes to court for some relief outside the arbitration . Please let me know if you have any questions
The phone call to Intermesa and Votorantim should emphasize the following points: 1 . The transaction was never consumated . We have consistently stated that we do not consider the transaction a "done deal" until final documents are executed . 2 . We are no longer willing to consider the proposed transaction . The reason is simple: the market has moved and they failed to act quickly . 3 . All markets,pet coke markets in particular , are time sensitive . Because Votorantim has delayed in the execution of final documents , it accepted the risk that , over time , market prices would change and Enron would no longer be willing to sign a deal . 4 . Again , we never had a final , enforceable deal . Their only claim is that we misrepresented to them our willingness to do the deal and therefor they didn't pursue negotiations with a third party . Our response is: we never made any misrepresetation and it is not reasonable to rely on our negotiations as a basis to forego discussions with third parties when Enron never sent them a binding offer .
I would like to cancel,as long as my RC is not charged . Unless I hear otherwise , I will asume this is ok .
yes , I will attend .
Can you get w/ Staci and take care of this request ?
The requirement that all three arbitrators have 10 years of experience in unrealistic . We will be hard pressed to find one . Most arbitrators are lawyers . With respect to the second change , it is not a change we should make . This changes the arbitration from a party designate arbitration where one of the arbitrators is our advocate , to a totally nuetral panel .
I think we have compiled all the information you requested . Sorry for the delay . Please call Linda Guinn at ext.36104
FYI
FYI
FYI
I just wanted to remind everyone involved with the TVA litigation ( and potential litigation ) to be mindful of the possibility that some of our internal communications in the next several weeks may be the subject of TVA discovery requests in the coming months . Please do not generate any notes or e-mails without talking to me first . When scheduling meetings regarding strategy , please include an attorney so that we can protect the communications through the attorney-client privilege . If you have any questions about this procedure , do not hesitate to call me at ext . 35587
After reviewing the petition , I think this belongs to EES .
I'm ok
The plans are up in the air . The first weekend that we are all free is the weekend of Feb 26.(if you can't make it that weekend , let me know. ) If all three of us come , there is probably 4-6 hours of work . I would propose that we bring Ben,James and Ryan only . I will arrive Fri night and leave Sun morning . Let me know what you think .
I can't tell what changes he made . Can you ?
Both Sheila Tweed and I have concluded that Kristopher Wahlers is not a good fit for our position . Do you have any other prospects ?
Britt was going to check with all the Enron GC's . I assume he got no response .
Your observations on how to fix the problem are right on the money . The other thing we should have done is confirm that the broker confirm links the two transactions as well .
Have you received all the information you need ?
Send it to everyone you believe should get it . Unless I hear otherwise from you , I will assume you are going to send the letter with attachments today
I have pushed this meeting until Feb . We need to meet w/:Mcconville(2 hours after Barth),Barth ( first meeting in the morning) , and Travis.Please set up asap .
Please try to track this down .
Please call him and set this up
I am assuming this meeting is canceled .
Bill is a great guy but I have no interest in a presentation .
Sorry,but we have no interest .
I have no changes to the description
What time is the party ?
Whalley's asst tells me the meeting at the Px is at 9 am . I have left Greg a voicemail indicating that the three of us should talk today about strategy .
Yes to arbitration . No to waiver of jury trials,unless the counterparty is in the Rio Grande Valley or some other bad venue .
I f you haven't already done so , please review the attachments . Don't provide any feedback in writing or e-mails,simply talk to them on an unrecorded line .
We need to meet with , in this order , Brian Barth,Travis McCoullough,Kevin McConville and John Hopley . Lisa Mellencamp may also want to attend the meetings with the attorneys from Millbank .
Does anyone know this guy and should we interview him ?
Let me know what you think--obviously we need to decide quickly .
Please drop me a voicemail or an e -mail when you have the time . I am out of town starting today . Also-- I circulated the resumes of the two Canadian attys you sent to me last week . If you have any more comments about them,leave that in the voicemail and I will forward it to Shelia and Julia . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Canada Corp .
I have asked the headhunter to set up an interview through Twanda . Remember- no panic shopping .
What is the status of my upgrade request that was made 5 weeks ago ?
Thanks for yor message . On another front , I will be in London next week and I would like to meet with the attorneys who will be pursuing the Pacific Valour claim . Did we ever decide on counsel ?
I dont care
I have asked Bruce Oakley for a status report . I'll let you know when I hear from Bruce .
I am in London this week and will be meeting with David Best on Thurs to discuss . Thanks for your inquiry . I'll let you know after the meeting .
Actually , my instructions from Nowlan are to pursue our claim against MTM . I am in London this week and I will try to meet with our London counsel to start the process .
By copy of this e-mail , I have asked Linda Guinn to pull the Tapes before they are deleted . Can you work with Linda and Ed to pinpoint the tapes we need to pull . Linda's direct no . is 713-853-6104 .
Please send me a copy of the e-mail along with Kevin's response .
Bruce Oakley has informed me that we will be filing a motion to compel arbitration , which should stay Sitler's ability to take any depositions . Either Bruce or I will let you know if it looks like the depositions will proceed .
In theory , there may be some jurisdictions that do not allow tapes to be admissable because of issues other than relevance--such as authenticity . It is hard to know the Evidence Rules of every jurisdiction . I would suggest the following language: The parties to this Agreement agree that any such recording are admissable in any legal proceeding for any matters relevant to the Agreement , except for those recordings that violate the Parole Evidence Rule of the applicable jurisdiction .
Is this case still active ? If so,what is the status ?
Please print out this memo with attachments and place it in the Calpine lawsuit file
As you know , several weeks ago we retained an attorney out of Wahington DC to assist us with the EPA permitting issues . The need for counsel was put on hold when we decided to move the plant . Is ther anything more we need to do to follow up on this matter ?
Did we ever hear anything more from Mark Woolfolk ? He was the attorney from Akin Gump in Houston who interviewed last month . All of the comments I recieved were very positive . The last I heard , you were talking to him about salary , but you were concerned that he was too far above our compensation level . Please let me know what I should do to follow up .
Am I signed up for the last two days of the Electricity class through the University of Texas ? Please put it on my calander . Also there are several matters not on my calender--lunch w/ Skip Mcbride . Please update my calender .
Actually , when I say "retained " counsel , I mean we identified the best lawyer available and asked him to clear any conflicts . We don't need to do anything else .
Actually , I have a memo that will be finalized today .
I have attached final drafts of the Bonneville and Enestar response letters . Please review and revise the Bonneville letter and send it out . Let me know if you have any comments to the Enestar letter and I will send .
Looks good . Please send .
Please send the Agency letter to Louise Kitchen and Mark Taylor asking for comments . Also-- change the reference to "earlier this week" to last week . Get the address from Mark before you send . On the Hopley memo: 1 . Add John Enerson to the list of recipients 2 . Place the subsection titled "Suits against...." with the same offset 3 . In the 5th line of the first paragraph w/o a heading change "that" to "than" 4 . The first sentence of the Noram description is off 5 . Take out the blank in the Noram description 6 . Judge Kent not Judge Ken 7.Take out Midwest Gas Storage heading Make these changes and send
I am in London this week . Can you take a look at this and let me know what it is and what we should do . Thanks
I am in London this week for a series of meetings and an appeal to the House of Lords of the lawsuit that I was over here for in July(we won $130 USD ) What a dreary place in the winter . I dont have much to report . I have been traveling a bunch--- in the last 10 days , I have been to Portland , Calgary , LA , St . Louis , and now London . Julie has held her tongue because of her impending 8 weeks in Austin this summer . The kids are great . Lots of sibling rivalries going I have been biking with Garribaldi and Worscheh in preparation for our participation in the Houston to Austin bike tour . Garribaldi has a new job with a couple of big projects in the pipeline . Worscheh finally got his financing on his project so he is pretty chipper these days . They are pregnant again and out of space in their house . Missy Medary is running for District Court Judge in Corpus Christi . She is running as a Republican in a Democratic stronghold and her last name is not Perez or Medarcia so her chances are slim . She is hoping for a George W . Bush coattail effect . Tom was not all that keen on the idea the last time I talked to him . Don't quote me on this but I think he is worried that she is a status seeker and that she will have way too much of what she wants if she is elected ( Judges tend to have a lot of people kissing their ass ) Rob and Amy are just holding on with their 4 kids . I think Rob's job is going well: they made one large aquisition at the bottom of the market and commodity prices have doubled . I haven't seen anyone else,although I did talk to John Scott the other day . He works for a firm in Dallas that does alot of Enron's work . I laughed at him when he told me he is trying to get his kids into Country Day . He was always calling it Country Gay . Tell Kinga I said hi if you are still...er...dating ?
PLEASE SIGN MY NAME AND SEND
I will be happy to do it this way . By the way , if you are sending a copy to Bill McCartney at V&E , you should know that I am also sending him a copy .
I have no comments on the two letters .
Thanks
Bob Williams has informed me that Christopher Carr represented the GOM against Enron .
Thanks for your e-mail about the Duke/Enron case . There is only one slight problem---we have no idea what case this is . Neal Manne at Susman represented us in a case against Duke that settled early last year . We have no active litigation or disputes against Duke . My curiosity is pegged out . I asked Bob Boemer if he could find out more w/in ethical boundries .
Thanks again for the hospitality shown last week . I wanted to let you know that Fiona was especially helpful .
Cos 18 and 51 are the only ones I am familiar with and they cannot be dissolved . I am not familiar with the other cos , but I have asked Linda Guinn to confirm that there are no cases pending against them .
I just left you a voice-mail stating that I am available this morningor(even better ) Monday morning .
If you do not hear from Mike ASAP , track him down or leave me a message and I will . You have access to my schedule so you can coordinate with Ogden.(just let me know before you give the final say so )
If you want to speak with Harry , please coordinate through Linda Guinn
per my voicemail
I am clear Wed and Thurs afternoon
I will be on vacation .
. After some period of orientation and adjustment(6 months? ) all attorneys: senior counsel , assistant general counsel , and vice-president are expected to be independant . We don't have the time or the inclination to hold hands . There is no "standard" promotion track . If a senior counsel is successful , a promotion to asst . gen . counsel will happen in1-3 years A promotion to VP is the closest thing we have to "making Partner" and generally takes 2-5 years . There is not that much compensation difference between a SC and a AGC .
The posting of this bond should eliminate the need to pay on the Enron Corp guarranty . Please refer all future correspondence regarding this matter to Bonnie White
Who is handling this ?
The Demurrer looks good .
please print out this e-mail w/ the attachment and file
Yes I get these postings independently
Easter is good for us .
Easter weekend is MUCH better for us . Just make it happen .
We left at 10:30 and went to Kenneally's Irish Pub to get something to eat ( they ran out of food at the gala ) I did bid on a piece of art , but I don't know if I won . I doubt it , it was a popular item .
Thanks for the update .
The use of Enron's name is OK as long as it is limited to that .
The lawsuit against Agency.com was filed this afternoon .
Do you know anything about this ?
Can you have lunch on Monday ?
I am very busy and very important but I will make an exception for you .
Ecogas and its affiliates have claims and lawsuits outstanding against them totaling over $8.5 million . These cases are , for the most part ,  suits to collect on unpaid debts , for which there are very limited defenses . The likelihood of success on the defenses of these cases is small .
Where else ? Treebeards---on Market Square You pick the time .
Thanks for your research . I hammered the old coot on the head w/it this morning .
Let me know what time and please invite any judge you like .
When you get a minute , call those attys who stated ( swore ) otherwise and find out where they got their information . I will be there at noon
When you get a second , call me and let me know what is happening with this investigation . Also---are you going to Wyoming next week .
Roland-- I think that Brian is the correct person to sign these discovery requests . Having said that , I do not remember talking about that before you sent the e-mail to Brian . You need to go through me for that kind of decision . My only comment to the Interrogs is that Brian should use his old title in
Paul-- plese call Lara Leibman at Enron asap . Her # is 713-853-1393
Did you ever send this letter ? If so , please send me a copy .
I have not heard from Barbara about Eitan , but my reaction is that he is not a great fit because of his lack of legal experience . Typically , we don't hire first year lawyers unless there is a person who is willing to sponser(train ) them . I know Barbara has been very pleased with Gerald Nemec , so her feelings might have changed about hiring someone so inexperienced . However , I know that Mark H . and Jim Derrick will be very skeptical .
Linda-- see if Barrett Reasoner knows of a video conference in Houston .
In keeping with Mike Moran's instructions to be frugal , I did not book a video conference at Enron , but I have asked Linda Guinn to find one that we can attend in Houston .
The devil is in the details--- what does the power of atty say . Send it to me
Looks good . Let me know asap whether we get the requested extension .
Looks good .
what is the status of this ?
Call Linda Guinn at 713-853-6104 . She has all this information .
yes,I recieved it,but the attachment is gibberish
too late--I deleted it
please put these letters on my stationary and lets send
Whatever happened with this ? Also--we need to caution the non-lawyers to be careful what they put in E-mails about this incident .
for your amusement
please coordinate with Mark Wawro at Susman re when we will be traveling to this hearing
Don't assume anything--- as to what happened , maybe he got to know her work product .
Is this the guy we talked to ?
I am interested in talking to Kathlyn .
What happened to "I am good with names"
pull the plug
let me know when she will be coming
I am not sure why you recieved an invoice relating to this . Please send it my way .
Can you please call her and get this worked out . I asked her to send me the invoice .
please set up interviews with; me,Sheila , Mark H. , Julia M,Lance and Lisa M
I have asked Twanda Sweet to set this up . Her # is 853-9402 Did you get paid for Jim Grace and did you pay Bruce Menke ?
Could you give me a brief description of what this is ?
I ignored this . Should I have ?
Teresa Bushman may know whether this is related to the Shell/Cypress Program .
I did not get the attached message. , Enron North America Corp .
I called Lowell last week to see which Enron entity was involved with this " friendly transaction" which created the potential conflict . I have not heard back from him . Have you ?
I am in Ft . Worth at a funeral all day Monday and not available . 8-9am and 11:30am-2pm is all I have available on Tues . Please call my asst . Twanda at 853-9402 to schedule . I would like to be included if for no other reason than to keep Charlie to his 30 min limit .
I would give the 3 business days to respond . I have no other comments .
the percentage of my total time spent working on East Coast Power is negligible ( 2 hours out of 200--1% )
I talked to Tim Plouch(spelling? ) yesterday and he tells me his clients have been paid .
Thanks for the resume . We interviewed Salley last year and passed on her. .
Fine . I'll be gone Friday
We are not in the market at this time . Do I need to follow up with Melinda ? Enron North America Corp .
did this letter go ?
yes
These dates are fine .
It has either been settled or abandoned , but I haven't heard anything about the dispute in weeks . Enron North America Corp .
This is the remainder of money being withheld by the receiver . It is not a settlement . Enron North America Corp .
please put on my stationary
Can you find this demand letter ?
Isn't it time for our ex-Bracewell lunch ?
Is this meeting still on , do you want me to attend , and how long is the meeting ?
I don't know anyone over there well enough to recommend them , so my interest is low . However , I have no objection .
Please set this up
Jim-- do I need to be doing something on this-----that is other than strangling whoever gave this guy an Enron business card .
I spent 3 hours on this matter in Jan , Feb Enron North America Corp .
I sent this to Mike Dorman at Locke Liddel for his analysis . I ased for his answer by Thurs . Do you need it before then ?
Set a short deadline for compliance: otherwise looks fine Enron North America Corp .
I did not recieve your e-mail . My e-mail address is
Lets talk about this.Do you have time for a sandwich Mon , Tues , or Wed of next week ?
One percent
I would be happy to meet them in whatever forum you chose .
Based on this information , I say don't go . Let me know if anything changes .
Here is what I want to do on this . I need to review and approve all bills . I do not have to the sign off on the required documentation . If it makes Britt more comfortable , fine I'll do it . But I do not need to do so .
We are not hiring at this time(ie this month/week ) Thanks for the referral .
I am interested in the sculpture w/ the less prominent father figure . Can I get it by Mothers Day ? How do I pay you ? please e-mail me or call me
I am around all day tomorrow . Please leave me a voicemail re when you want to talk . Also-- any luck on my proposed meeting w/the Legg Mason ?
1:30 is good . I will call you .
As you can see,we are playing hardball with Oaktree . Any comments ?
I would be happy to take this over . I am out of town today and Monday . Lets set up a conference call on Tues . Twanda will call you to set it up .
Thank you , but I cannot attend . "Ingram , Kay" Please respond to "Ingram , Kay"
I am available on the 7th and I have put it on my calender . Let me know if the date changes .
Yes , I will be attending .
Please follow up w/ Paul .
Greg-- We are not in the market right now . Her credentials are good , but her timing is bad . Thanks forthe resume .
As we discussed , Linda's divorce is in Judge Squires' court . The opposing counsel is Susan Myres , who I think has recently moved to Don Fullenwiller's firm . She presents a problem for two reasons . First,she is much,much more aggressive than Linda's current atty . At the prelimanary hearing , she objected to half of the question , which the judge sustained(he has asked to withdraw and I say good riddance ) The bigger problem in my mind is that her aggression has "empowered" Linda's husband . It is pretty pathetic from what Linda tells me . He says things like"wait till I tell my lawyer about this , she'll go straight to the judge" Linda needs someone that knows what they are doing , is aggressive enough to handle Ms.Myres , and has some clout with the Judge . Linda can pay,but has limited resources . Thanks for your help .
I dont understand your message.Squires is the Judge . Susan Myres is the opposing counsel
I cannot make it the 31st . All other days are good .
Squires is not going to recuse himself . However,he was not the judge who heard the prel . hearing . An associate judge--Brent Burg-- heard the prelim . hearing
I can not make the call at 2:30 . I am available at 10:30-12 or after 4:30 . If the call can not be rescheduled to those times , please call me to give me an update .
Hi
The Beeson class certification hearing and the hearing on the parties' motions for Summary Jugdment have been rescheduled to August 8--10 .
We need to send a cc to his attorney , Jim Keenan .
Sounds good
I would be shocked if HH did not have insurance for the line repairs . We should ask their atty about this .
No . I already have plans that I can not break . Try me next time with more notice , I am a very busy and important person .
I have a mediation that day . Let me know when you will be in town again .
Thanks for taking care of this . Let me know if we get a response .
FYI
We have no interest . Do you think I need to write a rejection letter ?
Id rather give money . How much and to whom do I pay the $ .
My mediation cancelled . Do you still want to have lunch ?
both are good for me
Have we set something up w/ Wickliff and Hall yet ?
1400 Smith St . Right down the street from your office . I am good for whenever you arrive .
Please give me your home tel . #s , pagers , and cell phone #s for my address book . (  input yourself if you have access )
Do you know anything about this ?
Looks good
We need to add Steve Kean to the list .
Here is the Enron Trading Manuel
Please handle .
Call me to talk about this when you get in . 713-853-5587
I need to be in Jim Derrick's office by 10:30 . Lets not cancel the mmeeting , but we need to start promptly at 10:00 .
The letter looks fine . Send me a hard copy and I will sign .
I sent them Monday .
I have made some minor changes and given my approval . Please send me a copy of the final version for my records .
Maybe we can have Schwartz interview them on the next day ( Friday ) so that we give him one shot at them with some ability to control the questions . Let me know what you think .
I have asked Linda Guinn to look into it . We have recently gone through some changes in our accounting system and that may be the problem . "Bill W . Ogden" Please respond to bogden
Call Steve Howard with info . Thx .
yes
Ok to sue
You may not go
Have we scheduled the Virgo and Miller depos,their depo prep , and the mediation ? "Bill W . Ogden" Please respond to bogden
I joined late last month . Do I need to pay again ?
Thanks for the update . Are you getting everything you need from Linda ? "Laura Gibson" Please respond to lgibson
I have asked Linda to get back to you personally about the status of this bill . "Bill W . Ogden" Please respond to bogden
Has Kemper signed the agreement ?
I am good on the 25th Please respond to "Grant Dorfman"
I believe these invoices are ENA's responsibility . Please send them back to me .
Doug and Rob--- I left a voicemail for Bob Williams that I thought Jim McCartney would be good . Jim is an outside atty who consults with me and Bob on complex litigation . He would be a perfect nuetral arbitrator .
I am not available on the 25th from 3-5 . Every other time is good .
one percent
Lets make sure what Durango is going to say , but I am inclined to call their bluff and proceed to trial . Lets see what Steve Schneider has to say
Steve-- Kathy did call me about this and I did not follow up with you . Sorry to both of you .
I do not have the PAC confirmation email . Can you send it again ? 
Sorry-- Twanda knows the drill . We have a temp .
4 things: 1 . You are right ---something is off about this guy . His behavior is irrational . 2 . You are right--- you are obsessing about this too much . Relax and go back on vacation . 3 . I handle personal matters for people all the time . This one is pretty minor . If it becomes more involved , we can talk about it then . 4 . Relax and go back on vacation . I will talk to you on Tues .
Can you go to lunch next Tues , Wed , or Thurs ?
Please put this letter on my letterhead and lets send
I don't know what the deal with Doug is . Maybe we are a lot more aggressive than you when it comes to inviting ourselves on his vacation . I knew he was going to be there . Late last week , Julie and I decided to go to Austin instead of her coming to Houston for the weekend . I called Doug and told him we were coming . My approach is that if he wants to say no he has one chance to to so . He didn't say no . I should have called you earlier . Julie must have told me to call you 5 times on Sat . The truth is I am so freaking tired that I just didn't do it until Sun . We did want to stop by and visit but we will catch you next time . Love Richard
V&E represents us . Thanks
Unless their is a reason having to do with the case ( ie we can somehow recover our attys fees} I see no reason why we should separate the bills.Send me one bill .
I am now not good on those days . Friday is good or any day the next week . What about dinner with me and the kids any day this week ?
As you will note from the attached e-mails there is some confusion regarding this bankrupcy . I have asked Linda Guinn to coordinate with you to make sure Enron is doing everything we need to do .
I am the logical person to speak with B of A . I need to speak to Joel or Lisa to put B of A's request in perspective .
I have asked my paralegal , Linda Guinn , to help gather the documents . Her # is 713-853-6104 .
Please coordinate with Milbank to get the requested documents under #5
Have him send it directly with a cover letter to me . Yes .
Did you know about these ?
I talked to Delainey last week and he said he wanted to have a meeting to discuss . This analysis is interesting .
Sorry about the delay in getting back to you . I would do a separate heading . I am not sure who needs to approve this other than me . When Whalley was head trader and COO , he approved . I do not know if it should be Lavo or Delainey . If you know , send it to me and I will get it signed . If you are uncertain , my paralegal , Linda Guinn , will find out .
If this letter has not yet gone out , we should include the kitchen sink of perceived problems . I agree that the letter should be short , but lets eliminate their argument that we did not give complete notice .
I will call you about this matter this week .
Has any action been taken on this request by Shankman ?
I am fine with the Chamber of Commerce arbitration , especially in light of the small amount of potential exposure . Could you send me a copy of the opinion from our local counsel .
See Below
Please send the following e-mail addresses and telephone #s to bwhite@ me Bruce Oakley at B&P Steve Pruett at Enron
He is taken care of .
Yes . I am the contact person at Enron . The LLGM attys should send me copies of all pleadings and drafts of any important pleadings--answers , counterclaims or motions for summary judgement--before they are filed . As for contact with the ECP people , I think your litigators can call them directly for incidental information . Any strategy calls should be made through me . I would suggest that they give me the option of participating on the initial calls w/ the ECP witnesses . I wil;l likely decline because of time constraints . Is that as clear as mud ?
This disclosure is fine .
We could agree to non exclusive jurisdiction in Tenn. , but not exclusive jurisdiction . As for the arbitration forum , my preference would be a major regional metro area--Atlanta comes to mind .
Send the drafts at the same time .
New matter
yes
Lets meet Monday at 9:30
Dinner is better . I have all three kids this week because Julie has finals the week after next . Hows Tues , Wed , or Thurs . We eat kinda early(6:15 )
The Wauna and Halsey PPA's with Ft . James have been cancelled . Sorry for the delay .
Welcome back . Do we need to set up a meeting to discuss the tortious interference question we talked about before you left ?
For your review and comment .
please call me about this if you still need help
Disregard the previous e-mail . this is the updated version .
Even though I have not seen te bill , I do have a concern that it will prevent us from making our 3rd Q earnings . How bad is it ?
Fine
Just testing you . ( youpassed )
Please respond
Our plan is to be in Ft . Worth by Fri the 11th at 5pm . I was hoping to get together w/ Rob and Amy and Scott and Elizabeth on Sat . night . What about Frior even better Sun . night
Please set this up for Mon morning
Linda-- Please check with Stuart Kusin at Susman whether we agreed to return this material . Otherwise tell Kevin to archive it .
Call Steve Williams at EOG Resourses in Denver or Barry Hunsacker in Houston
Lunch w/ you---yes . Presentation----not only no but hell no .
I have not heard anything about it since I spoke with you last month . My guess is Mark is not focused on this search . Don't do anything . I will keep you posted Please respond to makris
This letter could have negative ramifications . However , we should send it if El Paso mismeasured the gas . What happened to the conference call ? I will
I am sorry that it took so long to get back to you . My paralegal , Linda Guinn , is the best person to answer these issues . Her ext is 36104 . By the way , we are not revising our policies .
Bonnie White is handling Dodson case and will respond
yes
What is the last day for Deen to ask for a jury ? "Bill W . Ogden" Please respond to bogden
yes
The check made it to us this time . My paralegal,Linda Guinn , is tracking down where it went . I am certain the $ was deposited .
This rider looks good .
Actually , I said I did not think we should pursue it , but that I wanted Harry to check w/ the client/trader to see how strongly they feel about letting it go . We have a lot of dog cases out there that someone feels strongly about . Any word Harry ?
Ron-- I am not sure what this is ? Can you help me ?
The signed aff . is on its way back to you .
I don't remember seeing this . Please resend .
When do you think we will here something (  if today ) ? 
If we appeal and win it will be helpful to our claim against TVA related to the control area dispute . .  While we have not heard it yet , TVA will argue that although TVA did not use the same rational as Entergy to deny parking , Enron has no damages because of the FERC ruling . What are our chances of winning ? By copy of this e-mail I will ask our outside counsel , Bob Madden , to comment on how he thinks the FERC ruling can and will be used against us .
I know you have other things going on but can you draft 2 short letters to JB 1)confirming your requests re Wisvest and 2 ) outling you information requests re Ecogas SA . I will edit .
Include these questions to JB in the Ecogas SA letter
Can you print out a copy of the legal risk memo E . Sager did ?
. ...or unless the judge has scheduled a conference call for a time certain .
You are exactly right---thanks .
Can I bring my grandmother ?
No on #1 . Yes on #2 . One thing we may want to add in light of #2 is a confidentiality agreement so that Jung Ho doesn't find out about the settlement . "Bill W . Ogden" Please respond to bogden
Tim is available next Thurs . Does this work for you Knox ?
Sounds good
I have not had any contact with the nuetral appraiser , so this speculation is from our outside counsel . Jean Frizzell inforns me that the nuetral is conservative and he doesn't believe that he will put any multiples on these investments . The numbers should be low . I hope you are doing well-----
I am forwarding this lawsuit to you . Can you handle ?
We should not respond .
Can we get together next week so I can get an update ? Twanda will schedule .
Remember us ? You're not going Sharolyn Wood on us are you ?
Where are we on this ?
I talked to Britt about handling this . You can give it to him if you are swamped .
Perhaps $150-250 per well is what they are looking for .
I am talking to Bill Redmond
That is the plan--although she doesn't need my family , she can always hang out with the Cowan family
. . . unless I am around someone really important---like a Judge or her family .
Do these two e-mails relate to the same litigation I sent to you ?
Send it out yourself
Not that I am aware of . I will check with our corporate Sec . Becky ?
It looks good . By the way , we have had dealings with Carter Mathes before .
I have been told that Exxon/Mobil is going to file a lawsuit against ECT , Kinder Morgan and Enron Liquids Holding . Have you recieved anything
I have not followed this . Should I ? 
I will check with our outside counsel concering whether a new petition has been filed . I am fairly certain there is no new filing . However , the Plaintiff's discovery is clearly leading to claims or allegations that Kevin McConville , an ECT/ENA officer , through his board position and involvement at NSM Management Co . acted improperly . I wouldn't close your file yet .
Set up a meeting with the accounting people w/knowledge of these figures asap
I received a telephone call from Schultes' attorney requesting that we make Barth , McConville , and the two analysts who went to Thailand available for depositions . Schultes' atty's names are Bill Redmond 440-893-0338 and Joel Levin 216-928-0600 . They have a discovery deadline in Oct . I tried to talk them out of it but they insisted . I instead suggested a telephone interview with limited depositions to follow . Please call me Tues about this .
I have called you several times this morning but your phone rolls over to a messaging system that won't let me leave a message . That's ok today because I need to talk to you live , but it is good to know that I can't get ahold of you when I need to . I wonder if Bracewell's Wash . office has the same problem ?
Joe-- How long can we hold off on this ? I have left a message for Dan Watkiss to call me about helping us with an anti-trust analysis . Maybe you should also be on that call .
He's a goner and he is a Democrat .
Bob-- this is mine
Janette: Please order a new IBM laptop computer for Linda Guinn as soon as possible and charge to my RC 0630 . If you have any questions , feel free to contact me or Linda . Thanks . Richard Sanders
Janette: Please also note that we will need to move the printer currently located in Marianne's cubicle to the litigation war room on 5 . Thanks . Richard
I never did anything to follow up on this . Do I need to ?
Have you heard anything about the schedule for the hearing in the CATS appeal ? I need to travel to London soon and I would like to attend .
Maury called me on Wed and I forgot to call him back . I called yall this am but no one was home . Tell him to call me .
Robert and Scott--- what should we do about this . Please call me at 713 853
What do you think we should do ?
I have asked my asst to set up a call to discuss .
FYI
Thanks for the info---hope all is well with you and your family . FYI
Somehow , I have lost your telephone no . I was going to call you to get an update---or do you have anything to tell me ?
yes
Thanks for your help .
Matt
Yes . Let me know where and when
please handle
In case someone calls
Twanda-- please create an e-mail from me to Delainey , cc to Haedicke say "I have enclosed a draft of a the letter we spoke about yesterday" . Put this insert from Bob Madden in a letter from Delainey to Ike at TVA-- Delainey's secretary has the name and address of Ike .
Send them to me
Yes , take it . Thanks for your help .
I have asked my paralegal , Linda Guinn , to respond to your inquiry . Her direct # is 713-853-6104 .
I am too busy and important to go on such short notice . Seriously---just pick one of the dates I gave you , even if it is a long way off .
I have sent you revisions of this letter
Lunch as you proposed sounds good . Thanks in advance for waiting for me .
The verdict is I have too much #*%$@ work to do ( not for forwarding )
Tell her I have no objections .
I have forwarded yor e-mail to Michelle Cash . Hopefully , she can answer your questions
I cannot open the attachment .
Jim has known about the dispute since June , but I can't remember whether I called him about the lawsuit . I left him a voicemail 5 minutes ago .
The questioning by the panel did not reveal their intentions . The attys who were there think that the case could go either way . We should know in 2-6 weeks .
Yes . The re line says dinner at Johnny Isbell's house . Can the kids come ?
Can you get me these two articles by Fri ?
I need this printed out on my stationary ASAP fri morning . Thanks
Bob---- are you now in charge of EBS---put another way are "You da Man"
The policy is to delete all e-mails after 30 days , unless they are stored in a folder . E-mails stored in a folder are erased after one year . The policy has many benefits . First it clears up computer storage space . The policy can also results in signifigant cost savings in litigation where a Judge has required the wholesale production of e-mails . Imagine if we were required to sift through and digest 12-24 months of e-mail traffic . This has happened to a number of companies in litigation the US ( who have subsequently changed their retention policies) . Frankly , the Microsoft antitrust case opened a lot of eyes to the dangers of not having a policy . In that case , the discovery by the Dept of Justice produced some very damaging e-mails that were later used to effectively cross-examine Bill Gates and others . It is unbelievable what some people will put in an e-mail that they would never dream of putting in a "written" document . As for your comment about the subsequent retrieval of deleted e-mails , I ( and Bob ) have been told many times that a deleted e-mail cannot be retrieved . Please check with your source . I am happy to discuss any questions you have about the policy .
Please schedule ameeting w/ me , Randy Maffett , Roland Tellis at Milbank and Steve Hamilton at Ecogas(if Randy says we need him ) to discuss the Waste Management case
Mike , Gary,and I are contacting the generators(Duke , Dynegy , Southern , Reliant , and Williams ) today to discuss their approaches . Should we contact any retailers ?
Please provide your comments asap
I did not get this
Are we still on for Sun night ? I will let you decide where we are going.--somewhere near you is fine . 6- 6:30 is best . We will be with the kids .
Janet Moore speaks very highly of Denise . please let me know if you have any interest .
I had some problems with the atty at Vinson & Elkins who I sent your file to originally . I sent it to Josh McMorrow at Bracewell & Patterson . He will be up to speed on Monday-- he is doing his homework on the corporate entities today . His telephone # is 713-223-2900 .
Please set up a call w/ me and Gary Grote(McConville's atty ) for early next week
Sounds good
After you signed off , we set up another meeting---Fri the 13th at 11 am . Letr me know if you can't make it .
Where can I get a copy of Ken Swaisland's guarranty . I want to send a demand letter .
The sixth line in the first paragraph still refers to a "limited" production . Otherwise the letter looks good . I am still waiting on Management so don't send yet .
ENA Management has signed off on the letter . OK to send . Thanks for all your hard work .
Please call me about this .
I am interested in buying tickets but I am unsure when I want to go---are the tickets for a date certain or are they open as to when I can use them?----- Forwarded by Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT on 10/08/2000 09:07 AM -----
I still have not received a copy of this .
Please handle if you have the time .
Are you kidding ? It is Columbus day-- there is no one to be found at the PUC .
I am not a big Soussan fan . Zimmerman would be best .
Another job well done(at least for ENA/ECT )
I have asked my paralegal , Linda Guinn , to get you this information .
I would much rather meet at a bar , but either Ballard or I will be there .
Max-- I asked Bonnie White to assist me on this matter because I have been swallowed up on another project . Bonnie is with the Enron Litigation Unit and spends most of her time on ENA litigation issues . I know what is happening and I am still very much involved . If a lawsuit is filed Ileana Blanco at Bracewell will be our trial atty . Her role is small at this stage .
Looks good . Call me when you have a second . 713-853-5587
Sorry Bob--too late , this case belongs to you . Seriously , I have asked Britt Davis to help me sort this out . He has been heading up the effort to ( finally ) get rid of this case
I don't know the Merit case . As for Badack , ENA has filed suit and moved for Summary Judgment on liability.The hearing will take place in the next month . On Thursday Oct 12th , I met with Badack's outside attys re settlement . Badack offered $2.375 mm . ENA's last offer was $5.0mm . We agreed to exchange additional offers . Is this update enough ?
Thanks for the resume: however , we are not in the market for a litigation paralegal .
Mark Haedicke and I would like to talk to her . Lauren Prescott sent her resume to Chuck Cheek and she is scheduled to talk to them . I have left a message with him to find out when Cheryl is going to be in the building . Please call Twanda Sweet to set up a time ( 853-9402 ) Please respond to makris
Could you please try to stay out of trouble .
Are you no longer involved ?
It is a fairly complicated matter---Britt Davis is in the best position to explain the status . He will call you .
FYI . Dow Jones had a story on our lawsuit .
I think we are in favor of the idea depending on what we buy . Frankly , the kids don't need anything there . What the house really needs are pots and pans . What is the suggestion ? I don't know when we are coming---our lives are too hectic right now . Give me a call when you get a second . I tried to call you today .
Please let Linda know what is happening .
I closed the Charles Schwab account that contained the Pedernales money becuase Schwab began charging a $15 per quater account fee . Does anyone have any suggestions about where to put it--other than in Doug Hester's college tuition . The account is up to(down to ) $8500 .
This message was garbled . Can you send it again ? To: Christian Yoder/HOU/ECT@ECT , steve.c.hall@enron.com , Richard Sanah Smith/HOU/EES@EES , Harry Kingerski/HOU/EES@EES , Dennis Benevides , Tim Subject: Proposed Answer of CMUA's Complaint As you have already heard , California Municipal Utilities Association filed a complaint with FERC asking for cost based rates . The following is a briefoutline of an EPMI/EES answer to the complaint . The answer is due Friday . Please send me any comments ASAP . ?  The complaint should be rejected because it wrongly assumes that the Commission has no option to ensure just and reasonable rates but to requirecost based rates because there is no low cost solution to the problems currently faced by the California markets . We should attach our white papeto our protest and state that the paper explains how these problems could bsolved at little or no cost to the customers . ?  I list here , for your information , the reasons CMUA claims that markets are not competitive ( these reasons will not be re-listed in the pleading) . ?  2000 prices greatly exceeded 1999 prices without regard to load . ?  zonal constrained prices , even in the off-peak hours , do not reflect competitive outcomes for low load conditions . ?  even small players can be price setters ?  The changes required are additional generation , transmission , and demandresponse and will cost tens of millions of dollars and take lengthy periodsof time to implement . ?  There is no evidence that markets will ensure just and reasonable rates ithe near future . ?  CMUA asserts that with the advent of electric restructuring , the Commission has increasingly allowed energy and ancillary services to be sold at market-based rates . However , CMUA is wrong in the context of the West wherthere has been market-based trading of electricity before electric restructuring , since the FERC approved the Western Systems Power Pool,scontract in 1991 . The Commission,s rules didn,t create the wholesale market in the past , the market did and it was running fine until it was messed up by certain market rules were imposed that are enumerated in our paper . The problem is not the market-based rates . The problem is the market rules . ?  CMUA,s motion does not address how market-based rates would be calculated for marketers that do not sell power from their own resources , let alone reflect the trading of basis points . Almost all of the power EPMI sells ispower it has bought from some other marketer or generator . Many of EPMIdeals are done through brokers such that EPMI does not find out the identitof the seller until after a deal has been struck . Accordingly , EPMI gets ninformation about the cost of the underlying generation . ?  If FERC doesn,t try to fix the market but simply takes away our market-based rates , since there,s is no basis for us to set cost based rates , we would go out of business . Besides there,s no reason to take away ourmarket-based rates because we are not exercising market power . So if FERCcould fix the problem with a less onerous solution ( as we,ve proposed in our white paper) , requiring cost-based rates would constitute a regulatory taking of our business and we would have to be compensated using the constitutionastandard . CMUA does not provide any expert testimony to support its position . Ratheits evidence is &drawn from materials prepared and testimony delivered by the California ISO and other public sources.8 Beyond the difficult evidentiissue posed by the fact that CMUA cannot swear to the veracity of information produced by third parties , EPMI would have no opportunity to conduct discovery or cross-examine of such &witnesses.8
All of Thursday morning is good . How long do you think this should take ? Lets meet Wed . at 3:00 . I'll hold both of these open until I hear from you .
Steve Allen at Buchanan Ingersol in Lexington KY .
Please arrange this
Do I really need a paragraph ? One word-----Litigation .
Wed . the 1st of Nov . is good . Same time and place ? Please respond to nlorentzatos
Can you attend the meeting and the conference call ?
Kevin Presto
What is this ?
no
I have set up a conference call at 11:30 on Monday to discuss .
FYI
The e-mail should suffice as an official policy . Let me know if you need anything more .
The answer is yes but I would like to hear from Barbara or Shonnie before I give you the go-ahead . Ladies ?
I have a trip to Portland scheduled for the 2nd and 3rd . What about the week of the 6th ? The 6th , 7th , and 8th are especially good .
Lisa-- this looks fine to me but you have a better feel for what you want . I would keep a close eye on the bill ( perhaps a maximum amount Millbank can bill )
Bonnie-- If you have not already done so , we should gather our documents Linda-- Please coordinate this effort
Bonnie white , an Enron inhouse litigator , and my paralegal , Linda Guinn , Will gather the requested documents . Linda--713-853-6104 , Bonnie---713-853-7244
My paralegal , Linda Guinn , will call you about this--- which is another way of saying "my dog ate my homework"
Although I would love to allow someone else the opportunity to participate in this project , it makes more sense for me to be the Enron rep . What do I need to do to begin the transition ?
The Joint Defense Agreement looks good,except for the application of Florida law . Have you looked at Fla . law ? With respect to limitations on possible claims , you have a good point . Please look at the limitations issue in light of what you know . An extensive review of the depositions doesn't seem warranted to me . I would also suggest we enter into a Tolling Agreement w/ Power systems ASAP . Call me to
This works for me-- please confirm if the call is going forward
The attachment opened
Yes . She is ex-Bracewell and I know her pretty well .
The 8th at 8:30 is good . The extension is fine as long as it is short .
You should now have both . If not , call my Asst , Twanda Sweet , at 713-858-9402
Call me about this
I cannot get into the system---please send me a paper approval sheet
Yes we won , but no we shouldn't change our response . The Judge sent us aletter with his rulings , but has not signed an official order . In fact , lasweek the judge heard the Plaintiff's motion to reconsider and stated that his letter was not an order . In light of this , I would leave the description thsame . Your thoughts ? To: Gary Peng/GPGFIN/Enron@ENRON Subject: Re: Litigation and Other Contingencies Disclosure Richard: I'm sure I must be wrong about this , but it was my understanding(second-hand hearsay , at best ) that the trial court ruled in our favor against class certification after remand from the Supreme Court . If I amindeed incorrect , sorry for wasting your time with this message--just disregard . Thanks , Rex . Gary Peng To: Rex Rogers/Corp/Enron@Enron cc: Subject: Re: Litigation and Other Contingencies Disclosure
I'm OK
yes
My title is Assistant General Counsel . Otherwise , the letter looks good . I asssume you will send me an original . Please respond to "Sandra Yamane"
Please make sure Gary and his people are included in interview process .
Although it is always a moving target when you try to interpret Randy's e-mails , when he says "more realistic" numbers , I think he is talking to you . I thought I heard that 1 ) Sterling's case was weak and 2 ) she has hired a more reasonable atty .
Can you look into this
Yes
yes . How much
yes
A qualified yes . It doesn't look to me that we have much choice . Remember--we were withholding freight as leverage to settle , which is a short term strategy at best . I am going to discuss it in detail w/ Britt Monday morning . I'll let you know if we come up with a better plan .
lets talk about this Wed
I have sent the contract and release to Pintail's atty . I expect to receive it back anytime now .
yes
The changes are fine .
Bonnie is an in-house litigator for Enron who needs Kevin for another lawsuit . Obviously , you will have access to him also .
Did you ever get an opinion from V&E ?
I forgot to put in a signature block . Otherwise , it looks good .
Just a note to say thanks for putting together the class reunion . We had a great time . It was nice seeing you and your kids .
whatever you want
The objections look good . I have asked our PR dept to comment on the letter to Harvey . I will get back to you when I have heard from them .
Everyone has signed off on the letter . Go ahead and send .
Don't send anything until we talk .
Please put me in line for a flu shot . I would like one as soon as they are available .
Lets have a conf . call w/ you , me , and Mike Day on Mon.morning .
The status of the case has not changed . On Monday the 27th the court will hear our Motion for Summary Judgement on liability . We expect to win . Badack is contesting the damages and we will be required to endure some discovery . I predict we will have a judgement that we can excecute on by the 1st Q . Badack has increased its settlement offer to $2.4 million . We have offered $4.5 million .
The only one I am aware of is Kimball,which Lisa is handling .
yes
Did you get everything you needed ?
Can you confirm that we corrected this ?
Sorry for the delay .
What information , if any , do we owe him ?
Please review and let me know if you have any comments .
Sorry for the delay in getting back to you . I have asked my asst , Twanda 713-853-9402 , to set up a call for tomorrow .
I agree that we should send such a letter . Also-- I talked to Mike Beatty and he is willing and able to serve as our party designate arbitrator . I told him that Neal would follow up with him on the details .
none
Looks good
In the three years I have been here , I am unaware of an ENA/ECT bad faith claim against any insurance company . Anyone else ? If so , please contact Michelle .
Address this to Robin Gibbs for my signature . Thanks .
As you can tell from the time of my e-mail , I am getting crushed . Please ask her to be the contact person .
I am sending you a letter from their atty . Call me to discuss .
Has Liz finished with gathering the documents ?
My first reaction to this meeting was pretty negative . It seems like alot of busywork . My second reaction was to recognize that Enron has a long term strategy of getting to know the insiders at AAA better , so there is some benefit to the meeting . However,there has to be a tightly controlled agenda or our business people(and lawyers ) will lose patience quickly . The transactional lawyer who is responsible for EnronOnline is Mark Taylor ext 37459 . I explained what was going on and he is expecting you call .
Call Bob's asst and see if I need to participate . I was supposed to be on the last call , which never happened .
Please coordinate the payment of the City of Vernon bill from my RC .
Wendall-- the litigation matter involving the City of Vernon needs to be broken out and sent directly to me.thanks
Can you call him about this ? I wouldn't worry too much about the tone of this letter or stepping on his toes . Jim overreacts at times .
I gave it to Linda Guinn 713-853-6104 . Unfotunately she has alot going on . Why next week ?
No . How about I call you at 4pm ? I only need 10 min .
Do you know this canidate from your Jackson Walker days ?
I have reviewed the response and I agree with the "home run" approach . I want to make sure that you and Robin are completely comfortable with this document since we may see it again .
Dont worry about getting the press reports . Our PR dept has that covered .
We are still in litigation with them . We are the plaintiff but we are not interested in pursuing it . The outside atty is Phil Bruns 650-8805 .
I have asked my paralegal , Linda Guinn , to look into the status of the bill and get back to you by Tues . Her direct no . is 713-853-6104 .
What do you think about Bill as a trading atty ?
I haven't talked to my boss about it yet- I need the right moment . I doubt that listing is us . By the way , thanks for the t--shirt .
This looks good to me .
Who are we designating ?
Where are we on this ?
How about lunch Wed , Thurs , or Fri ?
I don't know of any such claim/lawsuit/other .
Can you get this for him . Also--where is his office going to be and who is his sect/asst ?
Twanda is trying to find out .
Set up new matters .
Gail Brownfeld is leading up this effort . I have forwarded your message to her .
The deposition will not take place . I talked to the litigation manager at WM about settlement today . We are going to talk again Monday .
Ther is no such litigation .
Ther are no such claims or liabilities .
Did you ever have any doubt ?
Both letters look fine .
I think our response should be to engage in discussion if Grynberg is serious . We should know shorttly whether he is .
Yes
I would leave him a voicemail anyway .
206,500,000 . I'll send you a $10 check .
Please send our response to Euell to her,Vickie , and John Nowlan .
Bonnie--could you call him and find out what this is about ? Thx .
Linda Guinn is coordinating .
I have sent these to you
Please send Vickie a copy of our schedule w/ attys .
I received all off my documents from Wayne Gresham---so the answer is no .
Andy Edison ( andrew.edison.com ) will be the future rep . on this committee .
Andy Edison(andrew.edison@enron.com ) will represent Enron . He is out until Dec 27th .
Pay them .
I have signed several approvals for her but I am not sure why they are coming to me and not you---this must be proof that you are still under me on the org . chart and that I am still your boss .
Please prepare this letter asap
We should cc Pat Long
Looks fine .
Andy Edison will be helping you with this matter .
Berry should go to Lydecker
I agree
Are you handling this ?
The 18th w/ Sat possibility is better .
I sent the resume to Michelle Cash , who now heads up recruiting .
This is not a strong prospect .
Andy-- send those materials I gave you to Lisa . Jeff-please send all future pleading to her as well .
The main problem in getting him paid was that Blakes didn't send me his bill until Nov . We have processed the bill and he should have already received his money . I will call Larry today to apologize .
I never received this . Is it mine ? Subject: Service of process The following original documents , received today , have been forwarded foryour immediate review and consideration: Trustmark National Bank v . Freddy Martin )  EOTT Energy Operating , LP , Garnishee; No . 98-0183 , In the Circuit Court of Smith County , Mississippi . WRIT OF GARNISHMENT to EOTT Energy Operating Limited Partnership by processserver on 12/8/00 . PLEASE ADVISE IF NOT RECEIVED WITHIN 1 BUSINESS DAY . Thank you !  ! Becky A . Stephens Litigation Unit , Support Services Coordinator
I have attached an e-mail from Steve Howard , our atty in the NSM litigation . Schultes is the original CEO of NSM . Let me know if you are interested .
Any thoughts on this question ?
Knox---thanks for taking the time to consider Felix Todaro's case . I met Felix 10 years or so ago when he was referred to me through the Houston Volunteer Lawyers Program . Felix wanted a divorce and custody of his then 6 year old daughter . His wife had a drug problem and he did not think his daughter would be safe in her care , After a brief court case , he was awarded custody of his daughter who is now a student at Deer Park High School . Felix called me two years ago and asked if I could help him w/ his divorce from his second wife . Felix tried to go through the HVLP but was over their income threshold . I asked David Schwab(Elizabeth Dodge' husband ) at Bracewell to handle it as a favor to me . At the time , Felix had a job at a laundry company making an hourly fee--- he has since left that job and now works at a garage making $500(gross ) per week . He was unemployed for the first six months of 2000 and he has no assets . Felix and his second wife had a 2 year old daughter at the time of his second divorce . Although Felix seriously considered fighting for custody , he thought his second wife was a good mother and gave up the fight . Felix was named possessory conservator under his divorce decree . Felix agreed to pay child support and he tells me he is current . Shortly after their divorce , his ex-wife asked his permission to move to Iowa , where her family lived . Felix let her go . He has not seen his daughter in two years . Last month he heard that his ex-wife was dying of brain cancer and asked if he could see his daughter in Iowa . His mother in law denied him access . Last month his ex-wife died . I wrote a letter to the mother in law asking for the orderly transfer of the child to Felix . An attorney called me to inform me that the grandmother would resist . Obviously , I am not in a position to help Felix , but I was hoping that V&E would take on his case . Please let me know asap whether you can help .
I tried to call you this week about this , but I understand from your voicemail that you are out . Then I ran into Jeff and he said it was being handled and that there was nothing for me to do . I will be in Portland next week if you want to talk about this matter . As far as the request to Avista , I think that we should make such a request , preferably from our business contact--a short and sweet letter should do .
71 to Columbus . I-10 to Houston . Loop 610 south(right ) for about 5-7 miles(past the Galleria and Highway 59) . exit Bellaire Blvd(second exit after you cross over 59) . stay on the access road through the Bellaire exit . the next light past Bellaire on the access rd is Evergreen---take a right . We are on College st , which is the first street after the only stop sign on Evergreen . If you get to S . Rice you have gone too far on Evergreen . Turn right on College . We are the 3rd house on the left--546 College . Tel #
Any idea who this is ?
This is an ENA issue .
You should go to this .
As you will note from the attached e-mail , Bernard Glatzer is now pro se . It is only a matter of time until the case is over .
Thanks for your note . Let me know if their is anything I can do .
I have sent your VM to Andy Edison for handling .
I am scheduled to be in Portland this Wde and Thurs(the11th) . Sorry .
Do you have everything you need ?
What interest rate are we being charged ?
Call me when you have a second--713-853-5587
Britt-- I can't find them . Either Wayne Gresham or Gail Brownfeld has them .
Andy-- I am leaving for P{ortland this afternoon . Can you get w/Grant and address John's question
Where are we on this case ?
My asst , Twanda Sweet , will get them for you .
One of their litigators--Steve Smith-- is representing Duke International in a recently filed arbitration against ENA in which Duke seeks to cancel an LNG contract with ENA that is valued at $170 million . As you will recall , this representation was the reason that we did not meet with O'Melveny when we were in CA last month .
As you will note from the attached e-mail , the Quinque class action has been remanded to state district court in Hugoton Kansas . Robin Gibbs had always predicted that this was the likely result . We will now proceed with the battle over class certification in Kansas , which,unlike Texas , is not necessarily appealable . I will keep you posted. .
yes
Thanks . What do you mean by "seriously"
Please direct all future e-mails to "your vice-presidentship"
can you take care of these---I have no idea what this or the ones following are about . Should I deny the requests ?
Thank you and congratulations to you as well .
Are you getting this ? I would listen in on the first call , but these calls are worthless ( for you ) for the most part .
Have you talked to Felix ?
For your amusement---
Thanks again for your help .
I am in .
He mentioned some case he had before but I thought he told me he lost that case . He never told me that he would be filing anything . In fact , he asked me to write a letter outlining Felix's parental attributes because they were still looking at what to do .
I am sorry I am so late in getting back to you . It has been a rough week . It looks like SoCal Ed . and PG&E are really going to file for bankruptcy . We have been working around the clock to review all our contracts with them and attempt to minimize the damage . I will call you tomorrow to talk about how to get your team involved .
I approve .
you are now in charge
Yes . You pick me up .
All yours yes
I have asked Doug to set up a mediation
correction-- yes I know about it , no I don't need any help ( I think )
If it is your dad then ok but if I see you face in an infomercial , I'm going to be pissed
I just left you a message Callme 35587
My first choice is Carrin Patman or Bruce Oakley at Bracewell--Tel . no . 713-223-2900 . My second choices are Ron Welch and Knox Nunnally at Vinson And Elkins #713-758-2222 . Lastly , Barrett Reasoner at Gibbs and Bruns #713-650-8805 . Of course if TransCanada is already a defendant , I might recommend different counsel depending on which judge they drew . If Duane has any questions please have him call me at 713-853-5587 .
Becky-- have we been served with this case ? I have not received it .
Whatever happened to this ?
There are two lawsuits against ECT pending in LA dictrict court in California.The plaintiffs are Legg Mason and Farrallon . They did not give us releases . The other plaintiffs have either given us releases or decided not to sue us(the statute of limitations has probably already run as well ) I will be happy to answer any other questions .
Can your LA office get a copy of this ?
I had a long conversation w/ Brian Glasser and Bruce Americus yesterday about the Eastern case . Here are some comments Bruce made in light of our discussions . Call me if you would like the more detailed download .
I have called you 5 times for lunch . Don't you know how important I am ?
All future correspondence should be addressed to "your vice-presidentship"
Twanda-- send our report to Bob as well
Sempra is the parent of Southern Cal . Gas . It has no relation to So Cal Edison .
You can give the opinion .
I want you to run the call at 1 pm
Steve Howard's attachment outlines Farrallon's claims against Enron .
We have been asked to join in this filing . Any thoughts ?
I have been buried with your state's energy crisis and have not had a chance to look at it . I would like to go to dinner on the 7th . Do you want to meet w/ McConville while you are here ? 
Thanks for your help . Did you ever talk to Jim/ Rob about how to handle international ? Should we set up a meeting like we discussed ?
It should . I am not sure what game they are playing . Maybe it allows them to argue their block forward positions should not be liquidated because PG&E is not in default to the PX .
Any day this week
Why don't we file a lawsuit in state district court in Houston , serve them , and wait for their counsel to appear or take a default . We need to force them to respond . Let me know what you think .
I just left Derrick a voicemail so I should have an answer shortly .
Out of Florida would be better(Atlanta ) but Miami is fine . I can't speak to whether Fla law is good or not . Sorry .
Refer him to me
What is this case ?
Did you send this ?
Did this happen ? If so I RSVP no .
Andy Edison at Enron knows about this . Please call him at 713-345-7105
Is this still an active case ? If so , I'd like to get a status report . Who is handling(inside and outside )
Is this still an active case ? If so , I'd like to get a status report and include it on my report to Derrick . Who is handling(inside and outside )
please put on the report you are doing
Do I need to get involved ?
At lunch two weeks ago , I promised to send you something . I forgot what it was .
Lunch this week ?
Here is Duke's letter to the PX . It looks like a draft but it was sent .
Here is the info about the FERC conf . call today .
for your handling
I still don't know of any bad faith claims
Our CA counsel will answer for all Enron entities
Linda Guinn will get this info for you .
You should go .
Friday is good . I will call you .
This came to me last week . I think it is a repeat of the previous letter . Do you need to disclose it .
FYI
Make sure you send these messages to Andy Edison
Yes . What is your thinking on why they think it will only take one day ? Also-- who is the nuetral ?
It looks like McConville can come on Wed night to spend Thurs . and 1/2 of Fri w/ you . Call me .
I am getting the lasik eye surgury on Fri and will have bandages on my eyes .
I am meeting w/ John tomorrow . You are welcome to join .
Linda Guinn will call you about item #3
Britt Davis of the Enron Litigation Unit is looking at it
Did you get this from Jean ?
Can one of you call him . Jim Steffes says he has told Jim that he can help in the lawsuit .
The 27th is a Tuesday so I am not sure what date you meant . I am free the
Put this trial date in the Derrick report
yes
All these dates are good .
Tues , Wed , and Thurs are good . Wed is best .
I talked to John Barr at Bracewell and asked him to get in touch w/ the Power System attys and find out what is going on . More to come .
How about around lunchtime ? Seriously,12 is good . Where ?
Gary---I think you should write the PX a letter asking:1 ) where this $ went , 2 ) whether the Core performance bond has been paid and where that $ went,3 ) whether the State has paid them any $ for the block forward positions , 4 ) has a claim been made on the CTS performance bond and is it still active given the State's action , 5)How did they calculate the $17mm chargeback they sent us , 6)what other $ has been collected to minimize the chargebacks If anyone has anything else they think we should ask the PX please send Gary and me a note .
We have no objection
Are we set this week ?
Sorry for the delay , but we can't make it . Very busy and important you know . What about next weekend(fri )
Friday
Looks good . I would send it from me to Lisa Urrick at the PX instead . What do you think ?
Enron's press flak is Eric Thode 713-853-9053
Looks good .
I approve
I will attend . Don't ask me for any $ .
In spite of the raging litigation , I agree with Bob . I am not very interested .
Frankly , I don't remember it . Ask Linda .
Are we sure this is an investment and not the name of their earnings strategy
I would involve Michelle Cash or someone in Enron Corp who deals with labor/employment issues . I am surprised this issue has not come up before .
I told Sandy that this looked fine to me but I am not a trasactional lawyer . I just want to make sure you know the obvious: Intratex has the Beeson case attached to it so we nedd to maintain our ability to bankrupt or otherwise separate this company from Mother Enron .
I am scheduled to be in London next week . I would like to sit down and talk to you about this .
May I please have a flat screen ?
I have called TVA's in house counsel to determine how the press learned about the settlement . here is theconfidentiality provision.----- Forwarded by
It is really not the record retention policy that drives this decision , it is the open subpoena from the CPUC and the fact that we have been sued . Gary Fergus is going to draft a memo for your signature .
Can you send them the info please
Ben Jacoby 713-853-6173
Unfortunately , I will not be coming after all ( it looks like we have it covered w/Jim,Robin Gibbs , and Mary Nell ) However , I would like to sit down with you at some point and discuss Europe's litigation management strategy . Hope all is well .
Please send this to Mark Manela by e-mail . Mark--- thanks for the gift but as I indicated in my voicemail to you last week , Enron's policy forbids me to accept this gift . Thanks again .
We have been sued in Cleveland . Do you know any good commercial litigators ? Boutiques are fine .
Robin or Jeff----Please call me after this conf . call and let me kow whether there are any developmments .
please let Ann K./ Barbara G . know about this case
Ronny's response was that he didn't know how he would break the news to his 84 millionaires that they would be splitting $250,000 . If only he knew how hard it was to get that paltry sum out of Enron . Although I did not talk to him , Haedicke tells me that Jim Derrick was very hesitant about making any offer . Given Jim"s attitude and Ronny's flippant response , I doubt very seriously that we will be pushing settlement---certainly I won't be . Press on .
If we are ever going to pursue this lawsuit , we should do it soon . Where do the traders stand on pricing/ MTM exposure ?
Thanks . I have no idea why Enerson is being so panicky .
That all depends on your definition of the word"job." It was actually anticlimactic---Mark told Bob he needed to stick around on some of the old EI litigation , a fact we already knew . Are you at the Sempra deposition . how is it going ?
When is the dinner ? Iam free the 16th ,  23rd and 24th
Sorry,I can't make it .
Don't forget to call . My curiosity level is high . 713-853-5587
Sounds good . How much T&E does Bruce have left ?
Does anyone know which atty is working on this ?
Which atty is working on this ?
John Odam has asked me to go to lunch w/ his new partners . Would you like to go ? If not , how interested are you in sending them work ? I think John is a great guy but he did a marginal job representing EBS on some litigation I was managing .
I am checking
This memo looks good .
I cannot make it the 6th . The 5th is fine
The 4th looks good for now
Please make arrangements to leave on the afternoon of the 4th and return the morning of the 6th . I will stay at the Marriott .
We are ok with the representation
I will be out of the office next week on Spring Break . Can you participate on this call ? Please report what is said to Christian Yoder 503-464-7845 or Steve Hall 503-4647795
What is the status of this ? I agree with your analysis . However,If the core performance bond has been paid or otherwise extinguished and the CTS bond in no longer operable because of Davis' actions , then why is the PX holding on to our collateral ? Is that question now before FERC ? What happens if we lose at FERC---do we still have an argument worth pursuing here ? I would like your and Gary's thoughts .
There is a conference call on Monday that I have asked the Quinn Emanuel folks to participate in.If anyone else wants to participate , contact Bill Urquhart . I am out on Spring Break but can be reached at 713-410-6128 or
I am sending you a copy of the subpoena "served" on Glanville . I have just left him a voicemail to confirm , but the last time I talked to him he told me this subpoena had been sent to Reliant's legal dept . You will notice that it is only signed by Dickstein Shapiro , not a Texas court reporter . I doubt it is effective . Feel free to call Glanville if you like . His no . is on the document . Gary Grote called yesterday to tell me that Kevin was "served" last Sat the 3rd . I have asked Gary to send me a copy and Linda Guinn will be following up with him . Linda's no . is 713-853-6104 . Gary Grote's no . is 713-650-3131 . Of course you can always call Kevin . I am on spring Break but am checking messages . My cell no . is 713-410-6128 .
I took an online course last month and would like to take another . I have forgotten my password/id and I can't login . Can you send me an enail with this info . Also-- I have lost the course # for the seminar I took last month entitled " Ethics For Inhouse Lawyers" which was a 3 hour course . Could you send me this ? Thank You
I need you to take the lead in devising a strategy for how EPMI should respond to these requests . I will send you another on that Lisa Urick at the PX sent to me .
In devising a strategy , it would be helpful to know what requests are out there . Can you get someone to put together the best list we can ?
I need to get the form to show compliance , but I cannot get it online--I cannot remember all my passwords . Can you get this form for me ? Thx .
Please put this in our database
I know you have worked hard on this so I hate to start with a complaint........but this announcement is not the greatest . First , there is no link on the e-mail to make the trip to the site easy . Secondly , I tried the website address on several occasions with no luck . I am now giving up .
Thanks for the update . Andy will be handling this one .
I know of no reason why we could not deliver this opinion .
When I try to approve this , I get a message that the approval was already assigned to Michelle Cash . What gives ?
When you RSVP to the Enron Legal Conf , our company no . is 0413 and our SAP/rc is 105656
I notice that Chris Healy and his partner are going to argue the motion to stay . Are we ok with this ? Also--could one of you call me after the conf . call and let me know if anything important is discussed .
Yes---Dave Weiner at Hahn Loeser , 216-241-2824 . I am not sure I want to coordinate that much , at least yet . Key Corp refused to wave conflict for several other firms and I still think I might be able to talk my way out of it . Do you think that if I went to Cleveland and talked to Schultes , perhaps with a business person , that we could get out ?
Thanks
If you want to be on the plaintiffs
yes
I found these in an old unused directory
Looks good
I am available--what are we meeting about ? 
We have no plans for the weekend of the 20th . Why not bring them all . We can get babysitters to help if we go out(which I am sure we will ) As for the Perd , we are definitely coming . I invited John and Yvonne but they cannot come . Doug and Susan may be coming . Someone needs to call Steve and Jane Ellen---would you do this . We will come Fri . morning . I have read your explanation of when you are coming and what this Easter egg hunt is all about two times and I cannot make heads or tails of it .
Are you handling this ?
what is this case ?
I agree
Now I remember . Call me if you get this in the next 20 minutes .
Please make sure my Cont . onepass account is credited and my Marriott rewards account .
My check is on the way .
What are you planning on doing with them ?
I am traveling to LA on Tuesday and will not be back until late Wed . night. ( Plus , your sister lives way the hell out of town ) Any other time you are available ? I'd love to show off my kids .
Can we talk about this when you have a second ?
Did you do this ?
Did we ever destroy these tapes ? Also-- I am assuming that NGX is well covered and that you don't need any help . If not , please let me know . Perhaps I can get info from Mark Powell--by the way is there some sort of fashion trend in Canada invoving shaved heads ?
Have you met Mark Powell from Canada ? You should make a serious effort to get to know him since you are Mr Canada . He is here for 3-4 weeks more learning about the Home Office .
What gives ?
The draft Response looks good .
Milberg Weiss is the main plaintiffs' counsel . They are a well known ( and good ) securities class action plaintiffs firm . The John O'Quinn of LA---Tom Girardi-- is the plaintiffs' atty in the somewhat related gas cases . These are not PI types per se , but more commercial litigation plaintiffs firms .
Sounds great . If you are going there from your office I might want to catch a ride . If not , I got the directions and will see you there .
There are no issues with making the litigation reps and warranties .
Jim-- Andy Edison is getting up to speed on the matters he did not already know about We should be in a position to meet with you next week . I have also scheduled a meeting with you for next week to talk about NSM counsel and California .
Andy Edison is handling this matter . His extension is 57105 .
I am not sure why , but I would like a copy of the opinion--- probably for the same reason I slow down in my car to look at an accident .
file it but check w/Carl Ekland at Leboef in Denver to make sure we understand the risk
looks fine
Is it still April fools day ?
What I meant to say is this request by Rebecca that Duke pay for her atty and be allowed to interview her has to be someone's idea of an April Fools joke
Andy Edison is handling cc: Lisa Robichaux/ENRON@enronXgate Subject: Service of Process Please see attached memo .
This looks good to me
my response is the same
For you to handle
I will be with Michelle in South America
By copy of this e-mail , I have asked my Asst , Twanda Sweet , to set up a meeting with your team , Andy , and me to talk about it .
That was our original plan---at this point I have no way of knowing---but I would guess that we would be arriving Fri morning . My life is not my own right now because of the crisis in California . Last night , I was named as the Enron rep . to the Pacific Gas & Energy creditors committee--a totally thankless and time-consuming job . I may be leaving for CA tonight . Either way , Julie will be ther on Fri .
Please handle
3's all around
I would like a spot
Thanks for your e-mail . Since I talked to Jim , I have been sucked into the California energy crisis and am not concentrating on the workouts just yet . I will let you know if we should talk at a later date . I have also forwarded your e-mail to several other attys
Thanks for your help on this . I have asked Twanda to set up a meeting to talk about all the matters you have and the potential insurance coverage for the Cleveland case .
I have asked Andy to be your contact on this
I gave this to Gail to handle . She in turn is getting Bob Vote to handle . In the documents I received yesterday , I only saw an application for writ of garnishment , not a signed order--do you have one ?
I gave you what I thought were 4 copies of this pleading yesterday and sent what I thought was 1 copy to Bob Vote . As it turns out , there may have been separate garnishments against several Enron entities . Please get Bob to track this down .
I have called Jim
That depends on what this is---I can't tell from the e-mail . I have asked Gail to follow up with you and Bob
I am reviewing my ethical obligations to see if I can pounce on this reward . Steve Hall Sent by: "Report mailer problems to Please respond to Steve Hall
Lets talk about it
The report was not attached
Andy Edison , ext 57105 , is now handling the HEOF litigation .
Have you seen this ?
I can answer almost all things California---but I don't know what I am supposed to do(and I don't want to write anything ) I'll wait to hear from you .
Sounds good
As you can see,I have stepped up my level of coordination with PGE legal on California . Let me know if you here anything else from Stan Horton .
This is good news---for once .
Your resume was not attached to your e-mail . I don't have any openings in Enron Wholesale , but I will send your resume around .
I have asked my asst , Twanda Sweet , to set up a call w/you to talk about this
The timing for bringing in Quinn Emanuel is all wrong . We need to get through some procedural motions and see where we are before we add a firm .
Thurs of next week looks good
Looks good . I would call him before you send it .
Can you take care of this ? My understanding is that we should send this to El Paso .
I am ok .
Is this you ?
Make sure you tell Scwartzenberg . I hear he is kinda a pain in the ass .
If PG&E's LOCs are related to the now cancelled long term power trades , they clearly should not be renewed . What are the SCE LOCs for ?
Can you get your asst to set up a call with Kathy for Wed , Thurs , or Fri ? Thanks
I will leave this to llgm .
You have this--right ?
Harry---Please find out exactly what they are filing---get a copy of it if possible and lets set up a conference call to discuss .
I have asked my asst , Twanda Sweet , to set up a conf . call on this for Friday . Jim is right--we need to be prepared for anything . Bill- I heard today that PG&E has sent us a letter or otherwise communicated to us that they are looking for a letter from us on valuation and are going to challenge our setoffs . Any news ?
Please set up a call for tom.morning .
Please set up a call for Fri afternoon
You are a wonderful boy and you are welcome .
If I am giving you too much info , let me know .
I am confused . I asked that the $720 be billed to my acct at the Houstonian---but I do not know my member # . Is Kidventure going to get the # from the Houstonian or do I need to do something ? Please let me know .
I am thinking about coming from Houston for this meeting--- depending on the agenda . What is the agenda ?
I did not get an attachment ALEXANDERSON/ENRON@enronxgate , Jim Armogida/ENRON@enronXgate , Michelle Blaine/ENRON@enronXgate , Gail Brownfeld/ENRON@enronXgate , Jan Harris/ENRON@enronXgate , Elizabeth Labanowski/ENRON@enronXgate , Bruce Lundstrom/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT , Marc Communications , Douglas Nichols/ENRON@enronxgate , Janet Rex Rogers/ENRON@enronXgate , Molly Sample/Houston/Eott@Eott , Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT@ECT , Frank Sayre/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT , John@SMTP@enronXgate , Vicki Sharp/HOU/EES@EES , StephenWilliams/ENRON@enronXgate , Randy Young/NA/Enron@Enron , Walt cc: There were no changes to the Weekly Report . Michelle Lawless
I will hold off on contacting Charles Bone , the influential Ten . atty we talked about , until I hear from you that we need him to call the Ten . AG .
I thought there was a pre-meeting at 9:00 am ?
I did not participate in the call last week because I thought it was only concerning financial consultants . Shortly before the meeting,a more detailed agenda arrived by e-mail(which may be par for the course but I find irritating) . Please find out 1 ) what was decided and 2 ) what is the agenda for tues . Thanks
This letter looks fine . Please send me a hard copy .
In case you did not have this,Fairbanks is our contact re stolen property . Freddie took the property
Please find out what is happening
Are you coming to the Enron Legal Conf. ? I would really like to sit down with you and talk about the strategy for managing Enron Europe's litigation .
Please follow up asap .
Please arrange
For some reason , I can't open the attachment .
Jim and Mark --- Gail and Ross Rommel at A&K did a nice job on this .
I would be interested in how to prevent LC's from being paid .
Twenty percent of the golfers always drop out at the last minute and you end up with more threesomes than foursomes . You should reconstitute the teams . There are three benefits: play is faster,teams are more balanced,and you get to know more people .
It all depends on what the letter says---but I am sure it is fine . I am here this am .
Howard-- I strongly disagree with your conclusions about the retention of the Greenberg firm on the commandeering litigation . When we originally hired Greenberg , we heard from their litigation and bankruptcy counsel for 30 minutes--5 minutes on their inverse condemnation experience. . Some in the group thought that they were the right choice over , for example , Andrews & Kurth , because the issues in the the Px bankruptcy would be more focused at the courthouse than at FERC . I clearly think we made the right call in this regard . However at the time we made the choice , I made the comment , which I am sure all of you remember , that if we were going to choose litigation counsel we should go out and hire the absolute best counsel for the job . If that happened to be Greenberg firm---great---but they would have to interview like the rest . The fact that they have done research doesn't mean they get the job . That research is transferable.This is a billion dollar issue for the group . Enron does not hire attys for cases of that magnitude unless we are absolutely sure they are the best there is . I have talked to the attys for both Mirant and Reliant and they agree with my position . I think we need to talk about this at length .
I am available .
I noticed from the attached report that the ExxonMobile case is set for trion June 25th . Since I have not heard from Jim Armogida or you about the casI have assumed that you have it covered and that Corp has determined that the potential liability lies at the Corp level . If this assumption is wrong , please let me know asap .
Thanks . Frankly , at this point , it is anyone's guess how this will develop . Given your distance to Spokane , Is there a local counsel that you would recommend---one with good ties to Jugde Whaley .
This looks good to me .
The Intratex disclosure looks fine . Check with Rex Rogers about what he wants to do about disclosing California litigation risk .
Looks fine .
Please do not send me any other solicitation .
I called her twice but never heard back from her . If she is not calling you , I say let sleeping dogs lie . Have you heard anything ?
I don't know them . Anyone else ?
The meeting has been cancelled . There will be a conf . call on Thurs .
Give me some details on the prices and I will run it by our traders .
Any thoughts ?
As I indicated in my VM , I will be in LA early Tues morning . Would you like to talk about the isuues before your meeting--or would you like me to go ?
I never got this . Does it belong to me ?
Me too !
You know Mark Haedicke well . The meeting on the 9th has been cancelled in favor of the Thurs call .
I will be in LA LA land
The Beeson description in the "Litigation" section in fine . I have also reviwed the description of the California crisis and it looks good . I have asked Gail Brownfeld to review the India description .
Please put me on the same schedule as Bob Williams
I will take a spot .
Twanda Sweet will coordinate with you to get the dial in number. .
Yes
How about 8 am PSTon Fri ? I will call you .
This looks fine .
Are you available ?
I approve .
I did not get the attachment .
Should we set up a meeting next week w/ the coal guys and Indiana counsel ? Do you want me to come ?
I will not be attending .
It looks like I will be joining you and Charna in LA on June 6th . I heard from Steve , you or Charna ( I think ) that the meeting was scheduled for one-half day . That may be enough time , but if you are coming all the way from Cleveland , we should make good use of this time . I think we should schedule an entire day . Let me know your schedule . I have forwarded Larry Oscar's letter regarding Durrel Metal Products/Sterling foundrey to Mike Smith and Bob Williams(713-646-6412 ) at EES.Bob is my counterpart at EES Let me know if they fail to respond .
I would like to attend if possible . If not--good luck .
I have asked my asst , Twanda Sweet , to set up a meeting w/ you , Jeff Dasovich , Jim Steffes , Mike Kirby and Robin Gibbs for Monday or Tues . regarding the strategy to deal with Sen . Dunn . Should we include anyone else ?
Is it too late to take credit for this ?
These folks should also be on the Sen . Dunn call
No thanks .
Just a late note to say thanks for taking a few minutes to meet w/ my friend Richard Gruber a couple of weeks ago---he described it as a productive meeting .
Is it too late to help you on your antitrust question ? I am around all week .
Just a quick note to say thanks for hooking up with my brother Steve . He is a pretty talented guy and I hope he can help you out .
Can you forward me some information regarding the French firm we discussed last week ?
I asked my asst to set up a meeting w/ you ( it has been set up for the 22nd) . I am trying to get a better handle on the Neg CTC's--how they are earned/accrue . She should have set it up for your office . I will come to you .
Can you give me a quick update that I can send to John Nowlan re Vinmar and the other case ( I cannot remember the name of the case )
After your arbitration is over , can you give me a quick ( and short ) update on Pacific Virgo that I can forward to John Nowlan .
Two Questions for you Mike: 1 ) What relationship does Sen . Dunn have W/ Aguirre or Milberg Weiss---has hein the recent past , or is he now joint venturing cases with them ? 2 ) Does the Lt . Gov have any ability by reason of his office to get access to the materials given to Sen . Dunn .
Both
I admit that this is a little unclear--sorry . Obviously , I am heading up the overall CA litigation strategy for Enron . Robin Gibbs in Houston is our lead trial counsel in all the CA cases . He is out of Houston . Mike Kirby was hired as local counsel in the San Diego cases , but both Robin and I have been impressed with his judgment and we would like to expand his role a bit . I have asked him to lead the Sen Dunn response but he is coordinating closely with me and Robin . Is this as clear as mud ?
What position should I take ?
thanks .
Enron opposes the official ratepayers committee .
Two names:John Quinn at Quinn Emanuel and Susman Godrey(LA and Houston office )
Thanks for your response .
I am planning on attending .
Call me when you get a second--713-853-5587
I need to talk to you confidentially about something---can you correspond by e-mail ? If not , call me 713-853-5587
After further reflection , I do not think I am the right person to call David Boies . Can you assign the task to another person ?
1 pm my time . I will call you . Is that still good ?
yes Yes , if I am in town--- I may be in LA .
I think I will be out of town---can you attend Andy ?
approved
Thanks for your quick response . I have relayed this information to my friend and am waiting .
Yes . Please talk to me about the schedule .
Thanks
Thanks Stuart Zisman 05/21/2001 02:15 PM To: Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Subject: Gordon Grimes I spoke with Gordon . The assets that he knew about were ones that we have already looked at . I was very nice and told him that I was appreciative of his notifying us about them . I owe him a call to tell him whether we are still pursuing these projects or whether we have given up on them . Gordon wanted to be sure that we had no interest before bringing these projects to his other clients' attention . Stuart
I need Linda Guinn To have VP authority to approve invoices as outlined below .
I need Linda Guinn To have VP authority to approve invoices as outlined below .
FYI
John Quinn , one of our ( many)litigators in California was approached by David Boies' firm about getting involved in the Quinque matter . He called me , learned that we were a defendant , and declined Boies' offer to get involved . I have attached the Boies firm response . I think the danger of allowing the Quinn Emmanuel firm to get involved far outweighs the benefit of getting a release . The release may be shortlived . Enron could be added to Quinque or a Quinque copycat by another Plaintiffs atty . Furthurmore , their involvement in Quinque could result in the development of evidence adverse to our position in the Grynberg case . What are your thoughts ?
I approve
FYI
Please note that a conference call is scheduled for tomorrow at 10:00 am ( cst ) re California . The dial in number is 800-998-2462 , passcode 5268429
I approve
Other than the Taub case , I don't know of anything . Linda ?
By copy of this e-mail , I have asked Linda Guinn(713-853-6104 ) to get you a copy of the McConville consulting agreement asap .
The conflicts are not apparent to me . Please follow up .
Give me a call when you get a second .
What about lunch today(fri )
Is that going to do it ?
As you will note , Robin has made some use of the Lockyer statements .
Please call Mcgrath TODAY and give him an update and our apologies .
I did not get a copy of the case .
I have asked my asst , Twanda Sweet , to set up a meeting on Tues re this issue . I will include Mike Day . Is there anyone else that should be in this meeting---EES legal ?
I have hard copies that I will send to you by interoffice mail .
I need to get the attached info to assist with the CA litigation . Who should I call ?
FYI
please print this out so that I can understand it
Maybe-- let me switch a meeting or two-- I'll call you back .
Please evaluate Andy Edison . I value your input .
Other than the Taub case , I don't know of anything . Linda ? Andrew Edison@ENRON 05/24/2001 06:35 PM To: Charles Cheek/Enron@EnronXGate , Robert Vote/Enron@EnronXGate , Eileen Kisluk/Enron@EnronXGate , Britt Davis/Enron@EnronXGate , Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT@ECT , Bonnie White/ENRON@enronXgate cc: Subject: HPL Deal Please take a look at this e-mail and let me know if you are aware of anything . Thanks .
What about lunch today(fri ) "Ileana Blanco" 05/24/2001 03:45 PM To: cc: Subject: Just checking in Are things settling down for you ? Do you want to do lunch after the Investiture on the 31st ? Ileana . P.S . My frontal lobes are killing me.....Do you happen to know any . ...... ?
Is that going to do it ?
As you will note , Robin has made some use of the Lockyer statements .
Please call Mcgrath TODAY and give him an update and our apologies .
I did not get a copy of the case . "Fergus , Gary S." 05/24/2001 11:51 AM To: "Andy Pickens ( E-mail)" ,  "Barrett H . Reasoner ( E-mail)" ,  "David J . Noonan ( E-mail)" ,  "Jean Frizzell ( E-mail)" ,  "Michael L . Kirby ( E-mail)" ,  "Michael Molland" ,  "Mike D . Smith ( E-mail)" ,  "Peter Meringolo" ,  "Richard B . Sanders Esq . ( E-mail)" ,  "Robert C . Williams ( E-mail)" ,  "Susan Bisop ( E-mail)" cc: Subject: New Case on Unfair Competition In case you have not seen this case , it talks about class certification of unfair competition claims in California -- even allows a national class based upon California Law . Thanks Gary This email message is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s ) and may contain confidential and privileged information . Any unauthorized review , use , disclosure or distribution is prohibited . If you are not the intended recipient , please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original message . To reply to our email administrator directly , send an email to postmaster@brobeck.com
I have hard copies that I will send to you by interoffice mail . Kathy Neal/ENRON@enronXgate Sent by: Ramona Perkins/ENRON@enronXgate 05/21/2001 02:28 PM To: Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Subject: Missing 2000 YE Evaluations URGENT URGENT URGENT URGENT You have been identified as a supervisor who has not completed a 2000 year end evaluation form for some of your employees . Please review the following names and take a moment to complete an evaluation form for your employees . Please note that it is extremely important for all employees , that go through our PRC process , to have an original signed evaluation form IN THEIR PERSONNEL FILE . If you have ANY questions , please contact me at ext . 5-7803 or my assistant , Ramona Perkins at ext . 5-8165 . Thank You .
FYI
please print this out so that I can understand it
I have done it but not until this morning . You may want to call him . Also-Novack and Williams have not completed reviews . Michelle Blaine/ENRON@enronXgate 05/24/2001 01:28 PM To: Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Subject: prc Hey Richard-I'm just following up to tell you that I want to take Bruce Lundstrom off my review list and ass John Guidry who is a client , since Bruce is already on the PRC anyway . How do I do that ? Regards , Michelle
Maybe-- let me switch a meeting or two-- I'll call you back . "Ileana Blanco" 05/25/2001 08:29 AM To: cc: Subject: Re: Just checking in Great if we can go early--around 11:30 ? Let me know . Ow , the pain , the pain....... .
Call Guidry . Bruce is probably relieved he doesn't have to complete another form . I also left you a VM on the propsed McCartney trip . I need you to coordinate through Stephanie so we can get the dates set in stone . Michelle Blaine/ENRON@enronXgate 05/25/2001 08:25 AM To: Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Subject: RE: prc I haven't completed any of mine . Our understanding down here is that we got an extension . Do you mean call Guidry or Lundstrom ? Do I need to do something on line ?
Please evaluate Andy Edison . I value your input .
What's up ?
Is that # right ? What gives ?
What's up ?
Is that # right ? What gives ? Andrew Edison@ENRON 06/02/2001 10:53 AM To: Eileen Kisluk/Enron@EnronXGate , Rob Cole/Enron@EnronXGate cc: Michelle Cash/HOU/ECT@ECT , Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT@ECT Subject: Tom Hall Lawsuit I have settled the Ecogas/Enron/Randy Maffett lawsuit . No need to thank me,just send me gifts . Seriously , I talked this morning with Tom Hall and we agreed that Ecogas would pay him $53,000 . Hall has agreed to release Enron , Ecogas , Maffett and every affiliate , related party and subsidiary . He will also release any and all patent issues . The goal is for him to move on with his life and for us to move on as well . I have asked Doug Daniels to prepare the settlement papers reflecting such an agreement .
Is this guy a problem for us in the litigation ? I can talk to the Duke attys re preserving Enron's proprietary info .
I haven't heard anything . Could it be that Bill was overstating his position ?
I will be there .
I am scheduled to go to the Lakers game . Sorry .
These are all the ones I am aware of .
Fergus and Gibbs .
Have we received a settlement offer ? I saw Kevin Presto yesterday and he asked me about it . Lets talk today .
Sorry for the late reply . You are correct about the policy .
Has this been set ? Who is coming ? What is the agenda ?
Thanks
Forget Boies and Weiss
Anything more on this ?
FYI Thanks .
I haven't heard anything . Could it be that Bill was overstating his position ? Sandra McCubbin@ENRON 06/04/2001 03:51 PM To: Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Subject: lockyer I have heard nothing more about a grand jury..have you learned anything more ?
I will be there . Robert C Williams/ENRON@enronXgate 06/04/2001 02:33 PM To: Vicki Sharp/HOU/EES@EES , Kathy Dodgen/HOU/EES@EES cc: Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT@ECT Subject: RE: UC/CSU meeting Kathy , can you send me the info about the meeting ? Thanks .
According to his deposition , Kevin is "exploring other opportunities."
Fergus and Gibbs . Robert C Williams/ENRON@enronXgate 05/31/2001 04:16 PM To: Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Vicki Sharp/HOU/EES@EES Subject: AG Subpoena EES has received a subpoena from the AG . What outside counsel is advising us about these ? Fergus ? Molland ?
Delaware is fine .
all 3's . She wasn't bad . Becky Spencer 05/30/2001 04:44 PM To: Michelle Cash/HOU/ECT@ECT , Diane Goode/NA/Enron@Enron , Andrew Edison/NA/Enron@Enron , Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Subject: Comments Needed - Lisa Wynters 5/25 and 5/29 Your comments are needed for Lisa Wynters who sat in for Twanda Sweet on 5/25 and 5/29 . Please return as soon as possible . Thank you!-Becky Initiative Cooperation Punctuality Attendance Quality of Work Would you request this person again Y/N ? Comments:
Sorry for the late reply . You are correct about the policy . Limor Nissan/ENRON@enronXgate 05/29/2001 01:01 PM To: Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Subject: Question re: Email retention policy Hi Richard , Someone made an inquiry to me regarding the policy . It is my understanding that if email is not deleted or copied into a word document in order to avoid deletion , then it will be ( or should be ) destroyed automatically after the expiration of the retention period . We have been telling our people to only move information from Outlook to Word documents if they feel that they need to retain it for more than the appropriate retention period . Please let me know if this is consistent with the policy . Thanks , and hope all is well with you . Enron Global Markets 520 Madison Avenue New York , NY 10022 Tel: 212.715.5283 Fax: 212.715.5608
Has this been set ? Who is coming ? What is the agenda ? "Barrett H . Reasoner" 05/25/2001 02:36 PM To: "'Sanders , Richard'" cc: Subject: meeting with experts What looks better for you: June 11-12 or 12-13 ?
Thanks Andrew Edison@ENRON 05/25/2001 01:54 PM To: Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Subject: New Lawsuit I have just learned that we have been sued in a case styled Earnestine Neptune v . Charles Thompson , Enron Corp. , and Enron Corp . d/b/a Houston Pipeline Company , Cause No . 2001-21283 , in the 333rd District Court of Harris County , Texas . The lawsuit was filed on May 7 , 2001 , and Charles Thompson ( an Enron employee ) was served on May 23 , 2001 . This case is a car wreck negligence case in which the plaintiff is claiming back and neck injuries as a result of allegedly been hit by a vehicle driven by Charles Thompson in the course and scope of his employment for Enron/HPL . I am going to take care of it , and give it to Eilee Kisluk because of the insurance issues involved .
Forget Boies and Weiss
Anything more on this ? FYI .
FYI Thanks . Britt Davis/ENRON@enronXgate 05/25/2001 03:01 PM To: Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Subject: In re M/V PACIFIC VIRGO Per your request for an update: 1 . ECT sent its insurance claim letter out to Underwriters' adjusters in this matter last week . No reply has yet been received . We will monitor . 2 . Mitsubishi has not pushed its demurrage claim of about $260,000 . Our solicitor , David Best , has had confirmed by our barrister that our time-bar defense against the demurrage claim is strong . 3 . We are paying joint testing invoices 100% and submitting them for 50 % reimbursement to Mitsubishi . So far , despite its agreement to do so , Mitsubishi has not reimbursed us at all . We suspect that if we push this , Mitsubishi will start threatening to start up with the demurrage claim again . At least until we find out what Underwriters' position will be , we do not suggest pushing Mitsubishi on this . I will keep you advised . Britt
Delaware is fine . Mark Greenberg@ENRON 06/05/2001 03:59 PM To: Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Subject: Non-Disclosure Agreement Richard - I have a company with whom we are negotiating a non-disclosure agreement . We have been working off of their form , but have inserted our arbitration language . We have put in New York as the operative law and they have responded with either Minnesota ( their home jurisdiction ) or Delaware ( the state of their incorporation) . I have told them that Minnesota will not work and that we prefer NY , but they are holding the line on having Delaware . Do we have a problem with Delaware for jurisdiction ? Also , this is a non-disclosure agreement and any subsequent agreement would have to be negotiated as to forum . Thanks for your response . Mark Senior Counsel , EWS Phone: 713-345-8897 Facsimile: 713-646-3490
We made it but the house next door and the house catty-corner to us both flooded .
Disregard my previous messageabout this case . Thanks for your assistance in this matter .
Set up for Wed
Yes-- but lets wait until you and I can talk live .
Please include on our database
Can you make sure that this goes to El Paso . I assume that we dont need to do anything else(? )
Disregard my previous messageabout this case . Thanks for your assistance in this matter . This morning I received a copy of service of process that was served on Cogen Technologies Linden Venture in the Roger Atkinson matter . Cogen Technologies Linden Venture had previously been served with a summons and complaint in the Atkinson matter in mid April . I forwarded the matter to El Paso Energy Company , who had purchased ENA's interest in the Cogen companies effective late February 2001 . El Paso retained Ed Fanning of McCarter & English to represent Cogen's interests . We have worked with Ed in other Cogen matters before , and I have found him to be both effective and efficient . This matter relates to personal injuries allegedly suffered by Atkinson while working at a construction site at the Linden facility in December 2000 . David Waterson of El Paso recently called me concerning potential defense and indemnity obligations that El Paso believes NEPCO may owe Cogen with respect to this incident . We will need to review NEPCO's contract with Cogen to determine if any such obligations exist . The document that I received today is a Notice of Motion to Consolidate and to Compel Inspection . This motion seeks to consolidate the Atkinson v . Cogen case with a case that was apparently also filed in New Jersey state court as Roger Atkinson v . JEDI Linden and NEPCO and to compel an inspection of the construction site where the accident allegedly occurred . I have asked Becky Stephens whether we have received service of process on either JEDI Linden or NEPCO . To date , we have not . However , I expect that service of process is in the works , and I have asked Becky to be on the look out for it . As this new suit also apparently concerns personal injury claims , I am forwarding a copy to both Rob and Bob , so that you can begin to process and investigate the claim in your usual manner . Please let me know if there is any other information you need in order to begin our review for potential defense/indemnity to Cogen . Thanks . Bonnie J . White Enron Litigation Unit 1400 Smith Street , Suite 4824 Fax: 713-853-6576
Set up for Wed
Yes-- but lets wait until you and I can talk live . Andrew Edison@ENRON 06/07/2001 02:48 PM To: Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Subject: RE: Quinque Let's talk . Can we shift some more of the cost to ETS?? ?
Please include on our database
Not yet
I manage all the litigation for EWS .
None other than the GE case against Power Systems .
Have fun . Please tell me it is some place exotic---like Long Beach ?
Yes , our PR Dept has this service.Thanks .
I dont know what this is , so I won't erase it and will leave for you to han|
Did you talk to Elizabeth Labanowski(sp? ) re the grand Jury being convened to look at Enron's political contribution ?
EES wants to terminate energy contracts(futures cintracts ) with two bankrupt entities . Can you let Bob Williams know if you have any comments/suggestions to his letter ?
I sent this to Hodge and Sager for their comments .
I can't open this .
I can't open this
please RSVP no . I will be in Boston
The atty is Charna Sherman at Hahn Looser in Cleveland . By copy of this e-mail , I have asked Linda Guinn to take the lead in getting you this information.Linda-- I need to also find the Plaintiff interrogatory response in the CA NSM case to send to Bonnie . I sent the Int . to Dick Lydecker recently .
Tracy-- can you look at this and give me a call-35587 . I dont understand what it means to us .
This is something interesting to put in your back pocket .
I'm screwed for the forseeable future(some of which is vacation ) I'll call you .
I am sure I filed it.You can't give up on this . Either we have it or Gary Grote has it .
A belated thanks for sending this .
Andy Edison will get back to you on this .
I have lost track of this . Is there an actual matter ? Who is handling ?
Please check with John on a later date . By copy of this e-mail , I will ask Stephanie to get alternate dates from you , John,Me , and Jim McCartney and to take the lead on the scheduling . If no other date works , we will go the week of the 16th . Also- I need you to give dates to Stephanie for the meeting w/me and Mark re your travel schedule.She will take the lead on this one also . Finally--- I talked to Julia Murray about FCPA training that you were going to do for her group . I think this would be good PR for you . Please do whatever you can to get them a firm date .
I never did this . Sorry . What do I need to do at this late juncture ?
I need to go to San Diego on the 27th for a 3pm hearing . I can probably go that day . Find out what Robin Gibbs is doing and where he is staying . I need to get the first flight back on the 28th .
I was expecting a check from Melanie Gray in the PCA Bankrupty . Call her and get a status report .
Just a reminder that I need Seabram"s "I'll say anything e-mail"
There is no policy that I know of(don't make me write one )
Don't do this . Derrick wants me to handle .
Can you print this out for me ?
I am ok . We have gotten into trouble before when we used a different address or fax# that the one contained in the contract . Send it to as many addresses as you have but check the one in the contract .
John- I think that Mark Haedicke talked to Sam about this but I wanted to follow up . We want to make sure that Sam is available to Enron as well and that his representation of Idaho Power does not infringe on work we might want him to do .
Linda guinn will get this for you
FYI
thanks
Andy Edison will get this to you .
I tried to call you but could not get through . What is your # ? 
yes
what is your telephone # ? 
I now see who she is . I am happy to go .
Thanks for your e-mail . As it turns out the judge kept the case in San Diego .
This looks fine . Can I get a copy of what went . I may be in D.C . next week .
Your are on the right and true path .
No . Should I ? Lrts talk about it Monday .
To hire(no ) or to represent us(maybe) ?
We need to talk about this
yes
We have not had any disputes in my 3.5 years and none that I am aware of in the past .
When is the hearing and what is the likelihood of it going forward on that date ?
I am working on the Enron Corp PAC . Can you send me a copy of the invitation so I can submit it . Fax # 713-646-3393 .
Is this mine ?
Actually , I now can not do it from 11-12 . The rest of the day is free .
Please call him and set up a time to talk next week- Monday if possible .
Are we doing anything on California and do you need my input ?
I have asked my asst . to put a meeting together .
I gave this to Michelle Cash .
We now have a refund order from FERC which I have not yet read . The issue of ENA's liability is , as you would guess , complicated . Are we still on track for a short meeting to discuss ?
what does this mean ?
Jim--- I have talked to Tim . He is ok . Call me if you have any Q's .
This is our judge in Sacramento .
Should I do anything about this . It is getting ridiculous .
The atty was transferred to me from Haedicke's office . I have no idea where they got Mark's # and name.His name is Dave Parkinson 801-323-3208 . He is out of Salt Lake City .
FYI . This meeting has to do with the Calpers "investigation" of its JEDI investment with Enron . As you know , Willie Brown is the mayor of SF . The city of SF is the lead plaintiff in one of the class actions .
Please handle
yes-- out of curiosity , how much ?
Your welcome . What was the name of the Dude ranch you described ?
Yes , please sign it .
Thanks for the update and an the encouragement .
Can we talk today . Call me at 713-853-5587 . If I am not in set a time with my asst .
Who is this ? Can you send him to Linda ?
How about 2 my time ?
This is ok . Lets review them in the SF Enron office .
One Mary Jane Smith . As the memo says , these are rumours .
Probably not If it is for NSM we might have it in McConville's old files . If it is Qualitech then I don't have it .
Did this get any press ? If so,send me any articles you may have .
Whatever happened to this ?
thanks
Only if you say I have to .
I am the soccer coach for Daniel and the asst coach for Ben . Our weekends are booked up until early Nov . Can we schedule a workweek for the ? Sorry .
Sorry I have been less than diligent in getting back to you , although I tried to call today . As David Burns may have told you , I was active at first(when I thought my role as comm . member was limted ) I have not been active lately because almost all the lawyers involved in this case seem to only motivated to prolong the case.There is alot of money being spent on nothing . Now I see this Budget . Unbelievable . I am available tomorrow aft . please have your asst . call Twanda Sweet 853-9402 to set it up . Have you talked to anyone else ?
I am pathetically and pathologically late in getting back to you.Sorry . Enron is very opposed to this . Can we talk at your convenience today .
thanks , we have it covered
Boy did I blow this . Have you come and gone ? If not , should we invite David Runnels ?
did you draft a demand letter ?
Sounds Fine
Can you guys handle this in my absence
I am assuming that this is just an FYI . If so , dont respond back
Andy , can you call her re Berry . Thanks
If you have not already done so,can you get back to Jim . Thanks
Please get to the bottom of this and report back to me . Thanks .
Sorry for the overreaction on Fri . I was having a very bad hair day . It seems like no harm , no foul . I need you to keep your finger on the pulse on this issue . I called Zach Starbird ( Mirant ) about the issue and he was surprised that Mirant had voted in favor . Can you call Brian Holman and see where they stand . If you know any of the other attys well enough , please call them and lobby them also.I am in South America this week , but would like to be on the conf . call thurs . Can you make sure I have the #s . With respect to the PX settlement , I am an unenthusiastic supporter . Please let me know if the proposal changes .
If possible , don't sign a lease until I get back . If you need a immediate answer , let me know .
Please print this article for me .
I don't shop at Tom James . Please take me off ypur e-mail list .
I have been out of the country for the last week , but am in today . I am available anytime this AM .
What is this about ? I am here all week .
Thanks for the update . Is the hearing still on ?
Can we talk about this today ?
I am coming in Mon . morning . Let me know if there is any change in the schedule . Thanks .
Yes . I will do so .
Yes . XL.RC#105656
Gail Brownfeld has assumed responsibility for the case . She will contact you .
no
What about Midland or ( worse ) Galveston ? 
Two answers:1 ) I don't think you need one--you can file anywhere in the Southern District , 2 ) a desire to get crazy judge , like Sam Kent .
What case is this and why is it still in front of Whaley ?
Yes , please .
This time is good for Enron . We will talk to you then .
I am trying to set up a conf . call today at 10:30 central to speak to the Chicago attys . Andy is not involved in this case .
Will do . Hope you feel better .
Did you switch this ?
In the short term(one week) , we need to lean on him . In the longer term , he is out .
Please include in my directory .
This also
I can't make it but I would like to catch up on the discussion later .
The problem with tapping those funds is that the hogs will get fatter . I think we should vote with our overall theme in mind: the PX participants committee is out of control and anything that curtails them is good . Is that clear as mud ?
As you attempt to reschedule , just remember the crying faces of ten 5 year olds when Coach Sanders isn't there to lead them on to victory .
Gareth Bahlmann is doing a big financing and I participated in a California due diligence call last Thurs . w/ the bank's atty , who happens to be Gary Orloff at Bracewell . Gary wanted to see our proof of claim . Can I get a copy ?
I have it as brianp@aiglincoln.com . No".po" . Did you leave Susman ? Saw your picture on the Texas Lawyer---almost fell out of my chair . Have you parlayed this fame into something else ?
Thanks for the update .
I spoke to Rick McCombs at Mayer Brown this morning and he informed me that he is in trial all week and unavailable for a call today . We agreed to a 7am central ( 1pm London and 8am New York ) call on Thurs . to go over the answer and any other pending items . He promised a draft answer by 3 pm central on Wed afternoon . Hopefully , Paul will be well by then . I will set up a call-in number for the conference. .
Please set up this call . Rick McCombs in at Mayer Brown in Chicago . Also--get his direct no . and address and add them to my directory . Thanks .
Is this call still being held ?
I assume that you have handled this . If not , let me know what I ( we ) need to do .
I want playoff tickets but am undecided about next year .
I left you a voice mail this am . Check it
Are you ok ? Can you make this call ?
Our attys are at Lebouef , Lamb in New York . I cannot get them by e-mail or phone. . We probably need to postpone .
Lets talk at 9:30 , if only to reschedule
That is probably our lawsuit . Joint Energy Development Investments ( JEDI ) is an Enron LLC with Calpers-- the California State pension fund . Lets take a look .
I'd like to attend . Please get w/Twanda .
Fyi . I told her not to go because we had too many other problems . I do need to develope a plan to deal with FCPA . I would like to mninmize her involvement , but fear this will upset Derrick and Walls . Any suggestions ?
Can't make it . That is my son's third birthday . Maybe I should bring him and the rest of my family(and inlaws ) and try to pass it off as a joint celebration .
No , I agree we should file on Monday . I would suggest that we reschedule the conf . call for friday am--7o'clock .
We should file on Monday , absent some compelling reason.Let's postpone the conf.call until Friday---same time . I need the draft answer by 2 pm central on Thurs . I cannot have a Thurs afternoon call . Is Rick McCombs available on Fri am ?
Fyi . It looks like Jim is becoming more informed if not more involved .
I talked to Jempy about this last night.He don't want another meeting . We have a new canidate in the hard-ass client category .
no . I am listening now .
yes , but if it screws everything up , don't move it .
fine
Please sign me up for the 19th at 1:30 or 3:00
I tried for 10 minutes to sign up before giving up . This has to be easier . It seems to me that someone at HR doesn't get it .
Yes
Lets talk about all their cases , including the Columbian coal case and the J block case-- Get w/ Twanda and set aside 30 min .
Don't know--maybe both
Sorry about the conference call this morning--- I neglected to get a call in number . I talked to Paul Simon , who had talked to Limor Nissan , and among the lawyers , we have no more comments . Paul was going to get together with the commercial team and see if they had any issues . Paul will contact you today with these changes/additions . If they are not substantive , I don't need to see them . Send Limor , Paul , and me a copy of the filed pleading . Thanks for your help .
Please handle
I have completely lost track of this case . I have asked Twanda to set up a call w/ you , me , and our outside counsel . Now for the 100,000 question----who is our outside counsel ? Let Twanda know .
Looks good
YOU ARE ONE ANAL DUDE
Huh ? For you to handle as you wish .
This is pathetic but I don't know the status of this . What is going on ? Did we send the letter ?
I may be too late on this but here goes---- if arbitration is out then agree to a forum that is not in their backyard .
The issue of the SCE bankruptcy will come up again . Carl-- did you ever talk to Reliant or Mirant ? The next call that you have re the PG&E bankruptcy , I would like to join in and dicuss the issue of an involuntary filing . I know we have talked about it before , but because of the hijackers , we never got the full legal analysis . Tom Laria at White and Case and the McCutchen attys had done some research . They offered to provide it to us . Lets take a look , do our own research , and discuss .
what is this/ who is this
This will confirm that I would like to have an organizational meeting at 2 pm central on Tuesday the 18th---one hour . Twanda will provide a call in # .
By copy of this e-mail , I am asking Twanda to set up a short conf.call w/you on Wed or Thurs to discuss these issues
I am not in a huge hurry . I just want to make sure we have fully reviewed our options now that we have a little more time . LLGM should participate on this call and gather all other information available(Mirant and Reliant legal memos ) and lets talk sometime next week . I think LLGM is in a better position than Enron to dictate timing , so I'll leave the scheduling to you .
Thats like saying you want to be a prisoner/inmate to get the free cable .
Sounds like a good plan . Andrea-- I have asked my asst . to get with you to reschedule . M . Haedicke wanted the criminal atty on the call .
I tried to call you , but the phones are out . No urgency , I just remember your proximity to the WTC and wanted to make sure you and the members of your firm are OK .
I am ok
As you will recall , Steve was referred to us by Neal Manne and served as local counsel in the Glatzer matter . He has done a great job . Although I don't have anything now , I would love to send something his way .
Please handle
I just talked to our accounting dept and told them about your proposal to fix the mistake . They are ok with it . Just make sure you document it as described in this e-mail . P.S . There is no bigger matter to deal with than your bill . This must be the kind of half--truths that made you the most hated man in Sacramento .
FYI
Thanks . I'll take the third week of February . By the way-- if you call the house during that week and someone tells you they rented it from me for $5000 per day , that's my brother and no matter what he says , that's only an inside joke in our family .
Sounds good
All joking aside , we would love to use it . Maybe next summer . By the way , although I have not invited you and Dave to come to Portland on the 3rd , you are welcome . I am not sure it is the best use of your time . I am flying to SF to meet w/ Gary on the day of the 3rd to catch up on FERC issues You may want to come to that .
In your firm's name
I would have David interface with the Costilla D&O insurer . I would call Jim Studdert re Enron coverage .
Yes-- deal with Willie directly . As for the claim of 1.825 million , as long as ENA accounting agrees to that # , I am fine . Is that just ENA or does EES also have a claim ?
Twanda will call you
I am flying in on the morning of the 3rd , arriving at approx . 9:30 . I will be leaving for Portland at 5:30 . That should give us from 10:30 to 3:30 .
You have this on my calender for the 27th of September .
Jim Derrick sent me your message to him about this lawsuit . Thanks for your intrerest . We have already retained V&E to represent us .
Thanks . I am a mean 30 handicap .
I would like to talk to your partner . Can you give me the info .
I have to move some stuff around on the 8th . Is that set in stone ?
George-- are you ok for the 8yh ?
I saw your picture in the paper today as (  I think ) a "woman of distinction." Congrats .
Not only have I seen it , I have also taken credit for it .
Can you go to lunch w/ Ileana Blanco and me on Thursday ?
Andy Edison is handling and he will respond .
You have it in hand--as I knew you would . Adkin's atty is supposed to call me at 9:30 . you may want to call him today to let him know not to call me .
Randy Pais at Enron is handling . You are right that all of this is confidential . I don't think we want anyone to know that we are asking for a permit and the selling the site . By the way , we have no buyer.Randy has your name if he needs anyone in Memphis . Nice to hear from you .
I have asked Twanda to set up a short call .
yes
Knox thinks any settlement will be between 1-2 million,probably closer to 2 . What business person , if any , should we talk to about this ? With Carrin , Neal M . and Knox , the attys fees will be enormous if this case ever gets going again .
I am willing to allow our name as a cc . Let me know and I will call her back .
You pick for me
The atty that we talked about in Fla . is Paul Lester , Tel # 305-357-1001 . He is expecting your call . Please let me know after you have talked to him . Thx .
Do you have Phil Levy's telephone # ? 
Lets meet for breakfast on friday as soon as it opens .
I jest , and don't call me Shirley
I never recieved this . Please send to Andy Edison and Lance Shuler
William Woods in my directory
If you are in yor office , Give me a call . I have lost your telephone #
Thx . I'll wait and see
Has this been set ?
Did you take care of this .
Did you get this and is it being handled ? Also-- what happened to that Nepco case for $2800 ?
I am good for Wed . at Kenneally's at 5:30 .
FYI
Please send to all the VE attys
Talk to Dave . I think he reports to Shelia so you should talk to her as well .
Do you have this one also
Is this still on ?
If I have not already told you , set up a meeting w/ meand Britt for 30 min and then get Steve Elliott to join us
Not unless you can cure laziness . I will call him this week .
Please set up a call w/ Donn Pickett Tues or Wed
I talked to Mark and I don't think we have any interest .
Can you call Joel and find out what this is about ?
Is there any way that we can move this to 3 ? I have a meeting from 1:30-2:30 . Or just move it back 30 min .
Greg was going to see how he did and whether we could rehabilitate him . Check w/ Greg before we talk to Mark .
At the risk of taking grief for having a premeeting before the premeeting before the meeting , can we talk for 15 minutes sometime today(before 5 )
There was no attachment
Andrew Edison , Gail Brownfeld , Richard Sanders
Re: reporting loop----Andy
holly -- linda guinn needs a modem installed on her computer for access to pacer . please notify the appropriate departments -- this is something she needs as soon as possible . thanks .
Yes
I just sent you this case . Please coordinate w/ David
This is the Grynberg lookalike we talked about .
Andy Edison and I made plane reservations to LA for the Rose Bowl . We are arriving at 4pm on Wed the 2nd . Did you find any empty hotels ?
Thanks . Have we heard anything more ?
Yes . I have calendered it .
No changes .
I need you to handle this . Call me .
Thanks . We will run with it .
You need to call Jesus Melendrez at x58670 asap . He had a conf . call w/Crescendo and its outside attys today . You need to get in the loop .
You should read
Thx . We need to talk asap today .
I am not going
I have forwarded a copy of this letter to each of you.It involves a wrongful death claim . Gail-- please coordinate .
This will confirm that the meetings with Weil for Sat and Sun will begin at 10am . Mark wants the entire team to be present for the Sat meeting . We will decide after that meeting who needs to be present on Sun . I have sent Weil a number of materials , including the 3rd quarter results given to the analysts . We anticipate that Sat will be a lawyers only meeting to discuss the corporate structure and the bankruptcy issues related to the different business units . The meeting will probably last 4-5 hours . The Sun meeting will include the commercial team . An agenda will be prepared , but most of the day will be devoted to information gathering and brainstorming .
The meeting is in 3321 .
Did this get paid ? If not , we need to process asap .
Tell Bethany that I am sorry I miss the Country Day Alumni function last Fri . I told her I would be there , but other more pressing matters prevailed----at least I think so--- the days are blurring together . I probably did one of two things--- got drunk ( there has been alot of that around here lately) , or went home , got in bed , and pulled the covers up over my head .
The good news is that the 4th beer usually makes the pain/depression/anger go away . The bad news is that last week it was the 3rd beer .
I am not sure why you want to go , but of course you can . Just show up .
Have we implemented a policy ?
Robert Williams
Please send a copy to Bob Williams . He will handle .
I will not be able to make it
The Horror , the Horror
As you will note from the papers , we are in deep shit . As you would guess , Haedicke is in charge.Call him .
The press is bad because it is accurate . I have never seen more greed , arrogance , and lack of morality .
Set up a meeting
If we go to Las Vegas for Thanksgiving , we probably can't meet you . Julie is waivering on Las Vegas though . I'll call .
No , we don't care .
Bonnie White can help you .
I can't see how this could be related to our battles with the AG over trading issues in CA . I have no concerns .
I am going to Las Vegas for Thanksgiving , but am available any day but Monday next week . Let me know your schedule .
Good . Lets talk that morning .
This is now yours
Two issues: First,should we pay the law firms ? Total is 43mm . Second , Lisa and I think that the group needs some direction today . Can we have a 10-15min telephone call at 4:45 or after the Board meeting ( 6:00 )
How about we give her some Enron stock options .
If you get this , drop what you are doing and give me a call at the office .
I can't begin to tell you how much I would like to do that---except for one thing . I will be dead or mortally wounded when I tell my wife . She moved the entire family to a new house on Monday with no help from me.Thanks , but no thanks . I've got some making up to do .
yes
where are you ?
Thanks for the check . The entire Sanders family is going next weekend for a "work weekend." It woild be great if you could go , even for a short time . No one is bringing kids , although Ben is old enough to help . Call me if you want details . 713-853-5587 .
Call me on my cell phone 713-410-6128 . I am ready to go .
I am traveling with my brother to Picton on Feb 22 . Do you have a room w/ 2 beds for the night of the 22nd ?
I would like to book a room w/ 2 beds for Thurs the 21st . I have inquired on the NZ bed and breakfast website but cannot get to the reservation desk . My Visa # is 4388 5490 0061 6748 exp 11/03 . Can you confirm a reservation ?
It looks good ! I had a few comments on pages 7 & 9 . Also , on page 13 - # 26 & 27 , is there any benefit to more specifically describing why we "understood" and why they "knew" that the San Juan lateral contract would be base loaded due to their long-term firm supply arrangement with Pan Alberta that existed prior to and after the Global Settlement rates were negotiated ? FERC is aware of this longstanding and complex arrangement involving PGT , NWPL , TW , Pan Alberta , SoCal and SoCal's affiliate , PITCO . It would seem a huge oversight on SoCal's part that this lower rate they supposedly negotiated and agreed to with TW was not memorialized in the Global Settlement or in TW's tariff . This is a rate that applies to two-thirds of the volumes SoCal transports under contract 8255 and allegedly SoCal and TW had some verbal agreement ( with a 10 year term ) that would apply to these volumes .
It loods good ! Thank you so much . I'll let you know if we need anything else after Steve looks at the graphs/charts .
According to Glen , these were just orders granting rehearing on some issues . We still have to proceed with compliance of the requirements . We're submitting our first report on Friday for the month of August .
I'm sorry I will not be able to attend . Hope you all have a wonderful time !
No problem-o !
I have nothing to report = )
Good job! !
Either time is good for me .
Here's the note on TK's party . Love You , Lind
Thurs , 10/4 is good for me . Let me know what time . Thanks !
Steve Harris asked me to forward these slides of the Red Rock expansion and Sun Devil project . Please call me if you have any questions at X36007 .
Yes , I set it up with Ken & Dan . We had a good discussion . I'm going up for the weekly Imbalance meeting today to discuss some things with Darrell and Richard ( Dan will be there) . Tracy & I are also meeting with Dan & John on Thursday to try to "diagram" some of the accounting process with imbalances , linepack & fuel ( LOOK OUT!) . When we get the explanation organized , we will be presenting it to all y'all = ) I hope you had a nice weekend in San Antonio . I know the weather was wonderful . Hope Hershal is doing better . Take Care , Lindy
TK could you update these prices for me for the Stan Presentation ( one more time - it's due to Tracy on Thurs) ? I don't need the historical NYMEX again , unless Vernon has the NYMEX settle price for Jan - Sept '01 ( Weren't the historical numbers from last week Inside FERC because we were having a system problem? ) I need them by tomorrow after lunch . I'm in a meeting from 8:00 to 12:00 tomorrow . If you have any questions , leave me a voicemail - I'll check it during break .
Here it is . I'm going to be making some changes before our 3:00 meeting w/ Danny today . I was planning on having the final to you tomorrow after I make any other changes we discuss in that meeting .
Thank you !
For 3:00 meeting with Danny .
Attached is Steve Harris' presentation . Please let me know if you have any questions . My extension is 36007 . Thanks , Lindy
Happy birthday to you ! Happy birthday to you ! Happy birthday dear Margy , happy birthday to you ! How are you ? Brett ? Shayne & Summer ? Your family ? I hope everyone is well and coping with all that has happened . We are fine down here . My mom & Charlie are coming for a visit next week . They were flying , but now they're driving . I think we could all get into the whole family truckster thing again . Tony & I have decided we probably need the van with the TV/VCR in the ceiling now . By the way , how is Summer ? What did the doctor have to say about her germ thing , etc ? I hope you all are working through that ok . I hope you are doing something special for your birthday - going out to dinner with your family & kids and/or maybe a night out with just Brett & you - there's a treat ! Tony & I got a babysitter ( one of Sam's teachers ) last Saturday for no particular reason and just went out to eat & to a movie ( Serendipity - it was a cute romantic comedy . Just about all I need these days - light & funny & not too much brain power. ) Well , please take the time to celebrate this day - the day we all lucked out and you were born ! Tell Brett it really was his lucky day ! Spend some time with your mom & dad - they were both there = ) And remember the best birthday gift you ever got - the gift of this life - what more wonderful thing could there be ? It was a gift to all of us that have the pure pleasure of knowing you , Margy . My life would not be the same without you = ) I love you & miss you , my friend . Lindy
Mark , Here is the e:mail about BP Chemicals . Thank you for your help . Lindy ( Dawn , Mark is with ENA on the Texas Desk and is going to try to track this down. )
Could you please put me on your distribution list ? I've found your summaries to be very helpful - I usually get them forwarded to me by someone , but I may not be getting all of them . Thanks !
No . I can't open/print it either .
Here is the final except the "contributions" slide we discussed . ( We may have a "strategy" slide to insert Friday as well. ) Call me with any questions 36007 .
Thanks , Lindy
See how this looks .
You had asked to see a final copy of our presentation . This is what was sent to Tracy today . We may have a couple of inserts by Friday . Please call me or Steve if you have any questions .
Replace slide # 4 ( "Reconciliation of 2001 Plan to 2001 3CE" ) Replace slide # 5 ( "Reconciliation of 2001 3CE to 2002 Plan" ) Insert new slide # 6 ( "Net Commercial Contribution Accountability" ) Replace slide # 15 (  "Fuel Revenues 2001 vs . 2002" , was slide # 14 ) Insert new slide # 18 ( "2002 Strategy" )
Dear Ahmed , Thank you so much for sharing ! I can't tell you what a sweet boy he is! ! I have the picture of him today ( with his eyes open ) as my screen saver . Everyone in my office is in love with Khalid ! Well , I hope you are okay and have maybe caught up on some sleep . Hopefully , Khalid will be a good sleeper . I told Amy that this was enough to make me want to get on a plane . Maybe Tony , Sam & I will be able to come visit soon . I'm so excited that Sam will have a cousin near his age . He has Riley ( turned 2 yrs . on Oct 4th ) and Peyton ( was 3 yrs . in June ) who are brothers and live in San Antonio ( Tony's brother Larry's boys) . But we are thinking that we've never been to Memphis and it would be a great place to visit ! Sam is doing wonderfully . As everyone will tell you , they grow up so fast . Just enjoy every moment - these boys are little miracles ! Sam has started saying alot of words ( moon , house , ball , cookie , crackers , buckle ) and he is going to be a lion for halloween - he's been practicing his roar . What will Khalid be ? Sam is also trying to put on his shoes and socks . He is fascinated with buckles - he can buckle , but not unbuckle yet . He is almost riding his tricycle . Everything else is good here . My mom and Charlie have started driving here today . They will get to Houston tomorrow night . Tony is driving the Corvair in a parade Saturday and then , of course , we are watching the Baylor game . I'm so glad to hear your mom and dad are coming this weekend . I bet they cannot wait . I hope they are able to visit often . It is so important to me that Sam knows my mom , Charlie , my dad & Flo . I was so lucky to get to grow-up with my grandparents in town and I wish that Sam will have the same . Have fun with sweet Khalid and take care of Amy . It sounds like you all are doing great ! Love , Lindy
I'm sorry I will be not be in the office Friday .
Jan , Thank you for all of your help! ! Lindy
Thanks again Jan !
I am here . Let me know when you have time to meet today . So far I'm open .
Ava has received several RSVP's for the meeting , but the hotel has not received many calls for rooms . Ava is trying to determine if the rooms still need to be blocked-out . She will call the customers for us if we would provide the phone #'s to her . Could you please fill in the phone #'s for your accounts and forward to Ava Garcia ? Thanks !
I think Rich has told you that I spoke with him yesterday and would like to discuss what it would take to get a new IOS system up and running for TW . Please give me a call or e:mail me to schedule a meeting to discuss . I'm at 36007 . Thanks , Lindy
Thanks Mary Kay !
I believe what Lisa ( Sawyer? ) was referring to is the termination of TW's shared cost surcharge effective October 31 , 2001 . I don't think there would be any system changes required . Typically , TW's rates are entered with a start and end date and ( if this is correct ) the surcharge should have an end date of 10/31/2001 and there wouldn't be anything else to do . If it's not entered that way , an end date could be entered now ( whether at the surcharge level or at the contract level - the surcharge applies to just 14 firm contracts ) and that should take care of it . Elizabeth , Is this correct ? I know you're on a project , please let me know if you can check this or who can . Thank you ! Lindy
This Wed or Thurs , could you update the monthly Cal '02 prices for me again ? Permian San Juan Hopefully , this will be the last time . I need to give Tracy the final version of an abbreviated presentation ( for Ken Lay mtg 11/8 ) by the end of this week . I just wanted to refresh the numbers one more time .
I was trying to respond to your message about the IOS meeting Friday & I lost it . I will not be able to be at the meeting . I am not in the office on Friday . Please let me know if it will be rescheduled or when we can meet to discuss . Thanks again , Lindy
Yes . I have 3:00-4:00 on my calendar for Thursday , October 25th . Please let me know the location .
Where is Lisa's Office ?
I just wanted to say it was good to see you the other day , though brief = ) Let's get together soon for lunch or something . I'm missing my Bob time !
I have reviewed the La Plata Facilities O&O Agreement . Lee , could you please review the same and see if you agree with this assessment ? It appears to me that the pigging facilties could qualify as either of the following: Special Services . This would be subject to prior written consent and agreement between the Operator ( TW ) and the Operating Committee ( TW & NWPLRepresentatives) . If NWPL agreed , their share of the cost would be in proportion to their ownership interest . If we did obtain their approval , future O&M cost attributable to the pigging facilities could be shared among the owners . ( We've agreed to a flat fee for 2000 through 2003 with a 3.5% escalator starting in 2001. ) Addition or Expansion . Demonstrate that the pigging will add incremental transmission capacity . We have to give notice to NWPL and they have 60 days to participate . If they participate , they share in the cost at their ownership interest , but they get a share of the incremental capacity at their ownership interest . If they don't indicate a desire to participate in 60 days , we can proceed with the Expansion ( without any approval , but also no cost sharing) . Also , any incremental O&M associated with an expansion cannot be passed on to any owners not participating in such expansion . I think if we went the Special Services route , we would need to justify the need for these facilities to maintain the integrity and efficiency of the facilities at current levels . I think we would spend alot of time arguing this with them and in the end they would probably approve it subject to them not incurring any cost . ( They probably don't have $260,000 ( $1.5MM * . 174 ) sitting around in a budget somewhere that they'd like to fork over for these facilities. ) Rich , what do you think ? How difficult would it be to demonstrate that these facilities are necessary for maintaining the current operating levels of the facilities ? Recommendation: To save us the 60 days notice period of an Expansion , I think we should notify them that it's a necessary Special Service and ask for approval ( & to pass along their share of the cost) , but to be prepared to eat 100% of the costs to obtain their timely approval and proceed with the installation of the facilities . In this event we would need to agree on the inclusion of future O&M attributable to these facilities . FYI , their ownership interest is still officially 22.3% since they have not executed the Amendment that has been tendered to them 3 times , first by me and twice by Lynn Blair . If they execute the Amendment that incorporates the 4/1/98 expansion of the facilities , their ownership interest will be 17.4% .
Kim asked me to send the attached spreadsheet to you . It's my listing of TW's firm contracts where I track ROFR . This is a complete list as of 9-17-01 of all long-term contracts ( seasonal or longer) . Any monthly deals may not be included . Dennis Lee has a report he runs from CBS of all currently effective contracts and contracts with future effective dates for me to cross-check that I have everything . The first tab "ROFR Criteria" is a complete list of currently effective contracts including ( at the bottom ) contracts with future effective dates and the Red Rock Expansion contracts . The receipt and delivery areas are noted . The tabs following show the subscribed capacity for certain segments of TW's pipe ( West of Thoreau , Blanco to Thoreau & Ignacio to Blanco ) by month through 2006 .
In the morning could you please call to Omaha and ask who could print out enough copies of the attached presentation for the attendees of the 9:00 meeting and forward this to them ? Thanks Audrey !
FYI . Have we got anything set-up with James & Gabriel yet ? We won't meet with Dave until we've had a chance to discuss among ourselves and see what opportunities we've identified .
FYI . Dave's proposal to Steve .
Let me know if you have any questions or need anything changed . Thanks , Lindy
I don't know if Perry has responded to your request yet concerning what contracts are expiring with WTX Pool capacity and about that Duke contract you mentioned in our Staff Mtg yesterday , but I looked at my notes and this is what I come up with . The Duke contract that expires 7/31/2002 without ROFR is already taken into consideration as expired in the November , 2002 capacity of 17,300/d we derived last week ( which we've already sold 20,000/d to Calpine & PPL) . Other contracts expiring in 2002 & early 2003 from the WTX Pool are: Total 25,365/d Otherwise , we have WTX Pool capacity every Apr-Oct of 14,000/d ( opposite of SWG's seasonal ctrc) . The other issue we could take into consideration here is displacement . For the month of November , 2002 ( for example ) we have 22,000/d of capacity we are including in our WT-1 total that is made up of southward paths ( 20,000/d for USGT & 2,000/d for Astra with receipts north of WT-1 for delivery to WTX delivery points south of WT-2) . This is the most conservative capacity reservation policy . In the event not enought physical receipts were nominated south of WT-1 to fulfill all physical deliveries nominated south of WT-1 , we would need to compress gas south through WT-1 to make deliveries for these two contracts . We may want to reassess this .
I took a day of vacation ( 8 hour day ) on Tuesday , 11/16 . I had two sick days on 11/17 & 18 .
Yes , Shelley & I discussed this on Monday . Isn't that interesting ? I wish we could slip this into some data request or something .
We held a meeting to discuss the status of TW's 637 Imbalance filing . Our current position ( after discussions about a month ago ) has been that we are concerned about filing anything in the 637 docket because it would stir-up segmentation and for now we want to let that sleeping dog lie . We discussed again the possibility of making a separate tariff filing to pursue our OBA "wish list" outside the 637 arena and decided again that this type of filing would just get consolidated with our pending 637 filing . After further discussion we decided that the one thing , most narrowly defined , that would really help us out with our imbalances is mandatory cash-out in constrained areas . If defined this narrowly , this is something for which we can clearly demonstrate an operational need based upon historical allocation and imbalance data . We think that we could make a 30 day tariff filing for this one change and have minimum risk of entanglement with the overall 637 filing . Glen & Mary are going to discuss with MKM and Teb with Rob . Lyn & Terry are going to pull together the last 12 months of data for constrained areas on our pipe ( Ignacio to Blanco , Blanco to Thoreau , Thoreau to the border & check with Darrell for any other areas that should be included ) and increased imbalance levels . We plan to get together next week to discuss further . Concerning the rest of our OBA "wish list" , we are discussing whether to hold meetings with individual protestors to discuss only the Imbalance issues of the filing and work toward a "settlement" position on those issues to have ready in the event of Commission action in this docket .
Thanks !
Here's the ROFR spreadsheet . The last time I updated it was 9/17/01 . I just had Dennis run a report out of CBS yesterday so that I could sync-up the ROFR spreadsheet for any long-term contracts , but I haven't had a chance to do it yet .
Oooh ! He is soo sweet ! Thanks for the pic's . We'll have to get our act in gear here with our digital so we can be hi-tech too . He is darling! ! XOXO to Khalid ( & you guys too) . Love , Lindy
Dave , How are you ? I hope all is going well with your new job . I'm sorry we won't be able to meet this Friday . Can I call or e:mail you to set-up another time ? I'll look forward to seeing you soon . Thanks , Lindy
I have provided to TW's Gas Logistics Group copies of the following facility related agreements: La Plata Facilities Ownership & Operating Agreement between TWPL & Northwest Pipeline dated November 3 , 1995 . WT-1 Compressor Station Electric Agreements between TWPL & Southwestern Public Service: Electric Service Agreement dated March 8 , 1996 Amendment effective June 1 , 2000 Agreement dated October 27 , 1999 Bisti Compressor Station Electric Agreements between TWPL & Enron Compression Services: Compression Services Agreement dated March 31 , 1999 Amendment effective June 18 , 1999 Letter Agreement dated June 18 , 1999 Letter Agreement dated June 30 , 1999 Operations & Maintenance Agreement dated September 9 , 1996 ( I don't have a copy of this . I just have a copy of the Amendment. ) Amendment dated June 18 , 1999 Gallup Compressor Station Electric Agreements between TWPL & Enron Compression Services: Compression Services Agreement dated October 18 , 1999 Gas Conversion Agreement October 18 , 1999 Letter Agreement dated February 23 , 2000 Amendment dated March 24 , 2000 Operations & Maintenance Agreement dated October 18 , 1999 Operational Control Agreement dated February 11 , 2000 Gas Logistics ( Christine McEvoy ) already had copies of the Blanco Hub Agreements . I don't have copies of the March 31 , 1999 Bloomfield Compression Services Agreement or the September 9 , 1996 Bloomfield Operations & Maintenance Agreement ( referenced in the Bisti Agreements) . James , do you have copies ? Who else would have a copies ?
Lee Huber has located copies of the Bloomfield O&M & Compression Services Agreements and a copy of the Bisti O&M Agreement . She is giving these copies to Bill Brown .
How does this look ?
Rich , Give me a call when you have a chance to discuss . Thanks , Lindy
James , please find the file attached with the SoCal amounts in dispute as we discussed . Let me know if you need any further assistance . Richard , We are meeting tomorrow afternoon ( internally ) to discuss a possible SoCal settlement position . Could you verify the amounts from March , 2001 through September , 2001 by lunch time tomorrow ? ( I was using a combination of a spreadsheet Linda Ward had provided to me a couple months ago and inquiring in the CBS invoice system . I want to make sure I have the most current information. ) If not , let me know your timing . Also , have we been billing interest on the disputed amounts ? I don't see anything in the invoice system . Please let me know . Thanks , Lindy
Attached is a spreadsheet where James has calculated the interest owed by SoCal . The interest totals about $0.5 MM . We have not been billing interest . The system does not generate an interest invoice until the disputed amount is paid . Then , based upon when it's paid , the interest is calculated .
The last slide I'm working on is the "Detail of Market Value" slide . I have a draft completed , but Steve has not been able to review it . As long as I can get time with him in the morning and the changes aren't significant I should be able to have the presentation to you .
Could all y'all check my work = ) before I send this out to everyone ? ( Scroll-down to the highlighted areas. ) Thank you !
Thanks Mary Kay !
How's this ?
Please print a few copies of this spreadsheet and take them to Tracy in her meeting this morning . Thanks , Lindy
I faxed it to you , but I think I know why it wouldn't print . Go to Sheet 1(2 ) - Sorry , it's the revised one .
Attached is a revised offer per our conference call yesterday . The 1st tab is the summary . The 2nd tab has the calculations ( as well as for the other alternatives we discussed) .
Oh ! Doesn't he just steal your heart ? Thank you for the pictures . I have the 3rd one on my screen background . What an angel ! I'm glad you liked everything and it fits . I hope you can find a tiny little picture of his sweet little face to put in his blue bejeweled frame . Isn't our Sam a handsome boy ! He says pickle , boat , nose , eyes , daddy's car , grandma ( this is when he's referring to Tony with a blanket wrapped around his head like a scarf) , milk , water , beans , hush chloe & I get binky . He is wonderful . Sam & I are bonding this weekend . The kids were all 3 going to NYC with Lisa for the weekend , but Anthony doesn't want to go . So , he's staying with us , but he and Tony are going to the river in Utopia , TX to take Anthony deer hunting for the first time . They're staying at Tony's grandma's house . She's very excited to see them . Anthony is very excited and wanted to know if they could get him some "camo" Friday night ( it's all about the clothes these days) . That's about all I know . It's good that you're going into work and getting out of the house . It sounds like you're hanging in there . I hope you're able to get some more sleep . I'm sure it won't seem soon enough , but you will get to sleep again sometime in the next year or so = ) ( It does sound like a long time when you say it out loud . Sorry . It'll go by fast! ) I'm excited that Khalid will be baptized by your friend . He sounds like an enlightened man and I think it's nice for him to recognize both your and Ahmed's faith . Khalid is a lucky baby . I wish we could be there . Take care and tell Ahmed hi . Give Khalid a kiss & a squeeze . Love , Lindy
Let me know if we're syncing-up . If we're off in June - Dec , check what I have for the Red Rock Adm Ctrc ( I know Dennis made some changes . I think I have the most current , but possibly not. ) Thanks , Lindy
Yes , I did receive it , but I was going to call you because it was issued under my previous married name "Lindy H . Currier" . How could I get it issued in the correct name "Lindy Donoho" ? Please let me know .
Let me know if you need any help for Thursday's meeting .
Perry had asked me whether this contract had ROFR or not because he thinks it should be terminated , but CAS is still reserving capacity for the contract because it has a ROFR flag on it in CBS . I think that this contract does not have ROFR , but could you confirm this for me ? If my memory is correct , I thought that this agreement was always done just a month or two at a time and that at the end of each term it was negotiated with the price desk ( & more recently TK ) to roll for another month or so . If I'm thinking of the right contract , that would mean that it did not have a ROFR ( because it was not for a year or longer ) and that it terminated 3/31/2001 . Could you check the contract file for me and look at the amendment history to confirm that the agreement did not have a year or longer term ? If not , then this agreement should not have the ROFR contract on it . Let me know . Thanks !
CAS continues to reserve the capacity under the contract , as if it's not terminated , as long as there is a ROFR flag on the contract . ROFR indicates that the customer has a contractual right to extend the contract pursuant to certain parameters in the tariff .
I have nothing to report . Lindy
Thanks !
FYI for our meeting Tuesday , 11/27 at 2:00 with Dave .
It had come up in a meeting that TW was being allocated some $$ associated with NNG personnel ( probably storage desk in Houston & Omaha and risk management people) . Is there anyway that you can tell us the people ( partial people ) who are being allocated to TW ?
I'm a little nervous actually commenting that we have Shipper imbalances . Here are my comments .
I like Terry's suggestion . In fact , in the preceding paragraph and the following paragraph where we refer to "shippers" , we could refer to "customers" instead .
My other comments on the tariff sheets were as follows: Section 35.2 2nd paragraph , 3rd sentence . Explanation of "incremental revenue" . When we talk about revenues which TW already receives from reservation charges being paid prior to the bid period . What if we're taking bids on future capacity and we're trying to get revenue that is incremental to reservations charges we're not necessarily being paid yet ? The language is so specific . Can we change the language to refer to revenues incremental to what TW already has contractually committed ? 2nd paragraph , last sentence . The phrase "guaranteed throughput volume service applies only in the case of a negotiated rate" . What does this mean ? TK & I were both a littles confused by this language . 4th paragraph , 4th sentence . The phrase "the value of the index based rate bids will be calculated using the applicable published indices available on the bid deadline" . TK , is the phrase "published indices" generic enough or should we use something broader that might encompass basis quotes ? I realize it will probably have to be something that is published .
Amy confirmed for me that USGT's scheduled volumes West on Ctrcc 27161 since 11/1/01 total 13,785 . She is not including the volumes for today ( 11/20) , since it's not a final volume for the day yet .
Attached is the slide detailing expansions to California as of 11/7/2001 . Please review and forward as needed to JPMorgan .
Dan asked me for a copy of the offer we sent to SoCal on the billing issue . I must have deleted the e:mail . Do you still have it electronically & if so , could you forward it to Dan ? He's interested in the excel spreadsheet with the $$ impact . Thanks ! Lindy
I have a 2:00 meeting with a customer . It should only last about an hour , but I might be able to be there until 3:15 or 3:30 .
How does this look ? Also , I did change some numbers in the excel spreadsheet: The Ignacio to Blanco subscription levels were pulling from the row excluding ROFR capacity in the supporting sheet . I changed it to be consistent with the other capacities ( which include ROFR capacity) . Shelley had made some assumptions about East of Thoreau capacity subscription , such as , the USGT 400,000/d contract would remain subscribed ( it doesn't have ROFR ) and she had included the extension of 2-3 other contracts that don't have ROFR . These contracts were then dropped after 2005 . I continued the extensions through 2006 . I changed the East of Thoreau capacity to 750,000/d from 850,000/d .
Would you be able to attend this meeting at 3:00 ? I will be there ASAP ( maybe at 3:00 even) , but I'm meeting on the electric compression agreements at 2:00 and I think I may not be able to get to this meeting until 3:15 or 3:30 . Please let Ramona know . Thanks !
Rick , for your review , Amy Mulligan gave me the volumes each month for Calpine & Griffith . We used actual volumes delivered ( not scheduled volumes) , per question #19 .
Either time is good for me .
Yes , please . I need the 2002 At-A-Glance , the smaller one with one month per two pages . Please see my current calendar on my desk if this does not make sense . Thanks Audrey !
I can be there .
Per our conference call today , here are some ideas to get TW Settlement Value . 1 . SoCal to commit to TW to let us schedule transport at the SoCal/Topock ( South Needles ) delivery point . 2 . SoCal to turnback 20,000 to 25,000/d of receipt capacity from the WTX Pool , at no cost to TW ( SoCal continues to pay for it) . 3 . TW has been scheduling PG&E's payback to SoCal at SoCal/Topock to help PG&E and SoCal . SoCal to schedule this as transport from PG&E/Topock ( as a RP ) to SoCal/Topock ( DP ) and pay TW transport fee . 4 . SoCal to agree ( in writing ) to dedicate to TW the incremental 50,000/d at Needles becoming available Jan , 2002 until Red Rock Expansion in-service . 5 . SoCal to amend their OBA to dollar-valued ( from volumetric ) and cash-out their existing OBA with TW ( at TW's index value) . 6 . SoCal to sell storage to TW . 7 . SoCal to purchase incremental Thoreau to West of Thoreau capacity from TW . 8 . Extension of SoCal's mainline &/or San Juan lateral contracts . Or early notice of termination or early notice of ROFR trigger ( so that we would have the opportunity to remarket it) .
Can we all plan to get on the phone with Maria tomorrow ( Thurs ) at 10:00 to discuss some questions with Elizabeth about East of CA ? We've apparently been inconsistent in our interpretation for different purposes ( reporting and system mod's , etc. ) and want to get it all straight . Elizabeth , can you come to th 13th floor and then we'll grab a room/table/office and call Maria ? Thanks !
Maria , Please let me know when you can meet tomorrow . TK is out tomorrow through Dec 26th , but we can't meet this afternoon because Elizabeth is out today . So , let me know when Elizabeth & I can get with you tomorrow .
Please let me know a soon as possible this morning ( by 9:30 if possible ) what the annual dollars are we collect from NWPL & PNM for the Blanco Hub and from NWPL for the La Plata Facilities . I need the total dollars ( both the Operating and Market Services together) . I just need a ballpark number . Whatever was the agreed to budget for 2001 on the Blanco Hub and whatever that flat fee is for the 3 years on the La Plata Facilities . THANK YOU! ! Lindy
Kevin needs to know how much money TW made in 2001 on excess fuel sales ( whatever is the most current number - 3rd CE?) . And then he would also like to know revenue in the 2002 Plan dependent on excess fuel sales - let's use the Plan numbers as submitted in Nov . ( FYI Kevin , we are re-looking at the 2002 Plan right now & there could be changes. )
In an effort to get cash in the door for TW and to maximize revenue opportunity for TW in the coming year , I think we should look at getting two proposals on file with the FERC as soon as possible . One would be the OBA filing we have been discussing ( and trying to support with historical data ) to get automatic cash-out on OBA's in "constrained" areas on TW . Second would be to look at filing for scheduling by price at alternate FT points . This may be the time ( the market to California is not so hot ) to try to implement this . I know we will have to look hard at the cost of the system modifications required and whether we can justify them . Glen is already scheduling a meeting next week for further discussion of the OBA tariff filing . Could we discuss scheduling alternate FT by price at the same meeting ?
The total number would be $330,000 per year .
Thanks for your prompt response !
Thanks Glen !
Thanks Audrey !
Thank you for all of your help ! I appreciate your quick response . Lindy
Amy & Ahmed , Thank you so much for the pictures of Khalid . We are so disappointed we will not get to see him at Christmas . Maybe we can plan a trip to Memphis sometime in the coming year . I wanted to let you know that we've sent a box of "stuff" to your house . They are hand-me-downs from Sammy - clothes & his whirlin' twirlin' garden . Please feel free to sell in a garage sale or donate anything you don't want/need . Hopefully he can get some use out of some things . How are you all ? Getting ready for the trip to Omaha ? Are you driving or flying ? Everyone is good here . We will get the kids Friday and have them until the evening of Christmas Eve . Sam is having a Christmas party at school this Thursday . I'm going to be baking cookies for that . Sam is wonderful! ! He is the sweetest boy . I've finally figured-out the digital camara , so I'll try to send some pic's soon . Take care . We love & miss you . Lindy
Per our discussions yesterday , I did find an Iroquois Gas Transmission System , L.P . Order On Rehearing in my file , dated August 5 , 1997 in Docket No . RP97-126-002 ( 80 FERC P61,199 ) concerning scheduling alt FT by price . On reviewing it again , some key points were: Allocate based on the highest percentage of the maximum rate - the rate used being the rate for the package of services that includes those secondary rights . The Commission maintains that all firm capacity , once scheduled , be curtailed pro rata , without regard to price . Panhandle also filed on March 14 , 1997 for scheduling alt FT by price at Docket No . RP97-291 ( it's referenced in footnotes , but I don't have a copy of the filing) .
Craig , What is the definition of "non-standard" for your purposes ? Give me a call to discuss and I'll verify . ( X36007 ) Thanks ! Lindy
Thanks for setting this up !
We spoke briefly with Randy this morning and let him know that Richardson took the gas in Dec the 22-31 . He was okay with this . He wants to wait to change the volume until the 12th . We told him you would let him know later today the amount he should nominate for Jan 12-31 . Here's our calculation . Please confirm or correct and forward to Randy when you get in this afternoon . Thanks ! January amount 361,708 December amount 112,452 Total 474,160 *Still assuming 21,447 for 1/11 .
Please mark me down for: 1/1 Holiday 1/2 Sick Day 1/3 Vacation Day ( 8 hours ) 1/4 "Friday Off" Thanks , Lindy
Could you run that report for me of the current and future effective firm contracts on TW ? Thank you ! Lindy
Thank you for your quick response = )
Hi Ken ! I heard in our Staff Mtg that you were "going over to the other side" = ) I will miss you , but I wish you good luck . When you have a minute , call me and let me know your reflections on your new opportunity . I hope you're doing okay - going with the flow . Who knows - in a few months we could be reunited - stranger things have happened ! Lindy
Absolutely ! Currently , my title is "Director Customer Service Initiatives ( I think?) , Marketing , Transwestern Pipeline Company" .
The only thing I have to add , if this is our premise , Williams Field Services is not an "owner" of the Blanco Hub . Only PNM , NWPL and Transwestern are owners and should be the only parties that can transport gas across the hub header system without a fee ( because they are in effect transporting on their own pipeline) . I'm wondering if it's appropriate for WFS to have a "hub" agreement , if the purpose is for the Operator ( TW ) to be able identify transactions scheduled across the hub on the owners' capacity .
I taked with Kathy about WFS . They are not an owner , but are transporting on NWPL's capacity in the Hub . Please see the attached revised document where I've added to the explanation of the Hub agreements .
Please see the attached PowerPoint presentation . This is a first draft of certain sections ( Industry Environment , Competitive Environment and Revenue Generation ) of the TW Ratings Package .
Thanks ! I just wanted to know the schedule to see if we needed to leave a key out for ya'll on Thursday or anything . Sam & I will be home by the time you get to the house . Friday is my day off , so that works out well . We're looking forward to seeing you guys ! Get ready to be "bossed" by the master = ) Sam's running the show ! Love , Lindy
I am planning on taking vacation on the following days: 1/2 day Monday morning , 1/28 2 days Thursday & Friday , 1/31 & 2/1 ( Sam's school is closed ) Please let me know if there are any conflicts with this schedule . Thanks , Lindy
I'm sorry I won't be in the office tomorrow . Lindy
I'm sorry I wasn't in this morning . Can you fill me in on the meeting when you have time ? Thanks , Lindy
What is the elementary school for the Autumn Lake subdivision ? Thank you , Lindy Donoho
Amy & Ahmed , Sorry it's taken me so long to reply . Thank you for the darling pictures of Khalid . I'm going to have to change my screensaver here at work because I still have one of the "washed in stardust" pic's and of course he's totally changed ! He's so handsome and has such a pretty complexion - and those beautiful , big , brown eyes - what a sweetheart ! We had a great visit with "PaPaFlo" ! Dad ( Cal our Dad ) taught Sam to jump ( sort of ) and now he's unable to just walk anywhere , but has to jump his way where ever he goes ( thanks Dad!) . I think PaPaFlo ( which now refers to your mom and Dad simultaneaously ) got satisfactorily worn-out by their toddling grandson . We went on the slide , "go to swingies" , "play-da-cars" , "draw-da-picture" , "play-da-firetruck" , "ride-da-wagon" and "read-da-book" - and I was happy to hear PaPaFlo proceeding each of those phrases rather than Mommy . Sam is busy ! I heard Khalid had a cough . I hope that clears up soon . I also heard you were looking at a new house . That's exciting - I'm sure you could use the room . Good luck with that ! Tony is on the third week of his new job . It seems to be going well . He was bored , but now they gave him two houses in the sheetrock stage to finish . I hope Ahmed's new job is good too . Amy , I heard your job was working well from a flexibility standpoint with Khalid . That is really a blessing . I won't mention how my job is going , except I'm still here and we don't know anything you don't know . We were sad to hear about Mr . Sutton . The kids are all fine . Missy was disappointed she didn't get to see your mom and Dad while they were here . She probably thought she might get a present = ) I need to get out the digital camara and get some new pic's of Sam . I'll try to get those your way soon . I'm sure Dad & Flo will have some from their visit too . Take care ! Love , Lindy , Tony , Sam & the kids
Ken , Did you tell me once that you had documented the calculations contained in the Daily Balance report ? I'm thinking ( oh-oh ) that I might not be able to talk with you after Friday and I wondered if you could send me a copy of your documentation &/or let me know who will have the file ( Richard Hanagriff) ? Thanks , Lindy
How are you? ! It's so good to hear from you . Of course I get the updates from Lorrainey & I knew about your new job . I hope everything is going well there . Lorraine said that you really liked it . I thought of Florabama when I heard you were hired at Duke . Lucky we didn't do anything truly offensive ( I don't think ) in our negotiations with them . We need to meet you for lunch someday . It would be great to see Jeff too , if we could get ahold of him . He called the other day with a building question . He sounded good and said Lisa had some irons in the fire . Everything here is...wierd! ! And it's pretty sad . The NNG commercial people go over ( red rover , red rover ) to Dynegy starting Friday . ( This would include Mary Kay - talk about a midlife crisis! ) It's all pretty sad ( along with Lay resignation , Baxter suicide , etc. ) The new guy started today - who knows? ! How is Craig ? It looks like Calpine is holding their own . I've left some messages for Diana , but haven't heard back from her . Sam is wonderful . He is talking alot and he's very busy! ! My dad and my stepmom , Flo , were here this last weekend for a visit . Tony and I got to go out to dinner and to a movie - WOW ! Thanks for keeping in touch . Let's rally the troops soon for a ladies luncheon . Lindy
Can I help you with anything else for the TW presentation ?
FYI - status of TW presentation .
March 9th would be good for us . Thanks ! Lindy
It's a kids weekend , so we'll see if we can get babysitters .
Here is a diagram of the general segment capacities on Transwestern for the past 2006 analysis . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Lindy
Jan already has TW's average historical rates derived from TW's actuals ( contract rates and throughput/MAXDTQ's ) totaled up to TW's contract paths for 2000 and 2001 . I am going to use these numbers to allocate the path average rates to the pipeline segments in Davis' template .
Here's the file .
Michael , I prepared the TW Marketing slides . I have been incorporating Kim and Steve's comments . You can work with me on any questions you have or any additional information you may need from Marketing . I follow-up on your notes in red . Lindy
Here's what Ron worked up .
The "Total 2001 Revenue" number for slide 26 is $179,447,244 . The percentages are: Texaco 9% Duke 4% El Paso 4% Burlington 3% Agave 3% Other Shippers 22% ( $38,875,051 )
The source for "Growing Power Generation Markets" pie slide is the Arizona Corporation Commission ( this is Arizona's PUC) .
The note "need to verify" appears on this slide , after the bullet "110,000 MMcfd annual average increase" . I calculated this average annual amount from the first bullet "CA's natural gas use will increase from 6,400 MMcfd in 2000 to 7,500 MMcfd in 2010" . The first bullet and the third bullet are from the same source as the graph , The California Energy Commission . Specifically , it's from their "California Natural Gas Analysis and Issues" Staff Report , dated November 2000 . The CEC's more current report from October , 2001 , did not include specific long-term demand projections ( it is focused on infrastructure issues) . That's the source of the numbers on this slide .
You are correct . I've got my units confused - the amount on slide #11 should be 110 MMcfd . On the San Juan slide #14 , I've left out a phrase from the report . The report reads " total basin wellhead production peaked in 1999 at 4.3 Bcf/cd and is expected to decline almost 22% , about 2.4% per year , to 3.4 Bcf/cd by 2010" . In the tabular information of the study , 1999 begins with 4,306 MMcf/d and 2010 ends with 3,351 MMcf/d .
I talked with Steve about this bullet . Let's insert the phrase "...due to capitalizing on market volatility."
On slide # 17 , as we discussed yesterday , I think we'll have to do without the 2001 throughput numbers because the FERC Form 2's aren't published yet for 2001 . We could update the presentation when the numbers are published . On slide # 28 , there's a note at the bottom "% of Revenue" . What do we need here ? Do I need to get you a number(s) ?
I would recommend the following assumptions for capacity resubscription froThe historical average rates should be assumed for the resubscription of East and Ignacio to Blanco capacity rolling-off during this time period . The forward curves that have been discussed represent the value of capacity to California , not East to East or Ignacio to Blanco capacity . I don't think that max rates for the capacity represented in these groups is appropriateThe max rate at $.1020 is appropriate for the San Juan group . The appropriate max rate for the West group is $.2868 . The volume of Ignacio to Blanco capacity available for resubscription should be reduced . Today , we have contracts from Ignacio to the Blanco Hub that then continue on Transwestern on another contract . ( These contracts existed before Transwestern owned this line and were assigned to Transwestern when we purchased the facilities from NWPL. ) Because of this "artificial break" in the contracts , Transwestern is collecting the San Juan lateral rate once on a contract from Ignacio to Blanco and then again on another contract from Blanco to Thoreau ( or to the CA border) . In the future , when this capacity is resubscribed , the contracts will most likely not be split at the Blanco Hub and Transwestern will only extract the San Juan lateral rate once from Ignacio to Thoreau ( or to the CA border) . Jan and I will look at the Ignacio capacity that has historically continued on Transwestern south of the Blanco Hub ( vs . delivering to El Paso at Blanco) . We will come up with a % to be applied to the Ignacio to Blanco capacity that should be resubscribed at a zero rate ( or the capacity to be resubscribed can be reduced - whichever is easier to put in the model) .
Attached is the spreadsheet updated for the I to I deals . Please see the first tab for summarized info .
I took vacation ( 8 ) on February 1st .
It's showing the percentage of capacity subscribed vs . total capacity .
The fuel assumptions to be backed-out of the spread should be: 2002 - 2006 San Juan to CA 4.75% 2007 - on San Juan to CA 2.50% 2007 - on Permian to CA 2.50% Kevin , Tracy , Steve , Paul - Let me know if you think these are not the right assumptions .
This morning in our meeting , we discussed 3 cases to be run in the TW 2010 model . I've summarized them in the attached spreadsheet so we can keep track of our variables . I will be sending you additional info for the various cases . Please call to discuss . Thanks , Lindy
Here's the spreadsheet with numbers for the 3 cases . Please refer to the Assumptions tab ( updated numbers in the Summary , Fuel Price & Rates tabs) .
What is the status of the draft from Gina Taylor's group ? Will they be sending it to me for review ?
The revenue impact of the in-service delay of the Red Rock Expansion is as follows: Volume Plan Revenue Month trsp/fuel 40,000/d 30 days 0 0 ( June - made no subscription assumption in Plan ) Total $320,000 ( Fuel calculated at 2.5% upside )
I didn't get a response from Tracy yesterday , so I'll ask you . Is Gina Taylor's group working on a draft of the Business Plan ? I understood from Tracy in our meeting with Steve last Friday that someone in Gina's group would be working on a draft of the text version of the presentation . Do you know if that's happening ?
I've attached Michael's most recent version ( from Friday ) of the PowerPoint presentation I put together and I've incorporated Tracy's comments ( from yesterday) . Ron Matthews had drafted a history for Tracy - it appears on a slide in the presentation . This is all we have as far as a basic overview and history .
Attached is redlined draft . Plese see changes to the History and Customers & Contracts sections requested .
Here is the summary of the expansions currently included in the 10 year projection.I received from James .
Please sign me up for the Monday March 18th session at 1:30 . Will you be sending the location ?
What is the question ?
Sorry , I didn't see the questions below . We were using historical rates ( no fuel adjustment because we collect it in fuel sales ) through 2006 . After 2006 , I calculated an adjustment to add to the historical rates ( assuming that we would recapture some of the value of the spread in the rate ) and it made the rate greater than the max tariff rate . Davis and I discussed that we didn't think we should assume anything in the models over max rate , so Davis said he would use the max rate after 2006 . ( All of this is just pertaining to the West rates. ) The historical average West rate is $.2565 . The historical West rate with fuel adjustment added is $.3404 . The max rate is $.2868 . It's the same thing someone commented below ( in blue ) in response to the question - "if we are at average rates we would be able to get it back ( fuel over-retention ) up to the max rate number."
It's just one slide . The 2nd bullet is true in the recent past , but not necessarily going forward . I'd have to check with Jan tomorrow if the 4th bullet is in the ballpark . Neither of these bullets represent a timeframe - Gina said this is very high level . I guess the last bullet kind of sums up our caveat . Let me know if you have comments . Gina said she had been running this all past Rod .
Tracy had suggested that we leave the Marketing Strategy to the end after we put together the 10 year plan so that we could address how we plan to meet it . I had included in my drafts to Kevin the Mktg Strategy slides ( 2 ) from our 2002 stuff , but we probably need to expand that to address expansions etc , but I was waiting until we finalized what we were going to project in the 10 year plan . The strategy should be the same for the Rating Agency slide bullets as for the Business Plan Text .
Did you have any comments ? Want anything changed/added/deleted ?
Jan , I had a number from you for one of the presentations we put together , but I wasn't sure if it was the final , actuals for 2001 . What was TW's total actual throughput for 2001 ?
Jan , What percentage of our revenues from from demand charges in 2001 ? Gina has a bullet here that says "over 90%" . Is this in the ballpark ?
I have 1.8 Bcf/d for annual daily average for total system in 2001 on TW .
That's what I was asking Jan previously - does the 1.8 Bcf/d include any estimates or is that an actual number ? Gina , I am waiting for Steve to respond to two e:mails I've sent him requesting comments on the slide . He is in Dallas today .
No problem !
Thank you !
Effective March 1 , 2002 , I will not be working the 9/80 schedule anymore . Please let me know if you need anything else from me . Thanks , Lindy
Yes , I'll be working a regular 5x8 schedule . What voicemail ? Are you thinking of someone else ?
Sorry ! Here are the bullets: - 2,500 mile pipeline extending from west Texas to the California border with 1.7 Bcf/day of peak capacity - Maximum Rate Environment Due to Increased California Demand - Bi-Directional Flow Capabilities Provides Flexibility to Rapidly Adapt Regional Demand - Over 90% of Revenues From Demand Charges - Western Deliveries Fully Subscribed Through Dec 2005 , Eastern Deliveries Fully Subscribed Through Dec 2002; Well-Positioned for Recontracting - No New Rate Case Until November 2006 - Overbuilding into Cal . can compromise resubscription of contracts ( not unique to TW ) The slide includes these bullets , a map of TW and a barchart with 1999-2001 throughput . I asked Gina to change the 90% to 80% in 4th bullet . How do you feel about the "Maximum Rate Environment . .." bullet ?
I am planning to take take vacation days on March 8 & 11 and on March 29 & April 1 . Please let me know if there are any scheduling conflicts . Thanks , Lindy
Hello ! I was asleep at the wheel there . I'll have Gina change that to 85% subscribed on average through 2005 . There is not time period referenced on the max rate statement .
Gina needed to finalize , so we deleted the "max rate environment" bullet .
This is my understanding too . We can discount GRI away and we only have to pay the Gas Research Institute what we collect . We have to pay the ACA , if we discount it away . One more check would be Jeanette Doll . Jeanette ?
I tried to find the original spreadsheet that I'm sure you sent me where you calculated these quarterly rates , but I can't find it . Do you recall these rates ? My question is , I think we used just demand dollars ( so I don't think commodity is in here ) - how is it that the San Juan rates are above the maximum $.1020 ? There really aren't any surcharges for San Juan to Thoreau transactions . Can you try to look at this to see why the rate might be averaging greater than max ? Thanks! !
Thank you !
President's Day Holiday on 2/18 and my last Friday off on 2/22 . Thanks Audrey !
How does this look ? The first slide is the flyer to be distributed to the parents in the kids' bags . The second slide I'll print to put on a large manila envelope for the each classroom door . Did I forget any info ? Does it sound voluntary enough ? Let me know your comments and I'll run it past someone in the office this evening or on Monday and try to have the envelopes out on Monday . I'll collect the checks each evening when I pick-up Sam . Thanks , Lindy
Okay . I've already drafted some Marketing Strategy stuff that Steve's reviewing . Let me know when you want to get together to discuss .
Here's a simple first draft . I didn't know how much detail we should get into . Ramona , am I using the correct terminology ? They are not going to confirm in Cycle 1 . They are just going to let us fill-in where El Paso filled-up all the capacity downstream . Let me know your comments . Thanks !
That's probably a good idea . I'll wait until I get our comments .
I'm asking Ramona a question - it would probably be good if I had her on the address list = ) Also , Terry & Shelley - any comments ? We were discussing this in a meeting Friday afternoon and after I incorporate all of our comments , we're going to run it past SoCal as well . This change is pursuant to a conversation Steve had with Ladd Lorenz last week .
Can you help me with addressing some of these issues ? Let's talk after Staff Mtg . Thanks !
FYI , Looks like we have a few adm things to get in place before we can implement .
Yes Dad , you did it right ! Hope ya'll are okay . I'll call you tonight PaPaFlo . Love You ! Lindy
I'll have to research the contract . I'll try to get back with you today .
I think we can get with Ramona and Mary Draemer to discuss . They may just be able to work it through their contacts at SoCal . I do think we will want to run the posting past SoCal before we put it out there .
I had been meaning to reply to your message you sent to Tony & me a few weeks ago , after you showed us the houses on Winter Wheat . I saw this morning that 66 Winter Wheat had an option pending = ( I love that house ! But , we are not in a position yet to make a decision about moving , so I guess it wasn't meant to be . I just wanted to let you know that we appreciated you coming out to show us some homes the other weekend and following-up so promptly with your e:mail on other houses . If we do decide that we're coming to the Woodlands , we will be calling you to look for a house . We really enjoyed meeting you and think that it would be great to work with you to look for a home . Thank you ! Lindy
It is my understanding ( from Kevin Hyatt ) that its like Arizona's PUC .
Good Luck !
I wasn't at this meeting ( I was out yesterday) .
Lorraine , This is Southern's Gallup contract . I've looked at our yellow file we keep down here and the original agreement only allowed alt RP's & DP's within the path , in the direction of flow , at the discounted rate . Then , I see an amendment to allow them alternate DP's at the CA Border . I don't see anything else here . Are you aware of any deals that allowed them to use alt RP's in East of Thoreau ? Ramona , Can you ask Dennis to look in Envision &/or pull the official contract file for you and check to see if there are any other amendments ? Thanks , Lindy
Tuesday at 2:00 is good for me !
Just wanted to let you know I had a phone message from Nancy Mallard(sp? ) today . Her daughter is a bunny . She had a suggestion for the basket . The James Avery catalog has some sterling silver charms ( for a bracelet or a necklace ) that are bugs . A dragon fly ( $17.50) , a honey bee ( $12.50 ) and a lady bug ( $15) . I left her a message and told her I thought it sounded like a great idea . I told her we would get back with her after next week ( & collecting donations ) to see if she would like to purchase one to donate for the basket or if she could provide us with the catalog ( because I don't receive that one) . I've already looked on the internet to see if I could get a look . Apparently , there's not a website . FYI , we'll touch-base later . Lindy
I can be there .
Here is the projected subscribed capacity and revenue through 2010 . This was updated in February , 2002 . Please review it to determine all of this info is appropriate to be provided to the rating agencies . Most ( if not all ) of TW's contracts have confidentiality provisions concerning the rates . I'm assuming we have Confidentiality Agreements with the rating agencies .
1 sick day - March 6
Looks good to me . Should John Duschinske and Greg Porter be listed on the officers for Transwestern ?
I got your message . They just got my phone and computer hooked-up ( I'm on 39 now) . Can you get together tomorrow ? How about 10:00 ? Let me know . Thanks , Lindy
Well , I can't meet at 10:00 . Steve just asked me to attend a "Stan restructuring" meeting for him at 10:00 ( Steve's on vacation) . I'd say let's reschedule for this afternoon , but I want to wait to see if there's anything we have to do ASAP from this meeting this afternoon . Let me get back with you .
We have collected $85 so far . Yipee! !
I see at the bottom of the Business Plan where Tracy has asked for written assumptions for the forecast from you . Has this been completed ? Steve would like to see this by sometime tomorrow morning for his review before our 2:00 meeting . When will we have this ?
Currently , Transwestern is considering the TransPecos project , a joint venture where Transwestern would own a 50% undivided interest in a new pipeline with capacity of 311 MMcf/d accessing Mexican markets near the El Paso/Juarez area .
Sounds like it's more than just us !
Shellley would like to meet at 9:30 on Monday in her office to discuss Transwestern customer accounts . Please let me know if you have a conflict with this time . Thanks , Lindy
Here's this message .
Attached is the list of items and prices . I'll put a check for $37 in Amanda's bag today ( if I'm there before you ) or tomorrow . It might be today if I can arrange to meet Rita to drop-off my items to her during lunch . Maybe I'll get to see you there dropping-off stuff - I'd love to see everything picked-out . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Lindy
This is the speadsheet we have been working off of for the 2010 model that Kevin Howard is running . Please let me know if you have questions or would like me to summarize this for you in a more useful format for your reference . Lindy
