Sorry ,  I have not given you feedback earlier but I've been on vacation . Randy continues to do an excellent job . He anticipates questions and usually has the answers . He is a very dedicated employee and continues to expand on his knowledge base . He has helped the traders trade the permian and waha points on a daily basis and such commercial experience has proven to be very valuable regarding looking for alternatives to move gas . The only area for improvement that I might suggest would be to challenge others or state his opinion if he has a different opinion from others rather than not say anything or go along with the status quo . He tends to want to be nonconfrontational which is not a bad thing but this is a tough environment and he could get run over if he does not state his opinion .
Becky- If Burlington and Amoco have the right to turn back east end transport-ENA would like to be included in that group regarding turning back our Havasou transport .
Us girls have talked about visiting you but just couldn't agree on a date . Joe and I just got back from a vacation in Banff , Canada with Jackie and Dannie . We had a wonderful time . We did some major hiking there . It was so relaxing . We had no t.v . or phone for a week . We're going to Montana over Labor Day week-end for Joe's niece's wedding . Can't believe Joe and I are taking 2 vacatins this year . Regarding logistically getting to your ranch , is it possible to fly into Colorado Springs or do we need to fly into Denver ? We would love to come visit you if we can agree on a date because I love to hike .
It's not looking good to come visit you this summer . Deb is moving into her new house sometime during th end of July and then she promised to take her nieces and nephews on vacation sometime this summer . I think we are going to try for next spring or summer to come visit you if the offer is still open. . Sorry- I'm sure you are disappointed . However , if something changes , we will let you know .
I don't think I do but thanks anyway .
I just received the shirts this morning . They are perfect . It's a pleasure doing business with you .
When are we going to lunch in your new car ?
Since I do not track actual volume flows ,  you probably can contact Morgan at ext 36406 . She handles border flows .
Why are you sending this to me ?
What am I suppose to do ? I don't trade barrels of crude and is the dispute regarding the price of crude on certain days or what ? I think this is an old del that Fred Lagrasta did .
Below is a summary of the discussions last week regarding the complaint against El Paso for oversubscribing the Socal Topock Point . The meeting started out by summarizing the dollar impact of the Border cuts to Amoco and Burlington of $3 million dollars and the additional fuel costs of $15 million that they have incurred when the mainline fuel was reduced and the gathering fuel was increased . Accordingly , producers are seeking a minimum of $17 million in compensation in some form or another . The biggest concern is that a total of 1.2 bcf/day is being nominated at the Socal Topock which can only deliver 540000 mmbtu/day . Socal Gas stated that this problem should go away when there system becomes unbundled ( referred to as Gatekeeper). . The proceeding is currently pending CPUC approval and could be implemented as early as October 1 , 2001 . When the Gatekeeper is implemented ,  only 540000 mmbtu/day will be accepted at the Socal Topock border and must match up with the intra-state transport . SoCal Gas suggested taking the 1.2 bcf/day of nominations at the Topock delivery point and divide it up based on the original intent of the capapcity- 400 to Mohave; 540 to Socal Topock; and 180 to PGE Topock . They also stated they would accept less than 540 at Topock but needed a minimum of 300 to meet core needs . However , they wanted some type of compensation if their volume was reduced . They also agreed to live with the status quo until the Gatekeeper was implemented . This would result in firm rights being established at Socal Topock based on downstream rights . Williams owns Block 3 capacity and is willing to look at a CD reduction or a reduced take requirement or use of alternate points with a rate adjustment . After much discussion , El Paso came back with the following counter proposal: Recommended interim solution until Socal Gatekeeper implemented . Does not relate to receipt point rights . 1 ) Block 1 Capacity will always be alternate to Socal Topock ( 198000); 2)Block II Capacity can not be sold at PGE Topock ( 614000 ) 3 ) Amoco and OneOk each have a contract 45000/d which can go to Topock or Ehrenberg . It is recommended that they give up their Ehrenberg right and keep Topock right and Socal will give up like amount at Topock as well as shift an additional 70000 mmbtu/day from Topock to Ehrenberg resulting in approx . 115000 being shifted to Ehrenberg . 4 ) Rights fro expansion shippers would be carved up as follows: 5 ) Socal Topock would now be divided as follows: Expansion Shippers 78000 El Paso Merchant;15-Wlliams ) Total 851000 540 divided by 841 would result in 37 percent cuts or 63 percent thruput . The producers were not happy with having to live with 37 percent cuts and felt that any transport sold after their Sept 28 complaint should be cut off the top which would be El Paso merchant services Blk 3 . Separate meetings were then held amongst the Topock shippers to duscuss El Paso's counter -proposal . Producer group came back and told El Paso that they want the 63 percent thruput increased . Will accept CD reduction , rate design change or other forms of compensation . For the recommended volumes moved to Mohave/Pge Topock , they would consider a 30 percent reduction in CD demand as well as converting that path to a 100 volumetric rate . In other words , if the producers used the delivery point , they would pay max rate . If they did not , they would not pay anything . Block 3 shippers would agree to reduce deliveries to Socal Topock if their deals were converted to an agreed upon load factor-maybe 70 percent . For volumes shifted to non-Socal Points ,  they also want a 100 percent volumetric rate . Bottom-line is how much dollars is El Paso willing to pay to resolve this case . Each party is requested to submit a proposal to El Paso and they will study its entirety . No follow-up meeting was scheduled . Another topic that was also being discussed at the meeting was the perceived gaming on the system by the full-requirements customers-ie nominating more gas than they need in anticipation of cuts . It is thought that if this could be controlled there may be more certainty in the san juan regarding flows . El Paso recommended the following : Limit noms on Cycle 1 from San Juan based on previous day's total nom from all basins . No limits on Cycle 2-4 . This caused some concerns because of week-end load swings andfluctuatingpower-plant loads . However , eoc's were willing to establish a technical committee to work on a formula if theSocal Topock point gets resolved . Regarding pooling , El Paso is proposing to add 8 additional pools in the keystone and 3 additonal pools in the san juan and 1 additional pool in the bondad . This process is in its early stages of conflict . Most people ( Duke , Southern , Williams , Coral ) are not on board with this . I will keep you advised of development . Please advise if you have any questions .
highland Also , Ican't find any of my bookmarks on internet explorer . Where do I find them ?
Meeting was cancelled and never took place .
pictures never came thru-please try again
Joe and I would love to attend the bowling party . We would like to have prawns for dinner . We are arriving on Friday at 1:30 so we shouldn't have a problem being there . Does Joe need to being his suit for Saturday night ?
Please add Barreet Resources as an eligible party to trade the product US Gas Physical-non-Texas Points-Restricted for El Paso Physical Blanco l Average . Please advise if you have any questions .
The pictures came through the second time . Hey-did you get my gift basket .
If it is not too late I would like to put on hold my request to add Barrett Resources to the EOL Product for El Paso Blanco Average . I made the request yesterday so hopefully I am not toolate . Upon discussing the product with Barrett , I do not think this would be a good idea to add them at the present time . I willkeep you advised . Thank you for your patience .
they are precious-he is a cutie for being only a couple of weeks old-thanks for sending me these
My husband and his friends want me to inquire more about your fishing lodge and prices . A bunch of them turn 50 next year and are thinking of going on a fishing trip . Can you give me any more information on prices and availiablity for next year . Please advise what is included in the price and where we need to fly into . If you have any brochures , canyou send them to me at Jane Tholt , 7502 Highland Farms Rd. , Houston , TX 77095 .  Hope you have a great day and it was great seeing you .
yes we are going
this afternoon-any time
How come it doesn't work on my eol machine ?
Southwest Gas currently views Enron Online but is afraid to transact physical volumes on it because they are afraid the payment terms on Enron Online are different than non-EOL trades . They stated that they reveiwed the EOL contract and that it does not address payment . I told them that the payment terms do not differ but they are asking for something in writing . Can you send them something .
The sound card does not work on my eol machine-it works on the keyboard supporting eol which is opposite of what I want . I want the screen to ding every time someone trades on eol . I don't want to listen to my self type in deals on the keyboard . My Enron computer system works fine right now . If you could handle getting the eol problem fixed I would appreciate it .
Please add me to the critical notices for Transwestern and El Paso Pipeline(s ) as soon as possible . If you have any questions ,  please call me at 35539 .
no-I wanted my machine to make a sound every time someone traded on EOL but instead it's hooked up to my keyboard so that when I type the keyboard makes sounds instead .
email address is jane.m.tholt@enron.com pager is 8005060869 I trade the west desk
We are trying to think of something nice to send to Patti to show her our appreciation for her hard work . I was thinking of a gift basket from SPECS with some nice wine . Can you tell me what kind of wine she likes or suggest another alternative for a gift that she may enjoy . Thanks .
I do not track volumes but I will forward this to our scheduling group-Patti Sullivan
Please give me any concerns you have with this by the end if the day-otherwise I am recommending adopting this proposal
Please give us the names of the wines she likes when you have time .
Looks good to me . Thanks .
this is a joke
I am getting your critical notices but when I click on it , I can't get access to what it says . Is this a problem on your side or on my side .
You're not going to believe this . I talked to Amoco and they confirmed that I did the deal with them but they said thawe should just pay Agave Energy because tit's a complicated internal deal . So we are both right. . I only wished Amoco would have told me ahead of time . Bottom line- pay Agave Energy and not Amoco
Norm was somewhat prophetic when he kept talking about the "big hole in his pipe" that was going to occur if we went to rankings-little did he know-can't blame this one on rankings
This is O.K as long as we get a daily estimate of usage around 8:30 C.T . and access to actuals within two business days .
Do we need to carify the max daily quantity on which the demand charge is assessed reflects usage and not nominations . Just don't want to be in a position where we must do make-up and have to nom more than 20000 .
I will let Joe know that you received his care package . He will be very happy . When I get my pictures developed , I'll send you any good ones that may have turned out . It's O.K . to give Julie my e-mail address . I would love to communicate with her . Take care .
This was an EOL deal and EOL only trades in increments of 5000 so Zarin is not correct per our records .
are you talking actual flows or what wAS NOMINATED
Need to narrow down timing of their notification-sounds like they can call us one day prior to noms due-that's too late to try to manage financially .
that works
Got the tickets today for Faith Hill-mark your calendar for Oct 13-starts at 8:00 Tina Turner is Sunda7-Oct . 29
Tickets are free . I don't think we'll need binoculars-seats are on floor . Enjoyed helping you over the week-end-that's what friends are for-at least where we came from . The flowers you sent me are beautiful .  . All of my favorites-gerber daisies and liliies . You didn't to do that with all of the furniture you gave me . By the way-are your legs killing you . My calves hurt like hell-think it's from going up and down the stairs barefoot on Saturday . I think your decorator was a little disappointed in all of the progress we made.-he probably thought you would want to hire help . Can't believe he didn't say anything about all of the beautiful glas syou have . Hey-we may want to thin about putting one of your big mirrors in your purple/black bedroom next to the TV hutch-nearthat corner instead of in the purple/green room .
Sounds like a fun week-end.Hotel is Vail Marriott Mountain Resort and Spa . I'll try to get an address and directions for you.Do you want a message , facial or both .
Do not want to go to Vegas-been there too much already this year . I am going to have a message in Co . Good job on the fare-that's cheaper than mine . If you want to stay at the RIOin Las Vegas-Southwest Gas has a cheap corporate rate that you can get-it's off the strip but it's nice . Every room is a sweat . Just call and ask for it .
I had a thought . I wonder how far away Nancy Gardiner is from Vail because maybe we could go se her on Saturday or maybe we just want to take it easy in Vai and just relax . Any thoughts .
My broker called and we are definitely in for Tina Turner . He is waiting unitl the last week to give me the tickets so we get premo seats . Have fun this week-end .
can you do this-I don't how
I don't do tagg but I'll give to the appropriate person
Art Festival is week-end of Oct 14 and 15 . We're in .
Are you going to Las Vegas today to see you mom or are you waiting to see if she gets better ? Can't get a hold of Barb on the cell phone .
Enron North America is interested in purchasing 30000 mmbtu/day of WFS Milagro Plant Gas-Agreement to Agreement Transfer for the period November 1,2000-March 31,2001 at Inside FERC Blanco plus $.01 . Both parties must flow 100% of gas .
Forgot to tell you that Joe and I went to see the Jim Rome show when he was in Houston a couple of weeks ago .  It was pretty good . Too bad you'll never see him in Omaha . Guess what else ? We got a memo today that Enron is giving all of its employees a home computer and will subsidize their internet connection . Gift is part of their commitment to techonology . Does your company do this with your telephones ?
It works . Frank told me that you were trying to get in touch with me .  I tried to send you something but it didn't work . Did you meet your Uncle Joe last night .  He'll talk your ear off so watch out . Let me know what's happening out there .
Nat gas is at a discount with Enron stock at 83 and what's your stock price . Did I tell you the company is going to give us more stock options at the start of the year . Oh-and we get free bus passes . So not only do they provide me with free lunch every day-oh-did I forget to mention that too.-but they pay for my transportation to work .
let me know if I can do anything to help
My broker called me this morning and asked me how I was doing and I told him again that I was coming to New York and he said no problem with getting tickets to Avita and the Lion King . Easter next year is Sunday April 15 .
I f we get out of here early , I may run to Foley's . I will leave you a voice mail or an e-mail to let you know.So be sure to check . I was just messing withyou on the Evita . I am going out to lunch with a customer today so I'm not going to be extremely hungery . Maybe we just go to PF Chang's and I can have a lettuce wrap .
This date works for me so I will assume that Julie will be going . I will work on flight arrangements for Julie and I unless you think you might be going . I need your help in determing what equipment needs we need . Call me at 35539 or respond to this memo .
This works-I will work on getting our equipment needs for you .
I think that Dave may have is facts wrong . Joe talked to GRADY yesterday and they have sold their house in Conroe and are buying a brand new one on Lake Conroe . Some new Dream House . Glad you are going to Vail- I'm on the flight that leaves at 11.45 on Wednesay .
Just sent you some info over the fax-I willlet you know if we need anything else .
I am coming in on a United Flight 7954 that leaves LA at 3:15 and arrives San Diego at 4:04 . Staying at theHyatt Islandia in Mission Bay . Look forward to seeing you even if it is for a short time . I'm leaving for Vail tomorrow afternoon-so if you have any questions I'll get back to you on Monday .
resent the fax-let me know if you get all the pages
Ed called me on the equipment . I asked him if he could provide the computer . I downloaded some inofrmation on EOL regarding technical questions which provides some of the requirements for EOL and sent them to him . Let me know if there is anything else he needs to provide . I have talked to Julia's secretary and plane and hotel reservations have been reserved for Julie .
I received your memo-sounds like all we need is a high speed internet connection and that is it .
Can you tell me how Mom Tholt is doing ? Is she out of the hospital ? Is she going to Montana to stay with Mike and Judy ?
They tell me that having a high speed internet connection is essential for enron online ( SDN-T) . That's the only latest info I have .
RE: New York City Looks like we leave Houston at 1:15 and get to New York at 5:52 . We leave New York at 3:00 and arrive Houston at 5:49 . The phone number at the Barbizon Hotel is 212-838-5700 . Enron has a corporate rate there . Suppose to be $222.00 Deb- if you want to try to get your own room-be sure to ask for the Enron Corp rate . RE: Europe . There are several hotels in London which are listed as giving Enron corporate rates -prices range from $69 to 215 . The Ritz is $180 . I show no discounts for hotels in Paris .
What do you think about this strategy ? Maybe we should have Deb call Marion and review the list of hotels where Enron has a corporate rate and ask her opinion regarding which ones she would recommend . Maybe -at that point she would volunteer her flat ?
Thanks for the information . Joe got a chuckle last night when I told him that you tried his ketchup trick .
Looked on Continental for prices on our flights . Continental direct flight to Paris in April is about $880 . Same flight in March is $550.00
I talked to your assistant and gave her my itinerary-but I don't know if she got your ticket . I have a flight that leaves around 5:30 p.m . on Monday . We are staying at the Biltmore . There attire is business casual . I am wearing nice slacks and a sweater . I told Ed we would meet him about 8:00 before the 8:30 meeting to make sure everything is working properly . He is supplying the computer . I was told that he only needed a high speed internet connection . I also faxed him the info that is on Enron Online concerning what is needed regarding computer equipment . I will give you more details on Monday regarding my flight and the address of the hotel . Your assistent is out today so I don't know if she booked you on my flight or not . I went through Travel Agency and had them hold a reservation but not to ticket you. . Your secretary told me you do not like to use them so I left it in her hands .
An analyst rate QWEST a buy today on CNN . WHOOOPIE . Hey -I'm coming to town for my grade school reunion on Nov 17 . Leaving Sunday at 6:00 p.m .
Thanks for the info on Lloyd's wife-I'll be sure to send him a card . I'll see what's going on over Christmas-maybe Saturday we can have lunch . Do you think Nebraska is going to be up for this week's game . I bet it killed you not to be able to watch the game last week .
Thanks for the info-I will send him a card .
no problem
Do you know when you are flying into Pennsylvania . It sounds like Barb , Cindy and Mike , might be going in on Monday or Tuesday to tour Washington DC . Are you going to stay with relatives in PA or in a hotel .
Did you get your house plans approved ?
Per our phone converstion , during the last couple of days I have been floating the US Gas West products and sorting by deal type . However , I am getting products that are not west products .  For example , under "deal type-west basis" , the following non-west products are appearing: GD/D I
Congratulations , I can tell you are very excited about this . Speaking of digging , on Thursday , they had a crew in our neighborhood digging to lay fiber-optic cable , they hit a sewer line and then the gas line and blew up 2 houses . I walked over there yesterday , one house is completely gone , the house next door is only half there and the houses across the street are all boarded up because they blew the windows out of it . Such excitement . Thank God no one was killed .
Frank-we need to know if you have made any arrangements for Mom Tholt's funeral . Barb , Mike and Bob are flying nto Washington DC Dulles on Tuesday to tour the city . Joe and I are flying in on Thursday at noon . Everyone is leaving on Sunday . Bob and Us are leaving early Sunday morning . So we will be driving back on Saturday night . We are planning to stay together and rent cars together . Aunt Mary Agnes has offered to make hotel reservations for those days people who will be staying in DC . Either Barb or Mike will make reservations for Pennsylvania . We need to know if you would like us to include you in our reservations or if you plan on just meeting us there . There is only going to be Mass on Saturday for Mom Tholt at 11:30 followed by lunch at Aunt Jean's . Aunt Mary Agnes is suppose to be sending us money in the mail for plane reservations . Please let us know as soon as possible ,
Looking forward to meeting you in a couple of weeks .
what type of flexiblity would we hav on teh Terrell plant gas ? Can we switch it daily or do we have to committ to either El Paso or PGE at the start of the month ?
no-they did not and Tori will be on vaction next Friday and Monday-would like it done by Wed.-Nov 29-Thanks
NICE
TOO COOL
Lucky you . I think you should convince her that her house is too small for her and the kids .
So you bought me a new winter coat for New York-Thanks-I ned it . The card is adorable-how did you do it . I love it .
I received the gift yesterday . It will look lovely with my leather coat at the theater-thanks
Just a little heads up . It is going to be so cold in Omaha next week . Will probably hit around Tuesday . Expect highs below zero.for about a week. . Better get your chores done this week because you are not going to want to go outside next week. . Haven't seen it this cold since 1983. . Will encompass the entire country . Gas prices going through the roof .
I only buy pool gas-Can you make it available at the appropriate pool .
Friday was so perfect . It snowed huge snow flakes . Accumulation was just about 1/4 inch . The temperature was about 35 degrees and it wasn't windy-so it was just a great day to walk the streets and take in all the snow . It just felt like Christmas . We took a carriage ride around Central Park and they dropped us off at Tavern on the Green for lunch . Met one of my contacts at Prebon for lunch and he paid for it . .  Good thing because we were drinking mimosas at $10.00 a pop . We saw two great plays-Aida and the Lion King . Excellent . Actually , Aida may be the best broadway play I have ever seen . The music was awesome . Lion King had great special effects with all of the costumes . The people were dressed like animals and it was really cool . Prebon got us tickets for that too-first row-center section-mezz . level . In other words-perfect seats . On Saturday , we mostly shopped during the day . Deb bought herself a new David Yurman diamond ring and red leathe coat . You can't believe the people that were shopping . We went to FAO Schwartz early-9:00 a.m.-and at 3:00 the line was clear around the building to get in . The large department stores were like that too-hoards of people . You could hardly walk down 5th avenue , it was so crowded . I have never seen so many mink coats in my life . Everyone had one on . The hotel we stayed at was excellent . It didn't have the view you did . Nothing will ever match that . But all three of us stayed in one room and the room was huge and nicely decorated . All three of us were able to get ready in a span of one hour . We ate at some good restaurants too . The first night was this small Italian restaurant . Very authentic . They took good care of us . The second night was Thai-food was excellent . The third day was French . YUM YUM . We got out of town just in time . We really lucked out . I would go back agai n if the right opportunity came up .
PNM is incorrect . The price is $4.86 . Tell them that this deal is for west texas pool gas and that we never sell west texas pool gas based on a san juan gas daily .
PNM is incorrect . The price is 4.86 . Tell them that the location of the gas is west texas pool and that we NEVER sell gas in the west texas pool based on a san juan gas daily price . Once you tell them that they will realize that they are wrong .
Whoever wrote this did an excellent job
I show the fixed price of $4.78.Switched to GDA on the 10th .
it is 2.79
Joe just told me the other day that he got the check . I never saw it . It came when I was out of town . Tel your Mom -thank you . Thanks for getting me the address . I hope you have a great Christmas vacation .
you need to talk to someone in scheduling because I do not path gas .
Jan- Sutherland 53453
Guess I won't be getting any more roses from you since California is closing all of its greenhouses .
can't wait
long term forecast does not show it warming up either
Deb and I were thinking that if we can't finalize our Europe trip by the end of this week-we probably need to postpone it because the clock is ticking . .  Can you give us any feedback on your discussions with American Express or Mark Frevert. . Thinking about you .
I currently trade on the west desk gas desk and would like to get access to the westpower.enron.com website . Phillip Allen thought that maybe you could help me . Please advise . Thank you .
Thank you for advising me of this issue . When you get back-up ,  please forward to Patti Sullivan . We are going to work on charging them some penalties for a differnet month to help offset this .
Did you see pacific ga sna delectric ' stock today ?
I'm comng to town on Sat urday night Feb 3 ( Sat ) and leaving Feb 5th ( mon) . I have to leave San Diego on Monday afternoon to meet with Socal that night . I have to come in on the week-end because air-fares are horrible without a Saturday night stay and I'd rather stay the week-end in San Diego . If you have any time on Sunday or can meet me on Monday for breakfast or lunch let me know . I haven't finalized anything with Larry yet but I plan on meeting him for breakfast or lunch on Monday but I want to check with you first .
We have not turned the capacity back and I think it's a good idea if we can get a ruling
Thank you . They look really cool .
yes-we received our allocation last week .
Thank you . Congratulations .
thank you
I am still waiting for this to be instaled . What's the hold-up ?
Call me when you can make room for me in your schedule .
No equipment was installed . It is under my desk waiting for arms to be installed above my other monitor . What is the status of getting these arms
price on the 7th was 9.55 I don't understand the trigger question . We need to get the back-up on the penalty . Patti needs to give you info regarding a penalty we wanto tocharge them for February . Please get with her ondetails .
triggers are based upon scheduled volume-they are not going to agree-I know
I'm not sure what contract this falls under . Our contract says that if buyer does not schedule then buyer will pay replacement price differential plus $.15 . Rpalcement price differnetial would be gas daily which was around 16.80 on that day .
this was a regular 30 day deal .
yes -if that's what the contract says
This is not going to get resolved . They disagree with our view and are not going to pay on scheduled volumes . However , we are not going back off our view and will continue to bill based on scheduled volumes .
Gas daily plus $.15-make sure legal approves
I got the pictures . He is precious . I can see why you are so happy and want to stay home with him .
I want the penalty billed and let them challenge it .
I wanted to share with you the growth in gas demand for electric generation over the past cuple of years in California . Maybe I can make a believer out of you . Res . Elec . Other Total Also just wanted to thank you for being so honest with me the other day . I know it was difficult and I am sorry that I never made it easy on you to express your true thoughts . Maybe I just chose to ignore them for my own selfish reasons .
thank you for your efforts regarding this matter
LITTLE CHILLY IN SAN DIEGO . SOCAL STORAGE AT 24 BCF-CURRENT WITHDRAWAL RATE IS 1 BCF DAY . SUPPOSE TO REMAIN COLD FOR THE REMAINDER OF MONTH . WORSE YET-A NUCLEAR PLANT WAS SUPPOSE TO COME BACK BUT THEY HAD A FIRE AT SAN ONOFRE-OUT FOR AWHILE . BETTER BUY YOURSELF SOME BLANKETS .
You think it's nice now-wait until the next big storm moves in next week . Socal storage at 18 bcf . Curtailments will probably happen . 90% rule in effect . Palo Verde went down . San Onfre down for a long time .
Happy Valentine's Day to you as well .
Fax Number is 7136463239 . What do you mean by protesting-Are they not paying . are they paying some but not all .
I received the fax . Can you send them a firm contract because we I don't think we are going to do business with them unless they sign it
Do we have a gisb contract with them
whichever one is active-scana energy-too many choices to pick from-counterparty list needs to be cleaned up . Go ahead and change it .
Need to know if what they say is true on there protest to invoice . Do we only have an interruptible contract with them .
are you set up on aol instant messenger . I got my new computer at home from Enron and I use that to talk back and forth with some of my freinds. . If you are set up let me know. , You and Joe could talk on it all night long .
Cindy needed the money to pay for her new fully furnished house in the Woodlands . not to mention the 55 acres she just bought across the road from her house in Aspen . I only need enough to pay off my measley mortgage , I have cashed in on most of my options though .
GICS are negotiated
This is an old deal that was done in Fred Lagrosta'group-think it is a btu swap
Misplaced the cover sheet but they basically said that the baseload deal fell under an interruptilbe contract and was not subject ot damanges . Laurie Ellis has a copy .
both deals were done at gda
DO NOT PAY
I also want to bill them for penalties for non-performance at PGE Topock on February 1 .
I'm assuming you are referring to the penalty invoice at the California Border . That was a 30 day firm deal . There is no GIC associated with that deal .
aol adress at home is jtholt1122@aol.com . We are going to buy a camera-I'll let you know when we get it . Joe is going to deliver some of Grady's cars to his new house . I told him to take pictures for us .
not sure how to handle- can you do for me
don't we have a gisb sontract with them that this would fall under
Thank you for the inof town guests in . vitation but I have out
Thank you-that was sweet .
I show 17.00
take that back price is 17.10
why can't we use their contract to bill penalties
DO NOT PAY PENALTY
I want to penalize them for the volumes they are not taking on the trigger deal . I know they are not going to pay but I still want to bill them anyway . So- is the SW gas contract a one-way contract . we are bound by their terms but they are not .
Enron North America is interested in selling natural gas to PNM Gas Services on a firm basis under the following terms and conditions: Contract Price: I.F . El Paso San Juan Basin less $.09 Delivery Point(s): Delivered to PNMGS at the tailgate of the Williams Field Serives Ignacio Plant into Transwestern at Ignacio Plant;at the TW Blanco Hub ; at WFS Kutz Plant into PNMGS; Milagro Plant into Blanco Hub; or any other mutually agreeable pointsinto PNMGS . Special Conditions: ENA will selelct , nominate , and deliver the firm daily quantity at any of the Delivery Point(s) . ENA will notify PNM no later than 3:30 p.m . M.T . one day prior to gas flow day ( Cycle 2 ) of the selected Delivery Point(s) .
This is the last month for the PNM Ignacio Plant deal . ENA has decided not to extend the deal at their price .
Enron North America is interested in purchasing natural gas from Phillips Petroleum Company under the following terms and conditions: Service Level: All volumes will be firm . Buyer must flow 100% of purchased volumes . If Phillips is not satisfied with Buyer's flow performance , Phillips may cut any or all gas during the month of f low , and may terminate all remaining months of contracted volume upon 15 days written notice to Buyer . Tier 1 Price: Inside FERC El Paso San Juan Index minus $.09 . Tier 2 Price: Inside FERC Northwest Rockies Index plus $.09 El Paso Natural Gas Company San Juan Blanco Pool: 40000 mmbtu/day Price: Inside FERC Northwest Rockies Index plus $.09 Price: Inside FERC Northwest Rockies Index minus $.04 . Special Terms and Conditions: Buyer and Seller may mutually agree to convert any portion of the contracted volume to a fixed price or to a Gas Daily . Conversion to Gas Daily can occur no later than NX3 . If no price conversion takes place , the gas will be sold at the agreed upon index price or default price . ENA is not interested in trigger deals based upon partial flows . Please call if you have any questions regarding this matter .
the attachment did not come thru
DO NOT PAY-THIS WAS THEIR NOMINATION ERROR
The price in deal manager is correct at minus $1.00 Sound like their is a problem with sitara if it is not calaculating the price correctly
he's got your blonde hair
I thought your hair was naturally blonde
Hi Robert Enron North America is interested in purchasing 1200 mmbtu/day El Paso Poker Lake-Waha pool gas for April-October 2001 on a firm basis at Inside FERC El Paso Keystone Index +.0025 . Please call me if you have any questions .
Been pretty busy these last couple of weeks . Couple of weeks ago I had to go to Los Angeles on short notice . Accordingly , paid full price and got in first class . It must have been a new plane because the first class section was huge . I sat in a chair that was like a lazy boy chair-it had a fott recline and everything . Also had my own pop up TV and could watch my choice of 4 movies . It was truly awesome . Can't believe what a small world it is . Went to lobby to get somebreakfast and Patrick Brown was there-ended up having breakfast with him and some ohter Sempra folks.Then I had to go to Vegas a couple of weeks ago . Stayed at the new Alladin Hotel . They upgraded me to a suite . Another great experience . Bathroom was huge . Big marble shower and a big tub that overlooked the skyline . Bedroom area and sitting area were nice too . Shame I was only there one night . Last week was Gas Fair . Lots of lunches and dinners . There are a lot of new restaurants downtown that we tried out . Yum-yum . The weather was perfect . .  Cheri and I went to the spa and had a relaxing afternoon on the last day . She looks great . She said you saw her picture of Matthew . He's a cutie . Parks was a t dinner one night-he hasn't changed-still nice as ever . Had a lot of fun with Frank Fields too- he hasn't changed a bit . David Livingston was there . He works for Cinergy but is doing east coast stuff-thank God . Our retail group just hired Joe Deschamps and Chris Shireman-remember them ? I bet Joe won't be there by the end of the year-I think he just wanted someone to pay for his way back to Houston . Just found out that Bob Shiring went to work for Pan Canadian doing east coast stuff . Joe's brother was in town this week-end from Montana . He picked him up in San Antonio so we had them all week-end .  Went down to Kemah to watch the boats- we went there with Griff that one time . Boy has it changed . Tons more stuff to do -especially for the kids . I'm just sick over my tax bill this year . I exercised a ton of my options-and boy am I paying for it . I was planning on maybe paying $25000 but I am having to pay $47000 . Will probably be that way next year too . Just sucks that the government takes so much . I know I'm probably not getting much sympathy from you but I can try . Can't believe there was another shooting in your area last week . Bet you are glad your kids are almost out of school . Can't understand how these kids have access to all of these guns . It's scary . Deb and I had lunch with Julia . She's gone from Enron now . She did not give us any more details about her marriage other than she got married out of town and in am place that made it difficult to track marriage l icense . Her family still does not know she is married . She is being really strange about this whole thing . She qwon't acknowledge to anyone that she is married . I've given up on her . She is almost as strange as you at times . Luckily I have not given up on you .  Going to Grand Cayman Islands on Thursday-plan on feeding the stingrays on Friday-will tell you all about it . Tell me why you are too busy to fill me in on what is happenign in your life .
frott recline is really a foot recline and thanks for keeping me up to date with the happenings in your life .
that is amazing
San Diego is correct we sold them 24000 mmbtu of gas at 4.67
We did two deals that day we bought 4.70 and sold them 4.67-same volume
San Juan Blanco Permian Basin/Keystone PGE Citygate Socal Border-non Wheeler Ridge Cal Year 2006-2010 +.08
i switched the price on that deal and on 341270-they were reversed
I switched deal number 341242 to a sale and deal number 341270 as a buy
Come by anytime after 10:00 on any day. . I will be on vacation on Thurs and Friday though .
we just got the animated cards-is that what you mean ?
we did not get it . Send it to the new email jtholt @houston.rr.com
we just got the animated cards-is that what you mean ?
we did not get it . Send it to the new email jtholt @houston.rr.com
Just talk to Mike on figures-why do you need them
i HEA RYOU LOUD AND CLEAR .
CHANGED PRICE ON 3/8 TO 16.00
Just talk to Mike on figures-why do you need them
i HEA RYOU LOUD AND CLEAR .
CHANGED PRICE ON 3/8 TO 16.00
Mark Hawkins with Mercado Gas called and said that he would like to pay us for this gas but does not know who to call for the invoice. . Please have someone call him at 512-370-8225 .
Sale is based on IF
changed it to Inside Ferc
Sale is based on IF
changed it to Inside Ferc
look at sitara 588471;588452;588605;596991
look at sitara 588471;588452;588605;596991
Looks good . Please book this . Thank you .
Looks good . Please book this . Thank you .
I di d not do any deals with Roger for that time frame . You need to find out who he talked to .
Ok to book for me and my husband , Joseph . I was issued a new corporate American Express card . Same number with expiration date of 3/03 . If you need any more info , please advise . Otherwise , I will assume you will book the two tickets . Thank you .
He is a cutie . You will be happy with me . I got some San Diego stuff for you . I am going to call you tomorrow to ride in with me on Wednesday . I will give the info to you then .
Why can't you find them in sitara ?
What is the term of the deal and we need to address different weekend volumes
I don't need an entire table but will share . Could use 3 or 4 seats .
Believe it or not , I have booked my trip to London and Paris . I am coming out there around October 4 with my freind Deb and her freind Christie . We are staying at Mark Frevert's flat . Hopefully , we can get together for lunch or dinner during that time . I'll get back to you in a couple of months wonce I know more about our plans .
you may want to call Keith Holst to get an update for the winter prices-they have really fallen in the last couple of days
Sounds good to me as long as I have my own bathroon at the hotel in Paris . Why does the description for the double include a shower. ? Does that mean that single rooms only have a bath tub ?
Can we imbalance trade this gas . What happens when the cogen burns the gas without telling us like they have been doing . Which desk keeps the 15000 demand charge ?
Does the gas desk keep the demand charge ? Also , we need to discuss-if you forget tocall . If you forget to call , the price between the gas and power desk needs to be negotiated . Probably not a big deal in the summer but is a huge del in the winter with daily balancing . Also , the gas desk will not be responsible for any imbalance penalties if you forget tocall . If you forget tocall in the winter under daily balancing , your desk will be charged my cost . Otherwise , I think it's a go .
We had a great time . Let me know when you are not too busy to have lunch with the little people . You are the one that always cancels-remember ?
I do not show a deal for this .  Does our scheduilng group show volume for it ?
the deal number is 814014-why can't you see this ?
Actually-upon second look the deal number is 814014-why can't you see this ?
should be non bondad
actually -for volumes flowing out of bondad-which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda;for blanco-deal number 759933-price is nonbondad gda
I talked with Markat SW Gas-just honro his numbers
I have not had the patience to get it working-I will callyou some evening and we can walk thru it . How was your trip to Des Moines ? Did dthat stuff form Joe help your car .
She is having physical therapy 3 times a week and she says it's getting better . I haven't seen her for acouple of weeks so I don't know for sure . Hey-I will be calling you next week-the desk wants me to become more involved in regulatory updates so I will be calling you for your assistance .
yes I am going . I will also need toknow if there are signigicant items going to be considered at the weekly FERC meeting and what items are being considered on consent agenda . We want to know ahead of item which itmes are being ruled on . 
At he El Paso technical conference ,  one of the FERC staff guys said that full requirements is dead . There is an awfull lot of pressure being put on El Paso at the meeting to path their system . The full requirements customers have to submit to El Paso 4 different load profiles-Becky has the details . It sounds ,  though , that full requirements may be addressed in the proceeding . However , that does not mean that any transport will open up to Arizona . The conference call was a nonevent . I guess we are trying to find out how Socal calculates its WACOG . So we want to put pressure on them to get details . We want to put pressure on all of the state commisiions to allow LDC to hedge and not be punished for it .
Youare doing a good job keeping us up to date . Thank you .
Mike Grigsby agrees that we should join complaint
don't forget-they could ask for any CD turnback as well to minimize expansion requirements We will turn back BLK 2 if given chance
Becky- I don't thin we should rely on displacement to serve the needs of the full requirements because i t may cause me to flow gas that may be uneconomical
I made a minor correction
If there is anything you may need from the cash desk that could be of assistnace , please let me know and I will ty to help . Looks like accounting is going to have to give you most of the info for compliance .
Attached are the non-binding receipt point allocations for the existing firm agreements for Enron North America . Please call me at713-853-5539 if you have any questions .
I show 2.525 but since this is a buy and would be in our favor-go ahead and honor thier price
Customer is correct . I changed the deal in sitara .
Becky-we can just intervene as an interested party-no ax to grind
I have received a new book name and ID so I am no longer using that book name or id
ok to book . Thank you .
We'll do anything to try to make a buck .
Can you provide the West Desk with an update on the Socal Storage projects-Socal Montebello Salvage Project ;Alsio Canyon and Lo goleta Cushion Gas Projects Would like to have something by this afternoon if possible .
Thank you for the update . If there statuses change , please advise .
Mike really enjoyed the meeting yesterday . Thank you both for attending . We are scheduled to have that same meeting every two weeks . I hope that one or both of you can attend via conference call or in person. . I will try to remember to call you on the day of the meeting to see if you want to attend or to advise you of any change in plans . Thanks again . 
no- the more the merrier . Just need to get her phonenumber so we can hook her up. . By the way I talked on the QT to the Socal Gas trader and told him that I could not fathom that they would even consider 143 receipts points . He said Rob Davis is clueless and currently is on a power trip . They are going to meet with him next week to make sure that he understands that he works for them and not the other way around .
that's up to you . Stephanie and I are going . Have not seen agenda .
I am deferring t this to you but I don't see any reason we would have any problem with this either .
thank you for handling this
II think you should just call her and tell her that you are an interested party in the proceeding and would like to attend . Shw willnot have aproblem/
At our last meeting , you aid that you had informationregardin gSouthwest Gas' load profile . Could you send it to me .
Are you referring to Los Angeles Water and Power
no one in the Houston gas side makes any sales-However you need to check with the Portland office-try calling Chris Foster
call 713-515-0389
As of 10:00 a.m . Joe is in Wichita
did you talk to him
I have to take care of my baby .
Looks good . Aslo we ar still on for our meeting on Thursday at 2:30 . Is Leslie coming ?
That's right . Feed him milk -not beer
Where did you sleep l ast night . By theway , Brad does not want the couch .
Phone Number is 713-345-4154 . What number should I try to call you at if we have trouble connencting ?
can you give me an idea of the locations for the gas- I was only trading blanco at the time . The 4.70 price looks like it's at a different location
We aslo want to add the California delivery points as receipts points with a potential interruptible back-haul rate to the EOC delivery points .
I was thinking that may be we should ask El Paso to furnish aver . daily volumes that were scheduled as receipts into El Paso' system from the proposed 20 pools from Jan 1- Aug 31 of this year to get an indication of whether there is any gas behind these pools . What do you think ?
let's ask for it by month . In talking to Socal Gas , they suggested that we ask the question and explain why we are asking so that the FERC staff understnads why . Should we ask the question and then say that this information is needed to determine if actual supplies exist behind the proposed pools since the allocations are being made based on design capapcity and not actual gas .
They should be able to track by each of the meter numbers of the individual points that make up the pools .  I think they are going to make upsome excuse not top provide data because it's going t oshow that gas was not received into their system .
Why is it taking almost 2 years to verify this price . I do not have my records back that far .
looks good-thank you . Feel free to add any others you think might be helpful . Should we ask ,  absent periods of maintenance,how many times contraints exsited within these pools upstream of Cornudas and Window Rocks .
iIHAVE FORWARDED YOUR REQUEST TO KIM WARD 713-853-0685 .
Becky call me on this . I want them to know that we are willing to turn back the capapcity and put in the numbers and they can share the numbers . We just don't want them to name Enron .
she does origination on the desk
Ok -good .  Thanks
When you have time , can you get me the phone number of Mark Frevert's flat in London and the name and phone number of the hotel in Paris that we will be staying -in case an emergency arises and I need to be reached . Thank you . Looking forward to the trip .
EES did but I am not sure if they still do . Talk to Chris Shireman with EES .
Who are you talking to at Socal . The deal was for July imbalance which was traded at the end of August . Maybe they are confused . Tell them to talk to Steve Baird .
I will tell Steve to contact her as well . Thank you .
Matt Smith is now responsible for Socal imbalance trading-
Ann Bike and Elizabeth Hernandez were suppose to handle the booking of this deal . It is a real deal . ENA is paying a 5 cent demand charge on 310000 for the opton to park gas in March and take out in August/ . Please contact Ann Bike for the sitara dealnumber .
I am not going in October-I will probably go in December
too bad we can't put something in the Copperfield newsletter
This is a copy of our discussion today . Hopefullly , it will be a starting point for you
Attached are the key issues surrounding the El Paso case and ENA's position on each issue. . We currently are drafting comments based on our position which will be due at the FERC on October 14 . Such comments will support an immediate request by EPNG for turnback of capacity .
The phone in the conference room will only allow 2 people to conference in.l . Accordingly , that means that Jeff and Leslie have priority to such lines since they are out of town. . Anyone interested in attending the meeting can come to EB 3267 . The phone number is 713-345-4154 .
Attached is a summary of the key issues on El Paso which we will be discussing tomorrow at our meeting . Our comments to the FERC are due on October 14 so we will be providing Leslie with more feedback for inclusion .
I do not run any rpoducts;I'm only backup
I sometimes talk to Bill Bolch regarding glow issues or discounts .
Call me for lunch-maybe we can go on Friday or on Monday
please be sure to put me on your distribution list for the west pricing sheet
I know you were kidding
I have received my world com card .
I want the deep tissue massage . Thank you .
I was talking to one of my customers yesterday , and they said that Southern California Gas Co . recently made a filing to revive unbundling of their system . Can you tell me if that is true .  Also can you tell me what the status is regarding Socal Gas purchasing natural gas for the needs of SDGE's customers . My customers tell me that is probably going to happen as well .
I forwarded it to our well-head specialist Nelson Ferrious . Thank you .
I did not see this . Thank you . I think they did a very good job in their comments .
I am traveling on Wednesday so I willnot be able to attend the meeting
Thank you for the invitation but I already have other obligations during this time so I will not be able to attend .
I felt really bad when I left early on Friday because I forgot to wish you good luck and give you a hug . I hope you will be very happy in your new endeavors . You made the right decision . I am sure you will be very happy in your new career . I hope to read about you in some of my women's magazines .
I am planning to attend the meeting and will send you a copy of the hand-outs . I am sorry I will not get an opportunity to meet you .
thank you .
Jeff-can you review this and let me know what you think . Please initial and send back if you think it's ok as is . Plsease advise by Nov 5 . Thank you .
I have not done any deals with Sierra Pacific but will pass on to Steve South .
I f there is nothing new to discuss we can cancel but I would like to know what is on the Commisssion's Agenda for next when you get it . Thanks . Also , the next time Leslies come to town , maybe we can all go to lunch .
What a cutie
yep but there area lot of people that are hurting right now
if it doesn't work out next week -we can do it another time as well
Thought you would get a kick out of the fact that Christie Nickels(spelling? ) came down today to attend our regulatory meeting . I told her that things were hot and heavy for the last 4 weeks and have slowed down so we cancelled the meeting . I felt like saying g Where the hell hav eyou been ?
ok with me . Thanks
Just a reminder that I asked for your comments back to me today . Thanks
I am good to go . Kim is a maybe now . I got a card in the mail that everyhting is 50-75% off . Sale starts at 9:00
Julia and Dave are out . Neil is in . I e-mailed Rock in Arizona but I do not expect him to come .
Thank you for your comments .
I agree with your invitation list . This is Deb's closest circle of friends and she would not want it to be any bigger . I'm glad you included Maggie and Nora becasue I was thinking about them today as well .
My husband's name is Joe .
I am reading an article in NGI that talks about how California Regulator's are scheduled to approve some form of unbundling on Socal's system . Please provide details of this as soon as it happens . Thank you .
Thank you . Just let me know if it changes .
that is so awful
I don't rally have an opionion-your call-just let me know what you want me to do
no problem -I let Ann Bike know and thought she would handle it
We have a deal with Gwwon this month-November . Baseload sale at Needles for 10000/d . Deal No . 1135697 .
This willnot happen very often .
Please provide us with a copy of the filing and maps . Neutral intervention will be fine ,
Neutral intervention is fine .
it's on the sasme night as Felicity
I am a desperate person for entertainment-what can I say .
Have you seen Ben on Felicity ?
I was looking in the TV guide and did not see where it is on this week let me know if they changed the date and time .
Volumes are not improving . Very diffficult to trade and balance in west. . Huge arbs between ICE and Enron ONLINE because people willnot trade with us . Many times 10-15 cents differential between ice and enron . This sucks . Otherwise , hope you have a nice day . . 
Made changes to 1102017 and 1111318 . Deal no 1133558 is ki8lled so not sure what needs to be checked . 
I saw the tv advertisement last night for Temptation Island for Thursday . I think it may conflict with Will and Grace . Could be a tough night .
Did you watch Ally last night ?
Just one copy . 
They have some cute guy lawyers this year-but I bet you probably watch that manly Monday night Football .
you should be working on your resume
My resume is finished and the job offers are pooring in
Vi is working at Salon Picasso which at the corner of Longenbaugh and HWY 6 in the strip center where Spotz eatery is and the M&M food market . 15703 Longenbaugh . Phone number is 281-861-9911 . She did not have your phone number so she could not call you .
Did you watch Michael Jackson yesterday ?
It was really good . Next wek you can watch Jennfer Lopez-I bet you can watch her bits and pieces .
no you said you watched bits and pieces
possibly-in my old age
I am weighing ALL of my options
Lucky for me that retirement is also an option
price was GDA
yes
So you better bet George that Joe will not go back to work for Grady-easy money for you Also , think about goingto Palm Springs next year for golf vacation
yes for once
probably
I guess I was out that day and another trader did the deal and input the wrong price-so go ahead and honor their price
I have no issues with these comments
thank you
Good luck in your new position ! I'm glad things worked out for you .
I missed half of it but it was pretty good . Ben found out thatDFelicity cheated on him
I told Jeannie that we should not ask Joannie over for Christmas . She knows it is family tradition that we all get together . Make her ask if she is interested . No one else waits for an invitation . Tired of her sorry excuses . Some day she is going to need us and she is going to be sorry .
All the gas stocks getting hammered . Natural gas is bursting at the seams . Your bill should go way down
Cajun Chef-can only get it here . Too bad .
since when do you cook-Ithought Sue did everything
Thank You .
Did you watch the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show last week
no-just a real man
They tried not to show their back-ends-it was rather bazarre
oh yea
Stephanie-could you please add Aeco basis ( Canadian Product ) to my product list . I currently do not have access to this product . Thank You !
the transmission went out in my car on Friday .
will bring you back some cajun chef at Chistmas
does it matter
I'm easy-the menu is fine-you guys can also talk it over at Thanksgiving
No-really-the menu is not that big of a deal-the most important thing to me is that we all share Christmas together . We can eat weinies for all I care .
are we having snadwiches on xmas day
4 or 5 talk it over at Thansgiving
maybe I shsould make something differnt on xmas day
macaroni salad ?
are you set up on MSN messenger or aol instatnt messenging
why does this list have third parties on it
macaroni salad
ok- you make the baked beans and I will make the macaroni salad for XMas Day amd the double potatoes for Xmas eve . you will make the baked beans
We are leaving late on Xmas day- I can't stay longer because that is our critical time at work . We come in on Saturday afternoon . I bought Dad some black suede slip on shoes for Xmas-you know the new style-
I can't find you on msn
I think Enron might be going down . Stock is way down agai n today . They have a 670 mill note due Nov 27 . Looking for collateral .
it's on tonight
I was thinking of Felicity-I cound not find Jo Jo was she on at 9 ?
I could not find her at 8-Jo Jo Jo Lo Lo Lo it's all the same
Do you have a problem doing this ? We would just change the description at Socal KRS to inlcude this point .
Patty Sullivan 713-853--0494 work number 713-646-2626 fax number
Are you feeling better today ?
what's the message
can't access the document-can you resend it to me
We can not pay any deposits
Received email !
Following up on our conversation re: a visit to Santa Fe when you come to Houston , check out the Website for The Bishop's Lodge in Santa Fe ( www.bishopslodge.com) . Some friends of mine bought a weekend there at a silent auction at a charity event recently and their brochure looked great . The website has pictures , prices , activities at the resort , and a hyperlink to the Website for the Santa Fe Chamber of Commerce which lists the activities going on in Santa Fe . I think you are going to be too late for their summer opera series , but I took a look and there appears to be other fun things going on . The website for the lodge shows a fabulous looking pool , horseback riding and shooting . Take a look .
That power shortage Friday cut us off in the middle of our conversation about the appropriate tax language to use for a confirmation evidencing a trade between Teeside Power Financing Limited and RMT . I have attached the proposed form of confirmation . I have combined in it the usual tax language we have in RMT confirmations along with the language we use in a cross-border trade between a Delaware corporation ( usually ECT , now RMT ) and company ( Teeside Power ) located in a treaty country acting exclusively through non-U.S . branches ( England) . Please let me know if the tax language meets with your approval .
Rod , Nella sent me a Compliance Certificate and financial statements for the referenced counterparty . I am forwarding them down to you .
I sent the UBS Letter to the confirm desk like a week ago , I forget who to , maybe Bernice , since I kinda consider it an audit letter . My note said the confirm desk can sign off on the letter since they were only asking us to confirm trade information . The Teeside Confirm , I spoke to our tax guys this morning and they said they were really busy yesterday and hadn't had a chance to look at it...I'll call them again .
Have you had a chance to look at that confirm language yet . The trade was done a few days ago , and the clock is ticking on how long we can get a confirm out before we get in trouble .
What's the scoop , can't come up with ten Top 10's?! ! I never thought I'd see the day.. .
Linda and I had a good visit Sunday for about six hours . We had a nice lunch at an outdoor cafe , went shopping in the Village , and then went back to my house for a chat . Linda had pictures of Jenny . She is a beautiful 14 year old , blond like Linda but with Tim's dark eyes and full eyebrows . She was voted the #1 girl in an underground survey done by the boys in her class , and Linda was a little concerned about that because Jenny is a little developed for her age group and she's afraid the boys interest is a little prurient . Her marriage is going well despite Steve's current unemployed status . But she is doing well in her job , they moved into a bigger house and Tim bought her old one , and all in all is at a very good place in her life . I'm getting ready to leave for New Orleans tomorrow for our Legal Conference . We have dinner reservations at Emeril's for 9:00 tomorrow night and we're all a bit excited about that . Then Thursday night is our big night out at a blues club . This email was a good idea . Linda got my address and I hope to be chatting with her more than every two years ! I'll be in touch when I get back . All my love ,
Per my voicemail , the attached confirm is still a moving target with the tax lawyers , I'll be in touch once we resolve the tax language .
I'll be leaving for New Orleans in about 30 minutes for our legal conference . It was fun visiting with you too . I miss you terribly .
Jeff Hodge is your man !
see lotus notes problems
We had a new paralegal start in our group Monday . Her name is Susan Bailey . Can you get her access to our Master Swap Agreement Database . Thanks .
We have finally received comments on the ISDA from the referenced counterparty . I have sent copies to each of you . There were substantial comments to the guaranty so I have sent a copy of the guaranty along with the comments to Clem . Clem , congrats on that trophy !
Please keep me on the distribution for all credit worksheets . Thanks .
I'm trying to get a copy of the agreement on the gas side to see what you've done before . Debbie Brackett says she knows what agreement you're talking about . I'll keep you posted .
Just to keep you in the loop on things . Lee sent me the following email and I'm following up trying to figure this out . I spoke to Debbie Brackett in our Credit Dept . when I got back from London and she seemed to be aware of the contract Lee has been talking about . I'm trying to get a copy of the agreement from Debbie so I can figure this out . I'll keep you posted . How are things going there ? Same old grind? !
In don't know anything about this , do you ?
As some of you may be aware , there have been substantial revisions to the U.S . Tax Code which will require revising the tax language in our swap agreements . I will be providing Steve Douglas in the Tax Dept . copies of the current tax language in our swap agreements and will coordinate with him revisions to the forms . I'll keep you posted when the changes occur .
Mark Taylor is going the be the host of the next ECT Legal Conference to be held in the Woodlands in October and he asked me to contact you to see if you know yet which of the Brits are going to be attending because we need to start making reservations . If you get a minute and can drop me a line I'd appreciate it . Thanks !
Thanks !
Per our conversation , attached is your bid form .
I sent Scott Sefton and email and he responded that at this time he doesn't know the exact Brits that will be coming for the conference , he expects 6-8 . I think we should order 8 mens shirts in large . So I don't think you need to email him or Michael Brown . Thanks for your help !
You are right . They need to get the date on their calendars , and pass it on to anyone they might think is coming .
Just wanted to let you know I faxed the OMnet Agreement over to Susan Gill today about 3:30 pm our time . I have the originals and asked her to tell me what address she wants me to send the originals to . I didn't date the front page of the agreement because I didn't know what date you wanted them to be effective so I'll leave that to y'all to work out . I'm working on getting the other documents signed and I guess I can get them all out in the same package , maybe tomorrow . I'll visit with you tomorrow about what to do .
Just wanted to check on how the financials are going . My goal is to get everything ready no later than the first week of June so I can problem solve before I have to file by June 11th . When the financials are ready I need to get them certified by the highest accounting officer . Last year that was Drew Lynch who signed as Vice President , Business Analysis and Reporting . Will he be signing again ?
One personal day this monday .
Brent , I'm sure there would be no problem with you copying our Master Swap Agreement database and using it for your contract applications . It is my hope to use it for all the ECT trading groups , the Power group has already copies it , I spoke to London about copying it for their other trading groups , and I have shown it to other groups , from Global Contracts to EES . All you would need to do is change the contract drop downs . Contact Mike Neves , who is working on this database for us , and either he , or someone else can be assigned to developing a similar system for you .
I am faxing you both the Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement executed between Enron Gas Marketing ( merged now into ECT ) and Aquila Energy Marketing Corporation ( merged now into Utilicorp. ) with respect to Utilicorp . "signing" the agreement in lieu of giving a guaranty . Actually what Utilicorp . did in this agreement is sign as a co-obligor under the agreement ( see Section 16.12 of the agreement) . They signed accepting joint and several liability with respect to the obligations . If we can get them to agree to the same language in your master agreement that would effectively be as good or better than getting a guaranty . Anything less ( like just sticking their "name" on the signature line ) may not get us much or be worthless . All this , of course , is subject to any differences between US and UK law or issues under UK law which I will leave in Edmund's capable hands . Let me know if I can be of further service.. .
Per Bill's email , I faxed a proposed form of Enron Corp . Guaranty to the counterparty . Please do not approve any trades with this counterparty until due diligence is done on Italian law , which appears the be the place of incorporation of the counterparty . I will not assign the review of Italian law to an attorney until we receive your credit worksheet . If you feel we need to proceed with this now let me know and I will get someone to start looking at it .
Scott , one of our crude oil traders passed on the attached resume of one of his friends and asked if we could take a look at it . I gave it to Mark Taylor and since the fellow lives in England he thought it would be better sent to you .
That may not be so easy an answer . I think we would have to talk to Utilicorp.'s lawyers . I wouldn't be surprised that they had some policy or laws that won't allow them to guaranty the obligations of other companies . Utilities in the U.S . are odd birds , there are a lot of Chinese walls in effect with them , I've dealt with similar issues on other utilities . If you need us to talk to them get me the name and phone number of a contact and we'll give them a call .
Thanks for taking a look !
That's ok . Our trading policy doesn't allow you to trade anything we trade .
Just an FYI About a year ago Kellie Metcalf had me send a sample ISDA Master to the referenced counterparty . She has now left ECT to go with Azurix . I got a call from the counterparty wanting to get some bids on some options and Kellie said to pass the trade down to John Suarez . I called John and gave him the scoop and also told him we did not have a master in place and to treat this like any other counterparty , i.e . contact Credit for approvals before trading , etc . I just wanted to give you a head's up , in case we get the trade , we're not surprised .
I don't have anything specific to weather , I have material from recent general seminars I've worked on for Mark T . and Mark H . if you need it . I do have general articles on weather.. . I'm glad to see they have the "A Team" as a speaker . You're marvelous !
Brent , I am trying to track down the dealmaker on a deal in Argentina with Duke Energy International . All I know is that Duke is trying to get a waiver from us on the confidentiality provision in the master swap agreement so they can use it on the Argentina deal . Credit doesn't appear to know anything about the deal . I'm don't even know if it is an EI or an ECT deal . It may be EI because he mentioned the financing of a generator . I don't want to waive anything until I track the business guy down . Can you ask around and let me know . Thanks !
The Icon worked and I've pulled it up and can use it . Thanks for your help ! How's things going there ? Are you getting excited about going back home ? Have they started to think about hiring anyone to replace you ? Everything cool on the roommate front ?
In response to your email , yes , our confidentiality language was so limited that it did not allow us to provide the agreement to affiliates of either party without consent . We revised the form about 9 months ago to broaden the langage to include affiliates , but Duke is an old master so they need our consent so they can provide it to their affiliate . Unless Federico has any reason not to waive the language , I think we can go ahead & draft a waiver up here and send it to Duke . Can you talk to Federico asap and run that by him and let me know so I can get this over to Duke . Thanks !
Pat , remember a few days ago I was trying to track down this Argentina power deal with Duke . You might want to get in touch with Federico . Mark , FYI , also , I don't know if there are any problems with power out of Argentina .
Pat , This waiver has to deal with a provision in the ECT master swap agreement that requires that the agreement and its contents be kept confidential , except to certain people like auditors . It did not allow the agreement to be provided to affiliates . Duke wants to copy the terms of the master agreement in has in place with ECT and use it for this Duke Energy International that is doing the deal down in Argentina . Duke Energy cannot even provide Duke Energy International with a copy of this agreement unless it gets ECT's permission to give them a copy of the agreement . That it what I am trying to resolve , whether there is any business reason why we would not want to give Duke Energy International the right to look at that agreement . Your issue , obviously , is what business Federico is doing . My issue is more of a documentation/legal issue .
I did see the IPI presentation and was pretty impressed . The presentation was , obviously , more directed to the confirmation process , but I thought it could also help in the creation and management of master swap agreements and swap agreement form templates . I need to talk to our confirm desk people to see what issues of concern they had in the confirm process that they were hoping this system could address . They had one concept for form generation I think is central for the creation of confirmations and agreements . The concept was this "data dictionary" . It made it all clear to me . I spoke to them about the different areas of concern in my database asked them to prepare another presentation more focused on those issues and come back to us before I leave for Europe in June .
It appears Susan Bailey still can not get in and edit the master swap agreement database . She now has the icon , but no edit priviliges . Can you please get her access . Much thanks !
Attached is Annex B . Just tell them they need to fill in blanks in guaranty .
Attached is a sample ISDA Schedule . Please remember to attach the preprinted form of ISDA Agreement . Let me know if you have any questions .
Thanks for the update !
I still do not appear to be getting copies of all credit worksheets . Please remember to keep me on this distribution .
So you'll be doing name changes/mergers in the future , not Susan ?
You are a star !
Just a reminder that I'm going to be in a little late tomorrow . I'm going over to the old TCB Bank bldg . at 9:00am to sign my loan papers .
ECT has a policy that prohibits employees from trading in any commodities that ECT trades . Please make sure any future trading you may do complies with this policy . Thank you .
John , it's good to hear from you ! A few things on your paralegal friend . First , we don't currently have any openings , though we have tended to hire paralegals with a lot of experience . Most of the paralegals in our group have about 15-25 years experience . Also , we recently hired someone , and I don't anticipate us hiring for awhile . Most of Enron's litigation work is done out of Enron Corp . They do have a big litigation group up there , and that would be the most obvious place to start . Chuck Cheek is the head lawyer for that group . You could forward her resume up there with a note , it might get it more personal attention . Also , keep watching ( or she can watch , it online ) the job bank , they advertise paralegal jobs there from time to time with all the Enron companies . Another group that might be interested in hiring paralegals , and might hire paralegals with less experience , is the Global Contracts Group headed up by Mary Solmonson . They're always looking for people , and it might be a good way for your friend to get her foot in the door at ECT . Also , if her undergraduate degree was in business , obviously , she might have some more options in other groups . As far as running goes , I'm trying to get back into shape . I'm just surviving 3 miles around the park , and this weekend I plan to double my mileage to 6 . It sounds like we're both not in fighting form . But I do want to start training in July with Houston Fit for the Houston Marathon again .
We have received the above executed ISDA Master Agreements ( Multicurrency-Cross Border ) with the two referenced counterparties executed 05/25/99 , effective as of 11/16/98 . Copies will be distributed . I have also received in the originally signed confirmations and will be sending them down to Laurel Adams .
Per our conversation...thanks for your help !
I'm trying to track down that presentation for you , I need the directory information . As soon as I get it I'll have it emailed to you . Hope you're staying out of trouble.. .
I will pass on your "hello" to the rest of the group . Of course we don't forget one of our favorite credit guys !
Thanks for your help !
This is from Mark Taylor's presentation he gave for Mark Haedicke at the ISDA Energy Seminar in Houston earlier this year . I know Elizabeth Sager did a presentation last month for Mark H . he gave to some power group in D.C . Also , Mark T . is currently working on one for bandwith trading for Tom Gros .
Checking your mail , a Confidentiality Agreement came in from Greg Bruch , I gave him a call to see what his timing was , he said ite wasn't urgent , but if we could get an attorney looking at it , to get it final maybe next week . It is counterparty's form , they would be the disclosing party , for a potential fiber source deal . I am going to pass the agreement on to Carol for review , and will leave you a copy .
Working late , huh!? !
It appears that you are signed up for this class , and the confirmation and approval should go to you & Scott . Remember that you will be charged if you do not cancel if you are not going to go ( and the charge for canceling is pretty high , about $1000 . There is no charge if you attend . Also , let me know if you don't get the proper approval forms . Gracie , Thanks for your help !
Your message about the Canadian forms inspired me to visit with Mark . We were in the middle of updating the Canadian forms , and Mark just gave me a few final changes , and as soon as I make those I'll email them up to you . Actually we have two Canadian forms , the ISDA and the "Industrial" .
You've received the whole thing . Mark T . likes to ad lib a lot when he gives a presentation .
Thanks for your email . I don't want to state the obvious because you appear to already be in compliance , but just as a precaution , I want to make sure you are aware the ECT has a policy which prohibits it employees/traders from trading in anything the company trades in . Any trading you do for your own account must comply with this policy .
Fyi . However , we need 7 file drawer files . What do you think .
As a follow-up to our conversation in London when you said I should bring to your attention any concerns I might have with financial trading issues , the following has recently come up as an issue here in Houston ( and does so from time to time) . We will , in fact , be discussing it at our group meeting next week . I spoke to Edmund about it when I was there in London , but in light of the recent Canadian form problems and the resulting concerns of Mark Haedicke with the integrity of our forms , I thought I should bring this your attention . One of our continuing concerns on the financial trading side is that every financial trading lawyer/paralegal work from the centrally approved forms . The Houston forms are currently located in a "read-only" directory . We need to be careful that users copy the forms out of the directory each time they use the form . Copying the form into a personal directory for ease of use creates issues with people working from outdated base forms , or having forms evolve without approval . Another way forms get changed without going through the approval process is when an attorney tells the paralegals to make a change in every swap agreement they approve . It counts as a form change , not a negotiation change , if you make it in every agreement . Ultimately our goal is to centralize the forms in a database easily accessible to all of us on a global basis ( this is a central and critical component of the Fishkin Project) . Thanks for your attention to this .
You are the woman !
I have received the executed First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of May 25 , 1999 . This amendment deletes the prior Confidentiality provision in the ISDA Master Agreement and replaces it with our current Confidentiality language . This change will allow either party to provide copies of the agreement to its Affiliates . Copies will be distributed .
I spoke to Mark Taylor today and he said that he spoke this week with a lawyer from , I believe Skadden , that had been hired by the OMLX to talk to ED&F Mann about the CFTC issue . I think Mark Taylor is waiting to hear back from the Skadden lawyer .
The Legal/Credit Meeting scheduled for today is canceled due to the absence of Susan Flynn .
I'll pass on any other articles on the transportation industry that might be in our various derivatives magazines .  Glad you liked this one !
We have received the executed ISDA Master Agreement ( Multicurrency-Cross Border ) executed 04/08/99 , effective as of 06/09/98 . Copies will be distributed . We also received the originally executed Confirmation , Deal # EM3927.1,2 & 3 . I will sent it down to the Confirmation Desk .
It appears this class is on a Sunday & a Monday . Did I get this right ?
Brenda Whitehead prepared that presentation and should be sending it to you .
Gracie , My confirmation of the class showed the 8/8 and 8/9 . You may want to go in and check your schedule .
We have some files in an empty cubicle that kinda look like global contract files . They have global contract sheets and numbers attached to the front of the documents in the files . If they belong to anyone in your group they need to be claimed now , because we are doing a cubicle restructuring this weekend and those files will be moved and if unclaimed eventually gotten rid of . Can you have someone come
Why does it always have to be my deals...?!! !
Yeah !
Actually , bluebonnets bloom for a short time , maybe three week early in the Houston Spring , in March , after heavy Spring rains have gone on for a bit , and when the temperature is in the 60's to 70's . They would get fried and fade in the heat of a Houston summer . However , I don't know the temperatures and rain condition of your summers , and what time of your year would replicate those conditions .
I'm working on the Merrill/Belco assignment of trades with , I guess , Sara . Mark Taylor signed off yesterday on the assignment that appears to again have been executed by Fred without Legal's initials . It appears the date Fred signed it is about the time Mark Taylor talked to him about not signing contractual documents without Legal's initials . There appears to be two differences in the redone confirms Merrill sent us: ( 1 ) they added a Fallback Reference Price , and ( 2 ) they have changed the settlement and/or payment dates in the confirms . Bernice said Sara signed off on a similar Fallback Reference Price in some confirms she had previously done with Merrill , so I briefly discussed this with Sara before she had to leave for lunch . We'll look at it some more after lunch . On the change in the settlement/payment dates , I told Bernice they were changing the deal and she needed the business guy on the transactions to sign off on that change . She was going to take the confirms to Fred and get him to sign off that that is what he's agreed to . Now , if Sara doesn't know anything about the additional Fallback Reference Price , we'll obviously have to take that back to the dealmaker to sign off on too . Are you also working on this ? So that's what's going on.. .
Now might be your time to plant ! I'm already miserable with the Houston summer heat . It's already in the high 90's with high 90 humidity . After 4-5 more months of this it's going to get pretty old ! How's little Sophie . Any new cute things she's doing you need to tell me about ?
I have been given the name of your company by a consultant we have hired to advise us on sofware systems to manage our physical and financial confirmation process and ISDA Master Agreements . I have also seen information on your company in the January 1999 issue of Risk Magazine . I am a Senior Legal Specialist in the Legal Dept . and am looking at software systems that can help us manage our documentation needs . If you are unfamiliar with our company , Enron is the largest integrated marketer of energy in the United States . We have a Web Page located at www.enron.com . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . is the marketing affiliate of our parent , Enron Corp . I would like to obtain marketing material about the services you provide , and after I have a chance to look at the information , would like to talk to you or a representative from you company in some depth . I am located in Houston , Texas and my phone number is ( 713 ) 853-3399 . Thank your for your attention herewith .
Thank you for your help . I look forward to hearing from your U.S . person .
Mark said you would know who it is in London that prepared a "script" for your traders on what to say on the phone when transacting a deal . Liz Sager is working on some training mid-next week for the power desk traders and needs to prepare a similar script for them . If you could let me know who to contact I'd appreciate it . Thanks for your help !
You be the man ! Can you email or fax the trader guidelines Scott is talking about . Much thanks !
What ever happened to that CGAS certificate we were trying to get in connection with my swap agreement ? Last note I had was that resolution we were trying to get requires approval of Board for each trade and you were going to talk to Mark about how to resolve this . Was it resolved ?
Your big opportunity appears to be here ! Some guy in the for sale database under misc messages is looking to put together a team for the year 2000 . This is your big break.. .
Are we trading with the referenced counterparty ?
Per Lotus Notes it appears that the above counterparty was acquired by Duke . I have sitting in my files the originals of both theirs and our guarantees . Do we want to keep these in place , mutually cancel them or what ? We sent execution documents to the counterparty and never heard back and put it on the inactive status .
Oops , what a surprise ! When I went to file away my file on the CFTC Form 40 , I noticed I already had a file in the regulatory cabinet where where had filed the form in 1995 and 1997 . Maybe we have to file these every other year ?
What's your pleasure on the below guarantees ?
In connection with the execution of the new ISDA Master Agreements between ECT and ECT Canada and PG&E Energy Trading Gas Corporation and PG& E Energy Trading , Canada Corporation , we , and they , will be issuing new "umbrella" guarantees that will cover all transactions between the above entities and also cover EPMI and PG&E Energy Trading - Power , L.P . and CEG Energy Options Inc . ( a PG&E affiliate ) These new guarantees will cover all physical , financial and power transactions between the above parties . I have sent them the original of my Enron Corp . Guaranty for $105,000,000 and have received in the original of the PG&E Corporation Guaranty for $100,000,000 . Rod is resolving whether we agreed to increase the Enron Corp . guaranty to $110mm . In connection with the issuance of the new bilateral guarantees I need to return to them the originals of the following PG&E guarantees: ( 1 ) PG&E Corporation Guarantee dated as of March 28 , 1998 covering business between Enron Power Marketing , Inc . and PG&E Energy Trading - Power , L.P. , ( 2 ) PG&E Corporation Guarantee dated as of June 5 , 1998 in favor of Enron Power Marketing , Inc . covering physical transactions , and ( 3 ) PG&E Energy Trading Corporation Guaranty dated March 11 , 1997 covering physical business with ECT Canada . I will also be returning to you the returned originals of the Enron Corp . Prior Guarantees .
No , a transaction had been entered into , the Master Agreement to govern it was signed , getting the certificates was one of the requirements under the agreement .
Attached is the Deemed ISDA for the referenced counterparty . Please remember to fax the counterparty U.S . IRS Tax Forms 1001 and Form W-8 . Thanks .
Attached are the Canadian forms as they currently stand . All of our forms are currently under revision , so there may be some more changes coming out soon .
Can you email over to me the form of UK Industrial we worked out while I was over there . Thanks !
Can you email over to me your Paragraph 11 too ! Thanks again .
It's always nice to chat with you too ! I'd love to go to lunch , I'm going to put in on my calendar to call you when I get back so we don't forget until the next time we see each other .
I printed out the referenced list that you sent me , but it has some information on it that I don't think we necessarily want to show the NYMEX . Specifically , your last two columns that show "cmbTaxType" and "tg/Active" . Is there any way you can reprint the list only showing the name of the corporation and the place of incorporation ? Thanks .
Here's an updated confirm on Saga . Bernice is awaiting your approval .
There was a big computer virus spreading a few hours ago and we all had to totally shut down our computers . Supposedly this virus was all over the world . Maybe we'll hear about it on the news . I have a meeting set up with IPI next week to demonstrate their system to our Global Contracts team leader , the Confirm Desk financial trading head , and also Mark Taylor . Right now I'm working on a summary listing what I think our system issues are . I've traded phone calls with Documentum . I'm actually trying to get this summary done , so I can send it to them to show them what areas we may be looking for help in so they can focus their presentation on our specific needs . I've looked at your material for Micro Modeling . I will be contacting them next . I've got our third paralegal trained , and she's getting up to speed , so I'm getting down to the last contracts I'm trying to resolve . I have another big project that ends this coming Wednesday , Thursday I leave for Germany for vacation for two weeks , and I hope when I get back to devote my somewhat full time to this project finally . So that's my story , how are you ?
Bob McInosh from Rock-Tenn called yesterday , and they did a trade with us and owe us money and he doesn't know where to send it . His phone no . is ( 770 ) 263-4456 , fax . ( 770 ) 248-4402 . If someone could contact him with our wire transfer instructions . It will probably be in the confirm you send him .
Are we having your group meeting today ? Inquiring minds want to know.. .
I didn't havw any time off .
Melissa , I still need to return the prior PG&E guarantees referenced below to the counterparty . Were you having them pulled ?
Just wanted to drop you a note before I leave for Germany tomorrow . I'm looking forward to the cooler weather . I got some good bargains on post winter sweaters this weekend because no one in Houston is even thinking about buying a sweater ! I spent more money on clothes than I ever have at one sitting ! My backyard is really looking good . It's almost all planted , maybe 90% done . I've planted a few new trees , a Japanese Red Maple , and a Saucer Magnolia ( which has lovely little pink fragrant blossoms) . It will be a while before they look like trees , though . Right now they kinda look like tall bushes . I've planted a lot of tropical plants , I've got a ten ft . plumeria ( which is what they make the Hawaiian leis out of ) which has little little yellow fragrant blossoms , and an Australian fern tree , which is about 7 ft . tall and looks kinda like a palm . They're in pots , because I'll have to take them in during hard freezed . I've planted lots of climbing pink , yellow and white roses and one mauve hybrid . It will take a while before they fill out . Also , two pink/purple crape myrtles , which should add a lot of color . Those are those colorful small trees that bloom all over Houston . I've planted a lot of stuff with scent , and stuff to attract birds and butterflies . I hope the next time you come it will have filled out a bit . Right now we've been having so much rain that they're drowning a bit . I need a little sun to make them bloom . And then there's my St . Francis fountain . He's just lovely ! Also , the central air is done . No more noise from window units . Now he's painting my bedrooms , the front one a real pale blue , and the back one a real pale pink . I hope when I get back from Europe it will all be over and I can start cleaning up all the dust . I'll have 3 days to recuperate because of the 4th of July holiday . You and Sue were going to spruce up your garden a bit . Have you been able to do anything ? I'm so glad I got to see your house . Now when you talk about things I can picture what you're talking about . Also , when I get back from Europe I'm going to get some cats again . I'm looking forward to that . I think I'm finally over mourning the demise of poor Willow . Mark said he didn't have a lot of time to visit with you when he was there because you were in Teeside a lot of the time . I'm sorry he didn't get a chance to see your car . I was trying to describe it to him and I don't think I gave it justice . It was good talking to you the other day ! I'll give you a call when I get back .
I spoke to Harry Musikas in NYMEX Compliance this afternoon and he gave me verbal approval of 500 contracts for COB spot month for the next year , pending final approval of Bernie Purta ( big boss at NYMEX) . We won't get the letter for about a week to 2 weeks , but I wanted to let you know . I spoke to Mike Swerzbin and told him the same thing . I'll pass on the approval letter and my revised list as soon as we get his approval letter .
I have passed on the confirmation termination letter you sent me to Melba Lozano on the Confirmation Desk for handling .
We have received the executed ISDA Master Agreement ( Multicurrency-Cross Border ) effective as of 06/29/99 . Copies will be distributed . IMPORTANT: All confirmations for this counterparty must contain the following representation: "Each party represents that it is in compliance with the terms , conditions and limitations set forth in the board resolutions or other guidelines that are applicable to such party's execution and performance of this Transaction."
Melissa , I still need to forward over the documents listed below . Have you , or someone in your group , been able to track them down .
I got it signed and Fedexed it up to ED&F Man for signature last night with instructions to send it back to me for transmittal to the OMLX . Thanks for your help !
Anthony , in reply to your voicemail that you can't find the guarantees , you've got to have them somewhere there . Maybe they're with some old Margie Wright files . But neither Legal nor Credit would keep the original guarantees , so they've got to be somewhere there .
It's about 1 1/2 hour drive outside of the City . I think if you wanted to ride you would only be able to do it weekends . Are you still interested ?
I got back from vacation late Friday . Our whole group got bumped from the flight in Paris so they paid us $700 each to take the next flight out . Not a bad deal ! But it was 27 hours travel time from start to finish and I was exhausted . Luckily , it was a 3 day weekend here , so I had time to recover ( and clean from my construction work) . I had a really nice time . Most of our time we spent in East Germany , except for the flight out of Munich . We went to Berlin , Leipzig , Eisenach , Wittenberg , Erfurt , Potsdam , and hiked in the Harz mountains . My favorite time was the time spent in Kitzbuhl , Austria . It was wonderful , I hope to make an annual hiking trip there for a week every year . It is so hard to do anything like it in Houston , I forget how nice the mountains can be . Our hotel was great , smack in the middle of town and it only cost $30 , breakfast and dinner included ! Such a deal ! I got home and my house is almost done . There are only a few minor things left . The garden is at 85% . My landscaper had a big fight with my tenant while I was gone so she wouldn't come to my house until I got back . I've picked out my two new kitties , and I'll pick them up this weekend , I think ( if the painter is done) . They are calico cats . I haven't named them yet . What's going on with you ? Are they working you to death ? Any fun things going on ?
I have created a new subdirectory in the attorney forms bank and moved the approved swap forms there . The subdirectory is called "Swaps" and there are two sub-subdirectories under there called "Current Forms" and "Old Forms" . I hope this makes it easier to find the swap forms . Also , by popular acclaim , we are doing away with the old numerical naming system for forms like 2101a , 2101b , and giving them names like industrial-canadian , etc. . I hope this also makes it easier to find forms . I am also moving forms we frequently use located mainly in my directory , but also in other people's directories , into the atty.fms bank . If there is a form you would like me to move in that I haven't , please let me know . This should make the forms available to users outside the Houston office . To the U.K . and Singapore: We are going through a form revision process here in Houston and when we are done I will send you clean and blacklined copies of the changes to you for your review .
Michael is the person . Keep me posted if you don't get access . How are you ? How goes the weight training ? Don't be a stranger.. .
Per our discussion when I was in London , we ordered you a box of blue files and sent them to you ( for your original deal files since you said you couldn't get those types of files in England) . One of our assistants got a call from what I guess must be Meagan and she ( Meagan ) said she was sending the files back because it wasn't what she wanted . So if you do want the blue files you might want to intervene with Meagan before the files cross the Atlantic again . We would , of course , be able to use the files here , so no big deal .
I sent you an earlier email about the blue files . Now Erica has received back the three hole punch I ordered for you ( so you could insert paper into the notebooks I have prepared for you) , as well as a request for redweld manila folders ( instead of the blue file folders we ordered for you) . Can you work out what supplies you want from us . We are happy to order whatever you like , but the overseas mail charges are going to increase greatly what the supplies are worth . Thanks .
Yeah , we also need to provide copies of the signed resolutions to Ted Murphy , so he knows what's approved , so he then knows who does a trade outside of the approval . We also then need to update the index to our corporate resolutions binders and substitute the revised resolution in our binders so the binders always contain the most current resolution .
I just wanted to let you know that Shari Stack is working on that Talisman letter . It was good talking to you , as always . I hope you got out and "stomped" a little bit !
Done .
I just wanted to check for one of our British attorneys who is coming into town next month to confirm he is registered for a seminar . Do you have Mark Elliott registered for Derivatives I on August 8 and 9 . Can you confirm this for me so I can confirm it for him . Thanks !
Just wanted to give you a head's up . We received last night from ED&F Man their form of proposed Clearing Agreement with the OMLX . It appears they simultaneously sent it to the OMLX . I am having my assistant fax a copy to you . I haven't had a chance to look at it yet , I'll do that first thing this morning . As you recall , we sent them the OMLX's form for signature a few weeks ago , and they've now come back with their form . I don't know how customary it is to negotiate this with the OMLX ? Anyway , we'll take a look at it here and give you a call .
Below is my listing of the remaining projects . 1 . Finish painting sunroom . 2 . Paint bedroom furniture . 3 . Replace two front door thresholds . 4 . Put mailbox in Nancy & Peter's front door . They have the hardware . 5 . Sheetrock over their livingroom bookcase at Nancy & Peter's . 6 . Paint outdoor pipes same color as house . 7 . I spoke to Bob Goss , they took the light fixture cover out of my back stairwell ( it's in the ceiling ) and lost it . Bob asked if you could replace it for him and send him the bill . 8 . Additional plumbing ( 1 ) airconditioning pipe , and ( 2 ) washing machine hoses in back of garage , and cover open drain near door to garage bathroom plumbing . That should do it !
I am trying to track down in London the author of an ISDA Schedule on the deal between ECT and the ETOL Trust . The top of the Schedule says "Milbank Draft" and the document # on the botton says LN1: #20030058v5 . Robina Barker-Bennett in Treasury left Mark Taylor an email about this , and I left her a voicemail trying to track down the document , but haven't heard back . I would think the document was prepared by one of your lawyers . Mark needs the computer document so we can do a blackline against another agreement here in Houston . Can you see what you can do to track it down for me . I'd appreciate it .
I got the confirmation that you are signed up for Deriviatives I on Aug . 9 and 10 , so you don't need to worry about it . I will be taking the class too ! We are trying to track you down an office . Our floor is completely full right now , between permanent people and contract workers , so we're having to do some shifting . They are getting ready to rebuild the floor , maybe build some more internal offices or make some smaller , because of the lack of space . Something y'all can relate to there in London !
We have received the executed Master Energy Price Swap Agreement with Belco Oil & Gas Corp . dated as of July 8 , 1999 . We have also received the executed Assignment and Assumption Agreement wherein the trades under the existing Belco Operating Corp . Master Energy Price Swap Agreement will be assigned to the Belco Oil & Gas Corp . master . No trading will continue under the Belco Operating Corp . master . The two active Belco masters will be the Belco Oil & Gas Corp . master and the Belco Energy Corp . master . Copies will be distributed .
Please add Carol St . Clair to the Credit Watch Lists for Houston and Canada .
Thanks for your help . I really appreciate it ! Congrats on the new baby , how's she doing! ? Getting any sleep ? How's your son taking it ? Who does she look like ?
You crack me up ! Your baby report made me laugh ! Keep me posted on how the kids are doing . I enjoy your stories . All my home improvements are about done . I've finally put in central air , repainted the interior , exterior , redone the hardwoods and landscaped , including a fountain in the backyard . It looks like a new house ! The final job will be new carpets and window treatments when I can get around to it . I've been doing this for a year , and as you well know , it gets old living in a construction site . I don't know if this is the final battle with the squirrels , or if we'll be at it again for another winter . I thought I had most of their holes for getting in closed , but with all this new construction ( the central air & heaters in my attics , with various lines coming out of the attic) , I'll probably have to go through it again this winter . I vow to prevail ! Keep in touch... !
Attached is a unilateral form of Confidentiality Agreement where Counterparty is the protected party . This form needs a little tweaking since it is more directed for a financing transaction . Peter can find it , as well as other forms , in the attorney forms bank . Call me , or have Peter call me , if I can be of further help .
Mark asked me to get your input regarding a Canadian form question . We have the following language in the Canadian ISDA Agreements: Limitation of Rate . Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Agreement , in no event shall the Default Rate , Non-default Rate , or Termination Rate exceed the maximum non-usurious interest rate , if any , that at any time or from time to time may be contracted for , taken , reserved , charged , or received on the subject indebtedness under the law applicable to such party . For the purpose of disclosure pursuant to the Interest Act ( Canada) , the yearly rate of interest to which any rate of interest payable under this Agreement that is calculated on any basis other than a full calendar year is equivalent may be determined by multiplying such rate by a fraction the numerator of which is the actual number of days in the calendar year in which such yearly rate of interest is to be ascertained and the denominator of which is the number of days comprising such other basis . Do we need to have the highlighted language exactly as it is , or can we have a general statement to the effect that the interest rate shall not exceed the maximun non-usurious rate and interest shall be paid on the actual number of days elapsed , based on a 365/366 day year ? Is there some special magic to the above highlighted language ? Thanks for your help .
Mark Elliott will be in the office from August 2 through September 23 ( I believe) .
I walked past that office and it still looked a little messy . Is someone from Prjoect Rock going to clean it out ?
In order to get you phone service here , the phone people want your passport number since you don't have a social security number . Can you provide it to Joyce Dorsey , an assistant here in Legal . She's working with Sylvia to get your office set up . Thanks !
We have a list of the London attorneys and paralegals attached to our ECT Legal Dept . List that we maintain . Do you want me to send you a list ? Where would you like me to send it to . Do you want me to write on it , generally , their areas of responsibility are ?
Attached is the language for insertion in the confirmation .
I spoke to Tanya and she said they only do energy trading through J . Aron , all the interest rate and currency trading is done through Goldman , so we don't need language re: that business . Also , I ran it by her , and she does want the language in the credit rating section of the MAC about "not supported by third party credit enhancement."
I spoke to Peter Keohane while you were gone about that Canadian interest change question we asked him . You'll see , he sent us both a fax with proposed changes to that section . When you have a minute , let's chat about what Peter told me . It wasn't a clear answer of what to do , so we need to decide which way we want to go on this .
I'm still trying to get an appointment set up with the Documentum people . One of the things I need to get from you is what is the current software you are using , so they know what software they've got to be compatible with . Can you send me an email back . Thanks .
I still need to get the following prior guaranty returned to the counterparty . If you are not going to locate this , I need to know because I am going to have to problem solve this with the counterparty . 1 . Guaranty dated as of February 10 , 1998 by PG&E Corporation in favor of Enron Power Marketing ( this would have covered physical power , not financial) . I received the original PG&E Energy Trading Corporation guaranty in favor of ECT Canada dated as of March 11 , 1997 from the Calgary office , so that one is taken care of .
Not much going on . I'm still trying to get Documentum to do a demonstration for me . I keep getting general marketing people , even though I tell them I'm interested only in derivatives software , and to get a derivative person to call me . I haven't gotten anyone yet that speaks my language yet . Then the fellow was a little condescending with me about price , like I can't afford their services . When I first spoke to them I told them to check the Enron web page to get more information about our company but it doesn't appear that they've done their homework . They're about to lose my business . In the end I think Mark is agreeing with me that we're going to design our own software . I still like IPI a lot , but they're only one component of the project . The Confirm Desk is still really interested in getting some software , and between the two groups it might make buying software for document creation more attractive .
I got a call while you were away from a woman at an affiliate of National Bank of Canada , they want to see our standard form of Repo Agreement to put in place for one of their affiliates "Levesque Beaubien Geoffrion Inc." , 1155 Metcalfe Street , Montreal , QB H3B 5G2 . The contact is Theresa Pace ( French pronounced ) and her # is ( 514 ) 397-5850 . I spoke to Harry Arora about it , and he said Darren Delage is working on it , and Darren is out the week on vacation and to wait til he gets back next week to send it out . So when you have a minute , let's talk about what to do .
I still need to see you about that Market Disruption summary for the Husky Oil Global Contract Datasheet so I can close up that file .
Try talking to Nadeem Tufail in London . I believe he is a paralegal that is responsible for their corporate filings .
I forgot one thing . I have that rotted board on the garage wall near the garden , we talked about tearing that out and putting in another 2x2 or 2/4 or whatever it is , and then painting that . Do you remember ? By the way , I can't believe you're alive . By the way you've been quiet , I thought you were maybe in that plane too... !
That's the point , it wasn't on my list ! I remembered when I was standing there looking at the garden and saw the rotted board . Also , there is a skootch of repainting that needs to be done on the same garage wall . You didn't tell me the bathroom you were working on for your other "client" was Michelle's !
I know you are just a spy so she can keep track of the progress of my garden . Why , just the other day I came home from work and caught her in my backyard! !
Fix all ! I need to tell Peter and Nancy when you'll be in their apartment .
Yes , you can fax me the invoice and statement .
Tracy , is there some particular reason I'm getting this notice ? Debra Perlingiere is the paralegal that does the Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreements .
Per your request .
I left a message with both Clement Abrams and his paralegal , Carol Essig , about the information you are requesting . I told them you needed an immediate response . If you don't hear from them within the next 1/2 hour let me know .
I'm going to try someone else .
Mark Taylor asked me to respond to your request about the OMLX software . I spoke to Mark Elliott in our London office who dealt directly with the OMLX . He said to contact Susan Gill at the OMLX , who we spoke to on the agreements , and she should be able to direct you to their software people . Her number in London is 011 44 171 815 8510 . Let me know if I can be of further service .
Global counterparty is trying to locate online corporate search companies that can check company names in Europe and Canada . In the U.S . we can access this information via Westmate in Westlaw . Are either of you aware of any online search company , or can you direct me to someone who may be aware of an online search company , for Canada and Europe ? If there are no online search companies available , is there a reasonably priced corporate search company that can verify this information for us ? I appreciate your help .
Thanks to you and Scott for your help , I appreciate it ! I hope all is going well.. .
Keep me posted on what you find out from this corporate search company . I'd be interested to see what prices we can work out . I am also going to contact Kate Cole and see if she uses anyone special . If Enron Corp . does and they have negotiated any special rates , maybe we can piggyback off of it . I'll keep you posted .
Per the memo below , we are looking for European and Canadian corporate search companies , and it occurred to me that you may already have someone you use . Do you have any recommendations ? Thanks for your help !
I'll have to go get one this weekend .
I'm helping Alan Aronowitz out with a presentation he has to give on the global energy markets and I was thinking that Paul recently did a presentation and maybe there might be some good slides on the European markets that I can pull in . Can you locate , or find someone to locate , Paul's presentation , and email it to me . I hope you get out of work at a decent hour today . I bet you could use a beer with all the late nights you've been putting in . How's the house going ? Thanks for your help !
I am getting ready to fax you the Cancellation Agreement which has been executed by an officer of ECT . I have two originally executed copies which I would like to overnight to you for execution and I need your address . Can you please email it back to me . Much thanks !
Per Lisa Mellencamp , can you add my name to the list of counterparties who are either bankrupt or in workout . I understand that you will have a list by the end of the day . Thanks .
Louis , The brother of the kids downstairs is renovating a house in the Heights and needs an electrician to rewire or do a new fuse box or something . Do you think that your electrician would want to give them a bid on the job , or do you have someone else to recommend ? They hired someone , who has in effect , taken their money and run , and their house sits , unable to proceed on the rest of the renovation work , until they can get the electric work done . Thanks .
The question of the day is , do you have access to our Lotus Notes Database ?
You are a star ! When are you going to get back to Houston ? There's problems going on right and left at Enron I think we need to solve !
Mike , How can Brent get access to our Master Swap Agreement database from EI in Argentina ? Thanks for your help .
I am going to have more names to give you from Argentina . Actually , I need to give access to a number of people to different areas of the swap database . I am in a seminar the rest of today , but when I get back I'll email you or give you a call about the access .
Alan Aronowitz is working on a presentation he has to give in Singapore on Global Energy Derivatives , and wanted to put a little blurb in of some kind about weather . He wanted to see if he could get a copy of the presentation you and Mike Corbally gave at the ISDA seminar to see if there were any slides that might be helpful for his presentation . Do you have a copy I can provide him ? Thanks !
The ISDA Multicurrency Agreement Schedule has been approved and moved into the attorney forms bank . It is located at o:legal\atty.fms\swaps\current The old ISDA Multicurrency Agreement Schedule is located at
Mark and I made some changes to conform the confidentiality provisions in the ISDA and Industrial Master Agreements that he wants me to run by you , ( 1 ) adding financial institutions to ISDA ( or deleting from Industrial) , and ( 2 ) adding same language to ISDA that we added to Industrial "...and each of such persons" auditors , attorneys , etc .
Tanya called and asked me to get ready for Catalytica , and prepare the Annex B , pending approval of the deal . I have it ready and am just waiting to hear we're ready to send it down .
We have received a copy of an executed Assignment and Novation of Transactions dated July , 20 , 1999 , as amended August 3 , 1999 , effective on August 12 , 1999 , wherein Merrill Lynch Capital Services , Inc . assigned certain transactions to J . Aron and Company . A copy of the assignment will be distributed .
Per our meeting , we need you to ( i ) check whether you had "Total Premium" or "Premium" in your online confirmation , and ( ii ) give me some language re: online trading procedures for the confirmation procedures section . Thanks !
We have dinner reservations for Tuesday the 24th at 7:30 pm .
Just a reminder that if you change any of the resolutions contained in our Swap Resolutions Notebook , you need to update the Index , and substitute the revised resolutions into each of the Swap Group's persons Notebooks . These would include for any of the trading companies , the resolutions that approve what we trade ( which also includes who can sign the appropriate documents) , as well as the brokerage approval resolutions . It does not include the Confirmation signatories .
Nope.. .
I'm working with Mike Corbally's office to get the missing information on Reporting Service , Reporting Agency and Datasource for the European based weather confirmations . As soon as I have that information available , I will plug it into the confirms and email the confirms to you . Mark Taylor said someone there in London Legal was working on a list of approved jurisdictions for derivatives . Is it ready yet ? Can I get a copy of it ? I need it to continue my work on the approved counterparty list . Thanks !
Attached is the proposed draft of the ISDA . I think two substantive issues we are going out with are adding arbitration and not deleting "Affiliates" from the setoff section ( which we agreed to in the original) . With all the bankruptcies going on right now Carol feels that we should at least make a stab at keeping Affiliates in . Let me know if the draft is OK to send out .
Just an FYI , did you notice that the NYMEX is applying to the CFTC to get a new electricity contract approved , the Mid-Columbia .
The revised form of ISDA exhibit.doc ( which contains the credit support annex and letter of credit forms ) has been moved into the attorney forms bank under atty.fms/current forms/isdaexh.doc . The old form of ISDAexh.doc is now under "old forms" in the attorney forms bank as atty.fms/old forms/oldISDAexh.doc . Again , per my last email , the revised Multicurrency Schedule is already in attorney forms . You may want to circulate blacklined drafts . The Index to the swap forms is now also located in the attorney forms bank for your reference for the most current forms . It is called "formlist.doc." London and Singapore , FYI , in addition to making changes to the ISDA collateral annex , we made changes to the MAC definitions ( which we inserted into ISDAexh.doc for ease of the paralegals ) and made changes to the letter of credit terms , as well as the form of Letter of Credit . We also added in an alternative "Credit Support Amount" provision on the front page of the ISDA credit support annex to deal with situations when we do not want to return the Credit Support Amount during the term of the Master Agreement . We moved the guaranty forms ( Enron Corp . and Counterparty ) as a separate document(s ) in the attorney forms bank , atty.fms/current forms/guaranty.doc . The guaranty form was revised to ( 1 ) make it cover both confirms and masters so we don't need two separate forms on an ongoing basis , and ( 2 ) we changed the procedures for timing of demands made on Enron ( deleting the 15 day period) . We are also discussing adding an assignment provision to the Enron Corp . guaranty with Clement and will keep you posted . We are close to finalizing changes to the Industrial Master , as well as making changes to the Omnibus form of confirmation . Also , by the end of the day I will have moved our standard forms of Secretary's Certificates into the attorney forms bank .
Peter , We revised the incumbency certificates for our U.S . master swap agreements to include the authority of the officer as well as the officer's incumbency . I made the same changes to the Canadian form , but don't want to make any final changes to the Canadian form without your approval . When you get a minute can you take a look at it and see if the change meets with your approval . Nella , I am enclosing the current form of certificate as well as the revised one ( which is #1 documents below) . Can you print them out for Peter . Thanks !
I still haven't received that list you mentioned of counterparties in bankruptcy or workout . What's the scoop ?
I have it , it is in the Swaps library .
Per your request , attached is the form of Duke Capital Corporation Guaranty .
The execution documents were sent over to Duke Energy yesterday . I spoke to them this morning and they we going to forward the documents internally for signature . I , or Marie upon her return from vacation , will keep you posted on the progress of execution .
Ask and you shall receive.. .
Julian , The "Confirmation" will be the actual written Confirmation , which confirms in writing the terms of the deal agreed to on the phone . I don't know if what they're looking for is a form of Confirmation ( not deal specific ) of what a Confirmation might look like if they did a trade , or if you actually have done or are proposing a particular trade and need to see the Confirmation filled in with the proposed deal terms . I left Roni Cappadonna with Duke a voicemail asking her which specifically she was looking for . As soon as I hear from her I'll get her what she needs . If you have any more questions , email me back , or call . I'm at your service !
Is anyone working on a confirmation for the Argentina office for a swap between ECT and Duke Energy International out of Argentina , Don Black would be the business person on this . If you know , I need to get the draft faxed ASAP to Duke here in Houston .
So far as much as I've been able to track , the Houston Confirmation Desk does not know about this Duke Confirm yet . Don , can you contact Dale Neuner on the Confirmation Desk ASAP with the proposed deal terms so he can prepare the Confirm and get it sent over to Duke . Thanks !
Mike , have you been able to figure out how to get Brent Hendry , who is now in Buenos Aires , access to our Master Swap Agreement database ? Can you let me know . I'm getting bugged about this .
August 30 is fine for lunch .
Tobin , You don't need to keep Taffy on the list about our volume positions . She is mine and Mark's assistant and just prints out the forms for us . She really doesn't need to know the specific position limits in the form .
Looks good ! Thanks !
Brent , I am having this woman with Duke here in Houston , Roni Cappadonna , calling me wanting to get the form of the confirmation . I don't know what to tell her . Can we get her a draft of a confirm with proposed deal terms or do we have to wait until the trade is done ? I think the person that really needs to be handling this is Dale Neuner , not me . I am kinda just in the middle of the confirm thing . Can we get Scott Neal , or whoever needs to relay the confirm information , to deal with Dale Neuner directly , so we can get Dale dealing with Roni .
Per Steven Vu's message , I still haven't received the info we need to complete the online weather GTC's . Any word on when we can expect it ?
Have you done deals in the UK and France that we should use as our model ?
For the online trading project , I am trying to track down for the U.K. , the Datasource , Reporting Service , and Reporting Agency for the GTC . I understand that you might either have that information or be able to direct me to someone who does . I appreciate whatever help you can give me !
Per a head's up from Tanya , LG&E Power Marketing was merged into LG&E Energy Marketing and is no longer an active corporation . Take it off the executed master list .
Per our conversation , I am attaching a sample form of online weather GTC . As we discussed , I am trying to complete the information for "Datasource" and under "Floating Amount" for Reporting Service and Reporting Agency for the U.K . Thanks for your help !
I'm still looking for that list of approved European countries for online trading . Any word... ?
I just wanted to let you know , I've got calls into Duke about the executed master and haven't heard back yet . I will give you and Brent a call as soon as I hear something .
Thanks ! I'll get Lavo's title changed . I spoke to our buddy in London this morning . He seems to be doing wonderful , as usual . He and Sue are getting ready to buy a new house in Twickenham , four bedrooms , garage ( so he can park his new convertible home instead of across town ) on the river . It sounds really nice . He has been traveling alot . Weddings almost every weekend for months . Rowing . That about sums it up . I ran into Gaffer for the 1st time in months . By his traveling schedule , I think we've really hired him to be a door to door salesman . I heard the Mounties have arrived for you . Your new lawyer has started . Congrats !
Very good !
Mark Taylor asked me to run something on Online Trading by you . We got a list of questions on various Online Trading issues from the Products Control Group which appears to be the group the will be managing the Online Trading HelpDesk . One of their questions related to the desire of HelpDesk managers to periodically listen in on phone calls with the customer to ensure what they explained as a "quality control" over the responses given to customers on the HelpDesk . They explained it as being like when your credit card company has an announcement that says the calls may be monitored from time to time . Is this something we want to do ? If we do , that brings up other issues , and we will have to run this by our outside counsel , Sullivan & Cromwell . Can you let me know your thoughts...Thanks !
Michael Corbally just wanted me to confirm the following with you . Per the list of Datasources you sent me , for France we've got Meteo France listed at the Paris address . We had a confirm earlier this year using Meteo France where we used their Toulouse address . I just wanted to confirm that the address we want as the standard address will be the Meteo France out of Paris , not Toulouse . If you'll just confirm that for me .
In response to our comments from yesterday's form meeting , I am saving the Industrial in my forms directory , now as #5 draft . If you have to draft one let me know , and we'll figure out which form to work off of .
FYI
Per our meeting , attached are the revised drafts of the weather GTC's incorporating the tax language and completing the Reporting Service , Reporting Agency and Data Source information .
FYI , for your Gibraltar deal . I am going to save this in attorney.fms , current forms .
Thanks for your help ! Are you getting back from vacation ? How's your house coming ? I know you are really busy , but if you get a free minute I'd love to hear the scoop.. .
Nikki , How do we dial that number from the US ? Is there a particular country code we have to use ? Thanks for your help !
I really appreciate your help !
As you requested.. .
Who is Molly Matheso ?
FYI
FYI
FYI , I just sent this to the paralegals , but then I though y'all would like to know who Molly is too .
I have made Sunday brunch reservations for September 12th at Brennan's for noon . Be there or be square.. .
We have received the following executed documents from counterparty: 1 . First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of 04/27/99 between ECT and Engage Energy US , L.P . ( i ) making certain changes to setoff provisions and ( ii ) changing Counterparty's exposure threshold; and 2 . ISDA Master Agreement ( Multicurrency-Cross Border ) between ECT Canada and Engage Energy Canada , L.P . executed 05/03/99 , effective as of 01/31/97 . Copies will be distributed .
Just an update on the status of the signing . As of Friday , Duke supposedly had signed their documents but wouldn't fax them over because they didn't like the certificate that Enron Corp . provided with respect to the guaranty . Clement Abrams , Enron Corp.'s lawyer , spoke to Duke's lawyer this morning and is preparing an additional certificate that should address their concerns . He is getting it signed and will then fax it directly to them and give me the original for transmittal . I'll keep you posted on how things progress.. .
Scott , Can you pass on Mary Solmonson's memo to the appropriate London lawyer responsible for Norway power contracts . Mary is the head of Global Contracts here in Houston , and Phillipe Travis works for Mary , and just went over to London to work on getting systems in place for Global Contracts in London . Thanks for your help !
I also noticed the ISDA memo , and was rooting around looking for the attachments that went with it , and couldn't find them . There was also a few updates in a second memo there to some country opinions . If and when Mark calls in I was going to ask him if he knows where the attachments went , because the one will cost $100 if we have to order it .
I'm passing on for response .
I noticed the memo too , and looked around this morning for the attachments that went with them , but couldn't find them . When Mark calls in I'll ask him what happened to the attachments .
We have completed the revisions to anexb.doc ( the document used to prepare credit for omnibus confirmations) . It has been moved into the attorney forms bank and is located in atty.fms/swaps/current forms/anexb.doc . The prior form has been moved to atty.fms/swaps/old forms/oldanexb.doc .
Attached is that chart that were supposed to replace with the current one on price volatility . I tried to open it up , but it was all gobbeldy gook . Maybe you could print it out for me and then I could take a look at it and if it looks OK we could just replace it with existing one . Thanks !
Thanks , I appreciate your help!...will I be able to get it tomorrow ?
Your call to Mark Taylor in Houston Legal was forwarded to me for response . Mark is on vacation in Germany until the end of next week . Per your voicemail , you has some US market descriptions that you need to have reviewed . I just left Mark a voicemail on his cell phone , I'm not sure if I will hear from him tonight or not . If youcould email or fax me the document/information you need reviewed , I will run it by Mark as soon as I hear back from him . I'm sorry I can't be of more help for the immediate moment , but I will respond as soon as I hear from Mark .
Per a call from Rod today , our executed master list hasn't picked up the following name change: Lomak Petroleum Inc . to Range Resources Corporation . Thanks !
Attached is the Annex B for Catalytica .
Per the request of Sara , I am attaching Annex A and Annex B to the Omnibus Confirmation for the referenced counterparty .
Mark Taylor has asked me to forward the attached email to each of you . Per Mark's direction and the email , we need to sign off , from a Legal ( not business ) perspective only , on the attached descriptions of the 12 product areas to be traded online . So far we have only received 5 of the referenced 12 descriptions . I will forward the additional descriptions to the relevant Legal group when I receive them . Per the attached email , Awais needs our Legal sign off by Friday . I understand Alan may be out for the rest of the week so the attached descriptions on Coal , SO2 and NOX will need to be approved by someone else in his group . I'm not sure who that would be . Could you let me know ? Mark asked if Shari and Sara could sign off on the weather and pulp & paper description for our group . Thanks for your help !
I have forwarded the descriptions you have sent us thus far to the respective Legal Trading Lawyers to sign off as far any legal issues we may have with the descriptions . I understand your deadline is the end of the week . When can I expect the remaining descriptions ?
Yes !
Attached is Annex A for the Omnibus , revised only to change "ECT" to "ENA" .
Per your request , I am attaching the Executed Masters List . Please feel free to call me anytime I can be of help !
Per our discussion , the email for that website is www.utilityconnection.com .
Mark , There has never been a time in our Group before where any member of our Group was cut off from mass distributions that were sent to all of our client base and member of the Group but me . If the intent is to cut me off and make me feel isolated from the Group and my friends , clients and customers and associates it is working !
Ditto as to my feelings of isolation and punishment .
If possible , can we hold this meeting until Mark gets back . I think Mark's input is the most important .
Per the request of Bill Bradford , I am attaching our standard Material Adverse Change clauses .
On your counterparty list for the UK , have you identified which counterparties are utilities or governmentals ? If you have that would help me alot . Thanks !
Bob , Per your request , attached are the online trading GTC's . It looks like Mark has all of them , not just financial . I'm going to talk to Stacy about this when she gets in , because I know she was talking about adding it in . I'll get back to you .
Here are the next four descriptions . Per Awais's message below , he is still trying to get these by today . I know it is a little late....let me know if this will be an issue . Please give me your comments so I can coordinate responses . Thanks !
Mark Taylor has asked me to forward to the relevant attorneys the following market descriptions . Obviously , for you , the weather one is yours , I sent the pulp & paper to Sara . We need to review the market descriptions from a legal perspective only . Awais is trying to get them back by today . Let me know if that will present a problem . He still hasn't got the liquids ones written , he says we'll have those by Monday . I am coordinating the responses , so please return any comments you might have to me for transmittal to Awais . Thanks for your help !
The MAC clauses are attached to the ISDA Master Agreement . I will have a sample copy walked down to you .
I have no idea if it was or not . Would you like to pass it on , or do you want me to ? Does he know what's going on ?
Your email captured the concern of our lawyers concerning business review of these descriptions . They are being forwarded to our business people now for review , but I don't expect that we will have them ready until Tuesday ( Monday being a federal holiday here) . I don't know what problems this is going to cause , but our lawyers feel it is very important that we get this business input on these descriptions . Jeff Hodge left a voicemail with David Forster to this effect .
Steve , I don't know if we are duplicating your effort , but our ECT lawyers here were also concerned about business review of these product descriptions , so they have forwarded these descriptions on to their respective business groups for approval . If we are duplicating your work , or doing something contrary to what we should be doing , please call me or Jeff and we will try to coordinate our responses . Otherwise , we will continue the review we are doing .
Here's the final liquids descriptions !
Alan , is this what you are talking about ? I forwarded your voicemail on to Mark T .
Attached are the revised descriptions for SO2 and NOX . Jeff Hodge signed off on the Canada description and said it looked fine in its current form . I will be faxing you this evening our comments to Natural Gas . You should have received weather by separate email from Shari Stack . Coal should be coming shortly , paper is being looked at by the business people and we will have it to you on Tuesday . The person responsible for power is out of the office , but will be back in town on Tuesday , and we will get you her comments then . Thank you for your kind patience .
FYI
I will be attending the online presentation today at 4 .
Here's coal . That just leaves power and any revisions to pulp & paper we may get from the business people .
I will have the master walked down to you shortly .
Thursday's OK with me .
I think the weather description you are referring to was sent by an attorney in our group , Shari Stack . If that is the one you are talking about , it should be okay . I don't know the regulatory guys , but I'll try calling Steve Kean and see if I get a response .
Shari , Can you take a look at this revised market description and let me know if its ok . Thanks .
I spoke to Steve Kean's assistant , and told her your deadline to get all these descriptions done was the end of today . She said she would pass the word on and try and get you comments by the end of the day . Let me know if that doesn't happen .
Either day is fine for me .
De nada !
I guess I still need your market descriptions for LPG , Oil & Oil Products and Plastics and Petrochem . Will I have them by the end of the day ?
Thanks Shari !
I am getting ready to fax you Steve Kean's comments to the language . Steve Kean is marking this material as to regulatory information only . Not as to legal . He told me he also passed these market descriptions to Karen Denney in Public Relations for her comments and she supposedly is going to send her comments to me for forwarding to you . I will let you know as soon as I receive your comments .
Were you serious about our conversation Friday , or were you kidding me ? If you were serious I'd like to talk to you about it .
After our meeting last week I spoke to Mary about getting a list of the products trading restrictions in our financial master and I haven't received it . With Mary out I don't know who to contact to get it , can you help me with this ? Also , would it be possible to get a list of the global contract numbers for our financial masters ? Thanks !
Below is the memo from ISDA that needs to be read in conjunction with that Master Netting Agreement .
Here are the descriptions again .
Taffy , you were going to check on how much vacation days I have left . I wanted to take a few days when my mom comes in for XMAS . Thanks .
I checked around and that is the most recent copy we have . If I can be of any help whatsoever , let me know !
How about Thursday , next week ?
I got Edward's markup of the description , and wanted to run it by you when you have a minute . Let me know.. .
Thanks for your help !
Thanks Bob . The couch is always open , tho' ( obviously! ) not always helpful !
List looks good to me !
I didn't know you sent the market description to Awais , so I was following up . I'll mark it out .
Here are your three remaining descriptions . Please note that Harry has asked that Mark Taylor review the plastics description . Mark is out of the office and will not return until Monday .
Awais , I sent you all these . What happened to them !
All the descriptions except weather have already been emailed to Awais and I have asked him to provide them to you . I understand you have weather which was faxed .
Mike , You may recall that I have asked that Brent Hendry , an attorney in our Buenos Aires office , be given access to our Lotus Notes Master Swap Agreement Database and that appears not to have happened yet . Can you please let me and Brent know what needs to be done to grant hims access . Brent will also need additional attorneys added to the database . Brent , can you provide Mike with a list of any other individuals ( Legal/Credit/Secretarial only ) you would like granted access . Mike , it also appears Brent would like to copy our database to set up a document tracking database in B.A . Who should he contact here to get a new database created similar to ours ? Thanks for your help !
Brent , I have asked several times to get you access to Lotus Notes . If we don't get you access in response to this latest email , we may need to kick it higher . Hope you are doing well...we miss you !
I just thought of one other thing we need to discuss with Credit in our meeting . I've asked them to get back to me about this several times and haven't heard . In the collateral annexes , we have interest on collateral computed at 360 days . So we don't have problems with Canadian counterparties , I would like to change that to 365/366 accross the board . I asked them if there was any specific reason why we've got interest on collateral at 360 , like maybe it's the custom in the bank/dealer markets . Anyway , I'd like to get that answered .
I don't know if your directory is supposed to be the place where all the most current GTC's are kept , but there have been some changes while you've been gone . I think Stacy has created new firm GTC's , and Leslie Hansen has revised the power to change the tax language and also change some of the reps . I told her to coordinate any changes she might have with David Forster . Janice has also been revising her forms to deal with some EFP issues .
We have added the new One Way , Cash and Letter of Credit Collateral Annex to the back of the Industrial Master . It is still located in my form directory , called industrial-u.s.#5.doc .
I'll put together some sample stuff and send it to you today . We really do have a problem getting responses from our computer people , so I hope a relentless bird-dog effort may bring a response .
It's not clear to me that our draft of the referenced agreement is the latest . Mark thought London may have made some additional changes . Can you email me the latest draft . Thanks !
Blue Range Resources Corporation is an executed ISDA Master we have for ECT Canada that went into bankruptcy . It shows up on my list because I'm working off the original list , but it is not a good Credit counterparty so it doesn't show up on Credit's approved counterparty list . I just want to make sure that we don't send them any mailouts .
Just checking to get a status report on your offsite . I hope there was no frivolity or frolickling had by anyone... !
I've found a great website to check on utilities ( trying to figure out if a counterparty is one , or whether its a governmental one) . It's at www.utilityconnection.com . It even has non-U.S . utilities . When you have a minute , give it a look .
Taffy , can you check Grant's list against our list of executed masters for ECT Canada . The Canada office is missing some of the masters we have in place , and we have to provide them copies . See me and I'll show you how to do a sort on Lotus Notes to figure out what executed masters we show Canada has in place , vs . the masters they think they have in place . Thanks !
Here are the descriptions for power .
Sent again .
Sign off on Canada .
It turns out that Jeff Hodge made plane reservations for 1:30 pm on Wednesday . Can we move that meeting up to 11:00 am ?
We have dinner reservations for Saturday at 7:30 . Reservation #189 .
I will be able to attend .
Access to the online trading system ? If that's the questions , probably none of us .
There will be a demonstration of the Online Trading Application for trading lawyers and paralegals on Wednesday at 11:00 am in EB2601a . This project continues to be highly confidential .
For online trading I am also going to have to sign off on whether we can trade with the UK based counterparty list , and I am probably going to need your help and your list to be able to do that . I am totally unfamiliar with the UK based counterparties and in most cases their names aren't even in English so I can't even guess whether it would be an appropriate counterparty or not . I am , obviously , most concerned about not approving trading with utilities and governmentals . I've been searching that utility website trying to figure out which are utilities from that , and guessing at the names if it sounds like a utility or governmental . Is your list done , or when will it be done ? Do you spell out if the counterparty is governmental/utility ? What help can you give me ?
Per the notes below , Jeff Hodge signed off on the description Awais sent us with no changes . NOX and SOX are attached also .
I am also reforwarding the coal description .
FYI
I noticed we have 2 entries for cpy in Lotus Notes . We need to delete one .
Mark , David Portz , Elizabeth Sager and I were looking at this slide and we're not so sure it's correct . We think it should reflect two huge power price spikes , the recent ones of this year , and the big one of last year . We don't think the attached slide correctly reflects the two price spikes . Can you take a look at it and get back to me...thanks for your help !
Per the meeting today , attached is the latest counterparty list in Excel .
Just a note to make sure that I get any updates to the approved Counterparty list . I will forward the list to the trading lawyers preparing their group's approved counterparty list here in Houston .
Our review of the counterparty list is not considering , for the most part , state of incorporation . The biggest consideration with derivatives is the country of incorporation ( and additionally , the country(ies ) in which trading will take place) . For the bulk of our swap counterparties , i.e . energy companies , state law currently isn't an in issue on approval of swap trading . It is more of an issues with governmentals , utilities , insurance companies , pension funds and the like , and we do not capture that information until we are in active neogtiation with a counterparty . With utilities , you cannot make a general assumption that any particular state law that applies to one utility will apply to another . Each utility need to be looked at individually to see which state or federal law may apply to that counterparty . The bulk of you customer list is not financial counterparties we are in active negotiation with , so we are not capturing state of incorporation . I know the Global Contracts Group has been trying to capture that information . You may want to talk to Mary Gosnell .
I am going to meet with Tom at 3:30 ( after our ice cream social at 3:00 ) to go over my latest list of questions to the 2nd credit list , so how's about discussing any other financial issues we might have then.. .
I gave Shari my whole file on Canadian cash collateral issues to look at . You may want to get it from her . It has Fred Erickson's phone # in there also .
Unfortunately , providing Matt with the ISDA Master is a problem . It's got the old confidentiality language in it that doesn't allow provision of the agreement to affiliates , so we cannot not send this agreement without Citibank's consent . Matt , if you want it you'll have to get Citibank to tell us , Enron North America , that it's ok to provide the agreement to you ( ECT International) . Sorry.. .
I'm a little confused . Do I need to contact Gary Bode to ( 1 ) get Brent and the Buenos Aires legal team access to the current Lotus Master Swaps Database , or ( 2 ) get the software developed for Brent to copy the database to create a document tracking database for the Argentina legal contracts , or ( 3 ) both ?
I have added Shari's MAC clause ( when there is no collateral annex and MAC is an additional event of default ) as an alternative in the MAC clauses for the ISDA Master Agreement contained in ISDAexh.doc .
Yes , I put together a package of stuff and sent it to you . I don't know how long mail takes to get there . It will probably be there I hope in today's mail .
I have been trying to get Brent Hendry and Andrea Calo ( attorneys in our Buenos Aires office ) access to the Houston Legal Department's Lotus Notes Master Swap Agreement database . I understand that you are the person that can get them access . This will continue to be an issue as we expand our trading offices around the world . Can you let me , Mark Taylor , the Assistant General Counsel for trading , and Brent know what we need to do to get Brent and Andrea access . Also , Brent wants to copy our Master Swap Agreement Database to create a database for the Buenos Aires legal contracts . How does Brent go about getting this new database created ? Thanks for your help !
Carol made some proposed changes to the MAC language and asked me to send it to you to get your input .
Mary , although this presentation is for the Legal Dept . I thought maybe if you have a representative from your group there it might be helpful . Do you have someone , like Mary Gosnell , that you would like to attend ? Let me know , and I'll get their name added to the list .
Have you sent these to Steve Kean ?
The Legal/Credit meeting scheduled for tomorrow has been postponed 1/2 hour until 2:30 pm .
If you find a product that does , keep me in the loop . We're always looking for better ways to do things up here and unless Lexis/Nexis improves , I am currently not impressed with their product , compared to the old Information America , which was great before they bought it out and ruined it ! How are you doing?...you must be a little stressed with this Online project , as well as others... !
We do not have a copy of the executed agreement for our files . Can you have one of your assistant's copy it for me as well as any relevant guarantees , credit support documents , etc . Much thanks.. .
Well , it turns out that Mark Elliott needs a revised draft of the UK ISDA incorporating our form changes since he needs to send it to Gibraltar counsel for the legal review he's working on for Gibraltar law . So , I'll work with Mark to come up with the form and then pass it on to you and the London legal team for approval .
Thanks for the material . I've been really busy at work . At some point when I have more of a break I'll call you .
Mark Elliott just introduced me to another charming aspect of English culture , the Morris Men . I've got their website bookmarked . Y'all are a goofy bunch . Dancing around in strange costumes , beating each other with switches . It's funny , each one of you imparts different aspects of English culture to me . I am constantly amused ! If y'all would only cheer at marathons... !
Shouldn't we be setting a time for a form meeting so we can review those documents ( Deemed ISDA , legal opinions , etc. ) I distributed a while back ?
Here's that email.... !
I'm working with Mark on approval of our counterparty lists for online trading . Mark asked me to contact you about the approach we should take with respect to financial trading with Singapore counterparties . Should Singapore be approved for all types of trading with all types of counterparties ? Are there are special counterparties we shouldn't approve for trading outside the governmentals , such as the utilites ? Are there any products that might not be approved for trading out of Singapore , such as weather , or any others ? Are there any special types of reps we might need to include in our agreements ? Any guidance you could give us with this would be most appreciated ! How are you and the baby doing ? We hope to see pictures on your next trip over !
Thank you for the lunch invite . I put on the calendar..."lunch w/sweet yao" . Can't wait !
Non-Smoking Room please . Preferably a suite with a wet bar , sunken tub , view over the pool , and complimentary room service . Not to mention my own private valet .
Well , Mr . Elliott , I do believe I am quite shocked at your allegations of me being the troublemaker . My review hasn't gone in yet and I guess I am going to have to mention...that you are the troublemaker !
Wonderful job !
Per Mark's conversation , you were going to get back to us on the scoop on France and utility counterparties . Any update ?
What do you want to do with masters where we have a note that we got the master in , but we have a bad certificate , and no trading should be done until we get a new certificate ?
How was your trip back ? I hear from Taffy you cut quite the figure in your cowboy duds , right down to having the right style of Wrangler jeans . The grapevine says you also did some mighty fine two steppin . The bright lights of London must look dim after the shining lights of Houston . Your visit seemed all too short . We probably won't see you for a few years , but I really enjoyed our dinners and chats . Stay out of trouble and make us proud !
The meeting is to discuss confidentiality agreements .
The mad cow disease must have extended to England's venerable sheep , thus causing a lack of worsted wool , hence , no new trousers which , I'm sure , is the only reason we haven't gotten a fashion bulletin from you in quite some time . The men's fashion news here in the United States says that the current fashion in ladies pedal pushers ( or knee length trousers ) has now extended to the gents and is becoming quite the rage . Fashion trends are quite slow in reaching the outbacks here in Texas , but I can see fashionable young swains in London and New York showing off their knees and ankles . Has this trend crossed the Atlantic? ! Has Justin bought a pair in red ? We miss our Tim from Texas....stay in touch !
Taffy , can you work with Nicola to get this conf . call set up with London , in Suzanne's absence . Thanks !
I spoke to Mary Solmonson about the chain of command in IT . Obviously , everyone reports to Phillipe Bibi in the end . She looked up Gary Bode , who Michael Neves , our Lotus Notes contact , reports to , and Gary is a Manager , but she didn't see his direct boss on the chart . She suggested for the Fishkin Project that we try and use Inja Chun , a woman she says is very good , or Chris Behney . ( She said we could have her , but she would be very expensive!...just kidding! ) I'm going to give Danny Clark a call to see who at EES is using Documentum to manage their documents . Perhaps we should set up a meeting to talk to Phillipe Bibi about the Fishkin project , so we make sure we get a good person assigned to us . What do you think ?
You forgot to have me off the week of Thanksgiving too . I know I mentioned that to you.. .
No word ?
I have noticed that humility is one of your most pronounced character traits ! Am glad you responded and look forward to seeing you.. .
Per our conversation , the additional "to do" list is: 1 . plumber still needs to do his stuff 2 . put up new light fixture in back bedroom 3 . fix broken window in Peter & Nancy's front bedroom . You'll need to call them to let them know the day you're doing it .
I'm out Tues . and Weds . at an in house seminar . How does today or Thursday sound ?
When you get back , I got a call from Koch about the Morgan "assignment" . As you recall , we are acting as agent on behalf of Morgan in connection with their commodity business . Koch called me and they want to get a copy of the "assignment" . Since it wasn't an assignment , what should I provide them ? I don't know that I can provide them a copy of our Servicing Agreement . What should I do ?
Per David Forster , they should be doing the online trading simulation tomorrow .
Per Mark's approval , when we entered into the master with CGAS , we found out they never entered into a resolution approving the swap agreement or trades thereunder . So each and everytime we do a trade with them we are going to have to get a resolution authorizing entering into the trade . So for the executed master swap agreement list we need to put: "Need board resolution prior to trading"
To the trading lawyers working on counterparty lists: Per the email below from Louise , the current target date for completion of counterparty lists appears to be Tuesday , October 12 . As noted below , an additional list of approved counterparties should be provided to us tomorrow . FYI , per my conversations w/Frank Davis , the first simulation occurred this week , and an additional simulation is scheduled for next week .
I just got an update from the OMLX of their rules . Do you need me to make you a copy or are you also getting updates ? Also , I get faxes of all their notices . So far nothing I've received has been interesting . Do you get copies of their notices ? Do you need me to send you anything I feel is worth noting ? They've also promoted me to Compliance Director , so I'm going to go in and ask Mark for a raise to match my title !
I thought of you this weekend . It was the fall antique festival in Round Top and I went , but it wasn't quite as nice as the pleasant day I had with you and your family . That was such a perfect day all around and I will treasure it . I hope all is going well... .
So I don't forget for Monday , Shari just send around the Canadian "eligible swap participant" language to be inserted in all Canadian confirms . Don't we also need to add that to the Canadian online GTC's ?
Yes , the list is the final approved counterparty list before the roll out of the system . All counterparty lists are due by the close of business tomorrow . If you are not sure of what the current approved counterparty lists are let me know .
Do not worry about that new product type . It doesn't pertain to you . If you see none that looks like power you might want to pay attention . I know Jeff has been getting similar emails .
The document wasn't in the blue file either . I called Tanya and asked her if she could fax us up a copy of it . Also , I asked her to let you know what her thoughts were on the proposed amendment . Do you want me to call Rick at BMO and let him know you're working on it ?
Just a confirmation , we have the following lawyers scheduled to attend the upcoming conference: you , Justin , Paul and Jon . Is that correct ?
See Lotus Notes
Lovely note , crummy master . It makes Belco look good ! I know Olin Corporation only because they had a plant near the summer camp I went to in North Carolina and there were days when the stench from the plant pervaded the beautiful Blue Ridge Mountains where the camp was located . That plant manufactured the plastic wrap that went around all those cigarettes they were making in North Carolina . I kinda remember them being a plastics company back then .
Attached is the latest draft of the referenced GTC .
Font of useless knowledge !
Would you like to respond? !
Per Mark's earlier emails and conversations , we have 10 govt's/utilities with masters in place that are approved to trade , with about another 30 currently being negotiated . The other 30 or so will only be approved to trade when we get signed masters in place and any other relevant documents related thereto ( like legal opinions) .
We are getting calls from our brokers and the NYMEX telling us the brokers still have not received notification of our name change . This is causing problems with the brokers clearing the trades on the NYMEX . Per my voicemail several weeks ago , since you/your desk are our communications guy with the brokers , they need to receive the notice as soon as possible . When will you be able to get this notice our of our name change ?
I have already notified all the exchanges we deal with of the name change , but the NYMEX says the brokers have to file some form with the CFTC , and they can't file that form until they receive the notice from us .
How can you be on vacation this week if you are responding to this email ?
We have tried to get the computer people to respond to your request for Lotus Notes access , but they don't respond . Mark , what do you think the next step is ?
Mark , open up felix the cat . He is adorable !
As far as your email questions , my responses are following: 1 . The list I have provided you is the only list that exists on financial counterparties . There is no Excel spreadsheet to follow . 2 . Duke Energy Corporation . At Mark's direction , I am sending his note below regarding utilities . Again , until we do the due diligence on a utility counterparty we have no way of knowing what kind of local , state or federal regulation or approvals they may be subject to . We currently have masters in place with only about 10 utilities/govt's . We are in the process of negotiating another 30 . Until those masters are executed and we have the relevant resolutions , authority documents and/or legal opinions , I cannot approve them for online trading . I have made every effort to search company websites and elicit from Credit whether a counterparty is a regulated utility or not . If I cannot tell by the information available to me , additional due diligence will be needed to see if they are subject to local , state , or federal regulation . Mark can override any decision I have made , I can only make decisions within the guidelines the attorneys have set for me . 3 . Montana Power Trading and Marketing Company is a subsidiary of a regulated utility . I am unable to determine from Credit or their website what type of regulation they might be subject to . The note is true that Credit says they are getting out of the business anyway . 4 . Petrotemex . Per my conversations with Mark and our advice from counsel , unlike U.S . and U.K . counterparties , Mexican counterparties are not able to enter into derivative transactions unless their articles and bylaws specifically provide for these types of transactions . We will not know this until the due diligence is completed , so I am supposed to say "no" for Mexican counterparties we do not have a master swap agreement in place with . 5 . PSEG . It is an energy services company; however , it is also not an eligible swap participant ( or "ESP") . CFTC regulation limits the derivatives trading we may do to certain types of counterparties that meet certain financial requirements ( large , institutional type investors , companies , banks , etc) . Corporations and partnerships have to meet certain net worth and asset levels or we cannot trade financially with them . Whenever I say "not ESP" or "not eligible swap participant" it means they have not met the financial net worth test . 6 . The American Coal Company . See prior note .
Attached are the revised online GTC's . The weather GTC's won't change except for the credit support language , so I thought that you could make that same change when you made it to the rest of the GTC's .
Did we order that special UK sized paper ? I still have to copy that OMLX stuff for Mark Elliott's binder there in London .
Louis Fernandez was wonderful to work with . His work was top notch , his subcontractors did a great job . For instance , I put in central air and one of the old window units we took out was in the brick in front of my house . I thought when the brick got repaired I would have this mismatched brick box they would look ugly from the front . Louis's brick guy was so good that you cannot even tell the brick was repaired . Also , his sheetrock guy did a wonderful job . You cannot tell where he repaired sheetrock holes . Louis is also a good businessman . He gives you a weekly bill spelling out the exact number of hours he or his subcontractors worked and also listing any supplies he was billing you for . A lot of contractors are not good businessmen . I think Louis is honest about the time it will take to do a job , he communicates when he has a problem and how that might effect the cost , and I also think a lot of homeowners when they do construction have a lot of add ons they ask of the contractor , that they don't figure in his additional time or money on . To sum it up , I think with Louis you will get a good job for the money you pay .
The 1st list attached here is the one I used for the 1st list you have .
Per my voicemail , below are the revised online GTC's . Sorry for an inconvenience this might have caused you .
I spoke to the fellow at legalanywhere.com today . He will only be in the office Mon . and Tues . of next week , so if possible , he would like to set up a demonstration with us together at your desk on the computer so he can work us through the software . Let me know when a convenient time would be for you , maybe Tuesday sometime ?
A reminder for when you get back on Monday !
I spoke to Mark Taylor . How does Tuesday at 11:00 am sound ?
11:00 am Central Standard Time ( 1 hour earlier than New York) .
What's the scoop on the TXU negotiation ? Brant says we're in a strong negotiation position with them right now , because they've acquired Howard's book and need our consent , and also have to post an expensive LC with us to take in those Howard trades . He wants to know if he should use our leverage here to get that ISDA Master in place .
Just a note , if you've got some recent pictures of your daughter to bring them.. .
Attached are the revised drafts of the weather GTC's .
Anita sent me the message below re: board resolutions to trade out of Singapore . Can Singapore trade out of the board resolution that was approved for ECT Interntional , or are we going to have to get another board resolution signed allowing financial trading out of the Singapore office ?
Per our discussion.. .
I had a conversation with Mark Taylor this morning about your board resolution . He looked at the resolution we drafted for ECT International , and he said it would also cover the Singapore trading , so I have drafted a Secretary's Certificate and Incumbency Certificate for you to use . With none of the Secretary's being located in Singapore , do you need my assistance in getting it signed here ? Who will you have sign the agreement ? What do you usually do ?
Edmund , Can you help us figure out who in London can help Anita execute her first ISDA , which also will include the usual Secretary's Certificates . I don't know if you know , but Singapore doesn't need EEFT to sign as the arranger , ECTRIC can sign directly . Per the resolution , it needs to be a VP , President , Managing Director or Chairman . It looks like the London based officers who could sign would be John Sherriff , Danny McCarty or John Lush ( ?) , unless you are familiar with someone else who can sign for ECTRIC . It looks like for the Secretary's Certificates , all the Secretaries are located here in Houston , so we should probably prepare them for the usual Kate Cole's signature . Anita , you will need to have two signed copies , and initial both copies for signature , as also will your London Credit person . Congrat Anita ! This is very exciting !
No , I haven't met Matt , in fact , I don't know much about him . Is he here now ? For how long ? Thru the Legal Conference ? I would be happy to help in whatever way I can . As you know , we've recently revised our forms , so this would be a good time to get him indoctrinated . I will , of course , be sad to have you leave us . You have been wonderful to work with from both a personal and professional standpoin . Your baby's gain in your time is a loss to Enron , because are a most valued asset to our company . I hope our lives will cross again some time ! Best wishes for your future , you deserve the best !
Mark , should we forward Carol's email to Bill , so he knows what the issues are ?
Regulatory made some changes to the power description and Awais wanted Legal's sign off again and needs a response by tomorrow . Will that be a problem ?
With respect to Online Trading , Mark wanted me to follow up with you re: insurance/reinsurance company issues . Per our earlier conversations , I am saying "no" to online trading for all insurance/reinsurance companies we do not have a master with . The online people have come back and said , hey wait a minute , you are already trading with insurance companies without a master , i.e . Swiss Re . They are wanting to open up Swiss Re for online trading and any other insurance/reins . we are currently trading with without a master in place . Do you have a list of those companies ? What are your feelings about that ? Can we trade online with Swiss Re ? How about any other insurance companies you are currently trading with without a master in place ? Or do you want me continue to say no ? Thanks for your help !
I looked at Gillian's website and she is adorable ! What a cutie ! I've bookmarked it and I'll keep looking for updates .
I'd like to attend !
Mark asked me to contact you to get a copy of one of the letters we sent to outside counsel requesting updates on their legal advice to deal with the online trading issues . We have to get similar letters out to some of the South American countries and Carribean tax shelter islands . Much thanks ! By the way , weren't you out for vacation ? Did you have a good time ?
Leslie Hansen was out today so Elizabeth forwarded your language to one of our power attorneys in the Portland office for review . I have some minor clean up changes from Elizabeth , but except any material changes to come from Christian Yoder in our Portland office . As soon as I receive Christian's comments I will add forward them on to you .
It just occurred to me after discussing online trading this morning with Mark for other countries , that I am approving online trading for Mexican counterparties we have a master in place with , however , in my later thinking , did our advice from Mexican counsel address the issue of enforceability of online transactions ?
I have forwarded on your email and fax to Marie Heard . She was already working on that issue , what a happy coincedence !
When are you coming in ? When shall we have dinner ?
We need to update the advice we received from Mexican counsel to address the online trading issue . I spoke to Nony and while we're at it I'm also going to ask whether there are any other updates since they rendered their original advice . Are there are other issue you would like to add to our request for advice ?
Bob Shults called this meeting to see what the status was for the different product groups' confirmation and GTC forms . The two issues out of the meeting I was asked to bring to your attention were: 1 . Attaching the Online GTC's to the outgoing confirmations . Per our discussion , it was my understanding that the GTC's would be attached to all outgoing confirmations . That does not seem to be the general consensus . There seems to be feedback from London that is not the case , and Janice Moore was also saying she didn't know if that's what the liquids people were going to do . Bob Shults asked for your direction with these holdouts . 2 . The issue of the credit in the masters being overriden . First , after our discussions yesterday , we couldn't figure out a way they could change the approval status within Credit from approved with a master to a "B" approved GTC with credit . Second , Bob Shults thought that had been agreed to have the credit overridefor all the product areas and I told him that financial was still discussing this issue with Credit , so we would have to get back to him . I guess the physical people are OK with that . I don't know what discussions you have had with Jeff and Alan , but Bob Shults appears to want to have this confirmed for him . Also , along with the credit override of the master , there is supposed to be some letter that will be sent out to the counterparties . Who will be drafting that letter and will it be the same for all product groups ?
Per the email below , do you have any other legal advice with respect to trading issues we should address with Mexican counsel when we send out the updates below . Please let me know ASAP , we hope to get our letter out Monday .
Shari , per the emails below , have you received or do you have any other advice we need to add ?
Thanks for the smiles ! I am busy this weekend , but if you're in town , how about doing the nickel tour and Village Shopping the next weekend ? If not , maybe another time when you are available . Let me know.. .
FYI , we are also going to send out a memo to Columbian counsel requesting advice on online trading and asking them for any other general update to their earlier advice .
Below is a confirm issue for handling . Chris , in the future , please direct your confirmation requests to Susan Bailey , who is the current paralegal on the confirm rotation , or if the request is for an Annex B , to each of Susan Bailey , Susan Flynn and Marie Heard . Thanks !
Per Shari this a.m. , we had already requested an update on Ritch , Heather's legal advice from another law firm in Mexico , Lopez Vallardi . You have already authorized payment of the bill . The fax requesting an update from Ritch , Heather went out yesterday . What would you like to do ?
Shari said our new counsel was supposedly better counsel and that's why we asked for the update from them .
Liz and Christian Yoder reviewed the description since you were out .
Last week I left taped to your chair the referenced form of confirm that Bob Bowen needed you to sign off on . He says he never hear back . Can you call him and give him the sign off . Thanks !
Can you do me a favor and look to see if we are doing any financial trading with the following counterparties: Florida Power & Light Peoples Gas Light & Coke Company Dakota Gasification Company Enmax Corp . Much thanks !
Per my meetings with Credit and further research , I am making the following changes to the financial counterparty approval list . Credit/Mark , let me know if you disagree with any of my changes . List #1 1 . AES Power Inc.: no master in place , changing to "yes" ,  approved for financial trading 2 . CXY Energy Marketing ( USA ) Inc.: no master in place , changing to "yes" , approved for financial trading 3 . DTE Energy Trading , Inc.: no master in place , changing to "yes" , approved for financial trading 4 . Duke Energy NGL Services , Inc.: no master in place , changing to "yes" , approved for financial trading List #2 1 . AES Corporation: no master in place , changing to "yes" , approved for financial trading 2 . Cascade Natural Gas Co.: no master in place , changing to "no" , not approved for financial trading 3 . Equitable Power Services Company: no master in place , changing to "yes" , approved for financial trading 4 . ICC Energy Corporation: no master in place , changing to "yes" , approved for financial trading 5 . Montana Power Trading & Marketing Company: no master in place , changing to "yes" , approved for financial trading 6 . PSEG Energy Technologies , Inc.: no master in place , changing to "yes" , approved for financial trading 7 . Tenaska Power Services Co.: no master in place , changing to "yes" , approved for financial trading 8 . The American Coal Company: no master in place , changing to "yes" , approved for financial trading 9 . Thermo Cogeneration Partnership: no master in place , changing to "yes" , approved for financial trading 10 . TransCanada Pipelines Limited: no master in place , changing to "no" , not approved for financial trading 11 . Unitil Resources Inc.: no master in place , changing to "yes" , approved for financial trading 12 . Washington Gas Energy Services , Inc.: no master in place , changing to "yes" , approved for financial trading List #3 1 . AGIP Petroleum Company: no master in place , changing to "yes" , approved for financial trading 2 . Ball Corporation: no master in place , changing to "yes" , approved for financial trading 3 . Bank of America International Limited: no master in place , changing to "yes" , approved for financial trading 4 . Comstock Resources Inc.: no master in place , changing to "yes" , approved for financial trading 5 . Cyprus Amax Coal Company: no master in place , changing to "yes" , approved for financial trading 6 . Heritage Gas Services , LLC: no master in place , changing to "yes" , approved for financial trading 7 . Ormet Corporation: no master in place , changing to "yes" , approved for financial trading 8 . Swift Energy Company: no master in place , changing to "yes" , approved for financial trading Bob , there are a few others I am still re-reviewing , I will get back to you as soon as I resolve/answer my questions .
How did we ever resolve the two signed masters situation for Elf Trading S.A .
Another counterparty change , for Midland Cogeneration Venture Limited Partnership . We will switch that to a "yes" but only if they accept online GTC w/o change . This is the one where they wanted an exculpation clause for the partners , and that is totally unacceptable .
I discovered it was a non-ISDA master , so I had to delete the weather .
I just spoke to Sara Shackleton and she approved opening FPL for all financial trading . She has also been discussing the utilities with outside counsel and we may be able to open more up for trading . She is going to bring a copy of my list to the Legal Conference and review it , so hopefully we'll have some more changes for you next week .
To remind me to discuss this with you when you get in: We received via our fax notices from the OMLX a request to provide them with information about our Y2K readiness . When you have a minute let's look at the form together . Probably Alan will have the answers .
I stopped by to see you because Mark got in the mail a blacklined draft of the prospectus from Bowne on the weather offering and I wanted to see if you got your own copy or do you need me to have one made for you .
Now that the cat is out of the bag I can tell you about the other big project I have been working on . The press releases went out last week . Mark Taylor was also the host of this year's ECT Legal Conference ( which takes alot of work to put together!) , which we just had on Thursday and Friday . You may have read in the papers about our new Enron Online , our new web based commodity trading system . You can view it at www.EnronOnline.com . Mark has been the lead attorney on that project which has been an enormous amount of work for him . Besides being Mark's aide-de-camp on EOL generally , I have been working on the counterparty approval lists for the financial contracts , which has meant going through every counterparty we have to determine whether we should approve them for online trading . As you can imagine , that has meant looking at thousands of counterparties , contracts and legal issues and trading restrictions . As far as my "Fishkin" project ( as Mark and I call it) , I recently went to an internal class on Project Management and am redefining my project goals , objectives , etc . We've found a few new software programs we've been looking at , some we found out Enron already has . Mark and I are discussing what we've seen , defining and redefining what we want , and hope to finalize our thoughts soon . Mark and I are currently designing the swap jurisdictional database in a Lotus Notes format , and hope this week to get the computer people to design the software . This would be my database of foreign derivative laws , ISDA opinions and the like . We need that up and going desperately . We , have been having to look alot at foreign laws for the online trading project as well as general trading questions lately , and it should be a slam dunk to put this database together and start loading the information . So that's been what I've been up to , let me know your thoughts about EOL ! P.S . Thanks for the article !
Just a note , you know , we more or less made the same changes to the Industrial Master that we made to the ISDA . If you are using that form at all you should update it to include our changes . I think Paul mentioned in his presentation at the seminar that you were using the Industrial as the basis form for Norway . Anyway , if that is the case , we may need to look at that form . See , you're always in my thoughts ! Missed you at the seminar . I hope we'll see you at one of these soon !
I hear you had dinner with our friend Molly Saturday night , what happened to the relatives? !
When you have a minute , PECO called with an authorized trader list problem and Liz asked me to bring it to you for handling.. .
Angeline Will you be sending the ISDA Agreement for signature directly to Mark Frevert ? I'm asking because he will have to sign the incumbency certificate before Kate Cole , obviously , certifies to his signature . How do you plan on doing this ? Perhaps we should have Edmund Cooper in London coordinate the signing . What are your thoughts ?
I will send a copy to you ! We miss you.. .
I called Edmund Cooper and he is out on vacation til Monday . Do you think I should email him the certificate , have him print it out there in London , I guess Anita has to initial the two ISDA Master Agreements for signature , then Edmund could get them initialled by Credit in London , and then bring the certificates and agreements up to Mark Frevert for signature . What do you think ?
If you've got the copies , why don't you save them as a form into your system and use them to draft the Caltex Certificates . Send them over to Edmund with the ISDA Master Agreements . Leave him a message asking him if he could help you get the agreements and the incumbency certificates signed , then have him send the certificates to me for Kate's signature . I think that should do it .
Thanks for your email . It is important on a going forward basis that if we veer from any restriction that Legal has placed on a counterparty ( e.g . if Credit says it is ok to trade weather under a GTC instead of a master ) that Legal hear before we trade so we all make sure we are on the same understanding as to whether any restriction should be waived . In response to your email I have the following comments: 1 . The New York Times Company: cannot trade derivatives online at all . Their board resolution and master agreement require that two specific officers must enter into the trade together on a telephone call . They cannot trade any other way without revising their board resolution and agreement . All their trades must be done by telephone . 2 . San Diego Gas & Electric Company: the California PUC said that utilities such as San Diego cannot enter into derivatives transactions at all ! 3 . Aspect Resources: can enter into derivative transactions . We want the transactions to roll up under the existing ISDA Master Agreement between ECT and Aspect . 4 . Brant-Allen Industries: Is shut down , more or less , for all financial trading . They cannot enter into another derivative transactions with us , either on the phone or online , until , prior to entering into the trade , they provide us with a board resolution approving the trade or derivative trading in general . The board resolution they provided with the signed master agreement only approved the one trade we entered into at that time . 5 . Cox & Perkins: We had a master with this counterparty and they have informed us i writing that they didn't want to trade with us anymore . In reality , if they did another trade , Legal will need to be contacted and we probably would try and reactive the master and roll the trade up under the master if possible . Credit , keep us informed if they do trade . 6 . Sonoco Products: We should not be trading with them at all until we resolve this payment dispute . Sara Shackleton was working on that . We do have a master with them , and if we resolve the payment dispute and begin trading with them , the trade should roll up under the existing master .
Below are my comments to the Legal/Financial transactions only on the latest counterparty list: 1 . CMS Marketing , Services & Trading Co.- no Column L , cannot do basis transactions , that is floating , weather trades should all be approved , Column CF should be out , basis is floating , fixed price transactions only 2 . Elf Trading S.A.-should be approved for weather , why no weather ? 3 . Lehman Brothers Commercial Corp.-weather should not be approved 4 . Power Authority of the State of New York-seems to be missing from list . What happened ? 5 . Richardson Products II , Ltd.-please note , we just got in the signed ISDA Master Agreement this week 6 . UBS AG - approved for interest rate and currency only-should be restricted for all other products 7 . Abitibi Consolidated-please note , we got the signed ISDA Master Agreement in this week 8 . Cross Timbers Energy Services-missed no weather 10 . Trafigura AG - Column DZ , US weather CDD swap is ok , Column EB , HDD weather swap is ok 11 . Emerson Electric Co . - switching to approved for all products , it is not a utility . Per my conversations with Bob Shults , I have been and am continuing to review our list of utilities with Sara Shackleton , outside counsel and the regulatory people . I don't know when I will get you a revised list , but I hope to open a bunch of the investor owned utilities for general trading .
Per my conversations with Credit , the referenced counterparty is the New Jersey incorporated sub of a German company , a liquids based counterparty , and they are an eligible swap participant . We do not have a master agreement in place with them . I am approving them for all financial trading .
Per Peter's request.. .
I have received the Unanimous Written Consent of the Board of Directors of Enron North America Corp . dated 11/10/99 appointing Dale Neuner and Robert Shults as agents and attorneys-in-fact to execute Password Applications on behalf of the Company for online trading . The original Consent will be sent to Kate Cole for inclusion in the corporate minute book and copies will be sent to Dale and Bob . When signing the Password Applications , Dale and Bob should sign them as "Agent and Attorney-in-Fact" . In the absence of Dale or Bob , any V.P . or above can sign Password Applications ( with initials from Legal) . If you have any questions , please do not hesitate to call me .
Per the request of Lorna , attached is a blackline of that legal opinion .
Can you forward to Karen a copy of the lastest Electronic Trading Agreement . I'm not comfortable that what I have is the latest . Much thanks !
In order to deal with the online trading program as well as other issues that repeatedly arise , we need to make some modifications to our Master Swap Agreement Database . Foremost , we would like to open the Master Swap Agreement Database to any ECT , ECT Canada or ECT International employee that would like access to the information . This would include employees in the London , Oslo , Singapore , Portland and Buenos Aires offices . The only information we need to continue to restrict is the Legal and Credit comment section ( attorney-client privilege issues) . Access to this information would continue to be limited to Legal and Credit In addition , it also very critical that only Legal and Credit have access to the Portland General masters . Second , we will need to add some drop downs to deal with online trading issues . Online trading will commence by the end of the month and we need to have this information and access available by that time . In addition , we have remaining "kinks" in the database we need to resolve . Can you let me know when you would be available to meet to discuss the changes . Thanks for your help !
How about Wednesday at 10:00 am ?
Please find attached Annex B.doc .
Barry Tycholiz has asked me to confirm for you that we do have a master in place with Husky . We do , indeed , and I will shoot a copy down to you .
I faxed over some changes Thursday . I deleted all references to ECT and ECT Legal Advisors being a party to the opinion . Haedicke is an officer of ECT International , he is General Counsel and Managing Director , and so he can sign as such . No need to pull ECT into the opinion when unnecessary .
Mark wanted me to let you know he is reviewing your legal opinion and will call you with his comments .
What is this email about ? Do I need to do anything ? Also , your attachment is unreadable because the columns are overlapping .
I was told this was supposed to be an Omnibus , not a Deemed ISDA .
I checked our records and we do not have any Master Swap Agreement with either K&N Marketing or Kinder Morgan . Perhaps Credit knows something about this . In addition , we cannot approve any merger documents until we get copies of the merger documents filed with the relevant Secretary of State . Marilyn Colbert usually provides them to us .
Pam , Per the email below , we will be terminating the transactions referenced below today . Can you fax me the confirmations referenced in #1 below so I can make sure I have referenced them correctly . Much thanks !
Attached is the proposed form of Termination Agreement . I have requested copies of the relevant confirmations from the Confirm Desk to confirm that the transactions are referenced correctly . Please let me know if you have any comments .
Mark Taylor asked if we could make one additional change to the database . He wants to move the "Restrictions" right after the counterparty name so it's the first thing the dealmakers see when the open an entry . Thanks , we really appreciate your help !
Please find attached form of Deemed ISDA . When you fax it to the counterparty can you please attach to the back of the fax IRS Forms 1001 and W-8 . Much thanks !
Mark asked if you could add something else . Could you add an additonal drop down that follows "Legal Contacts that says "Historical Contacts" . We wouldn't want anyone else to see that but Legal and Credit . Thanks !
Peter , Mark took a look at your termination and he thought it looked fine . Actually , he liked your termination and release better than the language we have in our form , so we're changing our form . You are the man ! I checked the New York law when I drafted the termination so you're ok there . I'll be out all next week , my Mom's coming into town for the Thanksgiving holidays . If you need to get hold of me my assistant will have my cell phone number ( since it's NYMEX bid week and both Mark and I will be out , I have to be reachable . Mark will have an international cell phone with him , he's sailing in the Caribbean , so if you need to get hold of him for any reason , Taffy will have the number) . Let me know if I can be of further help today !
If you need to get hold of us next week , Mark and my cell phone numbers are as follows: Mark: 011 44 7881 512 535 ( dial like you were calling London )
We seem to be getting alot of questions about the name changes of the various Enserch/TXU entities , so attached is a comprehensive list . A copy of the notice will be sent to the usual suspects .
Miss Tana Jones Houston , Texas 77005
Can you please give Sara the NYMEX numbers to review while Mark and I are out . Thanks !
Peter , Is there anything I need to do on this project ?
I am in room EB3802 . EB3890 was my old office .
Thanks for the article . I will distribute it to our group and Credit . With Online Trading quieting down a bit , Mark and I are finally focusing on "Project Fishkin" ( as we call it) . I am already getting a new database developed , the jurisdictional database , to keep track of swap laws around the world . We hope to finalize our recommendations soon , and get the project up to Haedicke for his approval . Of course , Online trading goes live today to our customers , so there's not telling what problems may crop up . I'm crossing my fingers for a quiet day ! Hope your holidays went well . My mom came down from New York , and it was colder in Houston than it was at home !
If you have a complete list regarding the Enserch entities we wish to trade with , I can run it by Enserch and check on the legal names . I think it would be helpful for our full distribution ( Legal , Confirm and Others ( settlements , Global Contracts , misc) , if you would distribute a full list of the Enserch entities we wish to continue trading with and what business out of each entity . I think this will stop people coming back and asking again and again .
Frank , Mark asked me to handle this . Can you forward to me the name and phone number of the person that signed the password application ? Thanks .
Peter , I looked at the Banque Paribas Agreement . It is an ISDA Master Agreement ( Multicurrency-Cross Border ) dated as of June 28 , 1995 . The Agreement was executed between ECT and Banque Paribas . Banque Paribas changed its name to "Paribas" on May 11 , 1998 , so I think you need to change the agreement and signature line to read "Paribas , formerly known as Banque Paribas" . or something to that effect . The agreement is governed by New York law .
Pam , Peter Keohane , our Calgary attorney , is working on a termination of some trades between ECT and Paribas and needs you to fax or send him the following confirmations ASAP , Deal nos . EA7484.3 and EB3772.3 . Thanks yet again !
From what we have been able to determine , it appears that the City of Riverside is not authorized to invest in any types of financial derivatives .
Joe , I just found out Pam is out today and Peter needs these confirms ASAP . Can you get them to him . Thanks .
Thanks for your prompt help with this ! I know Peter appreciates it .
I asked Richard Ramirez if there was a business contact and he said he didn't know , but he was going to get back to me . I think in his job in Fuel and Energy Risk Management , he is probably the business contact . He probably makes the decisions about fuel purchases and derivatives hedging . He also wanted to get a power enabling agreement in place . I spoke to Liz Sager and she said we already had a power trade on the books and except for authority issues , there was no reason not to do financial energy . As far as sending my Lotus Notes comment , I just did that manually . I spoke to the Lotus Notes people before I went on vacation , and among other changes , they are going to try and fix it so we can just click on the email address and it will notify people to see Lotus Notes . Of course , the only groups that will have access to the comment sections of Lotus Notes ( for confidentiality purposes ) will continue to be Legal and Credit . But we are going to open everything but the comments and "priority" screens to any interested business people . I'm going to move the "restrictions" bar right after the name so when the business people look the first thing they will see will be any restrictions . Then , I'm going to add a drop down for online trading , approved or not , and then a comment screen ( that only Legal and Credit can see ) so we will have some notes about why we approved them or not ( some of us are getting old and can't remember things!) .
I got a call from the Lower Colorado River Authority today asking us if we would like to put a power enabling and ISDA Master Agreement in place with them . I spoke to Liz Sager and it appears we have already done a physical power trade with them . Of course , we can still not do financial trading until we run through all the hoops with them . I don't know who you directed your marketing package to , but he wanted some information on online trading and I said we would send him a packet . Richard Ramirez Fuel and Energy Risk Management Lower Colorado River Authority 3701 Lake Austin Boulevard Austin , Texas 78703 Thanks !
We have resolved the authority issue with referenced counterparty , and have approved all financial trading , including online financial trading , under the executed ISDA Master Agreement between ECT and this counterparty dated June
In response to your email re: Richardson Products II , this counterparty was approved for trading ( without a master then in place ) under my initial list of approved counterparties . Per the email below , we then received in the signed master and the distribution was notified .
Yes , I had already approved them for trading without any restrictions . When I got the signed master in , it just meant that the confirmations now took a different path . Something that yall will find helpful.. . I've been working with the Lotus Notes people in upgrading our current Master Swap Agreement database , and once its finalized we will be opening view access to anyone who wants it . I am adding drop downs for "approved for online trading" , so you will be able to confirm our approval , als , contract information which is currently provided on a monthly basis will now be available at all times . I think other groups that rely on our contract information , Credit , Settlements , Global Contracts , EOL , dealmakers , or anyone else ( at ECT or ECT Canada for confidentiality purposes ) will now be able to be seeing what we're seeing in terms of the financial contacts . I was told my prototype would be done by the end of the week , and then we'll have to test it , but hopefully this information will be available soon . I hope this is helpful !
In response to your email , an amendment to the referenced executed ISDA Master was sent by Susan Bailey to the Counterparty on 11/23/99 . With respect to the credit , this amendment provides for an increase in the Counterparty Exposure Threshold from U.S . $3,000,000 to U.S . $5,000,000 , and amends one of the MAC provisions for Counterparty by increasing Counterparty's Net Worth from CAD$85,000,000 to CAD$150,000,000 . Certain other changes are being made to agreement including amending certain of the the LC provisions , as well other changes to legal terms that will incorporate our recent form changes . THIS AMENDMENT HAS NOT BEEN EXECUTED . Other credit in the agreement not being amended includes 3rd party debt default for Counterparty of CAD$5,000,000 and U.S . $50,000,000 with respect to Enron Corp. , an Exposure Threshold for ECT Canada of $10,000,000 , and a MAC for ECT Canada tied to a drop in Enron Corp.'s Credit Rating below "BBB-" from S&P . The other MAC for Counterparty that is not being changed is if Counterparty's ratio of its Funded Debt to Net Worth is more than 1 to 1 . I hope that helps...let me know if you need more info or if you need me to fax these documents to you .
1 . Vitol S.A. , Inc . - already approved for financial trading this morning , master in place . 2 . Nicor Enerchange-approved for financial trading , no master in place . 3 . Helmerich & Payme Energy Services , Inc.-approved for financial trading , no master in place . 4 . Ashland Speciality Chemical Company-is a division of Ashland , Inc . Ashland , Inc . is approved for financial trading , no master in place . CONFIRM DESK: WHEN THESE CONFIRMS GO OUT , we consider this counterparty to be Ashland , Inc . We want Ashland , Inc . to show up as the company name and on the signature line . If the counterparty wants the division name there , we can sign it "Ashland , Inc. , acting through its Ashland Speciality Chemical Company division" , but we want the company name there and on the hook . Let me know if you have any questions.. .
Just a note to remind you about something we need to discuss tomorrow , Transco Zone 6 .
Why don't you send them directly to Kate , with a note to return them to you . It might speed things up .
Aquila wants to trade online under two names , Aquila Risk Management and Aquila Energy Marketing . They have asked us to attach to their ETA , a listing , and copies , of all master agreements we have in place with those two counterparties , whether physical , financial , gas , power , etc . Can you look those up for us and copy the relevant contracts ? Thanks for your help !
Attached is my response to your 12/1/99 list .
Molly , Why were the counterparties on your latest list under the Legal tab different from those under the Credit tab ?
The counterparties below for review are under the Credit approval tab . Please let me know ASAP if they are approved to trade .
Attached is another list for approval . Under the comments section , if it says "declined" you do not need to review it because Credit has not approved the counterparty to trade , if it says "division" it means that it is a division , and Credit has already approved it to trade under the counterparty name to the right , if it doesn't say anything , it means it has been approved to trade and those are the counterparties you should be reviewing .
If you open in "view" you will be able to see it . Thanks for your prompt response !
You get a gold star for the week !
That seems reasonable to me ! Ask the Swap Paralegals , no matter what the problem is , my answer is "well , you know what that means..." and they all respond "we can go home!" . If they only made me boss.. .
In connection with Enron Online , please add the following people to your email distribution list for new contracts or any contract or counterparty change: Karen Lambert , Frank Davis , and Carrie Southard .
Attached please find a proposed form of Termination Agreement for Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce . Obviously , we need to still input the trades . Peter , It appears that our signers on the trading floor will be offsite in PRC meetings on Thursday . I need to know ASAP when we plan on signing this because I am going to have to call around to find an officer that might be in .
I forget my attachments all the time . Sorry !
Attached is the consolidated list of counterparties for the week ending 12/3 . All other lists sent to you by various people this week can be ignored . If a counterpartys says "declined" by Credit , you don't need to look at it . If there is nothing in the box it means "approved" and , as of today , look at "divisions" which means they are trading out of a division The "division" issue is up in the air and is being looked at on a going forward basis . Per my agreeement with each of the physical groups , IF I DO NOT HEAR FROM YOU IN ONE DAY , I WILL ASSUME THE COUNTERPARTY IS APPROVED TO TRADE ALL THE PRODUCTS THAT CREDIT HAS APPROVED FOR THAT COUNTERPARTY . We rarely expect counterparty issues from the physical trading groups , most of the counterparty issues will be with the financial trading counterparties . I ONLY NEED TO HEAR FROM YOU IF YOU HAVE A PROBLEM WITH A COUNTERPARTY . Most of the physical trading group's issues will revolve around which contract to use , and that should be resolved directly with Global Contracts , in the same way you resolve such issues on an "off-line" basis . Credit is redoing the 12/6 and 12/7 lists they sent to me earlier , and I will forward them to you as soon as I receive them .
What is was is that the document was in Word 95 and we work in Word 97 , so I just had to go in and open Word 95 . I think what you are doing is what they are trying to get up and going here in Houston , but they're not ready yet . Mine and Mark's questions to you is who goes down the Legal List and says yes or no to trading ?
Attached are the final lists for this week for your approval . Again , if I do not hear from the respective physical trading groups in 1 day I will assume that all counterparties are approved .
Another list !
Are you approving this for financial trading ? Per our conversations last week , I thought it would not meet the eligible swap participant criteria . Let me know... .
Any word back of City of Riverside ?
Unless otherwise noted on a going forward basis.. . unless I specifically mention a physical product , all physical counterparties will be approved for all the products that Credit has approved them for . If I have an exception , it will be noted , otherwise CONSIDER THAT THE RULE . Most of the comments I will have relate to financial counterparties: For Financial I am not responding to Credits "declined" counterparties . 1 . AEC Storage and Hub Services , a business unit of Alberta Energy Company Ltd . BAD NAME . There is an ISDA Master in place between ECC and Alberta Energy Company Ltd . I will approve financial trading with this Counterparty if the Confirms go out under that name . 2 . Ashland Speciality Chemicals Company , a division of Ashland Inc . We are currently negotiating a master with this counterparty . We earlier sent out a draft under a division name , and the counterparty came back and told us to change the name to Ashland , Inc . So , if we trade under the Ashland , Inc . name , I can approve it for financial trading . 3 . Bayer Inc. , Rubber Division-BAD NAME . I have already approved trading under Bayer Corporation . 4 . Coast Energy Group , a division of Cornerstone Propane , L.P . - turning down to trade financial because we have already approved them for financial trading under Cornerstone Propane , L.P . 5 . Southwestern Energy Services Company-is a division of Southwestern Energy Company . We have an ISDA Master in place with Southwestern Energy Company , which I will approve for financial trading under that name . 6 . Tenaska Marketing Canada , a division of TMV Corp.-already approved trading under TMV Corp . 7 . Trammochem , a division of Transammonia Inc . - BAD NAME . I already approved them on the first list , and their master is in the name of Transammonia Inc. , acting through it Division Trammochem . FIX NAME ! For Power 1 . City of Riverside - per Leslie Hansen , they are permitted to trade pursuant to a GTC with collateral - subject to recieving override letter .
Thanks for your prompt reply !
What a happy coincidence about the book ! We'll have to share thoughts when we're done reading it . The New York Times gave it a rave review , which made it so popular it was sold out for quite some time . I've had to scold our buddy up there in the frozen north . He's having to work on a master physical/financial netting agreement for a Canadian counterparty and has been calling me to ask basic ISDA questions that were covered in my class . I told him if you two were paying more attention instead of clowning around so much...oh well , good thing I can't get him with a ruler up in Canada ! Take care , and I'll look forward to chatting with you.. .
I just got off the phone with Aquila's Kansas City attorney about online trading issues and he said he would like to get an ISDA Master in place with us . He said the contact to negotiate is their Calgary attorney , Carissa Browning at ( 403 ) 543-7188 . I told him I would pass on the request to our Credit team . Much thanks !
Mr . Harrell , Thanks for the lovely note about the execution rate . When we had a big group meeting a few months ago we ( Legal ) were actually surprised by our success level at that time , but these numbers exceed our expectations . Since you congratulated Credit , I took it upon myself to also email the message to Credit . too. .
FYI.. .
I just got a call from Stuart Rosman , who is meeting with the referenced counterparty right now . NCPA would like to get a password in place today to start trading , and there seems to be some confusion as to what types of transactions they can do online . Per my earlier approval , this counterparty can trade any physical products under the credit terms established by Credit . They , however , cannot trade financial until we get an ISDA Master in place ( and have told Stuart they are currently not interested in trading financial) . Stuart said he would be calling Carrie in about 1/2 to make sure this message is conveyed to her . If anyone is aware of any problems here , please convey them to Carrie ASAP !
Karen , I don't know that I need to get these lists from you that reference the contract numbers . I really don't know anything relative to contracts numbers . What was helpful was your memo earlier that listed the rejected masters . I took at look at it and then distributed it to the Legal EOL team . Thanks !
Can you take a look at this and let me know what you think.. .
Per my conversation with Frank , we are opening up the referenced counterparty to trade financial under the division name indicated above .
Here is a rough first draft of our jurisdictional database ( summary of swap laws) . Besides the obvious typos , how does this work for you ?
Thank you for such a prompt turnaround ! I have forward your email to our swap lawyers for their input and hope to get back to you shortly .
Canadian Securities Acts . ( i ) Each Transaction shall constitute an &OTCDerivative8 as defined in the Securities Act ( Alberta ) and the Securities Act ( British Columbia ) which have application to such Transaction and ( ii ) it ia &Qualified Party8 within the meaning of paragraph 9.1 of Alberta SeCommission Order Doc#394043 and paragraph 1.1 of the draft British ColumbiaSecurities Commission Blanket Order BOR#91-501 , as in effect on the date hereof.]
Bob , In order to be able to draft the Aquila assignments below , I am going to need the contract list which shows the contracts the trades were originally under and which contract they will be under when we assign them . Can you for that list to me ASAP so I can get started drafting the assignments . It make take some time . Thanks !
Attached is the referenced counterparty list . There is no change to either counterparty since my earlier response to you .
The financial agreement is with Petro-Canada . We don't appear to have received any notice to the contrary .
Peter , I don't know what letter you're talking about.. .
With respect to the attached list , please note that for Credit's "amended" counterparties , there will be no change in our original approvals except as noted . Also , I have not responded to the "declined" counterparties , so those noted as such are not approved for any products ( I didn't want to go through and "X" out all the boxes) .
Attached is our standard assignment form for financial masters , and a very rough draft of Aquila.. .
Kate Cole's office sent me down your executed certificates , and I am going to Fedex them over to you . Have a nice holiday !
Attached please find the referenced counterparty approval lists . Per my conv . w/Frank and Leslie Hansen's emails , on a going forward basis , U.S . based counterparties should not be approved for European based physical power products , and vice versa . I don't know how you want to handle that , I have not "Xed" out European physical power from the attached list . What should we do on a going forward basis ?
Russell , On Public Service Company of Colorado , I don't know why you have this on "no financial trades" , but if it was because of the contract authority problem , that has been resolved , so you could open it up if that is the reason . See Lotus Notes for more detail .
Attached please find referenced list . Per my earlier emails , I am not "xing" out the boxes for european power , but they should not be traded .
I have received the fully executed amendment to the ETA for the referenced counterparty dated 12/20/99 . Copies will be distributed as usual to Frank Davis , with a copy to Dave Forster .
I have received the fully executed Termination Agreement dated as December 15 , 1999 , effective as of December 17 , 1999 , terminating certain transactions under the ISDA Master Agreement . The ISDA Master Agreement remains in full force and effect . Copies will be distributed .
Please change the approval for the referenced counterparty to add basis swaps as an approved financial products .
Attached are the referenced lists . If the Credit Counterparty is "amended" I don't have any changes to what I've previously said about the counterparty unless I add "w/change" ( which I didn't have any on these lists , so just keep the Legal approvals the same) . The only counterparty on the 12/22/99 list was a "read only" counterparty , so I didn't bother responding to that list . For physical power , again , even 'tho I'm not saying it , "no" for European based physical power products .
Well , I got your new website added as a shortcut in my mail directory , so now I can bother you at will ! Watch what you pray for , you just might get it ! We had a rather uninspiring flight back from New York , Craig watched "Inspector Gadget" on the inflight movie(he said it was really bad ) and Danelia read the Bible the whole way . The only good news is we arrive 1/2 hour early ! The weather was so warm in Houston that we had to turn the air on in the car . It cooled off a bit today and we need sweaters . When I got home I spent the rest of yesterday moving my plants back out of the garage where I moved them for the freeze that never arrived . That's one thing I hate about Houston winters , you can never count on it staying cold so I have to keep moving the plants in and out . After that , I aired out my house and vacuumed from the stinky kitty litter box . Then I ordered in Chinese and read three days of newspapers . Very relaxing ! Don't I have an exciting life ? Keep in touch.. .
I tried ridggway@concentric.net and it didn't work . Is there some type there ?
We have received the signed faxed copy of the Letter Agreement dated 12/28/99 amending the ETA for the referenced counterparty . Copies will be distributed .
I've had no list come throught with this counterparty . What's the scoop ? Will it be on tomorrow's list ?
Attached is the referenced counterparty approval list . Per earlier emails , no U.S . counterparty should be approved for european power until we hear otherwise . Also , per my email yesterday , CMS Marketing , Services & Trading Company was already approved yesterday to do basis financial . All other prior approvals for that counterparty should stay the same .
Anita , It has been a pleasure working with you and I hope to find you in my life later on down the road . Best wishes being a full time mommy . I looked at the baby pictures on the website and they were adorable ! Is this showing up on today's list ?
Thanks for your email . I've got everything I need now .
Attached is referenced list . Again , no European power approved for U.S . counterparties until further notice .
I will attend . Let me know what I need to bring . Thanks for your messages.. .
I have received the following originally executed documents from the referenced counterparty: 1 . EOL Customer Registration Form 2 . Password Application 3 . Amendment to ETA These copies will be walked down to you .
Will you be at the same dinner ? How goes the house ?
I have received the originally executed Amendments dated 12/20/99 to the Electronic Trading Agreements for each of American Electric Power Service Corporation and AEP Energy Services , Inc . Copies will be distributed .
It would be nice if you could be at my dinner , since I probably won't know anyone else . Anytime you want to go to lunch to check on the house status , I'd be glad to go.. .
Julie Gomez , that's who it was !
Lunch sounds good !
We have received the executed Amendment to the ETA for the referenced counterparty dated 01/05/00 . Copies will be distributed .
OK with me !
We are closing to finalizing a Lotus Notes Database for us to keep track of approvals for online trading counterparties and any amendments to online trading documents . Once the database is done , I ( and you , I guess ) will have to input the data for the Houston and London based Credit counterparties . I am forward to you this early draft of the database for you to see what it looks like . You will have to go into "create new counterparty" to see the format once you opened the database up . We're still revising it to add a drop down for amendments to online trading documents , and then we're going to have a sort similar to the Pending Swap Update sort on Lotus Notes , that will show the Counterparty Name , Approved for Online Trading: Yes or No , and then follow with any amendments to the online agreements . This will , obviously , help us keep track of if and why we've approved a counterparty , and also help us generate reports to the online trading team . Access will currently be granted to the same people who have access to the Master Swap Agreement Database . If you have any additional Credit Online People to add let me know . We hope to have it ready within the week so we can start populating it with the information .
can you add the regularly scheduled Legal/Credit Meetings , and the Swap Group Meeting for my calendar for the year . Thanks !
How goes figuring out why our positions were so far off ?
With respect to your email below , I am already working with Bob Bowen on assigning the various Aquila trades . On Amoco , I will need to get a list similar to the one Bob prepared for me for Aquila , showing the exact trades being assigned , deal no. , whether they are physical or financial , trade date , start date ,  end date , etc . If you get with Bob he can show you what he prepared for me for Aquila . Once I get that I can prepare the assignment . I will also need the name and phone number for the Amoco person I should be sending this assignment to . I don't know who will have that , the Confirm Desk , Settlements , or EOL ? Once I get all this I can prepare that assignment . I don't know what you mean about the positions being "defunct" ?
We have no idea ! We rely on you to tell us what the positions are !
Without calling each of the respective traders , we do not know any of the positions .
Attached are referenced lists . Again , no approvals for European physical power products until further notice .
How does one decide what recipe to cook ?
Per my conversations with Bob Shults , Bob Bowen , Mark Taylor and Brant Reves , we are going to open Aquila Risk Management Corporation to trade weather under the EOL GTC's .
As a further to my previous email , the EOL Group will code the weather transactions to fall under the financial master , and the Confirmation Desk should confirm the weather trades under the current form of confirmation .
Attached is referenced list . Continuing being boring , no european power until further notice.. .
Our only concerns are that we have the appropriate tax forms signed and in-house before they start trading . If they trade U.S . products from the UK we will have to get the appropriate U.S . tax forms in , and Edmund can address any UK tax forms they might need on UK products traded from the UK .
Please change your records to relect that Legal has agreed to open the referenced counterparty to trade any financial products .
For a Netherlands incorporated counterparty wanting to do a weather option transaction , on the list you sent me earlier for the approved products for european countries , you had no options or swaptions for commodity derivatives , but nothing on weather . What's the scoop on weather options ?
Williams Energy Marketing & Trading Company shouldn't be a problem for weather transactions . The Master Agreement we have in place with them is an ISDA Local Currency . The only thing we need to cover is in the confirmation adding the trade option rep for weather , since weather wasn't covered way back then . Otherwise , they are already approved for all products for online trading . Since the master is a Local Currency form , we might run into some problems if they wanted to trade non-u.s based products , or use any other currency other than U.S . $$ . If either of those issues come up , let me know .
Attached are the referenced list . Again , no european physical power for U.S . counterparties until further notice .
Per the request of Lucy Ortiz , I have reviewed the current list of weather counterparties we are trading with , and have targeted four counterparties that we have open for trading weather offline that I am now going to open for online trading . 1 . El Paso Energy Marketing Marketing Company , name change as of 12/1/99 to El Paso Merchant Energy-Gas Company - previously approved for all products , except weather , now add approved for weather also . Non-ISDA Master Agreement in place . 2 . Madison Gas and Electric Company - previously not approved for any financial products , now approving for all financial products . No Master Agreement in place . Credit , we need to pursue this financial master . 3 . Swiss Re Financial Products Corp . - we previously did not approve this counterparty for any financial trading - now open for weather financial trading only . No Master Agreement currently in place; however , we are getting close on the negotiation of this ISDA Master . 4 . Vitol N.A . - we previously had them approved for all products , but weather , open them up for weather , as well . Non-ISDA Master Agreement in place . Steve Douglas , counterparty is a Swiss corporation and have never sent us their tax forms .
Why don't you fax that letter up to me so I can figure out what it is ,
Stacy , I don't know anything about this , I guess it's yours ?
We have received a faxed copy of the Amendment to the Electronic Trading Agreement between ENA and the referenced Counterparty dated January 11 , 2000 . The original will follow by Fedex . Copies will be distributed .
I'll be there.. .
Please find attached list .
In response to a RUSH request from Frank: FINANCIAL TRADING: El Paso Merchant Energy-Gas , L.P . is approved to trade all financial products under with the existing El Paso Energy Marketing Company ( now known as El Paso Merchant Energy-Gas Company ) Master Agreement dated as of 04/20/95 . Such Master Agreement and the Transactions thereunder we assigned to El Paso Merchant Energy-Gas , L.P , pursuant to an Assignment of Agreements dated as of 12/1/99 . Confirmation Desk: with respect to weather confirmations , they should continue to follow the existing format of the El Paso Energy Marketing Company weather trades ( changing the name , of course) . We are in the process of replacing the old "ERMS Style" Master Agreement with an ISDA Master Agreement and will notify you when the new agreement is executed . PHYSICAL TRADING: Approved for all products . Global Contracts: talk to Stacy Dickson about which contracts to use ( EL Paso , Sonat or GTC) . EMERGING PRODUCTS . Approved for all products . POWER: Not approved for trading . All power trading should continue under the old El Paso Power Services Company entity until we receive documentation that evidences the approval of the assignment of their power license .
We have received the executed Amendment executed as of 01/11/0 , to the ISDA Master Agreement between ENA and the referenced Counterparty dated as of July 13 , 1994 , This Amendment adds FX and Currency Option provisions . Copies will be distributed .
Below are the training preferences for our three Houston traders . If you could sign them up I'd appreciate it .  I'll let you know as soon as I hear from the two Portland lads . Thanks for your help , it was fun chatting with you !
Attached is the referenced list . Again , no physical European power approval for US counterparty until further notice . The El Paso Merchang Energy-Gas , L.P . was responded to by email already yesterday .
How goes you choosing a date for NYMEX ACCESS training ? I faxed you the schedule . The Houston guys are going February 4 , from 10:00 - 2:00 . The earlier you reserve , the better chance you have of getting the date you want.. .
We have received the originally executed Password Application and Amendment to Electronic Trading Agreement dated as of 1/5/00 . The originals are being walked down to you .
Attached please find the referenced list . Some additional comments are as follows: 1 . City of Redding-no change from our previous approvals . 2 . Cajun Electric Power-no west coast power ( caiso or firm) . It can only trade east coast power and Enron can only purchase from Cajun via EOL . As usual , no European power until further notice .
Attached is revised list , opening up EOG Resources , and shutting down Cajun Electric Power Cooperative . Thanks for the catch !
I don't know where we stand on reviewing the derivatives situation for the referenced counterparty , but Frank Davis with EOL just called and the counterparty is applying for a password , so he wanted to refresh his memory why we wouldn't open them up for derivatives trading . I told him that we were just looking at their situation last week , and to give your name & # to the counterparty if they question why they can't trades derivatives . It isn't clear to me that we're ready to change our opinion on them yet .
We have received the originally executed Termination Agreement dated as of December 1 , 1999 , effective as of December 3 , 1999 terminating certain transactions under the ISDA Master Agreement . Copies will be distributed
Our two Portland traders also want to attend the same seminar as the Houston guys below . Can you confirm that these reservations are OK so our two Portland traders can make plane reservations . Much thanks !
I can't believe you are approving this ! I was just about to give you a call to ask you about the status . What a coincidence !
Attached please find referenced list . No european power approved for U.S . counterparties until further notice .
Just in case you want to join us , Mark , Liz Sager , Shawna and I are going to sign up for the Guadelupe River rafting tour . If that's your cup of tea join us , 'cause it should be fun !
Can you please shut this counterparty down from trading weather . Thanks !
At the request of Sara Shackleton , I am attaching my list of North America "utility" counterparties . My given task when I compiled this list was to identify "utilities" and determine if there was a reason we should not approve online trading for the counterparty . We originally denied approval for all utilities unless we had a Master Agreement in place or an overriding commercial reason to transact . We are now taking the position that investor owned utilities ( IOUs ) and related corporate entities should be approved for trading . However , we will not approve online trading for governmentals or cooperatives when we do not have a master in place , so those counterparties identified as such do not need to be included in your review . Obviously , if you are aware of a municipal or cooperative I failed to detect , please let us know . In addition , your review does not need to extend to the Canadian counterparties . We will run those by Canadian counsel . Please review the list to help us identify the IOUs . You may ignore the "Approved for Trading" column . For your information , the list was compiled from information provided from our Credit Department , from the Company's financial statements which I obtained from EDGAR , from the Company's web site , from www.utilityconnection.com , or from web searches of the Company when I could not locate information from any of the other sources . Please give us a call tomorrow to discuss briefly .
We received a Notice from the NYMEX today that they have set March 2 as the date for power to go ex-pit . I will send each of you a copy of the memo . Copies are also being immediately hand delivered to Jim Fallon and Tim
Attached please find referenced list , Again , no physical power approved for U.S . counterparties until further notice .
Why won't they let you go to the Corp . conference ? It's too bad , this new resort across the was from the Hyatt Hill Country where we stayed that last time it supposed to be even nicer . Bummer ! It appears the ECT one is probably always going to be at the Woodlands Resort , which is real boring.. .
FYI
Can whoever is working on the revised confirms for the referenced counterparty let Doug know the status ? Thanks !
When you have a minute , I've been inputting data all week and have fixes/upgrades we need to the database . In particular , the EOL people are about to introduce a new product any time time now , and I need that sort the shows "Approved , approved with limits , not approved" to work so I won't have to look at each of 1500 entries to determine what limits are in place . When you arrive Monday can you let me know how long it will take you to have that sort working . Then , maybe we can get together and discuss other changes we need to make . Much thanks !
Attached please find referenced list . No european power products approved until further notice .
Below are the people I would like to have access to this database: Me Mark Taylor Leslie Hansen Elizabeth Sager Alan Aronowitz Harry Collins Stacy Dickson Jeff Hodge David Portz Molly Harris Tom Moran Edmund Cooper in London Justin Boyd in London Thanks !
Why did you send this credit worksheet to me for a physical deal ?
Attached please find the referenced list . Of course , no European power approved for U.S . counterparties until further notice .
Am I supposed to do anything with this new counterparty , or wait until you add it to tomorrow's list ?
San Diego has applied for a Password Application and wants to trade financial . Per them , they have already been trading financial off-line with us , and I check with the Confirm Desk and that statement is true , Craig Breslau has done financial trades with them ( I thought they weren't allowed to trade financial?!) . Anyway , can we now open them up to trade financial ?
Do any of the other trading groups have any masters in place with Transammonia , Inc . or any of its divisions , such as Trammochem , Trammo Gas or TrammoGas & Petrochemicals ? Can you let me know ASAP . Thanks !
I am meeting with the exterminator tomorrow a.m . He said he would arrive between 8-9 am , if he shows up more toward 9 I might not be back yet , if he shows up more towards 8 , 10:00 will probably be fine .
Attached is the list for 1/24/00 . For the list dated 1/25/00 which only had one amended counterparty , First Energy Corp. , I have a change in my earlier approval , from the Power Group . I don't have a code for this , so I'll just tell you , for this Counterparty Enron call SELL power only to them pursuant to an on-line GTC . This Counterparty cannot sell to us via EOL .
Attached is the referenced list . Again , no european power products for US counterparties until further notice . Also , Renaissance is an Amended approval , so I just wrote in the corner-amended-no change , since I have no change in the earlier approvals I told you .
Don't feel left out , but you're the only person I haven't heard from.. .
I said that Contract Administration couldn't determine by looking at the database whether there was one and you said you would look at the database , that you might be able to tell .
We have received the executed Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement between ENA and the referenced Counterparty dated January 13 , 2000 . This Amendment amends the Threshold levels in the Credit Support Annex . Copies will be distributed .
We have no record of such an ISDA Master or any other financial master being in place with this counterparty . Could it be drugs?! !
I hope you know I was joking with you...I was a little hesitant about sending that message.. .
I'm glad to hear from you ! I guess I'm a little confused . I thought you were going to send me your form . I would be happy to send ours . I can draft one up in a jiffy . Just let me know what you prefer . P.S . Isn't email wonderful !
The Lower Colorado River Authority has called and is ready to do financial business with us and wants to get a revised draft of the ISDA . The credit on the draft I sent them before is quite old , so I need someone to get me new credit or tell me if the old credit is still ok . Respectfully ,
We are going to open San Diego Gas & Electric to transact the following financial products , but are going to limit the length of the trades to 3 months or less . The approved products per the Master Agreement are any "swap , cap , floor , collar or option...based on the prices of crude oil , petroleum products , natural gas , or electric power..." . I have previously not distributed the executed Master Agreement because of unresolved issues with the counterparty , but will send copies today to the usual distribution . We have an executed Master Energy Price Swap Agreement in place between ECT and the counterparty dated as of February 25 , 1997 . All financial trades for this counterparty should go under the master .
FINANCIAL: We have an ISDA Master in place , originally through Transammonia , Inc. , acting through its division Trammochem . That master has since been expanded to allow trading through additional divisions , Trammo Gas Division and Trammo Gas & Petrochemicals Division . All trades and confirms can be done as follows: Transammonia , Inc . Transammonia , Inc . acting though its division Trammochem Transammonia Inc . acting through its Trammo Gas Division Transammonia Inc. , acting through its Trammo Gas & Petrochemicals Division Obviously , Transammonia , Inc. , the body corporate , needs to always be on the confirm . PHYSICAL: My reports from the other Legal trading groups are that they have no contracts in place , although it is somewhat unclear on the physical gas side as to whether Global Contracts as to whether we have any physical gas master in place .
Mark just had to run down quick to a meeting . When he gets out we'll give you a call & go over this stuff . We really appreciate your help !
If you are in Houston on Feb 10 and HAVE NOT PLANNED ON HAVING DINNER WITH ME , then just don't plan on coming . I mean , after your last lame excuse about that hotel by the airport , I'm gonna take it real personal if the only hotel room you can get this time is in Pearland . Ya know what I mean.. . Anyway , I have been thinking about you and wondering what you're up to . For the Enron Corp . Legal Conference , real cool people ( like me ) are signing up for the raft trip , so as long as the weather's nice we're going to be floating down the Guadalupe drinking some brews . So if you were cool you'd be hanging out with the cool group ( like me)...what are your plans?! !
Attached please find referenced list . Again , no European power for US counterparties until further notice .
Please be advised that the NYMEX ACCESS training session will be held from 10:00 am - 2:00 pm at the DoubleTree Hotel in the Allen Center .
Usually y'all let me know who's working on the Credit and when I can expect some , but since I didn't hear back I thought that y'all just forgot about me since I'm not on the day to day stuff...there is no particular urgency , next week is fine.. .
Per your request , attached is our sample ISDA Schedule for a plain U.S . corporate entity .
I feel better already...sniff...sniff.. .
Attached please find referenced list . As usual , no European power for U.S . counterparties until further notice .
I just got some late changes in from Leslie , so please hold list I JUST send you until she resolves these issues . Thanks !
Here is my revised list incorporating Leslie Hansen's power comments .
Attached please find referenced list . The only amended counterparty with a change was Murphy Exploration which was shut down for power . I wonder , when we are working with amended counterparties , if there is some way that my prior approval could be on the recent spread sheet ? Right now I have to go find the old spread sheet to find out what I approved it for last time to see if I have any problem with the change . So usually , unless I have - change next to amended , it means I had no change to what I said before . Does that make sens ?
I am actually working on the pieces of the project , but the overall "system" still needs to be designed . I've been working with our computer people to upgrade our master swap agreement database . We will be capturing some additional information that we hope will somehow later on feed into the autoconfirm process . Then , once we work out confidentiality issues relating to our comments section and different companies , we will be opening the database to all interested ENA employees . I've developed two new databases , we're currently working the kinks out of . First is our" jurisdictional database" , which will summarize the swap laws as they relate to each country . Our international business is growing and its becoming imperative that we get this up and going . I've actually got the database designed , we're working some kinks out and I hope lawyers can start briefing the country information soon . Of course , the compelling project for us over the last 6-9 months has been online trading . I was made the primary legal contact to deal with all the business units for online trading counterparty approvals and contract information . With thousands of counterparties being approved initially and on a ongoing basis we needed a database to keep track of which counterparties we have approved or disapproved , and tie each product to a contract . We have that system ready now and I am finishing having the data inputted . The other part of the system will be our Library of research memoranda , legal advice , etc . This will be a cross product library ( financial , physical , power , etc) . I think I am going to dupe a database the European office has in place to create ours . The major complaint I have heard from some of them is that the index is not user friendly and they cannot find things when they want them . So I've got to create a lawyer user friendly index . Among other documents , this is I think where our forms might reside , in addition , all the research and advice on various legal issues we've received from outside counsel , as well as ISDA Netting Opinions and the like . I think this Library will be maintained on the same worldwide web our contracts are being scanned into and kept . I think we can buy a scanner that will scan the documents in , then the web is already set up so we can have our documents available around the world . So the setup for this might go quickly , although compiling all of our legal advice from the various offices and lawyers might be more of a problem . The last part we've got to develop is the then overall place or site for all these various databases . So I think necessity has made me develop the pieces before the overall system . Maybe when you have time we can have a chat about all this .
It's a date ! Would you like me to make reservations at someplace nice , or just go casual ?
FYI , Today is the date for renewal of the Consent of Service of Process in connection with the ISDA Master Agreement in place with the referenced counterparty . I have faxed Mr . Blaquier a request to provide me with evidence of such renewal . I will keep you apprised .
My fax won't go through , I appear to have a bad number . Can one of you provide me with a new fax & phone numbe ror contact Mr . Blaquier . Thanks !
Debra is the paralegal for the physical gas trading group .
The fax still can't seem to go through . Do I have too mane 2's in the fax # ? Do I need to add a 1 to dial out of the U.S. ?
This came up at our Group meeting today , did you ever sign that Master Netting Agreement for Petro-Canada at year end ?
new person taking over for Bob Shults
Attached please find referenced lists . Again , now European power for U.S . counterparties until further notice .
Bob Klein from Salomon Smith Barney would like to arrange a conf . call tomorrow at 11:00 am . I checked your calendar and you look clear so I told him that was OK and that we would call him .
I have been faxed a proposed form of assignment from El Paso with respect to certain trades transacted between 1/14 and 1/25 which they would like assigned to their affiliate , El Paso Energy Marketing Canada Inc . I am having a messenger walk a copy down to each of you and need your direction as to whether we should consent to this assignment .
I have had to revise the list I provided to you earlier . The change was shutting Kimball down for financial as well .
Shari , how do you want to handle this ?
I spoke to Howard Volz at CT Corporation today , and he said he sent the renewal to DAPSA in November ( their renewal date is Feb . 1 of each year ) and hasn't heard from them . I asked him to refax the renewal notice to them . He said CT will not revoke the consent for about 5-6 more weeks , so we've got some time to resolve this . I'll keep you posted .
I do not appear to be having a winning record for getting my approval list right the first time today . Attached is also a revised list for 01/31/00 . Mea culpa , mea culpa , mea maxima culpa.. .
Can you make a note in Lotus Notes reflecting your conversation . Thanks !
FYI , about the Canadian master netting agreements .
Attached please find referenced list . Again , no European power for U.S . counterparties until further notice . On Sithe Power where we only changed the counterparty id # , there is no change from my previous approval .
I understand there is a little confusion regarding what products we can trade under the "Master Master" for the referenced Counterparty . It's not surprising , it's a confusing master ! This is currently the only agreement we have in place that contains terms for trading both physical and financial transactions in one agreement . There is a Master Trading Agreement dated February 22 , 1996 in place between ECT and AIG Trading Corporation , now known as Sempra Energy Trading Corp . ( Global Contract Reference No . 96000160) . This agreement provides for financial Swap , Option and Swaption transactions ( excluding weather) , and further provides for physical natural gas transactions only . It does not provide for any other physical products . Call me if you have any questions.. .
Just a reminder to talk to me Monday about the utilities . I was not aware we were not currently trading financial power , which they are getting ready to open up . I figure the utilities will start squealing loudly when they cannot trade . So , I've go to start opening up my utilities.. .
Marie was just telling me about your rough tour of duty in the French Alps next week . I speak a little high school French...perhaps you might need some assistance while you are there...? !
How do they override letters go out ? Do you tell someone , do I need to ?
Can you please shut this counterparty down for weather . Thanks !
Attached please find the referenced list . On the amended counterparties , Southwestern Public Service Company is the only one with a change , with Enron sells power only , and on the only new counterparty , Minnesota Power , we've got Enron selling power only also . Again , no European power for U.S . counterparties until further notice .
I thought Bob's email was cute . I asked him to get me our deals numbers for the El Paso assignment , and he sent me the following.. . Marie and I had a giggle over your email !
Who's Dana ?
Mark and I were discussing my potential purchase of a car , and were looking at some web sites , and thought we would pass on the following car buying web sites: www.edmunds.com ( tells you what prices to pay for cars , safety records ) www.consumer.org ( Consumer Reports Magazine Web Site , more to car safety , repair records ) www.carclub.com ( if you go to "research advice" , then click on "crash test results" they have some info on SUV crash tests . Since y'all don't have as many SUV's on the road in England you may not know that some of them have failed the crash tests big time , and that also because their point of gravity is up higher they tend to rollover ( or "tump" as we say here in Texas ) when you make a sharp turn ( like to avoid an accident) . Anyway , we were a little concerned about your safety.. .
You narratives aren't too long , I'm just giving you some grief !
I have created a database for the Legal Dept. , somewhat similar to how the master swap agreement database works , for us to keep track of our approvals for EOL trading , as well as any executed amendments to the EOL Password Application , ETA , GTC , or any other EOL documents . I have been inputting the data for the Houston based Credit counterparties , and was wondering whether you want me to input the London based Credit counterparties or not . I have no idea whether you've approved them or not , you'll have to input that data , or you could send it to me and I can input it for you . Also , I don't know what counterparties you've had since the initial three big counterparty lists...But I know you are busy and it might be hard for you to find the time to input the initial counterparty data , unless you have an assistant do that . Anyway , we ( me , since I'm the one approving all new counterparties for every Legal Group in Houston! ) have been using it and are finding it very helpful) . It is also helpful for when I'm out so Mark Taylor can look to see whether I've approved a counterparty or not and what rationale I had for the approval ( usually I only put in info when I don't approve a counterparty) . Anyway , the link to the database is attached , so why don't you take a look at it just to see what I'm doing . We're still working on some of the sorts and inputting the data , so it's not fully operational yet . Anyway , give me your thoughts...Don't make any changes , it'll screw things up.. .
Attached please find the referenced list . As usual , no European power for U.S . counterparties until further ntocie .
Your prompt attention to this matter is greatly appreciated.... !
Would you like to set up a time to chat ? My calendar is pretty clear this week , except for tomorrow at 2:00 pm .
We wish you the best for your vacation ! I hope the rest of the Credit Group maintains the high standard of diligence and promptness that you have established .
I haven't heard back from you about my EOL database . I will hope that your lack of response means that you are busy , not in disapproval of my lovely database.. .
Attached please find the referenced lists . We have no changes to the amended counterparties , so the only counterparty really with a comment is Westcoast Energy , which we have not approved for power . Of course , no European power for US entities until further notice .
My Apartment: 1 . Fix leg on sunroom denim couch 2 . Fix front of dresser drawer in back bedroom that is falling off 3 . Front door - handle is loose 4 . The window in the back bedroom behind the bed is missing trim . I think the trim is in the closet in the living room . The blinds won't be right if we don't get that trim in . Downstairs Apartment: 1 . Fix broken window in front bedroom 2 . In bathroom , piece of wood has fallen off cabinet 3 . In bathroom , towel rack is broken . Can you replace ? 4 . Peter says ice cube maker won't shut water off when is on , so he just had it off 5 . Nancy said front door handle is loose 6 . Do we have any drips in sinks ? The floor refinishers will show up Monday morning . They are going to refinish downstairs floors and my back stairwell . I would like to recarpet upstairs . Where do you suggest I go to get new carpeting ?
Two emails and still no response...was it something I said? !
Can you change it on my calendar . Thanks !
Attached please find the referenced list . Since all the counterparties are amended counterparties , my changes are as follows: 1 . Statoil - no change in earlier approvals 2 . Texla - I don't think it's a change , but they cannot trade US power , also there is no change for financial , I previously said and we continue not to trade financial . 3 . Avista Corporation- Washington Water Power Division . For financial trading for Avista Corporation I previously said no financial trading . I am going to open them up for all financial trading . They can trade under the Avista Corporation name , or they can trade as Avista Corporation , acting through its Washington Water Power Division . For power trading , they can trade all US West power products , but can Enron can only sell to Avista for US East power products . Again , no European power for US counterparties until further notice .
Just a reminder to talk to Tim Belden.. .
I have not heard back from DAPSA with respect to the Consent to Service of Process . Can your business contact there give them a call ? Thanks .
Per my conversations with John Suttle in Credit , I am opening up the referenced counterparty to trade all financial products .
Just a reminder...to talk to Tim Belden... .
Why do we have two active masters? ! Because it appears that Synder/Santa Fe merged and Susan B . did not handle to multiple master issue !
In looking through Lotus Notes for EOL , it appears we have two active masters for Santa Fe Snyder Corporation . Does anyone know which one is the active master ?
The master agreement for this counterparty appears to not cover the Trade Option Exemption . Are we adding that into confirms ?
When would you like to discuss utilities... ?
I went through our Lotus Notes Master Swap Agreement Database and determined that the following masters do not permit power: The Bakersfield Californian newprint only CGAS , Inc . natural gas only ( are currently shut down for trading because authority certificate only covered one trade ) Coastal Gas Marketing Company natural gas transactions only Credit Lyonnais New York Branch ( AAA Program ) no commodity transactions E.W . Scripps Company ( The ) 48.8 gram newsprint swaps only Lehman Brothers Special Financing , Inc . no commodity transactions . Weather is ok Mellon Bank NA FX and currency option transactions only Midland Bank plc FX and currency option transactions only National Westminster Bank FX and currency option transactions only Palladium Insurance Limited weather only Phibro , Inc . energy price swaps based on fixed and floating prices of natural gas , crude oil or oil products and/or call and put options based on the prices of natural gas , crude oil or oil products Praxair , Inc . natural gas only PXRE Corporation weather only St . Paul Re ( Bermuda ) Ltd . weather only Tempest Reinsurance Company Limited weather only Westdeutsche Landesbank Gironzentrale FX and currency option transactions only
TAKE A VACATION DAY !
Please find attached the referenced list . For Enserco Energy , Inc. , my previous approvals remain the same except for power , which has been shut down for trading ( I can't just copy the last excel spreadsheet since the columns are not in the same order anymore) . Then , the only other new counterparty is also shut down for power but open for everything else .
We need to amend the master on Williams , and Mark asked me to see you about it because this type of amendment might have to be made to a number of counterparty masters . When you have some time , can I come around...Thanks.. .
I will attend .
I have received executed copies of the following assignments of certain EOL trades ( physical and financial): 1 . Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated as of December 29 , 1999 by and among Aquila Risk Management Corporation ( "Assignor" ) and Aquila Energy Marketing Corporation ( "Assignee" ) and Houston Pipe Line Company 2 . Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated as of December 29 , 1999 by and among Aquila Energy Marketing Corporation ( "Assignor" ) and Aquila Risk Management Corporation ( "Assignee" ) and Enron North America Corp . 3 . Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated as of December 29 , 1999 by and among Aquila Canada Corporation ( "Assignor" ) and Aquila Energy Marketing Corporation ( "Assignee" ) and Enron North America Corp . Copies of these assignments will be sent to the usual distribution group .
The EOL trade assignment letters are prepared off the same form we do our regular assignments . There is no special language in the assignment form about online issues .
Attached are the Swap Group's form of Enron Corp . and Counterparty guarantees . Erica , these forms are located at atty.fms/swaps/current
I'm ready for a real challenge... ! It is always my pleasure to help you and Babs !
What the latest with Force ? Should we proceed with this amendment.. .
With this attitude , you are sure to work up in the standings of being our favorite Credit person.. .
The referenced counterparty is approved to trade all products except power .
I do believe you can look up who is working on this master in Lotus Notes.. .
Greg , check with Nella or Peter . The ISDA 1994 Credit Support Annex should be contained in the binder I gave Peter during his secondment here in Houston .
We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated February 15 , 2000 amending the EnronOnline Electronic Trading Agreement . Copies will be distributed in the usual manner .
And you just know I just hate to be right... !
Attached please find the referenced lists . Please note the following: 1 . For Puget Sound , no change in our earlier approvals except for power . For power , open for West products , but ENRON SALES only for East products . 2 . For Ferrell International Limited , Credit shows them as an amended CP , but I have no record of seeing them before , so I treated them as a new CP . Again , no European power for U.S . counterparties .
We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated February 8 , 2000 amending the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty . Copies will be distributed in the usual manner
We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated January 25 , 2000 amending the Electronic Trading Agreement with respect to the referenced Counterparty . Copies will be distributed in the usual manner .
Thanks for following up with this ! It is critical we have accurate information on our positions . Continually busting our limits could subject the company to potentially substantial fines from the NYMEX . Please let me know what Mike's thoughts are.. .
Oh , you little sweet talker... !
No , I didn't get it . Just reply back to this email & reattach it .
Can we do a "See" dropdown like the Master Swap Agreement Database , so we can track name changes ? Thanks !
As a follow-up to our conversation , the referenced counterparty is not an eligible swap participant , therefore we need to shut them down for all financial .
What do you think about the situation below ?
Attached is the referenced counterparty approval list . On Encal , the only amended counterparty , I don't know if this is a change or not from the prior approval , but Leslie shut them down for power . All other prior approvals for that counterparty should remain the same .
Let me know what you think...I may go do my "long" run on Sunday , if you're doing one too , maybe we can meet for breakfast.. .
What are your thoughts on this.. .
Is this trade something you know something about ?
I spoke to Mike Mulligan at Paribas and he said he had discussed this trade with Lee . I don't know if you need any help from me expediting this amendment to the guaranty , let me know if you do . Mike's number is in our Master Swap Agreement database .
Attached is the referenced list , with the following comments: 1 . BC Gas Utility Ltd . was added as an amended counterparty by me . We got the financial master in place with them so we are opening them up for all financial . 2 . Ferrell North America - we have a financial master in place with Ferrellgas , L.P. , d/b/a Ferrell North America . That should be the name that goes out on the confirm . All the counterparties on today's list are shut down for power .
Attached is the Enron Employee Referral Form and resume of my friend Patty Young , which I will be submitting to two groups for consideration . Please let me know if anything else is needed .
I don't understand what it is I haven't completed . Can you let me know so I can complete the form . Thanks !
What if there is no specific job . I spoke to Mary Solmonson in Global Contracts and she said they had several job offerings and to send the resume to her and she would take a look at it and forward it to the relevant groups ?
EOL needs to hear ASAP whether Nicor Gas Company is approved to trade online...can you let me know...thanks !
Attached is the referenced approval list .
Attached is the revised Referral Form and Resume for Patty Young . I hope this does it !
Tonight I'm going to see a house after work today and then I have a late Sergei workout . But keep me in mind in the future.. . I finally got your application accepted by our personnel group , so now I can forward it to the respective groups for review . One of the bad things about big corporations are the forms you have to fill out to do anything.. .
That was funny !
We have received the following executed ISDA Master Agreement ( which supersedes and replaces the Master Agreement [ECT] executed 1/30/97 , dated as of 10/19/95): Type of Contract: ISDA Master Agreement ( Multicurrency-Cross Border ) Effective Date: 10/19/95 Executed Date: 02/09/00 Enron Entity: Enron North America Corp . Counterparty: TXU Energy Trading Company Transactions Covered: All products covered except pulp & paper and FX Confirm Desk: As previously noted , we have agreed to a special form of confirmation acceptance letter
FYI , attached is the Confirm Desk's latest list of confirms requiring special provisions .
At our Group meeting this past week we discussed paying the consent to service of process ourselves , just so we can make sure it stays in place , since it's not such a large amount of money . Sara Shackleton is heading down there next week and was going to discuss this with you...we just wanted to give you a head's up about our thinking on this .
Dear Mr . Zunic , Pursuant to the request of Fred Lagrasta , I am attaching a sample form of our Master Agreement . Please call me at ( 713 ) 853-3399 or Fred at ( 713 ) 853-6529 if you have any comments or questions .
With respect to the referenced lists , all the counterparties on these lists are amended counterparties and there are no changes to our earlier approvals . FYI , Credit did not have Ionic Energy down as an amended counterparty , but per my conversation with Tom Moran , it was on the initial second list , and should be treated as an amended counterparty .
Below is the new drop down I need added: Trade Option Representation ( choose one only): standard weather included enron must be offeree none other Mike , the above should have a box to check , and the box should always check "standard" unless someone goes in and effectively changes it . Then add the following: Other trading provisions pulp & paper Switching databases to the EnronOnline database: We need to add a category for a new product , Credit Derivatives , have a comment box just like financial or power , have it follow after power .
Attached please find the referenced list . I haven't said it for a few lists , but remember , no European power for US counterparties until further notice.. .
Greg , It appears we send Dynegy Canada a draft ISDA in July of 1999 , and got no response from them . We will need to update the ISDA we sent them in July since our form has changed since then . Once we get the go ahead from John Suttle in Credit as to whether we need to update the credit , we will prepare the ISDA Master Agreement you have requested .
My pleasure... !
There are no changes from my previous approvals for the two counterparties on this list .
No , they never gave me an updated copy .
Per my conversation with Credit , it appears there are two Northern States Power Companies . We have already reviewed Northern States Power Company , a Minnesota corporation ( cpy ID #265) . The counterparty that showed up on yesterday's list is Northern States Power Company , a Wisconsin corporation ( cpy ID #161) . The Wisconsin corporation is a sub of the Minnesota corporation . I don't know if this makes any difference in your approvals.. .
Robin Newman Matthew Bender & Co .
With the execution of the Wisconsin Gas Company master , this brings the total executed financial masters to 400 . The countdown to 500 executed financial masters is now starting ! Congratulations to the Legal and Credit teams for getting us to this point and for a job well done !
Leslie , Why am I getting this information below ? These counterparties are not on my approval lists for the last few days . Did Frank ask you questions re: the counterparties below , and you just want me to put this info in the EOL Legal Database ?
With regard to our annual review of this list of laws we need to comply with , do we not want to add the Canadian provinces new "eligible swap participant" equivalant rules ?
Rick Tucker at Pan Canadian ( he used to be at PG&E ) called and has been speaking to Willie Harrell on the Confirm Desk , and I believe Willie spoke to Mark about this issue yesterday , but it appears to be unresolved and I think Mark was going to talk to you about it . Pan Canadian is doing EOL trades , and wants to know why he keeps getting the online confirms w/the GTC's attached since the way the system is set up he technically is already agreeing to the GTC's online . He feels he is having to look at a lot of unnecessary paper . Rick will be out of the office Friday and Monday , but was hoping you could give him a call Tuesday to discuss this issue . His phone # is 713/331-5049 . FYI , we do not have a master in place with Pan Canadian Energy Services .
Attached please find the referenced lists . Please note: Tampa Electric Company can do power sells only . Even though Peoples Gas is a division of Tampa Electric , it cannot trade power because its power marketing license was not granted in that name . Further , I earlier shut down Tampa Electric Company for financial trading , and I am now opening them up for financial trading , either as Tampa Electric or Peoples Gas .
I am confirming my conversation with you yesterday and my conversation a minute ago with Lori Volpi at Dynegy Canada . As we discussed , Dynegy Canada is trading with both ECC and ENA , with the bulk of its trading being done with ECC . Instead of getting two ISDA Master Agreements in place , we will enter into an ISDA Master Agreement between ECC and Dynegy Canada , and then just back-to-back any ENA trades down to Houston by virtue of the Services Agreement for Financial Agreements we have in place between ECC and ENA . Per my conversation with Lori , this will also work with the EOL trades since the Electronic Trading Agreement provides that any financial trades done for either ECC or ENA will be transacted under the respective master agreement in place with either ECC or ENA . Works for me... !
I would be more than happy to update the database with any comments you may want me to add , don't ever feel bad , when I don't expect something I just need to know what it's about . I hope we can open the EOL Legal Database soon so you can update any comments or notes directly into it .
In response to your email: 1 . The NYMEX did not have Dana Davis down as a user because he just completed and signed his application Wednesday evening and the NYMEX received the application by Fedex Thursday . It will take several days for them to process his application . Further , he still needs to attend their training session in NY ( I hope this coming Wednesday ) before he will be able to trade online . 2 . As far as the problem with only one user being able to get in NYMEX ACCESS at a time . I have a call into the NYMEX about this . We get a terminal per seat , so since we have two seats , we get two terminals at no cost . The 3 additional terminals have to be leased from other NYMEX members and the NYMEX is arranging the initial lease for us and will pay the lease , cost free for the first 6 months . After 6 months any cost associated with the 3 additonal terminals will have to be borne by ENA . I have a call into the NYMEX to find out what the status of our 3 leases is . 3 . Bruce , per your voicemail about you or a member of your group having the ability to change operator access to these terminals , changes in the terminal operator approvals can only be done by the two seatholders , who are currently Mark Haedicke and Kevin Hannon . Any changes with respect to operators will have to be done by full application to the NYMEX , therefore , such process should continue to be done through the Legal Department .
Below are the account numbers at Salomon Smith Barney that you will need to trade NYMEX ACCESS power: For those of you who haven't done business with Salomon Smith Barney before , our trader contact there is John Galperin at ( 212 ) 723-7284 .
Per the request of Mark Taylor , I am forwarding the attached .
Attached is the list of the counterparties that EOL wants to approve for emissions auction trading . Please let me know ASAP if there are any counterparties on this list that should not be allowed to trade emissions auctions .
Per the note below from Brent , I am going to inactivate this master . Also , per his note , it appears you should make a note to review the credit prior to approving any future trades .
I had Calpine Power Services Company shut down for financial , and we got the master in signed , so I am going to open them up . Can you add them to tomorrow's list . Thanks !
I don't know what list you are working from for your approval of credit derivatives , but attached is the list EOL sent me . Many of the counterparties on the list are London based credit counterparties , and I will not be reviewing those , but I thought you might want to take a look at this to see if it's jiving with what you're looking at . When I'm done ( probably some time at end of the day since I just got the list yesterday and it's due today!) , I will be emailing my approvals to Mark Dilworth in London .
Just a reminder to send me a memo asking me to delete Bob Shultz as and EOL signatory and add Sheri Thomas in his place . Much thanks !
To confirm our conversation , can you add "Credit Derivatives" as a new products to my database . We will need the same drop downs as the other produsts ( gas trading , financial trading , etc.) . Thanks !
I am aware that you need a list from me , I am working on it right now . I just got the list from EOL yesterday and I'm reviewing it as fast as I can . My goal is to get it done by the end of my workday , so you should have it when you arrive in the morning .
There should be no question of duplication of ISDA Master Agreement or any other master swap agreements between Houston and London , because Houston's contracting party is usually Enron North America Corp . and London's contracting party is usually Enron Capital & Trade Resources International Corp . We cannot do business under each others' financial master agreements for legal and tax reasons . ENA and Enron Canada Corp . can do business under each other's masters because the tax reasons that used to require us to separate out the business went away . Further , Houston and Canada subsequently entered into a Services Agreement which sets forth the conditions upon which they can act on each other's behalf ( necessary for tax and legal reasons) .
Below is the list of the final work we need you to bid on for the downstairs apartment: 1 . Paint inside of bathroom cabinets 2 . Paint outside and inside of kitchen cabinets 3 . Fix bottom of drawer of kitchen cabinet located right of dishwasher 4 . Replace closet rod in front bedroom to match other closet's rod 5 . Hammer down shelf ends that are loose in closet in back bedroom 6 . Clean ends of door hardware that have drips on them . 7 . Rehang blinds ( we'll have to buy new hardware for existing blinds and then I will have to buy new blinds if any were bent by the kids ) Did I catch everything ?
Mark says I need to talk to you about the Credit Derivatives confirmation process.. .
Please add TXU Energy Trading Company to list . We had an old style "ERMS" master in place , so they weren't allowed to do power , but now we have an ISDA in place ( even tho' Brant Reves threw out the new guaranty , but that is another story!) , so I am going to open them up for weather .
Attached is the referenced list . I am responsible for those counterparties originating from Houston Credit . Edmund Cooper is responsible for the UK Credit based counterparties . I am still resolving issues on about 8-10 counterparties . If something doesn't make sense , let me know .
Can you let me know what the scoop is on those countries and I will update my memo . Thanks !
Per my conversation with Edmund this morning , we are moving the following countries to the non-approved list: Austria , Belgium , Croatia , Czech Republic , Denmark , Poland , Portugal , Romania , Singapore , and Slovenia . Below is the list , now updated to reflect this change . Jurisdictions which are are approved to trade credit derivatives: Finland , Germany , Norway , Sweden , Switzerland , the U.K , and the U.S. . Jurisdictions which are not approved to trade credit derivatives include: Austria , Belgium , Canada , Croatia , Czech Republic , Denmark , France , Gibraltar , Ireland , Italy , Poland , Portugal , Romania , Scotland , Singapore , Slovenia , Spain , and The Netherlands . For banks incorporated in a non-approved jurisdiction , it may be possible for them to trade out of a branch located in an approved jurisdiction ( i.e . U.S . and U.K . branches) . This would have to be determined on a case by case basis . Please let me know if there are any changes to this list .
You are the best !
We've received a personal invitation to a NYMEX Crawfish Boil on April 3 at 5:00 at Garden in the Heights at 3926 Feagan . The cause of this celebration is the 10th anniversary of the Nat Gas futures contract . It would be nice if Shankman and John Arnold could attend . Perhaps you can give them a personal invitation.. .
We have received the amendment to the BC Gas ISDA Master executed by BC Gas , which adds the Canadian Securities Representation , so we don't have to add the rep into every confirm . BC Gas won't sign the confirms with the rep in , and this has caused much difficulties . I am going to count it as signed , since BC Gas has signed , but we still need it to be signed by ECC . Can you get it signed ASAP and back to me . Much thanks .
We have received the executed Amendment to the Subscription Agreement with WeatherTrade , Inc . dated March 2 , 2000 . This Amendment amends the Transaction Fee referenced in subparagraph ( c ) of the Fee Schedule to the Subscription Agreement . Copies will be distributed .
Updating another blue file because Susan B. , this time , has not updated it to reference mergers & name changes !
It appears you missed some cpys on the referenced list because Tom had the freeze panel button on , and you probably didn't see them at first . I didn't either until I clicked on the down button and they popped up . When you have a minute , I'll give me a call and I'll come around and show you how to unfreeze the panel .
I spoke to Edmund to get the scoop on what we are going to be doing on the confirms for Credit Derivatives , and he said that his current understanding is that all of the confirms will be done out of London . I communicated that to Bob Bowen . He also said that London was going to be hiring 120 people to deal with the Credit Derivatives business . Wow !
Carol , will you handle this or Mark ?
We have received the executed First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of December 1 , 1999 . This amendment adds the British Columbia Securities Act representation to the master . Copies will be distributed . Confirmation Desk: you can stop adding the rep to the confirms now .
Here's the list with the missing counterparties .
Probably.. .
I just got a call from Dave and Frank and they tell me I have a whole week this time to approve the whole counterparty list to trade Australian financial power . I'll need to talk to you about his Monday .
Hey guys , take Monday off !
ISDA has published the referenced supplement . Among other changes , the supplement adds hundreds of new gas , liquids and power price sources . Copies will be distributed to you .
Attached is the referenced list . Some comments: We got a master financial agreement in place with Calpine Power Services Company so it has been opened up to trade all financial . Also , we replaced the old style "ERMS Master" with an ISDA , so I am opening TXU Energy Trading Company for all financial products as well . For Trammo Gas , we got a letter from them a while back , reflecting under what names they can do financial trading under ( I sent you all an email about this about a month to two months ago) . That letter had the counterparty styled "Transammonia , Inc . acting through its Trammo Gas Division" . I believe I already siad they could trade financial under that name . Let's just be consistent about how we deal with these divisions.. .
David , I know we've met before on your visits to Houston , I am a paralegal in the ENA Legal Department , in the Swap Group under Mark Taylor . I am the lead contact in ENA Legal for counterparty approvals and day to day trading issues for EnronOnline . I coordinate responses for the whole Legal Trading Group ( financial , physical , power and emerging markets ) with the EnronOnline and Credit teams . I understand from my EnronOnline team that I am going to need to approve financial trading for all my Houston based counterparties a week from Friday . Right now that list stands at about 600 counterparties ( already trading) . I was hoping you could direct me as to what restrictions , if any , we might have for financial trading in Australia . Are there any restricted counterparties , such as governmentals , utilities , banks , dealers , etc. , or any restrictions on the products traded ( initially I know we are only trading financial power , although I'm sure the list will expand over time) . Have your GTC's been drafted with cross-border trading in mind ? Similarly , I assume there will be Australian counterparties signing up to trade , and the commercial team will want them approved to trade the whole range of EnronOnline products . Are there any provisions we must add to the form of North American product GTCs if our counterparties trade a North American product from Australia ? Do we have any tax issues or language we need to cover ? Our standard form of GTC includes New York law and arbitration . Will that be enforceable in Australia ? Are there any issues we need to address if we require collateral ( a guaranty or letter of credit ) with respect to a trade ? Thanks for your help !
I am still the person who does the NYMEX filings . They are due the end of July , so we should probably target them to be done a little earlier , since we always seem to need more time .
Sheri , I need the trade date so I know what to date the termination .
I sent the documents to Paul Davis on March 6 .
Per my conversation a minute ago with the Koch lawyer in Kansas , Tye Darland , "Koch Hydrocarbons , Inc." is a bad name . The correct legal name for this counterparty should be the same as it is set up in our Master Swap Agreement database: "Koch Industries , Inc. , acting through its Koch Hydrocarbon Company Division" . I have called the Koch trader , James "Doug" Peters ( 713/544-5938 , ext . 5602 ) ,  and asked him to resubmit the Password Application with the name corrected . Please show this correction in your records as well .
Please take me off your distribution . I already bought my new car . Thank I understand from Mark that in order to open up the utilities to trade financial , we will need to amend the GTC's to add some additional reps and provisions . Do you have a timetable for when we will be able to do that ?
Did you forget something in your email ?
Several things are not very clear to me and I need to run them by you . 1 . From your email it appears to me that there would be no legal reason prohibiting your Australian based counterparties from trading all of the products we offer , however , except for financial Australian power , the contracting Enron entity will have to be the party referenced on the particular product . It appears that the only product Credit has currently opened the Australian based counterparties to trade anyway is Australian financial power . 2 . Will you be approving the Australian based counterparties for trading ? Dave Forster appears to want me to approve Australian based counterparties too , which doesn't make sense to me and Mark Taylor . What are your thoughts on this ? I guess EnronOnline just does not want a third Legal contract they are going to have to deal with on an ongoing basis . FYI , I currently do not approve the London based counterparties . 3 . The Australian company number . Does that have to go on every confirmation done with an Australian counterparty ? If it does we will need to make sure that it gets put on every confirmation . It is my understanding that the confirmations for online trading will be generated from Houston so we will have to provide every company number to the Houston Confirmation Desk . FYI , tomorrow at the end of the day is my drop dead time to get all the counterparies approved , because the information will have to be loaded in by London when they arrive for work Friday morning .
As you may or may not be aware of , tomorrow is the drop dead date for approval of the referenced new product for our existing approved counterparty list . Thinking through this product today and reading through my various emails from David Minns , I have come to the conclusion that there are no particular issues specifically relating to Australian financial power , and my thinking is to just mirror the approval for some other previously approved financial power product . I can't , obviously , speak for you , but it seems to me that that should work for your counterparty lists too . What do you think ? The list I am working off of is the list generated for Credit Derivative approvals ( which is the most somewhat current list of counterparties who have been issued passwords) .
Mark Taylor , who is in Amsterdam this week , just left me a voicemail reflecting a conversation he just had with Dave Forster , and asked me to relay the following information to you ( don't kill me , I'm just the messenger).. . With respect to your form of online GTC: It need to be revised , per Dave Forster by Monday , to be expanded to include the provisions necessary that will enable a non-Australian based counterparty ( a counterparty could be U.S. , Canadian , European or other country based) , who may or may not have an ISDA Master Agreement in place , and may or may not have credit in place , to do a financial power transaction with Enron Australia . In that regard I am attaching as a template , our form of online "Deemed ISDA" GTC ( for a weather transaction , the only type of financial transaction where we adopt the ISDA documentation instead of using our own form of confirmation) . As you can see when you look at our "Deemed ISDA" form of confirmation , there are a number of provisions that our Deemed ISDA form of confirmation includes , such as authority and tax representations , "arm's length transaction" reps , acting as a principal rep , the deletion of section 2(c)(ii ) of the ISDA Schedule ( netting "in respect of the same transaction") , no language that each party has a copy of the ISDA form and has read it and understands it , your deletion of language re: written confirmations , definition of "Transaction" meaning the GTC+ISDA form+website terms , "Website" ( uppercased ) is a defined term under the Password Application , we usually say "Loss" instead of "Market Quotation" , also , Market Quotation and Second Method will apply for the purposes of Section 6(e) , a question , do we need the word "integrated" with respect to the rerenced that the documents contain a "single agreement" to fall under the U.S . bankruptcy swap protection? , no ducment conflict provisions , missing our "severability" and "setoff" language , no adoption of the 1991 or 1993 Commodity definitions , business day defined as Sydney only , etc . Of course , you do not have these in your form of GTC , because they are or will be covered in your executed ISDA Master Agreement , but it is likely counterparties outside of Australia may not have a master swap agreement in place . I spoke to Steve Douglas in Tax , who is out of town today and was going to talk to Susan Musch about the tax issues and I hope to hear from him tomorrow . After all the above , I just have to say...we really do appreciate your help resolving all these issues.. .
Debbie , Thanks for the heads up on this . I've been trying to get David Minns for several days about various issues . Keep me posted .
Per an earlier conveersation with Dave , ee weren't quite sure if you have seen a listing yet of all of the products we offer online , so I am sending you one of our excel spreadsheets which has at the top of it all of the products we offer , as well as the Enron entity that a counterparty would enter into the trade with .
Attached is the list reflecting the approval of the initial Australian counterparties to trade Australian financial power only . David Minns will have to get back to us about all the other products ! For the current U.S . list of counterparties , just mirror the approvals for "US Power Financial Swaps" . I will review the list Debbie is sending me tomorrow to see if any of her approvals conflicts with my earlier approvals , but I think we should be fine .
Thanks for returning my message . I had an Australian issue come up and anyone who was familiar with Australian law was unreachable and I was in an absolute panic . But as things usually do , this problem worked itself out too ! As usual , I am always humbly in your debt.. .
I have developed a database in which I keep track of the counterparties Legal has approved , any supporting rationale for approval of each counterparty ( I 'm giving away my secret that I just don't approve them on on pure whim! ) and the products such counterparties are approved to trade . Additionally , at the bottom of each entry there is a listing of any amendment to the Password Application , ETA ,  GTC , or any other online documentation . The information for the financial products is pretty accurate ( I may have missed an entry here or there in trying to enter 6 months of memos and excel spreadsheets . If I have missed a counterparty let me know) . The information for Power has been updated only since this database was in production , about 6-7 weeks ago . I am going to have to go back and input the power data from the original approval lists . As for gas trading and emerging products , we have never yet had a counterparty that we have had an issue with , so no information has been entered for those products . You should count them as being approved for everything . Eventually , if we continue not to use those dropdowns , I will delete them . I don't know if you will find this information helpful or not , take a look and I will be glad to hear any input . Obviously , we are all working out the kinks and finding out what is useful and what is not useful as we go along , so this database may evolve over time . The only people who should have change access are the Legal team ( Mike Neves: Mark Taylor , Carol St Clair , Leslie Hansen , Marie Heard and myself) . Let me know if you have change access by mistake . On a closing note , please try to keep the information in the database confidential to the group we have granted view access to . Do not forward this email on to anyone as it will grant access without my approval . Much thanks !
I would like to take responsibility for the technical side of this , but in all honesty I must admit I'm just the idea guy...(I'm know I'm breaking all your illusions about me today , I'll have no more secrets! )
1 . Per my discussion last week with David Minns , I sent him a spreadsheet so he could scroll across the product list and see the full range of products EnronOnline offers so he could determine whether an Australian based counterparty will have any legal problems entering into any of the EnronOnline products . It was my understanding that he had not seen a comprehensive list off all the products we offer . 2 . However , on a going forward basis , David Minns or someone in Legal will need to see the daily spreadsheets reflecting any new Australian based counterparties because every new counterparty requesting a password needs a Credit and a Legal signoff for trading every products we offer , whether physical , financial , power , gas , liquids , weather , p&p , US , European or other country based product , etc. . Houston Legal does it every day for every new Houston Credit based counterparty , London Legal does it every day for every new London Credit based counterparty and Australian Legal will need to do the same . If some other system will be in place in Australia , David Minns will need to discuss that with Mark Taylor and David Forster .
Please find attached referenced lists . It is not clear to me yet how we are going to deal with Australian approvals , so I think at this point you need to look to Australia for approval of their counterparties . Also , there were no counterparties to approve on 3/16/00 so that list is not attached . I haven't said it in a while...but no European power for US counterparties.. .
Mark , I discussed this issue Friday with Paul , however , since it is an issue I am not entirely knowledgeable about , I think Paul should run this by you.. .
Lou , I left Mark Tawney a voicemail to call me re: the ISDA sample form . I'll need to know a little bit more about the company so I send them the right form .
The NYMEX has approved all of your applications and you should all have access to the system and be able to trade ( everyone except Dana Davis , who still needs to complete his training) . Please let me know if you cannot log in . I spoke to the NYMEX a minute ago and there is no reason from their perspective why you should not be able to log in . I have tried to call him directly but he was not available .
Yes , I left him a voicemail telling him I needed to know a little more about the counterparty so I could make sure i send them the right form ( are they US or non-US counterparty , insurance company , energy company , etc) . Also , the name and address of his contact and I will send it directly if he would prefer that .
We have received an executed amendment to Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty dated March 20 , 2000 . Copies will be distributed .
I will be out Friday afternoon and Monday afternoon for my termite and house inspections for my new house .
We discussed your training in our group meeting yesterday , and Mark gave me the go ahead to do a training , preferably a lunch training , sometime in April . If you could get together with the members of our team and send me an email of any items in particular you would like addressed , we will try to address them in our training . Also , if you could get some dates for me we'll check them against our schedule . Would your group organize this lunch or ours ? How many people are we talking about . Only Global Contract or Global Counterparty too ? Let me know the details so we can start planning.. .
Per my discussions with Leslie Hansen and Dave Forster , please restrict Australian based counterparties from trading US physical power on a going forward basis . To the best of our knowledge , no Australian based counterparty has been granted a FERC license to trade physical US power . This situation , of course , can change if a counterparty were to provide us evidence of their FERC licensing .
On the list for 3/20/00 , the only counterparty I am responding for is Carthage Energy . Eventually I will be making the Australian responses , but we are not there yet . On the 3/21/00 list , National Energy was amended , and I had no changes to my previous approvals . Western Resources is an amended counterparty and I am opening them up for all financial and power .
I spoke to Harry Collins , one of our emissions lawyers , and he said there should be no problem trading emissions with a governmental entity on the emissions auction website , as long as they can trade emissions generally . If you have any specific questions , call Harry Collins at x39692 .
We have received the following executed Master Agreement: NOTE: This master appears to have been signed in 1996 and didn't make its way down to Houston until now . Type of Contract: Master Agreement ( ECT Canada Form ) Effective Date: 06/16/95 Executed Date: 06/24/96 Enron Entity: Enron Capital and Trade Resources Canada Corp. , now known as Enron Canada Corp . Counterparty: Originally , NOVAGAS CLEARINGHOUSE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP , now through name changes and merger , DYNEGY CANADA INC . Transactions Covered: Energy price swaps or option transactions only ( no pulp & paper , weather , interest rate & currency or FX ) GLOBAL CONTRACTS: We need to get this master inputted immediately into the EnronOnline System so all of the confirmations for ENA and ECC will immediately roll up under this master . CONFIRM DESK: Please immediately start rolling up all the ENA and ECC trades under this master , whether online , offline , or brokered trades .
Novagas has a long and tortured history...when you've got a few hours and want to be incredibly bored I'll share it with you . Let's just say that Canada has been the only one aware of this signed master . You can quote my somewhat eloquent words "if it ain't in Legal it ain't!"
You have been getting the excel spreadsheets on new counterparties now for several days , and at an agreed time I would like to include your approvals in with the rest of Legal's . Right now I am still telling the EnronOnline people that they have to look to Australia for approvals . Once we are in agreement about the parameters of my responses , and who your backup is , we can agree on a date when I will start responding for Australia too . The theory will be that once I send you the email you will have 24 hours to respond or I will consider all the online products approved for Ausralian counterparties . Because of the time change issue , I think we need to make the time my approval will go out 4:00 p.m . the next day ( which will be your morning ) from the transmittal of the list .
In connection with an internal audit regarding the safekeeping of margin funds and securities , Enron Corp . has asked us to provide them with a list of all the exchanges we trade on , what rules govern those exchanges and the products we trade on them ( in particular the clearing arrangements) , and any rules that govern brokers we may maintain funds or cash with . This should include all the products we may trade/hedge over an exchange including energy commodities , interest rates , currencies , equities , etc . Can you please provide this information no later than Friday of next week . Much thanks !
Per my conversation with Kathy Bolan at PG&E Energy Trading , Canada Corporation ( and my confirmation thereof with Messrs . Suttle and Bowen) , all cross-border trades between PG&E Canada and ENA should go under the master between PG&E Canada and ECC .
We have received the fully executed First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of December 1 , 1999 between ECC and the referenced counterparty . This First Amendment adds the British Columbia Securities representation to the ISDA Master Agreement . Confirm Desk: You no longer have to add this representation to every confirmation .
I have not started responding for Australia yet .
Can you add Paul Radous in Credit with full edit capability to this database . Much thanks !
Entergy Power Marketing Corp . has applied for a Password and has asked us to give them a "comfort letter" stating that the current trading with them will go under the respective master for the product and not the online GTC . I have spoken to Credit and we are trading financial gas , physical gas , and physical power ( through EPMI) . Can you please let me know first , if you have a master agreement agreement in place with this counterparty would it govern the product or would we need to use an override letter and if the master agreement will govern the trades , please provide me the exact name , parties and date of the contract . Obviously , as usual with online matters , this is a RUSH .
As usual , you are the best !
Can you add the referenced counterparty to the next list . We just got a master in signed with them and they cannot trade weather , pulp & paper & fx . Much thanks !
Per my conversation with Kathy Moore this morning , please open the referenced counterparty to trade all financial products .
Thanks for your help in getting this done . You're a star !
Can you add the referenced counterparty to the next list . We got a signed master agreement in place with them and I need to change the approvals . Thanks .
Can you please add the new credit person below for full edit priviliges to the Financial Trading Agreement database . Much thanks !
Did you notice on the spreadsheet for 3/27 they opened a new power product , US East Power Phys Firm ICAP ?
Do you have any idea what David is trying to get at !
I am flying , are you ? If you are on my flight I would be happy to have you drive to the airport with me . If you need to know my reservations , I can email them to you .
Is everything OK ?
I'm glad to hear that everything is good . I'm so excited for you , you'll be a wonderful mother !
Attached is the proposed form of Confidentiality Agreement with Platt's .
Some notes on the attached lists: 3/24/00 List - the first two counterparties have no Legal changes per my earlier approvals . 3/27/00 List-we just got the financial master in signed and they cannot do pulp & paper and weather under it . Ambac Assurance Corp . and Salomon Smith Barney AAA Energy Fund - I have a temporary "no" for them for financial products until I get more information on them to determine what they are and what they can do . Per Credit , AMBAC only wants to trade credit derivatives , and Salomon Smith Barney is currently not an eligible swap participant and cannot trade any financial . If we get a parent guaranty in that can change their eligible swap participant status . In the meantime I am trying to get more information on the fund to determine what if anything they can do . 3/28/00 List-I previously had them shut down for all financial but am opening them up . I sent an email about that earlier this week .
On this Statoil Trade , I guess this is a physical trade done with ENA . Can you do one of those handy dandy little sheets you do for me so I can attach them to my assignment . I am forever in your debt.. .
Marie and I were just looking at the activities list for the Legal Conference and noticed you were signed up to "relax at the resort" . Not to get you worked up or anything , but there is a huge outlet mall just outside San Antonio , and there would be no shortage of cheap britches to be found ! After all , it has been a few years since you cornered the market when you were here , and you probably need to keep up with the latest fashions . ( Not to belabor a dead horse , but again style watchers are telling us that the fashion for Spring and Summer for men will be knee length "pedal pushers". ) We look forward to seeing our favorite Englishman ( delete this message after viewing , we don't want the other lads to get jealous! )
Attached is a proposed form of Confidentiality Agreement for the referenced party .
Obviously Frank , you are trying to kill me... !
David has sent us a memo re: Procedures for Approval to trade in Australia that I think you will find helpful .
I continue to say "no" for financial because they are not an eligible swap participant . For a counterparty to become an eligible swap participant if they are not one in their own right , they would have to post an up front letter of credit fully covering their trading PRIOR to doing any trades . So this ball is in Credit's court .
Per your request.. .
Sounds good to me ! Saturday , 8:00 am at Buffalo Grille it is !
Attached is the referenced Confidentiality Agreement . I hope to have the Fieldston one to you shortly .
Attached please find the referenced agreement .
Per the request of Sara , attached is the form of US online GTC ( w/collateral) .
We have received notice that the referenced counterparty is updating its phone system and is changing all of its phone numbers . I am sending a copy of the notice to the usual distribution .
The list of new phone numbers will be sent to my usual distribution for documentation , which includes Connie Sutton from Global Contracts . As to what numbers they are replacing , they are replacing all the phone numbers we might have had across the board with this counterparty . If you would like to see the numbers , obtain a copy of the notice from Connie Sutton . As I just mailed it , it should get there in a few days .
Per my voicemail , attached is my list of agreements .
Per my conversations with Tom and Frank , unless Credit specifically tells us that a counterparty is a credit derivatives counterparty , the online team should consider that all U.S . based counterparties are not approved to trade credit derivatives . Credit will , in the same box where they put "declined" ,  "amended" or "division" , put a note that says "credit derivatives" and in those circumstances only you should consider that I will be indicating whether or not the counterparty is approved to trade credit derivatives . Otherwise , I will not be putting an "X" in the box for each and every counterparty to say they can't trade credit derivatives . I hope this makes sense to you , call me if it doesn't .
There is no change from my previous approvals for the only counterparty on the 3/30/00 list , so I am not sending that list . On the list for 3/31/00 , first , David Minns is in the Houston office today , so I gave the response today for the one Australian counterparty on this list . We are meeting with Mark on Wednesday to try and figure out the approval process for Australia , so maybe after Wednesday I'll start responding for them . Second , on this list please note that there are no counterparties that have been indicated as credit derivative counterparties , so none of the counterparties on this list should be approved to trade credit derivatives ( even though I haven't "X'ed" them out) .
We have received the executed Letter Agreement with the referenced counterparty dated April 3 , 2000 amending the EnronOnline Electronic Trading Agreement . Copies will be distributed .
Attached are the Confidentiality Agreements for the referenced counterparties .
Attached please find the referenced list . Remember , no credit derivatives are approved for any counterparites unless Credit has indicated they are a credit derivative counterparty on the list .
We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated April 4 , 2000 with the referenced counterparty amending the Electronic Trading Agreement .  Copies will be distributed .
We have received the executed copy of the amendment dated April 5 , 2000 to the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty . Copies will be distributed .
We have received fully executed copies of the following Confidentiality Agreements: Energy Argus , Inc . dated April 5 , 2000 AccuWeather , Inc . dated April 4 , 2000 Copies have been faxed to the counterparties . I will also send copies to Dave Samuels for your files .
Attached is the referenced list . Again , my note about credit derivatives not being marked , and also , I am still not responding for Australia yet on a going forward basis .
Russell , In the future please put me on all notices about counterparty trading . I am responsible for the Legal Department's approval of online counterparties across all product areas and need to know any limitations that might affect a counterparties' ability to trade . Thanks !
Troy Black called me about that C.A . I passed on to you . He said he needed it to go out today and also passed on words from the counterparty to the effect that the C.A . was "non-negotiable and that if we had any comments they need to be minor , or forget about it..." There you have it !
We have executed a Letter Agreement dated April 10 , 2000 amending the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty . Copies will be distributed .
She seemed very nice , like she would make a good employee . I spoke to Liz Sager who , although she didn't directly work with her , got report from her old law firm of people that did , and Liz said to was extremely well liked , and very energetic .
I have a letter on its way to Mike Moscoso right now ( interoffice mail) . We requested 5000 for nat gas any one month , but were only approved for an additional 2000 . So we went from 15,000 to 17,000 . Welcome back !
Attached is an updated list of the Confidentiality Agreements .
Attached please find the referenced lists . I am not sending the list for 4/5/00 because all of the counterparties on that list were Credit declines . I have responded for Australia Legal on the 4/7/00 list . Remember , no credit derivatives approved unless specifically indicated ( which none are) .
We do have it signed . However , the Company's name was not correct in the agreement so I spoke to Wayne Greenberg and it said it was okay to go ahead and change the name on the C.A . he signed , and I just wanted to get a copy back from him initialled by the name change so we have a record of his agreement .
Bob , can you send me a copy of the EnronOnline confirm so I can prepare this . Thanks !
I have not received any feedback from Edmund or David regarding the email below . Can you please respond as I am getting daily prompts for a response . MUCH THANKS ! For Matt , your email stated that you trade over the IPE & NYMEX . What rules , besides the rules of those two exchanges , might apply to any on or off exchange trades you might enter into . For instance , here in the U.S . energy commodity trades might be governed by the CFTC , where out equity options might be governed by the SEC . Besides the exchanges your email reflected , what other governmental rules or regulations would govern trades you might enter into ?
I have not been getting a response from my outside the U.S . attorneys , so I just emailed them a reminder again , and tried to make them feel really guilty . I hope that works !
Actually , we girls have that built in guilt gene , it just improves with age...but do I need to speak to your mother ? Is there anything you would like to confess... ?
What can I say...? !
David , What Australian laws besides the rules of the exchange would govern the trades ?
Can you please prepare a print out for us of all the financial masters your records reflect and what type of agreement we have executed .  Thanks !
FYI , To date , we have executed 21 amendments to ETA's .
We have received the fully executed Confidentiality Agreement from the referenced counterparty and I have faxed it to counterparty today . A copy will be sent to Dave .
Thanks for your response ! On online , when there are Australian counterparties I will just wait to hear from you and include your responses with mine ( even tho you will probably tell me they can only trade Australian power!) . Do you have a back up yet ?
We have received the executed Termination Agreement dated as of April 10 , 2000 terminating the referenced trade . Per the request of Jennifer de Boisblanc Denny , this termination was prepared because the customer hit the same product twice on EOL and two exact transactions were entered into the system . I will send the original ( fax ) down to Bob Bowen for handling .
Attached is the referenced agreement . Please do not hesitate to call me if I can be of any further assistance . I am a paralegal in the Legal Dept . My direct phone no is ( 713 ) 853-3399 .
Mike , Could you add two new categories of products to the database for me . That would include the "Yes , Yes with Limits , and No" buttons and also a comment screen for the new products . The two new products are: Credit Derivatives and Bandwidth Thanks ! By the way , I can't figure out how to move the Portland masters off the master swap list . I think I am going to need your help with that .
will someone be sending us the report ?
I look forward to seeing you ! As soon as I get the recipes , I'll forward them on !
Who is Legal requested the master ?
Carol St . Clair had her assistant reserve EB46C1 on May 24 from 11:30 -2:00 for our luncheon . Can you please confirm that that date is good for your group and also the total head count . Suzanne will take care of ordering lunch for us . Thanks !
Effective March 1 , 2000 , Aquila Energy acquired the assets of USGT ( U.S . Gas Transportation Inc. ) ,  with the acquiring entity being USGT/Aquila L.P . USGT has assigned the Electronic Trading Agreement it executed with ENA to USGT/Aquila L.P . A copy of the assignment will be forwarded to Frank Davis .
That envelope should probably go to Rob Milnthorp . I'll have a copy walked down to John Lavorato here . It is a list of all of our NYMEX positions , and the list should be provided by Rob to any traders trading NYMEX out of Canada .
I have nothing but the counterparty's request for assignment .
We have received the executed Confidentiality Agreement with the referenced counterparty dated April 12 , 2000 . A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels .
Attached please find the referenced list . For Tosco Refining Company , it should be set up as Tosco Refining Company , a division of Tosco Corporation . We need to get the incorporated entity on the hook .
There is an Australian counterparty on today's list .
No conflict with me . I sent the date of the 24th to Anthony and asked him to confirm it with his people and get back to me .
Per our conversation , attached is the form of Amendment to the ETA , revised to reflect your correct name . Also , while I was revising the document , I added today's date , and the page number and footer reflecting the document name . Call me again at ( 713 ) 853-399 if you have any more questions , otherwise , I will await your fax of the signed amendment and bring it to one of our officers for signature .
Can you please add David Minns , a lawyer from our Australia office as an auhorized person with full privileges to the Master Swap Agreement Database ( of course , only I should have keyword change and deletion ability) .
tana jones will attend
Is your counterparty on today's list approved ?
Edmund , You are the only person I have now not heard from . When can I expect to get your response ?
FYI , cpy below is governmental .
I just heard from Tenley that you and Steve have been in a pretty bad car wreck and are hospitalized in Florida . My thoughts and prayers are with both of you . She said you were checking your emails so I just wanted to get a note in to you , and when you feel better maybe we could have a little chat . I miss you !
We have received the following executed Master Agreement: Type of Contract: ISDA Master Agreement (  Multicurrency-Cross Border ) Effective Date: March 31 , 2000 Enron Entity: Enron North America Corp . Counterparty: Kellogg Company Transactions Covered: Approved for all products with the exception of: Weather and foreign exchange
Per my conversation with Lisa , I am going to open the referenced counterparty to trade financial .
I will be out Monday morning for my home inspection . Also , I have my Scenic Texas board meeting at 2:00 pm in Dallas on Friday , so depending when I can get plane reservations , I will be out some or all of Friday .
On the attached list please note that per my email of 04/17/00 , U.S . Gas Transportation , Inc . has been acquired by Aquila . Future trading for this counterparty should be done out of the name USGT/Aquila LP .
Any update yet ?
Jan , that was good , thanks for sharing it !
Mark asked if you could work on the following with our new secondee , Jason . I provided Jason a hard copy yesterday since he didn't have a computer yet . Thanks !
I've been a little distracted . I've had a contract on a new house , and we had the inspections yesterday and everything looks good , so we're just moving forward for a May 5 closing . Also , I have had short in an electric line that keeps shutting off all the electricity to my apartment and they've finally isolated it and it is somewhere underground in my garden ! Dalzenia has been in there digging my garden up , and I think Louis has found the problem in the electric line so I hope they are going to get it fixed today so Dalzenia can replant my garden...it's always something . Anyway , I don't have a barbecue , so I will have to borrow one . How do I go about doing that ?
My closing is set for June 5 , move-in date for my new house is June 9 , so there should be no problem .
We have a new lawyer that started in our group yesterday . His name is Jason Peters . Can you get him added to the Master Swap Agreement database ASAP . Thanks . How goes moving the Portland masters ?
I am available Saturday after my morning run . If you would like some help I would be happy to help out !
Can we get some credit ? Much thanks !
I needed to whine with you yesterday about my favorite nat gas trader and couldn't get hold of you...and then my favorite lazy paralegal already passed on some of her work to me !
Can you give view access only to Marie Heard , Robbi Rossi , and Cynthia Harkness with Bandwidth Legal to the referenced database . Thanks !
It appears the online people have revised the initial counterparty list .
FYI Per Sheila's inquiry and at Sara's direction , I called Ken Raisler at Cadwalader to determine if using the word "exchange" in a corporation's name would create any regulatory problems with the CFTC . Per Ken , there has been some historical sensitivity about the use of the word "exchange" .  As we may have noticed though , a lot more companies are doing so without concern . He said there was no regulatory problem with the CFTC in using "exchange" in your corporate name , however , putting "exchange" in a company's name may put you on the CFTC's radar and get you more scrutiny . He also said that there may be regulatory conerns in Singapore and Hong Kong , so if we ever anticipate doing business there , it might not be a good idea .
I guess you mean Wendi , no Molly ?
I forget when you are coming ? If you're in Houston on May 6 , Jim Easter in the Asia/Pacific Group will be having his XVIII Annual La Dolce Vita Party which is always a great blast , and I'll secure you an invite too...let me know... !
This time I just pulled out the notebook with the drafts of confidentiality agreements you left one of them to do , and they didn't bother to file them in the binder , they just stuck them in so when I pulled the file out , the documents fell out .
The way this came about , Sheila has a customer that was creating a new internal and , initially she contacted Sara and it was Sara's understanding that they were in the tranportation business , not trading , and wanted to use the word "exchange" in their company name , and did we , as the CFTC experts , know any reason why they shouldn't ( I also understand it was Julia that mentioned to Sheila she might have an issue there) . After my email went out , Sheila came around with the press release they were drafting , and it sure sounded in the press release that this company's business was more toward the exchange and less toward the tranportation . They used words like "online clearinghouse" and the like ! So I told Sheila maybe she'd better contact Ken Raisler directly since it seemed like she had a real problem there . I haven't spoken to her to find out what came out of it .
Mr . Uretsky , At the request of Michael Danielson , I am attaching our proposed form of Confidentiality Agreement . If the agreement meets with your approval , could you please have it executed by an authorized officer of Viant Corporation and fax it to me for signature by Enron North America Corp . If you have any questions or comments , please do not hesitate to call me . My phone no . is ( 713 ) 853-3399 and my fax no . is ( 713 ) 646-3490 . Thanks for your help .
We have received the executed Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated April 10 , 2000 , effective as of November 25 , 1997 , wherein Tembec Inc . assigned its interest in Contract No . #J7774.1 dated March 23 , 1998 to National Bank of Canada . Copies will be distributed .
We have received the executed First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of April 10 , 2000 . This amendment revises the ISDA Master Agreement with the referenced counterparty to bring the agreement up to current form standards with changes including , but not limited to: 1 . Adding the Canadian Securities Acts representation; 2 . Making certain changes to elections with respect to Payments on Early Termination and amending the Setoff language; 2 . Makes changes to certain credit provisions , including letter of credit provisions , the form of letter of credit , the Independent Amount, , and amends the definition of "Material Adverse Change" .  Copies will be distributed .
On the 4/25/00 list , Imperial Oil Resources Limited ( cpy id 5193 ) was on the original approval list , but I had them as a U.S . counterparty instead of Canadian . Credit now tells me they are Canadian , so I am a little concerned that I might have opened them for Credit Derivatives . So if they are , shut them down since Canadian cpys can't do Credit Derivatives . Of course , all counterparties should be shut down for Credit Derivatives now unless Credit tells us they are a Credit Derivatives cpy , and then I'll make a determination...but you know that... !
I am preparing an assignment of two physical gas trades that were incorrectly done online with Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce and ENA and assigning them to CIBC World Markets plc and ECC ( ECC has a physical master with this counterparty , ENA doesn't) . I am adding a statement to the effect that these Transactions shall constitute "Transactions" under the ECC Master Agreement and want to confirm that "Transactions" is defined as such under your Master Agreement . Can you confirm that for me . Much thanks ! Too bad you won't be here for the party . It's always a good one . Also , Sunday is Astroworld day for Enron employees , but you probably won't get here early enough to do that either.. . Hey , if you run into any problems , my home # is ( 713 ) 529-1038 . Don't be shy about calling me if you need any help with anything ! I mean it !
All's I have to say is I was here this morning before 7:00 am , and I was the only person here until 8:00 am ( if you catch my drift).. .
Why is an attorney doing secretarial work , much less paralegal work ? Also , she is primarily a litigator , and we have found that litigators don't know anything about contracts , securing collateral , corporate law , etc . If we want a litigator , I understand that one of the old time 20 year Liddell , Sapp litigation paralegals has finally gotten to a place where she's ready to leave.. .
Yes to both questions.. . I hope we are confirming trades under the new TXU ISDA Master...? !
I have forwarded the Statoil/J.Aron trades down to Bob Klein and Jeff Sorenson to sign off on the actual deals listed . I'll keep you posted.. .
Would you like to sign off on this form of assignment since I am going to have to send it up to Canada for signature . Much thanks !
We have received the faxed executed Confidentiality Agreement dated April 18 , 2000 with Fieldston Publications . A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels .
I'm not Tim . Perhaps you'd better contact him some other way .
I am getting some pressure to get the database opened to the world . The only thing left to do to get that done was to get the Portland masters migrated out . What's happening with that ?
We have received the executed Confidentiality Agreement between the referenced Counterparty and ENA dated April 27 , 2000 . The copy will be forwarded to Dave Samuels . It is my intention that Dave Samuels maintain a complete file of all the Confidentiality Agreements for EnronOnline . If there is some otherr person than Dave who sould maintain the central file repository for EnronOnline Confidentiality Agreements please this let me know .
Attached is our proposed form of Confidentiality Agreement for the referenced counterparty . cc: Carol St . Clair , Assistant General Counsel
There is a document called "CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENTS" in Marie's directory where we all input any CA we have sent . For some reason since last week it has appeared as a "read only" document" , so I cannot input the agreements I am working on right now . Can you get that fixed . Thanks !
Attached is our form of Confidentiality Agreement which we would prefer to use . If after reviewing our agreement you still prefer to use your own form , Carol St . Clair , an attorney in our group will have to get back to you with our comments . I will wait to hear from you .
Congratulations on the first bandwith trades ! I understand we have done two trades today with the following bandwidth counterparties: 1 . Broadwing Communication Services Inc . - we have a Master Bandwidth Purchase and Sale Agreement executed April 27 , 2000 , effective as of March 28 , 2000 . It has just arrived in the bandwidth Legal Dept . and Marie Heard , the paralegal for bandwidth , will be getting the copy down to Global Contracts . 2 . The other party appears to be El Paso Energy Communications , and we have no master in place with this counterparty , so an online confirm with the GTC should be used here . If you have any other questions let me know , and I'll try and help you or get someone who can !
You are the one ! I hope everything works out , keep me posted and let me know if there's anything I can do to help !
Faxed the signed document to me at ( 713 ) 646-3490 . My direct phone in case you have any questions is ( 713 ) 853-3399 .
At the request of Bob Shults , I am attaching our proposed form of Confidentiality Agreement . I have included our phone numbers below in case you have any comments you would like to discuss with us . We look forward to hearing from you . Carol St . Clair , Assistant General Counsel ( 713 ) 853-3989
We have faxed to Counterparty the fully signed Mutual Disclosure Agreement dated as of May 2 , 2000 . Copies will be sent to Dave Samuels and Bob Shults .
Frank , can you email us both a copy of the GTC that the counterparty is seeing on the system . Thanks !
The Kellogg ISDA Agreement has been signed , but it is somewhat long . Would you like me to fax it to you ( if so , what is your fax no.? ) or would you like me to fedex it to you ?
Lorna , Thanks for following up on this !
Getchen is in our personnel dept . She will coordinate filling job positions with candidates . If you just emailed her your resume , you might want to give her a few days because she is working on lots of jobs . I've used her before , so you might want to mention my name , say I work in the Enron North America Legal Dept . She is really sweet .
Taffy , Can you take care of faxing him a copy of the ISDA and guarantees ASAP . Thanks !
Attached is the form of Letter of Credit you requested . Also , I am still working to get that info from London on the margin funds and securities . They are working on it so I hope to get it to you soon . They are the only holdout .
Just to give a head's up , In case I'm not here and you have to get something signed for EnronOnline , Louise Kitchen absolutely does not want any other officer signing documents for her group . The only two signatories for EnronOnline are Louise and Andy Zipper , Vice President . FYI , we do have a resolution in place that allows certain individuals to sign password applications ( only! ) on behalf of
Let's chat about attached... !
I spoke to the guy reviewing the deals this morning . He has come up with more deals than were on the list provided by Statoil/J . Aron , and now Bob Bowen is checking out the list . They hope to have it to me by the end of the day . It seems to me the way we need to proceed is to contact the J . Aron person and get the name of their person who can sign off on the trades , and have Bob Bowen and this person come to a consensus about the correct trades . Once we've got that nailed , then we amend their form of assignment to add the language that the trades need to go under the J . Aron master . Are you with me on this ?
It wasn't at the bottom of my list , but it appears it was at the bottom of London's list .
Per your request a few weeks ago , Global Contracts prepared a list of executed financial masters for Bob Bowen which he forwarded up to me . Let me know what you think .
Attached is the form of Confidentiality Agreement . Please call me at ( 713 ) 853-3399 if I can be of further service .
As you both may recall , we left unresolved whether our intention was to have the credit derivatives tied to the applicable ISDA Master Agreement , if there was any . Mark's first thought was that they would always go under a GTC , but after reflection , perhaps we might want them to go under the master . We need to get this resolved because there is no global contract assigned to any of the credit derivatives online , which is causing much trouble between Global Contract and the online crew . Can you direct me as to what our approach will be . Thanks .
We have received the executed Confidentiality agreement with Human Code , Inc . dated May 3 , 2000 . Copies will be distributed to Dave Samuels and Bob Shults .
The only thing I use Kim for is to take up a hem . She really isn't a great seamstress . I also use that place on the corner of Greenbriar & Bissonnet , Alter Alley , if I need a jacket or a drass taken in , or sleeves shortened . Some people have told me they use that seamstress by the Hot Bagel shop and said they have done a really good job , but I have personally never used them . I have an absolutely fabulous seamstress , she made my Barbie dress for Holly's prom , and has made bed coverings and table skirts for Lucinda and does a great job . Her name is Ruth Erwin ,  she lives there right off Bellaire Blvd , close to the fwy and her # is 667-9731 . She is an absolute sweetheart . I don't give her name out to a whole lot of people because I don't want to get her too busy or too expensive ( I'm so selfish!) . Only to my select , special friends !
Well , I was here by 7:30 this am and guess who's still not here yet? ! Think harder , I know you can get this one... !
Anthony , You never got back to me on whether this date was good and the total head count . Can youu please confirm this . Thanks .
We have received the Confidentiality Agreement with Novo MediaGroup , Inc . dated May 2 , 2000 . Copies will be distributed to Dave Samuels and Bob I am also attaching an updated list of the EnronOnline Confidentiality Agreements .
Ding , ding , ding... ! You're ready for Who Wants to be a Millionaire !
I have created a new subdirectory aptly called "Confidentiality Agreements" and have moved Marie's list of Confidentiality Agreements there , the list of EnronOnline Confidentiality Agreement and the two EnronOnline forms of Confidentiality Agreements .
What is going on with the revisions to the tax language in the ISDA ? I spoke to Marie and she said that at year end the tax language out of "ISDAexh.doc "was sent to Rhett Jackson for review and as far as she know it hadn't been signed off on . Obviously , we still have the old language in the form and we need to get this updated .
We have received the executed Confidentiality Agreement with MarchFIRST dated April 27 , 2000 . A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels .
In my directory .
You don't appear to have attached the list.. .
We have received the executed Confidentiality Agreement dated May 2 , 2000 with the referenced counterparty . A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels .
I'm ok . Can you put it on my calendar . Thanks .
1 . 5/2/00 List: Per my conv . w/ CIBC World Markets , they are a U.K . incorporated company , and will be trading only out of New York 2 . 5/3/00 List: We are not changing our prior approvals , which included "no power" ,  which Leslie Hansen has reconfirmed .
We definitely have enough people for a party . I haven't heard back from some people yet , I'll keep trying . I hope to have some responses when I get home from work tonight . Atached is of list of the status so far: What do you think ?
Andrea , The firm commitments I have so far are for the potatoes and pork chops . That red pepper dip looks really good , I may make that . Do you want to choose another one . We're still waiting to hear back from some people , so I may have to adjust the amount depending on how things go . Let me know your choice ! - Black Bean Dip.doc - Cheesy Herb and Garlic Bread.doc
Great choice , I got several responses last night and that was not one of them ! All the recipes look really good ( as usual) .
Suzanne , Anthony is with the Global Contracts Group . Can you coordinate with him the exact head count as we get closer . Thanks !
I got several responses last night and this morning by email , so I am attaching a revised list .
We have received the executed Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated as of March 31 , 2000 assigning two physical Canadian gas trades ( EOL Deal Nos 137945 and 149472 ) from Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce to CIBC World Markets plc . Such trades will be governed by the Master Firm Purchase/Sale Agreement dated November 16 , 1999 between CIBC World Markets plc and Enron Canada Corp . Copies will be distributed
I've got the dinner schedules for 7:30 pm . Your choice was perfect . There was no overlap in choices on what people wanted to cook . I couldn't have planned it better !
Attached are the recipes . I sent you them all because they all looked so good . Will you be talking to Steve ? I left him a voicemail about the dinner . I have scheduled him for the garlic bread . I guess I will just mail him the recipe . - Black Bean Dip.doc - Cheesy Herb and Garlic Bread.doc
I left a message for Judy Wells and will keep you posted . Hopefully by the end of the weekend I should have an exact head count so I can tell people how much to make . So far we've got 12 . The only recipe so far that is unclaimed is the Roasted Red Pepper Dip , you could either do that , or based on the number of people , you may do another of the meat recipe , since probably that will be the most expensive . Why don't we chat ( via email! ) Monday and figure out the best way to go . I've got a call into Peter Shaddock to see if I can borrow his barbecue grill and if he can get it to my house . Another thing too , does the Church have folding tables and chairs to borrow ? My table will only sit 6 at the best .
I can go either way on this . I have a nice backyard but no barbecue and not enough tables . But it sounded like you might prefer not to host , and I don't mind , I just am not setup to do a big group . I used to have a nice folding table but it was stolen out of my garage . If you host it I would be happy to help out , bring nice flowers , do the dishes , make the pepper dip... !
At the request of Sara Shackleton , I am transmitting a proposed form of Annex A for the referenced counterparty . Please call me at x33399 or Sara at x35620 if we can be of further assistance .
Do you have a fax no ? I could fax them to you.. .
Anthony , Unless your questions relate to an online problem , can you address your master questions to either of the two Susans . Thanks !
Are we in agreement that you will be hosting the dinner . If so , I will need to call everyone and let them know the change of plans . In furtherance of that , I will need direction to your house to provide them .
Lisa , I was returning your phone call to Carol St . Clair about the agreement and deleted the message by mistake before I got to your phone no . Can you give me a call at ( 713 ) 853-3399 . Thanks !
I'll wait to hear from you tommorow .
At the request of Anita Herrera , I am enclosing a copy of a list that shows the discrepancies that our records show from the list we were sent of trades to be assigned to J . Aron . Please resolve the trades issues directly with Bob Bowen . His # is 713/853-7859 .
At the request of Anita Herrera , I am sending you a list of discrepancies with the J . Aron trades . I tried to send this earlier and attached the wrong documents . Please disregard that email and delete it . Thanks .
Can you take care of sending him the executed documents !
Can you help me figure out the Portland thing so we can get this database
Attached is our bilateral form of Confidentiality Agreement when both parties are providing Confidential Information .
I don't think you can bird dog her too much . She receives in the emails and forwards them on to the relevant job group . The person with the job then decides who they do or do not want to interview . I don't think Gretchen will have much to do with that .
If we are replacing an existing Master Agreement with an ISDA Master Agreement , please change the status in the master swap agreement database from "Executed" to "Executed-Under Amendment" . Once a master is executed , "Executed" or "Executed-Under Amendment" should be the only two options you should ever choose . If you change it to "Draft Sent" , "Under Negotiation" , etc. , it wipes that counterparty's master from the list of executed masters . How many times do we have to say this? !
Well , actually Tanya , your statement below isn't a truly correct statement . We have not consented to the Statoil/J . Aron assignment ( in principal yet , in actuality , no) . We are off about 19 trades and have sent the Statoil people a list of the disputed trades to resolve . Once we are in agreement about the trades , I will add a paragraph to their form of assignment to the effect that the assigned trades ( be they physical or financial ) will go under the respective J . Aron master we have in place for that product . Only then can we move the trades.. .
The date our annual exemption expires in approval letter the NYMEX sends us when they approve our exemptions . Because we have so many commodities we are applying for now , and the form is quite lengthy , it took the NYMEX quite a while last year to approve our requests , which moved the date back to July 26 ( last year our renewals were due the 1st week of July) . So we've got a lttle more time to work on it . I will probably start notifying the various group's that provide information for the exemptions request sometime around the middle or toward the end of May .
ULF , MAKE FOR PORK CHOPS ONLY , DOUBLE THE RECIPE ( WE'VE GOT 14 PEOPLE) , KARLOTHMANN IS GOING TO TO A DOUBLE RECIPE FOR CHICKEN . DIRECTIONS TO PASTORBETH'S HOUSE AT BOTTOM Pork Chops with Mango Basil Sauce ( Serves 4* ) Ingredients 1 small mango , peeled and pitted 1 T plus 2 tsp vegetable oil 1 T minced garlic 1 jalapeno chili ( seeded and minced ) 1/3 cup thinly sliced basil leaves ?  cup canned low-salt chicken broth** T golden brown sugar 1 T soy sauce** 4 center-cut pork chops ( 6-8 oz each and about 1 inch thick ) 1 . Puree mango in food processor . Set aside cup puree ( reserve any remaining puree for another use) . 2 . Heat 1 T oil in medium skillet over medium heat . Add garlic and jalapenthen basil . Saute just until basil wilts ( about 1 minute) . Add broth , brosugar and soy sauce . Bring to a boil , stirring occasionally . Reduce heat to low and simmer for 3 minutes . 3 . Gradually whisk in cup mango puree . Simmer until sauce thickens and coats spoon ( about 5 minutes) . Season with salt and pepper . 4 . Prepare grill . Brush pork with 2 tsp oil . Sprinkle with salt & pepper.Grill pork until cooked through ( about 5 minutes per side) . Transfer to plates . 5 . Rewarm sauce over low heat , stirring occasionally . Drizzle sauce overpork . * For a party of 12 , you will need to triple this recipe . Please use 6 pochops and 6 chicken breasts for a triple recipe . If your party will have 8guests , use 4 pork chops and 4 chicken breasts . ** Use fat-free ( Health Valley ) chicken broth . Available at Rice EpicureaSignature Kroger stores and Randall,s flagship stores . Can be found in the diet/specialty food section ( rather than soups/broths) . This brand does nocontain MSG . Please also ascertain that the soy sauce you are using is MSG-free . Kikkoman ( Lite ) does not contain MSG . DIRECTIONS TO PASTOR BETH'S HOUSE Our address is 4605 Willowbend Blvd . We are in between Post Oak and StellaLink just south of the 610 South Loop . Directions from Christ the King: ( There are many ways to get to our house , but I will give freeway directions. ) From the church parking lot take Rice Blvd west to Kirby . Turight ( north ) on Kirby until you get to 59 . Get on 59 going south and exitthe 610 loop going south . 610 will pass Meyerland Plaza on the right . At the same point where 610 turns headed east , take the Post Oak exit going southand get in the far left lane ( do not exit at West Bellfort) . Willowbend Blvd . will be the first stoplight . Turn left . After the first stoplight ouhouse will be on the right . You may park in our driveway or on the street(it is legal after 6 p.m. ) or in the turn around space in the medians ( justmake sure there is room for cars to pass) . cc: Subject: I have an efax number you could use . I haven't received anything to the other fax line yesterday . Talk to you soon.. . Get Your Private , Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at
There has been a change in plans , the dinner is now going to be held at Pastor Beth's . A list of who is coming , what they are preparing and directions to Pastor Beth's house are attached . Laura , is Steve getting the recipe from you or Pastor Beth ? Pastor Beth , I've got you coordinating with Matthias & Karen . I've faxed the recipes to Karl & Ulf . July Weller is the only one I need to assign a recipe . I'm hoping she'll do one of the Gazpacho recipes since it's a little more complicated . Everyone else I having doing double recipes . I'll keep you posted.. .
I just forwarded directions to Pastor Beth's and a note about the number of people . Did you get it ? We just got Windows 2000 and I'm having trouble with my emails.. .
I have opened the referenced counterparty to trade weather online . However , they should continue to use the same special form of confirm that they are using offline until we get an ISDA Master in place with them .
We cannot move the trades until we agree to the assignment , which we have not done yet . We are resolving the trades being assigned , so don't move the trades until you hear from me . Bob Bowen has been working on this on the confirm desk side .
Yes , we will be having it at Pastor Beth's . Do you need directions ? It's at 7:00 pm .
We will have 14 people .
Attached is the Confidentiality Agreement you requested .
At your request , attached is the bilateral Confidentiality Agreement for the referenced counterparty .
This Koch trade you sent me is a London based Credit counterparty , not a Houston counterparty so I have no information on it . You are going to have to resolve this with London Legal , Edmund Cooper who is an attorney in
Attached is a list of Japanese counterparties . I need to respond to EnronOnline Friday with my approvals to this list . The list is broken up into 3 groups , Group 1 being counterparties already opened up for online trading ( so you don't need to re-review) , Group 2 being counterparties that we have correct names and credit on ( you need to review this list which has about 100 counterparties) , and Group 3 being counterparties that we have bad names or no approved credit yet (  so you don't need to approve this list) . You may ask , what products will these counterparties trade ? They can potentially trade all the products we offer online so you need to look at them like any new counterparty . Saying that , what we really expect them to trade is the Singapore based group of products .
Attached are the referenced lists . With respect to the list for 5/8/00 , Imperial Oil Resources and Pengrowth Corporation were on the initial approval lists . We have a duplicate Global Counterparty # open for Imperial . The second one needs to be shut down .
Attached is the form of ETA Amendment we executed with Koch Energy Trading . The referenced Diamond Shamrock/Koch joint venture would like to execute the same one . Is this OK with you . Forever in your debt...Tana
1 . Whenever we supersede and replace one Enron guaranty with another , we are supposed to have the "supersede and replace" language in the new guaranty . Is there some reason why it's not in there , and if we can't get it in at this late date , how are we going to make sure we don't have two live Enron guarantees out with the counterparty ? 2 . Is there some reason one the state of Oregon is bolded in the guaranty ?
It looks like you finally made the cut again !
I have lots of blanks on my approvals on the attached list for several European products . If you know any of the answers , can you please just hand write them in and fax them back to me , or email a more recent list you might that addresses the European approvals . Much thanks .
She didn't return my phone calls from yesterday either , so if you can go ahead and double the batch , just making one batch w/o the shrimp for our vegetarian and non-fish eaters . Thanks for your help !
I am still trying to get the countries of incorp . on the Japan List for you . Tom Moran is out today so I have to get them from Tracy Ngo .
What do the numbers "4" and "8" mean on your list ?
I left a message for Mike Neves this a.m . to see if we could get together this morning to check on things so we can open the database up . Meanwhile , what the confirmation desk could do is forward me an email for them and anyone from settlement that may want access to this database . I am going to have to email people the link to get in .
Within the next few days ( I hope! ) we will be able to open the Master Swap Agreement Database , now called the Financial Trading Agreement Database , to people outside of Legal and Credit . You will be able to use this database to verify master agreement information and special confirmation issues . Jeff , once we have the data inputted , you will also be able to verify branch offices and adopted ISDA Definitions in the Master Agreement ( that project is still in progress) . Can you please send me a list of the people in your group who would like to have view access to this database . I will have to email them the link .
You're a star !
Theresa Smith forwarded your comments to the NDA to me . I ran them by Mark Taylor , an attorney in our Legal Dept. , and am attaching a clean and blacklined draft reflecting the changes we were able to make . If your lawyer needs to talk to Mark directly his phone no . is ( 713 ) 853-7459 . I am a paralegal in his group and if you would like to get in touch with me my phone no . is ( 713 ) 853-3399 . We look forward to hearing from you .
I understand either of you gentlemen can advise me on what legal issues , if any , we might have with trading the new Singapore online products with my US based counterparty list.. ? Do we have any issues trading those products with counterparties incorporated in any specific country ?
Attached please find referenced list . A few notes: No physical power or credit derivatives for any of these Japanese counterparties . Re: Bandwidth , as a general principle , what I'm hearing from the bandwidth lawyers is ( 1 ) for Japanese counterparties they can only trade the U.S . segment ( which is currently the only segment we have online) , and ( 2 ) for right now , we have 1 Netherlands and 2 German counterparties on the list , and they are still checking to get the scoop on those countries , so for right now I am shutting them down for bandwidth .
We have received the executed Confidentiality Agreement with the referenced counterparty dated May 11 , 2000 . A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels .
Per our conversation , I am attaching a copy of the form of Enron Corp . Guaranteee which has been sent today to Enron Corp . for signature . My direct phone no . in case you need to get hold of me is ( 713 ) 853-3399 .
We have received the following two executed Confidentiality Agreements: 1 . Dow Jones & Company , Inc . dated May 11 , 2000 Copies will be sent to Dave Samuels . I am also attaching a revised copy of the Online Confidentiality Agreement List . Please let me know if you have any comments or questions on the list .
No wonder you couldn't find it ! Keep looking , 'cause I guess when you can see it , the job will be open outside Enron . Didn't you think the job sounded perfect !
Are Micheal Khajeh-Hoori and Deepak Sitlani in Credit ? I know Michael Schuh is in Legal .
I understand there you can't find the 5/8/00 list .
I am forwarding to each of you the referenced assignment with respect to physical trading and the online account . I also called the company and got a copy of the name change document they were referring to in the assignment .
can you give these three people in London Legal access to the Master Swap Agreement Database . Thanks .
At the request of Rahil Jafry , attached is our form of bilateral Confidentiality Agreement . Please let me know if the attached meets with your approval .
Attached is the list referenced above , revised to approve Imperial Oil Resources ( cpy ID 58981 ) for all products but power ( of course no credit derivatives) . The other Imperial Oil Resources Limited from the original approvals ( cpy ID5193) , I would like shut down for all products until I am provided information as to how it differs from the other Imperial Oil Resources . Whew...!! !
The check is in the mail...no really...!! ! Actually , I meant to give it to you at breakfast last weekend , but I have no memory . Do you want to run Saturday again . Do the Rose Garden run ?
How about this afternoon , right after lunch , before I start getting phone calls !
Larry Gagliardi has been talking to Valero Marketing and Supply Company about doing some gas crack business , and it appears Valero will not trade with us under the current form of Master Swap Agreement we have in place with them . They will only trade under their form of ISDA Master , a copy of which is attached below . I spoke to their lawyer , Kim Bowers , who is very nice , and she asked us to make our comments to their form by email . After talking to Tanya while you were out , it appears that we need to revisit their credit situation since the credit under our existing master swap is quite old . We will try to work on reviewing the legal terms while we wait to get the credit .
I spoke to Kate Cole and she said Enron NetWorks ( I'm not sure of the correct spelling yet ) was incorporated as a Delaware corporation on 4/13/00 . She has made me a copy of their articles of incorporation and LLC Agreement and I am sending a messenger to pick them up , as well as a copy of the officers and directors , which appears to have been approved . The banking resolution went to Julia today for signature . Do we need to adopt any other resolutions ( brokerage , approval of agreements , etc.) . How about adoption of the trading policy ?
Attached please find the referenced lists .
I spoke to Greg Johnston , one of the Canadian lawyers who is currently seconded here , and have determined the following: Imperial Oil Resources is an Alberta limited partnership . All Canadian transactions are entered into with this counterparty . Imperial Oil Resources Limited is the General Partner of Imperial Oil Resources . We do not transact business with this entity .
Thanks for the T-Shirt and the magic wand . People have already been at my desk trying to steal my magic wand , it's definitely a crowd pleaser . That was sweet of you to think of me !
Done.. .
The ballots are due in New York on June 20 , and there are no provisions made for faxing the ballots , so we need to mail them in time to be received by the due date .
Per conv . w/Anthony , we should expect 13 people . We do not need to teleconference anyone in . Anthony wanted the London Global Contracts people on the line , but I discussed it with Mark , and their forms and legal issues are so different from ours that I told Anthony that they need to contact London Legal if they would like a presentation .
Sorry for my hold up on this list . I had an issue with the division/dba approvals that I needed to resolve with Dave Forster and Mark Taylor . We will be issuing a policy ( as soon as I draft it ) about how to deal with divisions/dba's in the future . For this Koch counterparty: Per my conversation with Stephanie , I am provisionally approving this counterparty only with understanding that the online trading account name gets amended to read as follows: Koch Industries , Inc. , acting through its Koch Hydrocarbon Company Division . If the counterparty will not agree to this name change on its account let me know , I will talk to the Koch lawyer . ( FYI , this is the way we styled the ISDA Master Agreement , at the direction of the Koch lawyer. )
We have received the executed Confidentiality Agreement with the referenced Counterparty dated May 12 , 2000 . Copies will be sent to Dave Samuels and Teresa Smith .
We have received Confidentiality Agreemend executed as of May 17 , 2000 . A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels .
The list looks OK except take off Clement Abrams and Ted Murphy .
Luanne Geison at J . Aron left me a message that their guaranty is being processed and she expect to have it ready early to mid week and will fedex it to us .
You can take them off . I spoke to Sara and Marie didn't want them to attend and that is fine with Sara .
With respect to El Paso Merchant Energy , L.P. , this counterparty was on yesterday's list as an amended counterparty , but it is actually a new counterparty . It should be approved for all products but power .
Thanks Bob !
Per my conversation a minute ago with Leslie Hansen , El Paso Merchant Energy is OK to trade power , so I have amended the spreadsheet to reflect that change .
I understand that you are the Keyspan man! ! We are being asked to look at combined physical/financial guaranty for Keyspan with the guarantor being KeySpan Corporation d/b/a KeySpan Energy and the guaranteed parties being KeySpan Ravenswood Inc . and KeySpan Ravenswood Services . I have never seen this counterparty as a financial entity before . We've got Keyspan Energy Management , Inc . as a counterparty we sent a draft master to about a year ago . Will these Ravenswood entities trade financial with us ? Do we need to add Keyspan Energy Management to the guaranty if that is indeed the Keyspan entity we are trading with ? By the way , what kind of boondoggle trip is this you are on ? You Credit guys live high on the hog ! You must have a bigger budget than us !
At the request of Mike Danielson , I am attaching our form of NDA . If you have any questions please do not hesitate to call me at ( 713 ) 853-3399 ( fax no 713/646-3490 ) or Mike at ( 713 ) 853-9052 . We look forward to hearing from you .
I'm not exactly sure what your email is getting at . No matter what the financial product is , if we have a financial master agreement in place we should tie the financial master to the product .
I have a doctor's appointment tomorrow at 11:00 am .
Glencore Ltd . is a Swiss corporation .
I can't do anything until I get Credit and Stacy approval .
At the request of Louise Kitchen , I am attaching our proposed form of Confidentiality Agreement . It is our desire to have this agreement executed before the Tuesday , May 30 meeting with Louise and Mark Crosno . If you have any comments or questions please call me at ( 713 ) 853-3399 or Mark Taylor , V.P . and Assistant General Counsel , at ( 713 ) 853-7549 . Sincerely , Sr . Legal Specialist
Please ignore my last list and use this one! !
We have received the executed amendment to the EnronOnline Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty dated May 16 , 2000 . Copies will be distributed .
Mark Taylor , the attorney I work for , has agreed to the changes you made , so if you would like to process the agreement on your side and fax the signed copy to me I will have it executed by an authorized officer here . Thanks for your prompt review and have a nice Memorial Day holiday !
We have received the executed Confidentiality Agreement with the referenced Counterparty dated May 29 , 2000 . A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels .
Here's that physical deal you were inquiring about . Stacy is a physical lawyer and will be taking care of that assignment .
Where are you going? !
Good luck with the next stage of your life . It has been a pleasure working with you !
I would like to take the following time off: Wednesday , May 31 - I need to leave at 3:00 My new house closing is on Monday June 5 at Partner's Title in the old Texas Commerce Bank Bldg.- they haven't set the time yet I will be taking two days off in June to move into my new house - June 12 & 13 My old house sale closes on Monday , June 19 - also at Partner's Title - they haven't set the time yet Let me know if there are any problems.. .
So I guess I'll be hearing from you when you need Confidentiality Agreements . So we'll still get to work together !
Lorraine , Mike is wrong . I never got the fax of the executed NDA . May he could call his contact at the company and get them to send it to me? !
Can you get the new attorney in our group , Jason Peters access to both the Financial Trading Database and the Online Trading Database . Please let us know when he has access . Thanks .
Attached is the revised list of our Online Confidentiality Agreements . Please let me know if you have any comments , questions or changes .
Per instructions from Brant Reves in Credit dated 5/15/98 ( a copy of which has just been provided to me by Global Contracts) , please inactivate the Master Agreement [ERMS] with the referenced counterparty . It appears Aurora Natural Gas Systems LLC is a dba for Aurora Natural Gas , LLC . We have an ISDA Master Agreement dated 1/20/00 in place with Aurora Natural Gas , LLC and all financial business should be transacted under such ISDA Master . Further , per Brant's instructions , all trades done with Aurora Natural Gas Systems , LLC should be moved to the correct legal entity , Aurora Natural Gas , LLC .
I was just speaking to Edmund Cooper about various swap matters , and he wanted me to ask the group to not make changes to his entries ( for ECT International ) in the Master Swap Agreement Database . Someone went into one of his and added a note that the Trade Option Exemption was deleted when it wasn't . If you think something is in error or needs to be added , please consult with him . Thanks
Edmund , Below is the standard information we always have in every email when we get a master swap agreement executed . With this email Global Counterparty can open the counterparty . We then immediately send the master swap agreement and other documentation down in the attached memo . If we get the master in signed but we're waiting on critical additional documentation ( like the guaranty or perhaps a legal opinion on a governmental ) we hold off on sending the email . Sometimes the file may not be complete because we are waiting on incumbency certificates ( which we do not consider critical in most circumstances ) so we may send the email , send down whatever executed documentation we have , while we wait on the certificates . We used to wait to send the executed documents down until we had the whole package completed , but they can't approve the counterparty without getting the master . Does this make sense?.. . I am now going to look for one with special instructions.. . Below is my standard memo to Global Contract with any kind of executed documents I send down to them . Also , a new procedral thing that is evolving here in Houston , we used to send Global Contracts the originally executed guarantees , but Credit is not the gatekeeper and recordkeeper of all guarantees so we will be sending the originals to them in the future ( with a copy in the Global Contract file )
Mary Solmonson is a Senior Director with ENA . Business purpose was to discuss online issues .
We have received the following executed Master Agreement: Type of Contract: ISDA Master Agreement ( Multicurrency - Cross Border ) Effective Date: 08/14/94 Executed Date: 05/11/00 Enron Entity: Enron North America Corp . Counterparty: J . Aron & Company Transactions Covered: All products , except pulp & paper Please note the following: 1 . This ISDA Master Agreement supersedes and replaces the Master Energy Price Swap Agreement with the referenced Counterparty dated as of 03/09/93 . 2 . Incorporated is the ISDA Master Agreement is the consent to the assignment by Columbia Energy Services Corporation ( "CES" ) to ENA of the financial transactions between CES and J . Aron & Company . 3 . J . Aron & Company is the Calculation Agent and Confirming Agent under the ISDA Master Agreement .
Yup , FX & Currency Option provisions added . !  I hope to have our database open to you soon so you can look and see what definitions are included .
What group did you go to ?
How about Melissa Murphy , or anyone else that prepares financial power confirms ?
never mind.. .
We are ready to open the old "Master Swap Agreement Database" , now called the "Financial Trading Agreement Database" to people outside Legal and Credit . Can you provide me a list of the people in your group that would like access so I can email them the agent to open the database . Much thanks !
This is a consent to the physical business , not financial . Stacy Dickson will sign off on this as soon as she gets Credit approval , which it appears she has not yet .
You scared me...I went in to make sure I sent the list to everybody! !
How about adding the drop down for bandwidth trading ?
I asked Credit to put the referenced counterparty on the re-approval list for financial because momentarily we hope to get the signed ISDA Master Agreement in from the Counterparty and if certain things don't happen when I open them up they will have a cow! ! 1 . When I approve them to trade financial online we need to make sure they are coded for having the master swap agreement in place . They are insistent that they do not see the GTC and that the confirms and procedures agreed to in the master apply . 2 . All US and Canadian financial transactions , whether online or offline , should roll up under the master . As soon as we get the executed ISDA Master Agreement in I will send an email . I thank you and I know Sara Shackleton thanks you...!! !
I am still waiting for responses on the 5/30/00 list . I hope to have it to you shortly .
Thanks , as usual! !
FYI , we are now executing Services Agreements , and it is my undertanding that Dave Samuels will maintain the files of the originally executed copies until I am given further instruction . As with all the online documents I am getting executed on your behalf , I will maintain a copy in our files also . We have received the executed Information Services Agreement dated May 22 , 2000 between Energy Argus Incorporated and Enron NetWorks LLC . The original is being sent to Dave .
We have received the executed copy of the Confidentiality Agreement dated 5/24/00 with the referenced party . Copies will be sent to Dave Samuels and Mike Danielson .
Just a reminder that I will be at my house closing Monday morning.. .
As you requested.. .
FYI , you've got several people on the referenced resolution that are no longer in your group . You might want to take a look at it.. .
We have a new paralegal in our group , Samantha Boyd , she just started Monday . Can you get her Master Swap Agreement access . Thanks !
I am going to have to leave the Group Meeting a little early tomorrow . The online team has scheduled a new employee training for tomorrow and at 10:30 am Tom Moran and I are going to give a presentation on online approval procedures .
Please note the following on the 6/5/00 list: We are shutting down Aquila Risk Management Corporation for all financial trading effective today . All financial trading should be done out of Utilicorp United Inc . This counterparty was on the original approval list , and I previously had them shut down for financial trading . Credit will put them on tonight's list , meanwhile , we need to open them up to trade all financial immediately .
I know you are busy , but you need to send out your email about the signed master as soon as possible , so we can open up Utilicorp to trade financial . Brant can only open them up from Credit's perspective , I have to open them up from Legal , but they will still not be able to trade only until Global Contract ties the counterparty to the master , and they cannot do that until they get your email . Thanks .
Samantha , When you get in let's take a look and see if you can get into the Master Swap Agreement Database .
Attached is your agreement .
I have jury duty scheduled for June 23 at 8:00 am .
At Stephanie's request , I am approving the following three counterparties to transact Enron power SALES only prior to these counterparties coming out on tonight's Credit approval list ( when we will do the full approvals): The three new counterparties are: GPU Service , Inc. , as authorized agent for and on behalf of Pennsylvania Electric Company GPU Service , Inc. , as authorized agent for and on behalf of Metropolitan Edison Company GPU Service , Inc. , as authorized agent for and on behalf of Jersey Central Power and Light Company Call me if you have any questions.. .
It is always a pleasure working with the online team , You all keep me busy but you are always kind and thankful , and believe me , those thanks are always appreciated !
Correct !
I reviewed the counterparties in our Financial Trading Database and located 17 who cannot enter into financial power transactions and cross-checked that list against my Online Trading Counterparty List and located the 6 counterparties below have been opened to trade online and who cannot trade financial power and/or who have some type of restriction in place on the type of financial power transactions they can enter into: 1 . The Bakersfield Californian - can only do newsprint swaps and options 2 . CMS Marketing , Services and Trading - can enter into financial power transactions only if those transactions are fixed price swaps , basis swaps , swing swaps and options 3 . Phibro , Inc . - can only do natural gas , crude oil or oil product energy prices swap , put & call options . Per my discussions with Tom , this counterparty is coming through on tonight's list as an amended counterparty because they want to do financial power . They have a really old form of agreement in place from 1993 and it does not allow power financial transactions . I spoke to Mark Taylor about this and he said if they want to do financial power they are going to have to replace this agreement with an ISDA . I am going to talk to Credit about this . They will definitely not be able to trade financial power by Monday.. . 4 . PXRE Corporation - weather only 5 . Swiss Re Financial Products Corporation - weather only 6 . Tempest Reinsurance Company Limited - weather only
In my absence on Monday and Tuesday , can you forward the counterparty approval lists to Samantha Boyd , a new paralegal in our Group , and she will forward them on to my distribution , so we can at least get people reviewing the lists while I am out . Much thanks !
Boy , I'd like to know where I'm going to be for the next 2 days too !
I look forward to it ! I was talking to Genia and I also heard how lovely your house looked...I can't wait to see yours too !
On the list for 6/6/00 , NRG Energy Inc . was previously not approved for physical power trading and we are not opening them up at this time . Per my discussions with Credit , they are coming thru as an amendment to open them up for US power and emissions . This counterparty is not showing up on the FERC approved marketers list , and Leslie Hansen is contacting the counterparty to determine what records they have , if any , that show they have been approved by the FERC to trade power . Until we are provided that info , we cannot open them up for power . US emissions has been opened . P.S . If Utilicorp . need to be approved when I am out Monday and Tuesday , talk to Carol St . Clair , the attorney working on the ISDA Master , or Susan Bailey , the paralegal working on the contract .
Attached is the referenced Annex B . Call me if I can be of further help .
Always my pleasure . . ..I don't want to risk having you unhappy two days in a row...by the way , where we you for the ice cream social? !
I'm glad to hear that someone from Credit it showing up ! I heard we weren't going to have a good turnout from you guys , so I expect those that do attend will achieve "favored Credit person" status .
Dan , I just wanted to let you know how to proceed on getting the agreement signed , since I will be out Monday and Tuesday . Samantha Boyd is a new paralegal in our Group and she will coordinate getting it signed . Her phone no . is 853-9188 . I understand you need it signed by Monday since you are meeting with Continental Tuesday . As we discussed , we are incorporating EnronOnline LLC today . As soon as we hear from Deb Korkmas ( a paralegal that handles our corporate matters ) that the company has been incorporated you can tell Continental that they can sign the agreement and return it to us via fax ( have them fax it to Samantha's attention at fax: ( 713 ) 646-3490) . Upon receipt of the fax Samantha will get it initialled by Mark Taylor and have it walked to either Louise Kitchen or Andy Zipper for signature ( depending on who is in) . Either of them can sign for all 3 companies , Louise as Managing Director , Andy as Vice President . After the agreement is fully executed Samantha will fax it to Rick Wagner at Continental ( unless you give her instructions to the contrary) . If the counterparty wants to negotiate the agreement , they will have to talk to Mark directly . His phone no . is 853-3399 .
You'll have to take that personally with Ms . Heard . For you , it would have much more personal impact than "Most Favored Nation" status . I would certainly want to stay on Marie good side . Though I know it is tough to compete with sweet Russell.. .
I will be out of the office on Monday and Tuesday of next week . In my absence , Samantha Boyd , a new paralegal in our Group , will forward the Counterparty Approval Lists to you once she receives them from Credit . Please return any responses you might have to me . Thanks !
I just spoke to Mark Taylor and he has requested that we be more specific about the nature of the project we are working on in our confidentiality agreements . On a going forward basis can you please provide that information along with the other info you give me . Thanks ! I will be out of the office Monday and Tuesday . If you have a RUSH Confidentiality Agreement that can't wait until Wednesday , call Mark Taylor at x37459 and he will find someone else in our Group to prepare it . Louise , don't worry about Continental . Mark is working on getting it signed in my absence !
Airlines !
How soon they forget!! !
Correct !
I forwarded your resume last week onto my last contact that might have a join London . The London Legal Dept . just seconded two outside lawyers , so thare properly staffed for the moment . Then I spoke to the Global Contractspeople , and they didn't need anyone in London , but might have been interestif you wanted to go to Japan . The last Group is the online trading group . I forwarded your resume to the head of that groupp last week . We'll see thisweek.. . cc: Subject: London Hello from Germany . I was just writing to make sure that you did receive mresume by fax . Hopefully that went smoothly . And also , My dad says , "Have you found me a job yet?" Just kidding about that , he said said to say that . I%ll be in London starting thursday or friday , but feel free to email me at this address with any info . Thanks , Matthew Get Your Private , Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at
Are you going to be sending me some credit ?
I'm so depressed...I wanted to work on this for you...! !
I don't know what a terminations number is? !
Thanks for the nice note , I am the person that has the really neat yard that was featured in the Chronicle , at least until this weekend when I bought and moved into my new house . I have a lot of work ahead of me yard wise . This yard has "great bones" but has been neglected for a long time . Hopefully , some day it will look as nice as the yard at my old house !
Here's the excuse we need to get me up there for the Stampede ! Isn't it coming up soon ?
Yes , we do have a standard Enron guaranty form . It is located in atty.fms/swaps/current forms/guaranty.doc ( both the Enron & counterparty guarantees are in there) .
We have not yet received the executed documents .
You can go back sending the counterparty lists only to me and Mark Taylor . Thanks !
Just a reminder that I will be taking Friday afternoon off to meet the cable tv guy , then , my closing on my old house is set for Monday at 3:30 pm .
How can a non-bank be a multibranch entity ? If I remember , we spent a hour with London over the phone discussing just this issue !
I had a conversation with Ed Staub over at Duke today , and he now wants to get an agreement in place between Duke and ENA . I mentioned to him our agreement between ENA and ECC that would allow us to trade both entities under the same master , and he was not interested in trading in that manner , he wants separate agreements in place with both companies , obviously , mirroring the terms of the master we are putting in place with ECC , just changing it for any cross-border issues . I told him I would run it by our Credit Dept .
We got a call from the NYMEX today , and they received another Access terminal that appears to be slated for Enron . My understanding is that we have the five terminals that I ordered . You do have your two in Portland , don't you ? Please confirm that for me . Thanks !
We have received the executed Second Amendment to Guaranty Agreement dated as of June 9 , 2000 . This amendment changed the guaranty of Formosa Plastics Corporation , USA ( "Guarantor" ) with respect to the physical transactions with Formosa Hydrocarbons Company , Inc . and financial transactions with Neumin Production Co . to an unlimited guaranty . The original guaranty amendment will be sent to Credit .
Per my conv . a minute ago with Maryann Friel , they will be fedexing the documents out to us tonight !
You need to contact whoever it is you are speaking to at PPL and tell them we have never received a request to assign the financial deals , and if they would like to send us one we will take a look at it .
We have finally received the executed Termination Agreement for the two Koch physical trades done in error on EOL ( which have already rolled off the books!) . The deal nos . are EOL Nos . 103992 and 104018 . I am sending the original to Bob Bowen .
We have received the executed Assignment and Assumption Agreement wherein Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce assigned two physical trades to CIBC World Markets Plc . Those two deal Nos are EOL deal no 137945 and 149472 . The originals will be sent to Bob Bowen .
To prepare an NDA for you I will need the following information: 1 . The correct legal name of the counterparty 2 . Whether the agreement is bilateral ( both parties providing confidential information ) or one-way ( where only Enron is providing confidential information) . Our preference is to use the Enron protected party form since it is written more in our favor . 3 . The nature and/or use of the information being provided . 4 . The address of the counterparty 5 . The phone and fax number of the counterparty Once I have all this I can prepare your NDA in short order .
You're the best !
The Power Desk directed me to give John Galperin , our broker with Salomon , Smith Barney a call to get the May Entergy volumes . John spoke to the NYMEX and they came back with a figure of -0- contracts traded in May , with a total of 34 Entergy contracts traded so far for 2000 ( all months) .
I can be there , but I have to be home by 1:00 , because the cable tv guy is going to show up sometime between 1-5 .
Tanya , "eligible" is spelled wrong...otherwise , lovely credit worksheet !
At the request of Carol St . Clair , I am attaching our form of EnronOnline Password Application , Electronic Trading Agreement , and a sample of each of a financial and physical online GTC .
I will be able to attend .
I need to send out the attached memo ASAP to all employees of Enron North America and its trading affiliate offices . This includes Houston , Calgary , London , Denver , New York , Oslo , Singapore , Portland , Australia , Buenos Aires , and any other offices where we might have trading affiliates . Can someone with your team get back to me ASAP so we can be clear about who we send this to . Thanks !
If we are going to vote on the NYMEX demutualization plan the ballots are due tomorrow , so today is your last possible day to get them out , since it only provides for mail in ballots , no faxes this time . I check and both Mark and Kevin are in , for right now !
I do not have an individual list . It will have to got to all the employees in the cities , and or countries where we have trading offices , which is pretty much the list I had below .
I just got off the phone with someone at PP&L and I am trying to coordinate our response to assigning our physical gas , physical power , financial and online transactions . Per my discussion with PP&L , Shari is working on the physical power assignments , Stacy has received the gas assignments , which in it includes an assignment of the online account , and the woman at PP&L is faxing me an assignment of their financial positions with us . PP&L tells me that we have recevied Credit approval of these assignments , although I have not received such approval . With respect to assigning their online account , I don't know if Frank has any particular issues , my only issue is that we don't only assign an account , in doing so we assign all trades under that account , and if the only trades done with PP&L are physical gas , power & financial , then we should be alright ( if Frank is ok , in consenting to the assignment of the online account) . It seems to be a problem with her in opening a new account . Saying , all that , I guess I need to know if ( 1 ) Credit has approved all these consents , ( 2 ) when power & gas have consented , and ( 3 ) if Frank is OK with assigning the online account over.. .
Wouldn't you like to know which of the two Susan's gave her notice today!? !
I called Haedicke to check on the status of his Rappaport conversation , and he told me he hadn't had a chance to talk to him yet but to go ahead and fax in the ballots , which I have done ( I got Kevin's too) .
I had to order a set of the ISDA Japanese documents for John Viverito , who will be leaving for Japan soon , so if anyone needs a copy I have them . Also , London sent me a copy of the Amsterdam Power Exchange Rules , which I don't think anyone will need , but if you do , I have those too .
Do you only want the form of Credit Support Annex and Paragraph 13 thereto , or do you also want a pro forma Canadian ISDA Schedule . Also , I would expect that since you are dealing with Canadian municipalities you would want a form that include the special municipal provisions , which are somewhat lengthy ?
Attached are the referenced lists . On the 6/19/00 list for Sithe Power Marketing , LP , they were on the original approval list , and since they are coming through again for SO2 , and since I'm not sure if we had SO2 on the original list , I open them up for it just in case . Also , I opened them up for financial , since it appears they have now met the eligible swap participant requirements , even tho' Credit is still not opening them up for financial .
Please direct this email to all employees at the offices indicated below ( I think Sydney is our Australia office) . I have revised the letter a little and am reattaching it . Thanks !
Mike , I thought you were taking care of this for me . What happened ? P.S . Does Samantha Boyd has full access to the database also ?
I would like to send the email out announcing this master and have a few questions . First , about the approved products , as best as I can determine , we don't have the pulp & paper language in , and don't have the weather rep in . Seeing as tho' they probably won't trade pulp & paper , I won't worry about that . However , with respect to weather , since the weather rep is always added into the confirm , I don't think not having it in the master would necessarily mean they can't trade weather . Unless you know of a reason to the contrary , I would think we want to open them for weather . Second , looking at the agreement to see if there is anything else we want to mention to the general distribution group , I don't see anything in particular out of the ordinary with respect to trading issues , except in the Netting of Payments section which appears to allow payment netting amongst PG&E and it Core Procurement Department and California Gas Transmission Department . Will they be financially trading separately under those departments ? And if so should we instruct the Settlements group to net the payments ? Anything else special you think I need to mention ?
We have received the executed Confidentiality Agreement between Continental Airlines , Inc . and Enron North America Corp. , Enron Net Works LLC and EnronOnline LLC dated June 19 , 2000 . A copy will be distributed to Daniel Diamond and Dave Samuels .
Just a followup note: We are still unclear as to whether we should continue to send original incoming and outgoing guarantees to Global Contracts ( which is what we have been doing for about 4 years , since the Corp . Secretary kicked us out of using their vault on 48 for originals because we had too many documents) . I think it would be good practice if Legal and Credit sent the originals to the same place , so we will be able to find them when we want them . So my question to y'all is , do you think we should send them to Global Contracts , to you , or directly the the 48th floor vault ( if they let us!) .
FYI , I spoke to my contact in the NYMEX Marketing Group and she told me that the NYMEX demutualization vote passed 140-11 .
The draft of the email you sent Mark looks OK in terms of its content . Is there any way I will be able to get some form of a confirmation reflecting that it was sent to all the offices in my prior emails ?
Per the email below , please note that if you haven't been sending your original guarantees to Credit , it appears this should be done so in the future . Please forward this email on to other members of your group that might be responsible for filing original guarantees .
Your list looks good !
Thanks , that was indeed what I was asking !
I have to move some final things out of my old house . I hope I close tomorrow ! If you would like to meet me at my new house , and then we could run over quick and grab the final things I could go after.. .
I'm still getting the silent treatment !
She's not too far away from snapping... ! I'm afraid to say anything .
Yes it does . It includes any original guarantees we may be giving or receiving .
Just a reminder that I hope to be out this afternoon ( as of this morning my old house closing is set for 3:00 pm , keep your fingers crossed it goes through this time!) . Also , I have morning jury duty tomorrow .
You are abviously a man of clear and discerning vision !
I have prepared a form of transmittal memo for sending the original guarantees down to Credit . I though you might want to use it as a template .
The memo applies to ENA and its other trading affiliates , Enron Canada Corpand Enron Capital & Trade Resources International Corp.) . If you work forany of these trading affiliates , this memo would apply to you . Because ofthe constraints of our company wide broadcast system , they could not limitthe email in some offices to only those companies , so we had to send it outto the whole office . If you do not work for those companies , this does notapply to you . cc: Subject: Re: Enron North America Corp . NYMEX Hedge Exemption ApplicaSince I am not an ENA officer , employee , owner , or agent having a power ofattorney or control , I don't understand why I received this request . From: Mark Taylor 06/21/2000 06:39 PM
Marie , Obviously , you are not "in the know" . The word on the Enron streets is that Yao is brokering the peace in Bosnia , and that is why he is too busy to call his old friends !
Good memo . I look forward to hearing from you .
I am the person that handles all this . If you would like to meet to discuss this let me know and we'll set up a time .
Marie , I think you are mistaken . I was watching E , the Entertainment Channel , last night , and Joan Rivers was doing her best and worsed dressed review at Cannes . I noticed this incredibly handsome and debonair man , dressed all in black from head to toe , a shy smile , with eyes hidden behind dark glasses , and a lovely beauty on each of his arms . I thought , "could it be...might it be...?!" . And it was...it was truly he . I'm sure of it !
With respect to Utilicorp , I cannot amend their profile yet to open them for financial until I get the word that everything is set up and ready to go . We do have the financial master in , so as soon as we figure out how we want to open the accounts , I can send my email . Let me know on MRT what you find out . When can I see your house ?
I am still getting the chill and it's getting really old . I've tried to enter into the conversations , make a comment or interact , and I just get frozen out . It's going to be a long walk over there to help her out . In 2 weeks , I'm all she's got .
Am I supposed to do anything here ?
Stephanie rightly pointed out that I was confusing Utilcorp w/Pacific Gas and Electric . Just call me Roseannaroseannatana ! Attached is the corrected list for 6/20/00 to open Utilicorp for all products except pulp & paper .
Enron's trading policy prohibits employees from trading any products the company trades . If you have any questions about any specific products pleafeel free to contact me or any of the London legal team . Mark Schroeder cc: Subject: Enron North America Corp . NYMEX Hedge Exemption ApplicationI currently do not have any such account . Would this prohibit me from opening one in the future ? thanks mcs
The Enron trading policy prohibits employees from trading any products thecompany trades . Please let me know if you are trading any commodities thatEnron trades , otherwise you should be OK . cc: Subject: Enron North America Corp . NYMEX Hedge Exemption ApplicationDear Tana I do have trading authorization-limited and full power of attornies-over several futures accounts including my own . They are all family and friendsaccounts , held with Bear Stearns & Co . Contact person is Alan Pailet 1 61If you have any questions you can reach me at 67695 . Cheers
With respect to the FX , interest rate , S&P and NASDAQ indice trading , as long as your job does not involve trading those products and as long as you do nin your job have access to the trading information ( working on the confirmdesk , risk management desk , credit , etc.) , you are OK to trade those products . We do not currently trade agricultural commodities , so you arecurrently not in violation with that product group . As you may be aware , whave acquired a metals company , so you should also not trade any metals . cc: Subject: Re: Enron North America Corp . NYMEX Hedge Exemption Applicai don't trade any energy or pulp/paper commodities , but i do trade forex,interest rate , s&p and nasdaq indices , and agricultural futures . hope that helps
Can you email me the registration form ? Thanks !
You're the best !
As Frank indicated below , below is a new bandwidth product being introduced online . Frequently , if we have a new product and it is close enough in character to another product , we just mirror the approvals we have already given to the mirrored product . Does this strategy work for you , or are there any issues we are unfamiliar with that would require us to review this product in a totally different manner ?
What group are they in ?
Is Global Finance Gary Hickerson's Group ? Credit is the only group besides us that gets full access , anyone else gets more limited access .
So paraxylene is a petrochem and not a chem?! !
Below is the link that will give you access to the referenced database . Call me a x33399 if you have any problems . Link -->
Mike , Mary Cook is a new attorney that joined our Group yesterday . Can you get her full access to the referenced database , and let us know when such access is granted . Thanks !
Per my conversation with Credit , the referenced counterparty has now provided the letter of credit that will enable them to become an eligible swap participant . Therefore , I am opening them up to trade financial . They will come through as an amendment on tonight's list .
Per our discussion , attached is my rough draft of the Legal Script . Just to save you the time and effort of having people read for the part , may I suggest Julia Roberts to play my role in the film . She's already got this paralegal thing down with the Erin Brokovitch role.. .
P.S . I almost have the 6/22 list done . There is one more counterparty credit/power is working on . And I have the 6/23 and 6/26 lists done , I just have to write them up . I'll have them to you soon .
Mike , Can you grant George Hope with the Online Team , view access only to the Legal Online Trading Database . Can you let us know when his approval comes in . Thanks !
I am still waiting on approval for MRT Energy Marketing Company ( and my list from 6/22) , pending on your determination as to whether it is a division or a subsidiary of Reliant Energy Services , Inc .
Stacy , Jeff asked me to pass this on to you for handling: Tom Nuelle ( pronounced "Nelly") , Risk Manager at BP Amoco called , and said they need to assign a physical trade from one Amoco entity to another . The trade was done w/Amoco Energy Trading and they need to assign it to Amoco Canada . It's a Nov-March,EOL Deal no . 265080 . Tom's phone # is 281/366-4034 . Tom Moran from Credit had no problem moving the trade .
I would be glad to send him the link if you can send me the link .
Sara , Laurel was sent the link on 6/1/00 , I have no record of a request for Sheila Glover , but I am sending this email to her also . Link -->
I will need to leave around 3:00 pm tomorrow .
Attached are the referenced lists . I got that problem worked out on the 6/22 list and will send that to you shortly .
Please shut down the referenced cpy for financial trading . I just found out they are a Bermuda corporation and I need to see if we can do financial transactions under Bermuda law .
Anytime !
I discussed this w/Frank , and wanted to make the other two of you aware , since this is a Bermuda corporation , they are only allowed to trade the US segment of bandwidth . Since this is the only segment we are trading online yet , this isn't an issue . But as we move forward and add more segments we are going to have to keep in mind that although a counterparty may have been open for US , we need to consider if they can trade other country based segments as we add them in the future .
Attached is the script revised w/Mark Taylor's comments .
We have received the executed Confidentiality Agreement with the referenced Counterparty dated June 18 , 2000 . Copies will be be sent Dave Samuels and Teresa Smith .
Teresa Smith was my contact on this one .
Please call me with any comments or changes .
Attached is a list containing the new MG counterparties . You can see it by clicking on the second tab at the bottom of the Excel spreadsheet where it says "MG New Cpys" . Ignore the first tab . I am told by London Legal that our deadline for responding to this list is Monday . Bandwidth team , in talking to London Legal , per my current understanding , the only two jurisdictions approved to trade bandwidth are the US and UK . We've got Japan and Bermuda approved to trade US segment only . So unless we hear otherwise from you , it is our intention to give all the other counterparties "read only" access .
I just got an updated list . Please ignore the one I sent you a few minutes ago .
Attached is a copy of the London due diligence on China . Per my conv . w/Edmund , it appears China is a "no" for financial transactions .
Thanks for your response . Yes , I I do need to know two things . First , the group you are in , and then second , what products you are trading out of the account . The Enron Trading Policy prohibits employees from trading in any of the products the company trades in . Thanks !
Can you respond ?
We have received the following executed ISDA Master Agreement: Type of Contract: ISDA Master Agreement ( Multicurrency-Cross Border ) Effective Date: 05/15/00 Executed Date: 06/09/00 Enron Entity: Enron North America Corp . Counterparty: Pacific Gas & Electric Company Transactions Covered: All products covered except pulp & paper and FX ALL PARTIES PLEASE NOTE: 1 . DIVISION TRADING . This counterparty may elect to do additional financial trading under two divisions , its Core Procurement Department or its California Gas Transmission Department . If the Counterparty does elect to trade under these divisions , such trades should also be done under this master agreement . No other divisions should be approved for any financial trading for Pacific Gas & Electric Company without prior approval from Legal . However , for regulatory purposes , payments cannot be netted between Pacific Gas & Electric Company and any/either of the two divisions . All payments must be treated separately . It is critical that the PAYMENT/SETTLEMENT GROUP captures this correctly . ( CREDIT , the agreement does provide for closeout netting. ) 2 . Canadian and US Trades: All financial trades with this counterparty , whether entered in with Houston or Calgary traders must be done under this master agreement . THE CONFIRMATION DESK needs to make note of this . 3 . GLOBAL CONTRACTS: When we open them up to trade online , we need to make sure that all of the financial products go under this master agreement . Under no circumstance should they see a GTC if they transact any financial product . 3 . ONLINE TRADING: It is critical that the above information is captured correctly before we can open them up for online trading . I will verbally confirm with each of the Online Team , Confirmation Desk , Global Contracts , and Payments/Settlements that we have this setup correctly before Legal approves them to trade online .
I say let them eat cake !
How should I respond to soybeans ? It is on the list of commodities we might trade .
At the request of Carol St . Clair , I am attaching our proposed amendment to the referenced master . Please call me at ( 713 ) 853-3399 , or Carol at ( 713 ) 853-3989 if you have any comments or questions . If the amendment meets with your approval , please have two copies executed by an authorized officer of J . Aron and return them to me for signature by Enron . Thanks for your help !
I missed a few of Carol's changes so she asked me to resend the document . Sorry !
I don't think your attachment was attached .
I just spoke to John Cameron , the lawyer for the Company and our plan is to email him , an associate of his , and Doug Thomas the draft as soon as it is ready . I will also fax John Cameron the draft . Tracy Ngo in Credit is working up the credit , and I am doing as much of the draft as I can pending credit . Carol St . Clair , a lawyer in our Group here in Houston , will be reviewing the draft . As this is moving quickly , please provide us with any updates of information .
John , you can take Shari Stack off these emails . She is a lawyer working on the physical power agreements , our group works on the financial trading agreements . Carol St . Clair is the lawyer working on this master ( I'm a paralegal) . Thanks .
Thanks for the credit !
Attached please find a draft of the Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement between Bellingham Cold Storage Co . and Enron North America Corp . Please call Carol St . Clair , Assistant General Counsel , at ( 713 ) 853-3989 with any questions or comments you may have . My direct dial number is ( 713 ) 853-3399 .
You are so very welcome !
We really haven't used the Local Currency form in several years . We found that we were getting requests to switch to the Multicurrency Form so frequently that we made the Multicurrency our primary form . In the long run we have found that the Multicurrency Form gives us the most flexibility as the trading markets become more international in nature . If you prefer the Local Currency it may take me asome time when we get back on Wednesday to compare the forms and convert the document over . Please let me know if that is your preference .
I have scheduled taking Monday and Tuesday July 17 & 18 off to visit my family in New York .
I spoke to Serge Martin , their outside counsel , and he said it's on his list , but he hasn't been able to get to it . Maybe in another month.. .
We have received the executed Assignment and Novation of Transactions dated June 28 , 2000 wherein Statoil Energy Trading , Inc . ( "Assignor" ) assigned its interest in certain natural gas wholesale and derivatives transactions with Enron North America Corp . to J . Aron & Company ( "Assignee") . A copy of the trades being assigned is attached to the assignment which will be distributed to the usual distribution group , plus Bob Klein .
I am a Senior Legal Specialist in the ENA Legal Department , Financial Trading Group . I wasn't put on as a reviewer for Mike Neves , but I wanted to tell you what a good job he has been doing for our group . I am responsible for the databases in our group . During the past year we have had two major projects going on with respect to the databases our group uses . First , we have had a major upgrade to an existing database , the Master Swap Agreement Database ( now called the Financial Trading Agreements Database) . This upgrade including adding a number of new items within the database , as well as creating security on some of the confidential legal data maintained in the database , so the database could be opened company wide , while maintaining the secure legal information . Second , in response to the online trading system , we needed to immediately create a database to keep track of the Legal Department's approvals of the online counterparties . This need for this database came on quickly ( as has everything associated with online trading!) , and having that data available enabled us to quickly respond to our client , the online trading group . Mike has done a wonderful job both upgrading our existing database and helping create the new online database . His quick turnaround , understanding of our needs , attention to detail ( while at the same time remaining cheerful while we , as I'm sure other groups pressed him with deadlines ) has helped us meet the needs of our clients . Mike continues to give us prompt attention when needed , and he is certainly a valuable asset to your team ! In case you were wondering.. .
I just wanted to give you an update on the NDA for the referenced counterparty . I faxed your signed draft to Andrew Hausman this morning . He finally got back to me a few minutes ago to let me know that he's looking for a lawyer on his side to review it . He has one comments already I'll run by Mark . Otherwise , we're waiting for him to get back with his lawyer's comments .
We have received the executed Amendment to the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty dated May 30 , 2000 . Copies will be distributed .
Per my conv . w/Carol St . Clair , Crestar commented on the ETA , but never requested that their comments be formalized as an amendment . Per our understanding , they have not requested a signed amendment and opened the counterparty w/o any changes , so we have not pursued them .
Just as we got the assignment of the natgas trades in , I got a call from Anita Herrera , the attorney for Statoil , saying she is sending me an assignment of the crude trades tomorrow . It won't be as painful a process , since she told me we they only have one or two crude trades left on the books . Anyway , I wanted to give you a head's up ( and maybe to keep any collateral you might have to cover the crude trades!).. .
Boy , was she quick . We appear to have only one trade to assign , so Credit , I guess you are OK with this , and Bob , you don't show any other crude trades do you ?
Do we have a list and copies of any financial master agreements MG has in place ? When can we receive copies ?
Per Lotus Notes , it looks like Susan Flynn sent them a draft on 5/23 and hasn't heard from them . The name of the person she sent it to was Adrian
Mark spoke to Bloomberg and their attorney with Wilkie Farr , and they made substantial revisions to the form . I just faxed a clean and blacklined draft to them and am waiting to get their approval . Will you be around to sign ?
We have received the fully executed Confidentiality Agreement with Bloomberg PowerMatch LLC and Bloomberg L.P dated July 6 , 2000 . A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels .
Anita , You were going to fax me the form of assignment.. .
Fax no is 713/646-3490 .
Can you send him a copy of this . Thanks .
Jill , We haven't seen credit come through yet . We can't do anything without it .
Patricia , I need to know what futures products you are trading ? cc: Subject: Enron North America Corp . NYMEX Hedge Exemption ApplicationI do have a futures trading account . Tricia Tlapek Ext . 36615
The NYMEX may require the aggregation of any employees NYMEX trading with the trades of the company . In addition , Enron Company Policy prohibits employees from trading products that the company trades , which includes NYMEX crude . In the future , please do not trade this product , or any products that thecompany trades . If you have any questions about any specific products , please call me , Ted Murphy or Mark Taylor . By copy of this email , I am also notifying Ted Murphy with the Control Grouand Mark Taylor , VP and Assistant General Counsel of Trading . Sent by: Chris Glaas To: Mark Taylor@ENRON Subject: Re: Enron North America Corp . NYMEX Hedge Exemption ApplicaI trade wti contracts on the nymex exchange . I don't understand what thismessage is about . Can u help me ? regards Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
The NYMEX may require the aggregation of employees trading with the trades of the Company . Further , Enron Company Policy prohibits employees from trading any commodities products that the company trades . Therefore , in the future , please do not trade any products the company trades . If you have any questions as to a specific product , please call me at x33399 .
Anne , You didn't write any message on your response , so I am not sure if you have a futures trading account or not . Is that why you responded to Mark's email ? Mark Taylor cc: Subject: Enron North America Corp . NYMEX Hedge Exemption Application|
Great ! Just a heads up...Enron Company Policy prohibits employees from trading the products that the company trades . Besides energy commodities(natgas , crude oil products , power) , the company also trades interest ratescurrencies , pulp & paper , weather , plastics , and metals . I am sure they wicontinue to expand this product base in the future . If you have any questions about what you may or may not trade , please do not hesitate to came at x33399 . cc: Subject: Re: Enron North America Corp . NYMEX Hedge Exemption ApplicaNONE , at this time... .
Robbi , What impact will the advice below have on our Japanese bandwidth approvals ? Right now I have them OK to trade the US segment . Based on the advice below do you think we will need to get a license as a "telecommunications carrier" ? Should I shut Japan down for now ?
We have received the executed amendment to the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty dated June 23 , 2000 . Copies will be distributed .
I'm working with the "Click Paper.com" legal team toward the migration of the pulp & paper trades to that website . In oder to determine whether any of the counterparties that have actually traded pulp & paper online have amended the ETA , I need to get a list of the counterparties that have trade pulp & paper online . Can someone down there prepare such a list for me ? Thanks !
Re: the Statoil Assignment The Statoil master will not be terminated . They sold their existing natgas & crude oil book to J . Aron . They may trade other products out of that master , or it is possible they might want to enter into future trades in those products . So , the trades reflected in the assignment should be moved under the J . Aron master . Everything else should remain the same .
You would need to talk to Mike Moscosco . I don't know , but perhaps they don't change the report for a 1 month approval only .
Gene , As you my recall , you returned the original subcontractor letter with respect to the referenced agreement as you were unable to locate the original Project Services Agreement in Enron's files . I was just talking to Carol St . Clair , one of the attorneys I work for , and we are of the agreement that we cannot sign this side subcontractor letter until we track down where the original agreement is . How can we locate the orignal agreement within Enron Corp. ?
I am working with the Click Paper.com lawyers on their online documentation , and they want to see a UK form of financial GTC . Can you send me one ? As ever , in your debt.. .
Jeff , We are also usually sent a page from some tax book that show the rate of withholding for each of the treaty countries . Their rate of withholding will impact which form we may or may not need . Can you send it to me ? Thanks !
The page out of the book we were sent last year says "Treaty Withholding Tax Rates" ,  and under it is says "The following are US withholding tax rates for dividend , interest and royalty payments from the United States to residents of various treaty countries . Then below there it has a list which shows the Country , Dividends % , Interest% , Patent and Know-how Royalties .
Thanks as usual for the prompt response . You are a star !
Attached please find the lists referenced above , except the list for 7/6/00 . which just has 1 declined counterparty on it .
Below is a new gas product . Any issues I need to be aware of ?
Can you send me your form(s ) of Password Applications? ! Thanks ! I needed to talk to you about MG , because I am really backed up and have not been able to get to that counterparty list . What is my drop dead date ?
Yes , we have an ISDA in place with Georgia Pacific Corporation .
This counterparty came across on my online list for today . I took a look at the master you have in your office , and to me it seems to be approved for all products , including weather & pulp & paper , just not FX . In Susan Flynn's email she said no pulp & paper . Which is correct ?
Attached is the referenced amendment . Please call me or Carol if we can be of further service .
I don't see that I got a response from Leslie on the above list . Can you check this one too ? Thanks !
I was chatting with Chapman yesterday , and he tells me the movie you were in is Gladiator . This is major ! I had no idea you were in the biggest hit of the summer , and probably the year . How will I know which barbarian is you ? Can we see your face ? Does your horse have special markings so we can tell it's you ? I'm going to have to watch it in slo mo when it comes out in video ! This is quite exciting . I guess next thing you'll be hiring an agent ( for you and/or your horse , depending on who gets better reviews?!).. .
I thought that body looked pretty buff ! I should have known it was you . So you got paid extra for the horse and the body double work !
I have been speaking with an ex-associate of yours from Valero and he asked me to pass on his regards to you , Peter Groetzinger . So , REGARDS from Peter !
Mike , Can you arrange for George Hope to get access to this database ASAP . Thanks !
Latest drafts:
London Legal called and the referenced US counterparty has come through the London Credit based list , and they need to know if they have a US power marketing license . Can you let me know ? Thanks !
London Legal wants to know if this is done ?
Attached is that RUSH guaranty Stuart Zisman called about . We need to get it signed today . We will also need the Certificate with respect to the incumbency of the officer signing the guaranty . Thanks !
Ted , Question 15 of the annual NYMEX hedge exemptions asks us to describe in detail: "the system of internal controls administered in the supervision of the applican't risk management programs , i.e. , describe the risk assessment policies and procedures in place for evaluation and supervision of risk management programs , including "stress-testing" for extraordinary price volatility , and state frequency supervision is conducted." Attached is the response we have given the NYMEX in prior years . Are there any changes in our procedures/control that would necessiate a change in that language ?
Thanks Genia !
Attached are the descriptions of the physical power business . Thanks for your help !
One of the online team is looking for someone from Legal who is working with ( read "holding up things with" ) the Allegheny Energy people right now . Any of you got anything going on ?
I already know that !
But none as good looking !
Jealousy , jealousy...!! !
We have received an executed Confidentiality Agreement with RedMeteor.com , Inc . dated July 12 , 2000 . A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels for the files .
Thanks Kristin !
Thanks! . I'll fax it back to you after it's signed .
It was good seeing you . Thanks for dinner . Shawna and I were waiting for your call about a coffee ( she even said she'd buy!) , but I guess we missed you for this trip . She sends her regards ! I harassed Justy about his movie career . He told me he was the body double for Russell Crowe . I asked him whether he and/or his horse had hired agents yet ( depending on who was getting better reviews! ) Keep me posted on the house . It looked great !
Is this only available to the Legal Group ? There are a few people in Credit and Global Contracts that might find this helpful . Please add me to the list . Thanks !
Did you get this ?
Serge , That was sent to you yesterday morning . I guess you didn't get it ?
Hydro Quebec has forwarded to us their form of ISDA Schedule for the referenced counterparty for review . There is no indication of what Enron business person is interested in this counterparty . I will forward a copy of the ISDA to Mr . "Canada" Suttle , and open a Lotus Notes entry with the contact information . We won't do anything until we receive a credit worksheet from Credit .
None of the counterparties on your Mexico counterparty list should be approved to trade: any financial product , physical bandwidth , and physical power . When I get back to the office on Wednesday , I will do up your spreadsheets . Thanks !
Are there any individuals in your group that might find this seminar beneficial ?
John , I've been out of the office for two days and just got in . I take it that Cowlitz PUD is a governmental entity ? Our usual sample form does not have the governmental provisions . I would think we would want to send them a sample with those provisions in there , because they would be rather surprised if they got a draft from us at some point and it had all these additional provisions in there . Can you confirm for me that they are a governmental/quasi-governmental ? Also , have you requested credit from Credit ?
We have received the fully executed Confidentiality Agreement with the referenced Counterparty dated July 13 , 2000 . A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels for the files . Also , attached is an updated list of the Online Confidentiality Agreement for your review . Please call me at x33399 with any comments or questions .
FYI: Attached is the list of Online Confidentiality Agreements .
Per email below , counterparty would like to put some masters in place with us . We will need credit before we can proceed .
You're the best !
Please handle . Thanks !
Deb , Can you check the VP list for Bill . He was promoted to VP of Enron North America Corp . in January and , looking at the corporate database , his name is not showing up on the list . Thanks !
In order to prepare a Confidentiality Agreement , I will need the following information: 1 . The company's full legal name 2 . Whether we want a bilateral or Enron Protected Counterparty form 3 . What is the nature of the protected information ( what project or type of transaction is it for ) 4 . The company's address , phone number and fax number 5 . Any timing involved for getting this signed ( is there a meeting Monday morning at 9:00 am , so it's a rush , or just send it out , we're starting to talk to them )
Bill , I looked , and you're not a VP of Enron Corp . either . Maybe you need to give Rick Buy a call so we can straighten this out.. .
Per our conversation , attached is the Authorized Trader List . Can you have Gary review it Monday when he gets back , as we are opening a new brokerage account and we need to provide the list to the brokerage firm . Do you have any updates to the Pulp & Paper group ?
Why do we want Andy to sign the draft going out ? If it's not a rush , it makes us look heavy handed to send a signed document , giving a tone like "this is not negotiable!" .
Brent Hendry , an attorney that used to be in our group in Houston , then went to Argentina , is now back . He had review only access to the Master Swap Agreement database . Can you get him added ASAP with full edit capability . Thanks !
Scott , Is there someone else in your group who can get Brent access to the Financial Trading Agreement Database ?
He has view access , but he doesn't have edit capability , which he needs .
Below is the initial list of the ClickPaper.com counterparties . As usual , let me know if you have any issues , otherwise I will consider them approved 1 day after transmittal of the list .
We need to set up a new database as soon as possible when you get back . We have a new online trading system starting Tuesday , ClickPaper.com , and I will need to mirror the Online Trading Database . Can you call me when you get back .
Attached is the referenced list . I understand that the Western Area Power Administration - Upper Great Plain has been bugging us to get opened up for physical power , so you might want to give a rush approval on that one .
No divisions should be opened up without the legal name as part of the title of the account , or the confirms will not go out right . You have two on the 7/14/00 list , TXU Gas Distribution , a division of TXU Gas Company , and Western Area Power Administration-Upper Great plain , a division of the United States Department of Energy . Can you please change the name on the accounts . I thought we came to agreement that this is what we would do for divisions , and Legal would be contacted if they wouldn't add the legal name on to the account . The people who approve Password Applications should be sorting this out . Can you please let me know how these two get resolved . Thanks . FYI .
Please note that we are in a dispute with Enage Energy US , LP with respect to power trading , and they are shut down for power trading only until such dispute is resolved . I have already confirmed this with Stephanie .
Thanks Mike !
Attached is a revised draft of the Authorized Trader List . We need to open a pulp & paper brokerage account today , so we will need to get this signed by the end of the day . Please let me know if Ted has any comments . If not , I will get it initialled and bring it to Ted for signature . I am wating to hear from Sara as to whether we should add agricultural to the list . Per Gary , the list will be the same exact list as financial . Thanks !
Mary Cook signed off with a few minor changes . Attached is the amendment with the revised numbers . Please check them and let me know if they are OK .
FYI ,
We have received a notice dated 7/10/00 from Merrill Lynch International Bank that it intends to transfer their FX business to Merrill Lynch International Bank Ltd. , a United Kingdom incorporated bank regulated by the SFA , effective as of the fourth quarter of 2000 . We do have an ISDA Master Agreement in place with Merrill Lynch International Bank . I am sending a copy of the notice to Gary Hickerson & Tanya Rohauer ( I am also sending Tanya the financials of the new entity) . We will await Credit's instructions as to how they would like to proceed after reviewing the documentation .
At the request of Bill Bradford in our Credit Department , I am attaching our proposed amendment to the ISDA Master Agreement between HS Resources , Inc . and Enron North America . Please let me know if the amendment meets with your approval . My phone number is ( 713 ) 853-3399 . Sr . Legal Specialist
Do you have access to the Financial Trading Agreement database , where you can look these dates up ?
It is in my "forms" subdirectory , called "questionnaire-umbrella re internet
Below is a RUSH list that we need to approve by the end of the day . From the US , the only response I expect will be from Leslie , with all declines for power . I NEED TO HEAR FROM AUSTRALIA TODAY ON THEIR COUNTERPARTIES .
Gosh , I'm getting so good at this I might not need you anymore...did I not see that one coming or what !
Jeff , Would you handle this or would Alan , or both of you ?
Below is John's contact as Boeing . He would like to get some credit so we can get this counterparty an ISDA . I understand that you are under the gun today , if you could just let us know when we might be able to get some credit . Much thanks !
Mark , I am sorry , but there seems to be a little confusion in our shop about who your attorney should be on this deal . I was given Andrew O'Connor's name , and left him a message to which he finally responded . He is now expecting to see this CA . I have now been given Wesley Fredericks name as your attorney . I don't want to cause any conflict between attorneys , and wanted to get your direction as to how I should handle this . I am Tana Jones , and I am a paralegal in the Legal Department and my phone number is 713/853-3399 .
I have attached the referenced spreadsheet , changing my product approvals to add the new product list that Stephanie sent me ( instead of th eold list Credit sent me) . One of the new products appears to be Austrian physical power . Like the other European based physical power products , it should not be opened for the US based credit counterparties to trade , so I will not be marking it out on a going forward basis , I will just expect it to be shut down for the US based counerparties ( unless I tell you otherwise on a particular one) . Is that OK with you . Also , for Sempra , they will be coming by again on the 7/21 list ( Credit opened them up for all financial power) . I had already opened them up for all financial products except weather , so it shouldn't affect my approval .
Attached is the referenced list . There are only 2 counterparties for approval on this list , and I have problems with each of them . Virginia Electric and Power Company is coming through as an amendment to add financial power . I still cannot open them up until we resolve directly with the company what issue , if any , there appears to be doing financial products with utilities under Virginia law . Notes in our database reflect that this was an issue and they were creating a marketing sub to do the business . I have a call into Credit to find out who their contact is , we will have to resolve this directly with them . Again , TXU Lone Star Pipeline is coming through as a division of TXU Gas Company , and that needs to be made part of the name .
Alan & Harry Since your group is the only other group besides the financial group that has a product on the pulp & paper website , it is my intention to only send the two of you their spreadsheets . However , it appears the physical side of the business ( except for power ) never says no , so if you prefer , I won't send you the list . It's up to you . Let me know .
Per my conversation with Frank , Utilicorp . was originally shut down for financial because it was on the original "utility" list , when we shut down all the utilities for financial until we did the due diligence . Since then , we are opening the utilities up , so long as they are not governmental utilities . Second , we have since got an ISDA master in place with Utilicorp . ( and moved the Aquila trades under it) . Based on the above , I am opening up Utilcorp . for all financial products .
The referenced counterparty has already been approved to trade all physical and financial products offered online . I am not sure if we need to see this counterparty come through again as a Click Paper counterparty or not . I'll let Tom decide . For me , I'm OK .
David , A clarification.. . On Ergon , Macxquarie Generation , Snowy and Citipower . You say that they should only trade Australian power and weather . How about all the other products , US , UK , Canadian physical and financial ? I am taking it literally and not opening them up for ANY of the other products but those . Is that a correct interpretation ?
It is OK to sign the copy I emailed to you . Just return the signed copy to me via fax 713/646-3490 and I will get is signed by an authorized officer here and return it to you . In your fax please tell me who you would like me to send the return fax to . Thanks for your prompt attention with this !
I have already responded to the counterparty .
Done at last ! Whew , I'm whooped ! Now it's your turn to have fun ! Unfortunatel , I have a call into David Minns about one issue , and I hope when he responds it doesn't change my approvals.. .
Per our conversation last night , can you take a look at my list of country product approvals and let me know if there are any updates to the information . Thanks .
Leslie , On the attached list they have PPL Electric Utilties Corporation & PPL Energy Plus as amended and new , but you didn't respond to them . I have no record on PPL Electric Utilities , so can you treat that as a new counterparty even though it says amended . Thanks .
Attached is the referenced list . I am still waiting on 1 response for the list from the 24th .
We have received the executed Confidentiality Agreement with the referenced counterparty dated 7/26/00 . Copies will be sent to Andy Zipper and a copy to Dave Samuels for the files .
Mark said you were going to provide me with the info to do a Confidentiality Agreement for the Houston Chronicle . What's the scoop there ?
Attached is the referenced list . The Bakersfield California is approved to only do newsprint commodity swaps and options . Therefore , I have turned them down to trade the current products we have available online . As our product base expands , we can send them through again as an amended counterparty if we offer newprint commodity swaps and options online .
The resolution The Bakersfield Californian provided to us when we signed the ISDA Agreement with them limited the types transactions they were approved to do with us to "...newsprint commodity price swap and option transactions." In order for us to expand the type of business they can do under the ISDA Agreement we would need a new resolution from the Company expanding the types of products they are approved to do with us .
Anthony , I have no idea what that questions means.. .
Attached please find Deemed ISDA .
Holly , Attached is a sample incumbency certificate .
At the request of Sara Shackleton , attached is our form of Letter of Credit .
Holly , Having both of them included in the certificate will be fine . Frequently , companies do not know who will be available to sign , so they list more than one signer .
We have received and executed Master Agreement: Type of Contract: ISDA Master Agreement ( Multicurrency-Cross Border ) Effective Date: April 28 , 2000 Enron Entity: Enron North America Corp . Counterparty: Kinder Morgan , Inc . Transactions Covered: Approved for all products with the exception of: Pulp & Paper Foreign Exchange
Holly , I already mailed the documents out to meet the Fedex deadline . Can you substitute these pages out later , or hand write the changes ?
Alcoa Inc . has contacted us and would like to trade Aluminum online . It appears Frank was on this initial email . I don't know what progress , if any , has been made in getting the counterparty signed up online . The person that contacted us is on the bottom of this email . I will wait to see this counterparty come through on the Credit list . P.S . We do have a financial master in place with them in and there is nothing in it that should restrict metals trading .
Mr . Faragalla , I am checking on your review of the Confdientiality Agreement referenced in our earlier email below . When might we expect to hear some comments from you ? Please let me know .
Mr . Finzi , We have heard back from you regarding the Confidentiality Agreement referenced below . Can you please let me know when we might expect your comments ? Thank you .
As a follow-up to my memo re: tax treaty countries , I called Jeff Blumenthal about Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania & Venezuela , since they were not on the list and in a separate memo , and he said that they adopted tax treaties after the Tax Code binder was published .
I take it by PG&E Core , you mean PG&E's Core Procurement Department . Yes , it should go out under the master
I need to hear back from anyone whose group may be trading with this counterparty . Here's my issue . We have been negotiating an amendment to the Password Application with this counterparty . The absolutely refuse to see a GTC . I don't know if any of you are trading gas , crude or power with them , but if you are , do you have a master , or would the counterparty see a GTC . I'm trying to figure out what we have before we talk to them . Thanks !
We have this down for signature right now . We hope to get it out today .
Yeah , it won't go away !
We have received comments from the referenced counterparty with respect to comments to an Annex A to a Confirmation . Mary Cook , a new attorney in our Group , will be working on this .
Remember , on the divisions , to make the incorporated entity name part of the counterparty's name !
No .
Getting back to the original questions . Do you trade with this counterparty and do you trade pursuant to a master or a GTC ?
Have you heard from The Houston Chronicle ?
Do you want me to follow up with them ?
Is there someone in our group that is working on this . I looked in Lotus Notes and didn't find any entry for this .
Is someone from our group working on this ?
John , Mark left a message for you yesterday . He needs to discuss this comment with you . Can you please call him . Thanks !
Dave , Leslie Hansen is going to review your NDA . Her number is x36121 .
Carol , Engage faxed us their form of Coastal Corporation Guaranty . It is not clear to me looking in the file what I should compare it to to make sure it is OK . It looks like our form of guaranty , but it is not the one I sent them . What do I need to do here ? Also , in terms of the approved amendment , I see one in the file with some hand marked changes . Are those changes agreed to and is that what we should sign ? Hope all is going well.. .
With respect to your inquiry as to whether there was any assignment executed with respect to the assignment of the Howard trades to TXU , I looked in the file and it appears that Susan Bailey in our Group prepared an Assignment and Termination Agreement which she passed on the Brant Reves in Credit on 1/6/00 for handling . There is no record of this assignment ever being executed in our records .
Brenda , I am forwarding this email to you , because attached to the bottom is a presentation that Mark wants to copy to put slides in his presentation .
Do you have a master agreement in place with Pacific Gas & Electric if you trade with them , or do you trade under GTC's ?
Who at the West Desk should I speak to ? We don't usually talk with the physical traders .
Stephanie , Can you provide Travis , the ClickPaper lawyer , with a copy of the Japanese ETA ?
Please fax the signed agreement to 713/646-3490 . If you have any questions call me at 713/853-3399 . Thanks . "George Emerson" Please respond to gemerson
I looked thru the attached 10K for NSTAR and could find no "NSTAR Companies" entity listed there . Maybe you'll have better luck , or are smarter and will find it ( since I failed so miserably on you know what today!) .
Attached please find the referenced lists . Please note: 7/31/00 List - I am not opening up Equitable Gas Company , because it does not say a division of Equitable Resources Inc . I thought that was our deal . 8/1/00 List- I cannot review NSTAR Companies yet . There is some question as to whether that is a correct legal entity .
Anyone know anything about this ?
All's I need now is your email w/instructions .
We have received the executed Confidentiality Agreement with Spear , Leeds & Kellogg dated July 31 , 2000 . A copy will be sent to John Pavetto and to Dave Samuels for the files .
We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated 04/18/00 amending the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty . Copies will be distributed .
I will redo the 7/31/00 list with the Equitable approval .
Credit wants to open up the referenced counterparty immediately . They are approved to trade all physical products , except physical power , and can trade all financial . I will follow up with this counterparty profile on today's approvals .
Attached is a copy of the amended ETA that Carol sent you in early July . Please let me know if the changes meet with your approval .
Sure . Maybe after running we could get cleaned up and go take a look . Do you still want to go to the movies ?
Today after work would be fine if you want to? !
Attached is the referenced amendment . Let me know if it meets with your approval . Make sure you check my numbers .
I've got several European counterparties on my 8/3/00 ClickPaper Online List , the UK , Italy , the Netherlands , Sweden and France . Are there any restrictions on trading financial pulp & paper in Europe ? Everything going well... ?
Bob , John Viverito , an attorney from Houston who is temporarily in Japan setting up our Japanese trading office , is looking for the templates for confirmations for US weather and pulp and paper confirmations . Can you send the confirmations to him . Thanks !
Legal has signed off on the counterparty , so I expect it is being held up with the online team for some reason .
Just an heads up , they are open to trade physical power , which I expect is what they want to trade , but not financial .
Yes , the only weather representations we need are now always covered in the confirmation . As far as thru what entity they trade , I support whatever Lotus Notes says .
Dave , This should do it.. .
Because they are a governmental entity , in order to do financial our lawyers would need to talk to them about their authorizing statutes , legislative authority and possible legal opinions before they can trade financial . So if they want to trade financial , get me a name and phone number , probably of one of their lawyers and we'll have to talk to them .
We have a new paralegal starting in our group today , Stephanie Panus . Can you get her full access to the Financial Trading Agreement Database . Thanks !
Tanya forwarded the attached confirm on to me . Are we supposed to have that weather rep also in confirmations when we trade under a master ?
Below are the international lawyers who need to be notified of form changes . Notify them only when forms are completed ( not as they might be evolving) . Also , they should be using the swap forms in the attorney bank , so they need to know where they are located . Justin Boyd , London Edmund Cooper , London Mark Elliott , London Paul Simons , London Peter Keohane , Calgary Martin Rosell , Oslo Matthis Lee , Singapore David Minns , Australia John Viverito , Japan
I thought this was what we were already doing . Sara , Mark , wasn't that your understanding ?
We have received the executed Confidentiality Agreement with the referenced counterparty dated as of August 1 , 2000 . A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels for the files .
Can you handle this ?
And here I thought you were inviting me to a barbecue !
Thanks Edmund . You're the best !
Attached is the referenced list . Please note the following: James Hardie N.V . is a Netherlands counterparty . They can enter into swap transactions only , no options . As we expand the product list , we will have to note this . Societe Industrielle de Transports Automobile: I have them shut down for now until I speak to the London office tomorrow about bankruptcy/setoff issues in France .
What do you mean "Happy Hour"? ! How can we be happy when we're losing our Erica! !
I looked in the Lotus Notes database , and I didn't see anything about this . Unless Susan is working on this , I know nothing.. .
The Assignment and Amendment to the Assignment was faxed to Vangie McGilloway and the orginals are being fedexed to her tonight . A copy is being sent to Tracy .
We have received the executed Second Amendment to the ISDA Master Agreement dated as of July 31 , 2000 . This amendment changes the Counterparty's exposure Threshold and exempts certain Transactions when calculating "Exposure" under Paragraph 3 of the ISDA Credit Support Annex . Copies will be distributed .
What is this attached list ? Have I seen it before ?
Attached is my list where I approved this initial counterparties . Whew...!! ! As you can see , I opened National Gypsum w/o restrictions . I have a database where I keep track of my approvals , unfortunately , the computer people are really busy and can't add my drop downs for pulp and paper approvals until late this week/early next week . After reviewing thousands of online counterparties , I can't keep track of what I'm telling people without my systems in place !
With respect to he Bakersfield Californian on the list below , I am amending my original approval for this counterparty to approve them to enter into newsprint swaps and options only . At this time our list does not reflect the individual products you are trading . I understand from Mark Taylor that he spoke to Jeff Harbert last night about amending your excel spreadsheet to add the individual pulp and paper financial products , since restrictions such as this one will occur from time to time .
At Mark Taylor's direction , I have revised the Bilateral Confidentiality Agreement form to add a new Paragraph 2 with respect to keeping the discussions confidential . A copy is attached for your files .
Attached are the referenced lists . A few things to note: On the 8/7/00 List: Papier Masson , LTEE can transact all pulp and papers swaps , but not options ( when we have them) . On the 8/8/00 List: Globe Building Materials , Inc . has been shut down from trading financial since they are currently not an eligible swap participant ( "ESP" ) in their own right . However , getting a letter of credit in place would make them an ESP , and Credit has requested a letter of credit from them . As soon as they receive the LC , Credit will pass the counterparty through again for
On the referenced list , Credit shows River Trading Company as an amended counterparty , but I didn't have them at all so I treated them like a new counterparty . On the 8/8/00 List , Braintree is a division , and I would like it to read: City of Braintree , Massachusetts Electric Light Department . the name on Spinnaker is wrong , Credit will be correcting it to read Spinnaker Exploration Company L.L.C .
I just wanted to confirm that your records show the referenced counterparty closed for power... ?
With the forms relocation , forms list.doc needs to be revised to reflect their new location .
I have gotten a phone call from Hydro-Quebec checking on the status of this . Can we expect a credit worksheet for an ISDA comparison ?
In the future , if we have a city or a county come through , we need to identify the state they are located in as part of the counterparty name . The City of Huntsville is an example where I took it to be the the City of Huntsville , TX , and , per my conversation with Tom today , it appears they are the City of Huntsville , AL . This isn't going to be a problem with my financial approval , since I shut down all cities for financial unless we have a master in place , but it might be a problem for power . The same would apply to counties . So , if we get cities and counties in , let's try and make the state part of the counterparty name . Leslie , do you have any problem w/Huntsville , let me know ?
Attached is the referenced list . Please see the change for power on Turlock . I will be out of the office Friday and Monday .
Just a followup , Stephanie needs full access ASAP . Can you let her know when her access is granted . Thanks !
We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated July 27 , 2000 amending the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty . Copies will be distributed .
I have redone the attached list to open up Equitable for everything but physical power .
No , the City of Huntsville is not approved for financial trading or physical power . FYI< with the US based customer list ( online and offline) , we will never approve a governmental entity for financial trading unless we have a master in place , or time to do some due diligence on their authority to enter into financial transactions .
I do believe if I got just one more vote for the Chairman's Award this year , I just might double my tally of last year ( one vote) . With such an increase in my voter approval rating I just make have a landslide victory this year ! The White House may become an option.. .
I just got in from Aspen . This Sunday looks good for me for Carol's birthday . Is Holly going , she might like to... ? In terms of a townhome , I think that would be nice , also Garden Oaks . It seems like you are kinda all over the place , though , and you might want to be careful making "emotional" home buying decisions.. . As far as not hearing back from Enron . I wouldn't think anything of it . They told me they absolutely wanted me and then I didn't hear back from them for two months . Big companies have lots of layers to get anything done . Just keep plugging on.. .
I should have realized Anthony was bucking for the Chairman's Award ! If I had known that...!! !
Heard anything on that amendment to the ISDA ?
Thanks !
Holly would be a good one to invite . She and Carol are real good friends . Lucinda really doesn't know Carol all that well , so I think I'd skip her . Holly's work # is ( 281 ) 364-5207 .
No response yet . I have a call into Credit to discuss what entities we want to trade with .
We have received the executed First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of July 5 , 2000 . This amendment changes the Material Adverse Change Clause in the Agreement . Copies will be distributed .
FYI , executed master distribution list .
We have received the following executed documents: Consent to Assignment dated as of June 12 , 2000 between Merchant Energy Group of the Americas , Inc . ( "MEGA" ) and ENA , wherein MEGA assigned to Morgan Stanley Capital Group , Inc . its interest in certain financial transactions it had entered into with ENA; and Amendment to Consent to Assignment dated as of June 13 , 2000 wherein MEGA , ENA and Morgan Stanley agreed that the Transactions assigned in the above Agreement will be governed by the ISDA Master Agreement between ENA and Morgan Stanley . Copies will be distributed .
Tauton is ok for all products , except for financial products ( it can do power) . David , when I talk about this I am never including credit derivatives unless Credit specifically tells us in their spreadsheet that this is a credit derivatives counterparty .
When you say they are approved , do you mean they are approved for all products , or just Australian products ?
Unbeknownst to me , it had been returned to me and was buried under stacks of papers on my desk . I'll get it out today .
1 . What is the heading styed "Derivatives Trading" ? I think that should be "Credit Derivatives" . 2 . Move "Gas Trading" and "Emerging Markets Trading" to the end of the list , since I never have any responses from those groups . 3 . I need you to fix the boxes where I click for approved , "yes" , "yes , with limitations" , or "no" , so I can unclick them if I click them by mistake . 4 . Like we have the sort for Houston or London , I need a sort for "EnronOnline" and "ClickPaper" . I will maintain my approvals for each of those separate online trading databases in the same database . 5 . I need a new category for "Pulp & Paper Financial" . Can you get these done ASAP , since I am sure by now you have gotten your rush from last week done... . As usual , your help is always appreciated !
Nella Cappalleto has early retired from the Calgary office . In your distribution memos for signed documents , copies of Canadian agreements were previously sent to Nella . Please send them to Peter Keohane's new assistant , Sharon Crawford .
Do you know who is this fellow and why is he sending me a list ?
Mike , Checking on the status of getting Stephanie Panus , a new paralegal in our Group , full edit access to the referenced database . Also , we need to get some additional people full edit access: Matt Dawson , who just started in London Legal , and David Minns , a lawyer in our Australia office . Can you let me and each of these people know when they have access . Thanks !
Camille , you're not waiting on anything from me to resolve the "Bakersfield Californian Issue" , are you ?
With respect to the attached list , a few things: 1 . With respect to Dynegy Power Marketing , my records reflect that they are approved for all products ( including financial & power) . Can you let me know if your approvals reflect otherwise ? 2 . With respect to Nicor Gas Company and Northern Illinois Gas Company: Northern Illinois Gas Company should be restyled to be "Northern Illinois Gas Company d/b/a Nicor Gas Company" . We have just received the executed ISDA Master with this entity and that is how the counterparty directed us to set the master up . Nicor Gas Company appears to be their physical gas trading arm , so that entity name should be left alone . I haven't forgotten the 8/11/00 list , I am waiting to hear back from Australia about a question .
Do you want to be on the distribution to see the daily Excel Spreadsheets when they have Japanese counterparties for approval ? For online , what I daily do is send my new counterparty lists to each of the relevant trading legal groups . Each of the legal trading groups has one day to respond or I will consider their products approved for the counterparties on that day's list . I have been giving the approvals for Japanese counterparties . Currently , I am approving them for all products ( with the only restriction being on bandwidth , where they can only trade the US segment , which happens to be the only bandwidth products we have opened online so far!) . I understand that when we offer Japanese based products the approval process may get more complex . Saying all that , do you want to be on the list for the daily approvals , or do you want me to continue to respond for Japan w/o running it by you ?
Can you put this on my calendar . Thanks .
Each legal trading group here in Houston checks on a relevant counterparty's ability to trade its products . So far the only physical trading area where a governmental counterparty appears to have problems is the power trading group where there are licensing requirements that may or may not have been obtained to trade power . For financial trading we do have to inquire into the relevant governmental entities' authority to enter into derivative transactions . In order to do that we look at statutory authority , any relevant local regulations , investment policities , etc. , in addition to obtaining legal opinions on the subject , and with some counterparties hiring outside counsel to advise us . For most governmental entities if we do not have an ISDA Master in place and have already done such due diligence , I will not be approving them to trade financial products . As far as the financial test , for the US based counterparty list , I check with Credit on every counterparty to determine whether they meet the US eligible swap participant standards . As I'm sure you know , for most plain vanilla corporates and partnerships this means having total assets of $10mm or a net worth of $1mm . Pretty much , if I am turning down a counterparty to trade financial it will be because they do not meet the ESP test or they are a governmental or quasi-governmental entity . If what you are telling me is that the Australian counterparties have to meet a $6mm asset test to trade any products , then I will add this to my daily inquiry to Credit and turn down Australian counterparties if they do not meet this test . At your direction I will handle this in this manner . How would you like me to proceed ?
Justin , I approved Powercor to trade before I left last night . By copy of this email to our online team here , I will be notifying them of your concern that this counterparty is opened to trade when you arrive at work today in Australia .
John , Here is the list from yesterday . On a going forward basis I will just add you to my distribution , and there will usually be no message from me unless we have a RUSH approval or some other info I need to communicate .
The online team called and they would like a rush approval for Duke Energy Merchants LLC . In particular , this counterparty would like to trade European physical coal . Please let me know as soon as possible whether you have any problems with this counterparty .
No problema !
David , Mark Taylor asked me to talk to you about getting your ISDA Masters inputted into our Financial Trading Database . This databse is the central master database where we keep records of the financial agreements in either draft form or that have been executed . London currently updates this database to manage its ( and Singapore's ) financial contracts and I would like to get the Australian agreements plugged into the system . This database serves a number of purposes . First , it is our core memory of contract negotiations . Anyone in Legal and Credit around the world can take a look at this database and determine who we have entered into contract with and what negotiation issues may be at issue . It is critical as we become a global trading company that we are consistent in the legal positions we take on these financial contracts . For instance , it would be quite problematic if someone in Houston was negotiating a contract with an ISDA counterparty and asserted that a certain position was critical , if we find out a lawyer in another office was negotiating with the same counterparty and gave on the same position the day before . We need to make a somewhat coordinated effort on the counterparty front . In addition , with so many masters and so many counterparties there is just no way to keep track of what we have said or done unless we have a database . Further , we use the information in the database to respond to inside auditing , reporting and insurance inquiries . For online trading , I check the database to see if we have a financial master agreement and what trading restrictions we may or may not have in place . Global contracts uses this database to confirm their financial contract records and approval for online trading . For both Houston and London we use the database to communicate with our Clients , whether traders or back office support people . Employees outside legal have limited view access only to see all the information except the confidential Legal and Credit comments . They have no edit capabilities . The database also has some reporting functions that we and London Legal have found helpful . You should have gotten my email to Mike Neves , out database coordinator requesting full edit access for you . It usually takes a few days . Once you get access maybe you could find some time to surf the database , and we can figure out how to get your ISDA data inputted. . Are you coming to the ENA Legal Conference in October ? That would be a good time for me to do a full review of this database with you .
I heard back from the coal lawyers . Duke is approved to trade all coal .
Mark Taylor just heard that Edmund is very sick and has been out for quite awhile . What's the scoop ? Is he in the hospital , will he continue to be out , is there someplace we can send flowers ? Can you let me know what's going on . Thanks !
Per my conversation with Frank , this counterparty wants to trade weather online . However , they have the old style ERMS Master in place which only covers energy commodities . I spoke to Scott Tackett on the Confirm Desk , and he is going to add language to the confirm that puts the trades under the master agreement . I also spoke to Tanya Rohauer in Credit and she is going to move this counterparty up on the list for an ISDA replacement master . So , they are OK to open for weather .
Can you please have the Password Application amended to set up the counterparty as I have indicated . Then tell Global Contracts it is done .
Per Leslie Hansen , the name above is the way the Town of Braintree , Massachusetts is setting up their power contract , so this is the way we should open them up for EOL .
I have already responded in my initial email . For whatever reason , the counterparty trades physical gas as "Nicor Gas Company" . They trade financial as indicated below . It is now up to EOL to get back with the counterparty and get them to amend the Password Applcation .
We have received the First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of July 1 , 2000 ( "Amendment") . This Amendment ( 1 ) amends Counterparty's Threshold under the Credit Suport Annex , ( 2 ) exempts certain Transactions when determining "Exposure" under the ISDA Master Agreement , and ( 3 ) changes the Fixed Price with respect to the "Exempt Transactions" reflected in the Amendment . Copies will be distributed .
There appears to be confusion over who and what products we should be trading with these entities . We have an ISDA Master Agreement in place with Northern Illinois Gas Company d/b/a Nicor Gas Company . This is a new master . If the counterparty is not set up this way it need to be . Physical gas has a master in place with Northern Illinois Gas Company . There is no master agreement in place with Nicor Gas Company and the only trading being done with this entity is online gas trading . The issue that needs to be resolved is whether we want to trade gas under both Northern Illinois Gas Company and Nicor Gas Company . Frank Davis will resolve this issue with Tom Moran in Credit and Stacy Dickson with physical gas Legal , and they will let us know who we should be trading with . When we hear back from them we can finally resolve what counterparty names we want to set up and get back to the counterparty if we have not received the correct Password Application to match out intended trading partners . Sorry for all the confusion this is causing . I am confused too .
I approved this counterparty with US EOL this morning to trade all coal including European coal .
Edmund , I heard yesterday you have been out for quite a while sick . I had no idea . What's the scoop ? Should I be worried ?
Per the email below , it appears to me physical gas should be traded only under Nicor Gas Company and financial through the dba . Do you agree ?
I had a hernia two years ago . It's not fun . Mine didn't sound as bad as your does , though . You haven't been having a good year . I hope things improve .
It is not clear to me what Braintree's should remain open . Will we shut down this Town of Braintree and only keep open Braintree Electric Light Department ?
Is this OK with you for yur financial agreement ?
Doug , I'm passing this on to Mark Taylor for review .
In addition to granting full edit access to David Minns in our Australia office , he has also required that Alison Keogh and Rob McGrory in his office be granted access . Can you let them know when they have full edit capability . Thanks
I think if once you get full access you could have your assistant plug in the required data for on each ISDA Master in place or draft you have out to counterparties . When you come here I would like to spend just a little time going over some of the data and the reporting funtions . I am going to open an Enron counterparty called short name "Enron Australia" and that should be the code name you should use . Please do not change the entries on any of the Houston or London based counterparties .
All my students are doing so well ! I'm just so proud ( sniff , sniff..) ! cc: Subject: Organisational Announcement Interesting .
He's a bum !
Per our conversation , I am attaching a proposed form of Unanimous Consent of the Board of Directors of Brant-Allen Industries , Inc . ( "Company" ) that would expand the Consent of Directors given to us when we executed the ISDA Master Agreement in 1998 to do more than just the single trade referenced in that resolution . If the enclosed meets with your approval , please have it executed by the directors of the Company and return a copy to me for our files . If you have any questions , please do not hesitate to call me at ( 713 ) In addition , can you confirm one thing for me . There is a note in our file that says documents for the Company require two signatures . I looked at the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws you provided us and find no such signatory requirement . Is this note an error ?
FYI !
I left a message for both Molly and Brad Diebner and neither has returned my calls .
Per your request.. .
I am taking Wedneday p.m . off to deal with furniture deliveries .
Do you know what to do here ?
Per , Did the link work ? If you would like me to go over the information in the database with you give me a call at x33399 .
Call me at 853-3399 if you have any questions .
Is this forever , or just for the week ?
Should I take David off ?
We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated July 31 , 2000 amending the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty . Copies will be distributed .
At Sara's request , attached is a draft of the blackline of the referenced master .
Susan Bailey , the paralegal working on this master , spoke to the Company after receiving these emails . They faxed to her a copy of the assumed name certificate wherein Northern Illinois Gas Company transacts business under the name Nicor Gas Company . Per her conversations they have not changed their name , they are only operating under the assumed name Nicor Gas Company . Being so , the online account would have to be renamed as Northern Illinois Gas company dba Nicor Gas Company . Per my conversation with Stacy Dickson , a physical gas lawyer , they still transact physical gas under their master with Northern Illinois Gas Company . I will have a copy of the assumed name certificate walked down to Adnan . If we are all in agreement after this , it seems like we need two counterparty names "Northern Illinois Gas Company" and "Northern Illinois Gas Company dba Nicor Gas Company" . Upon receipt of the assumed name certificate , please confirm your agreement and I will contact Credit and the Online team .
Attached is a picture of baby Davies . What a cutie ! He is absolutely adorable . What a sweet smile !
Leslie , Theresa Mandola with EOL called and the referenced counterparty called her and is already trading gas with us and would like to start trading power online . I looked in my database and we have them shut down for power . Is this a counterparty we could open up for power or not ?
At the request of Sara Shackleton , I am attaching a clean and blacklined draft of the Schedule and Credit Support Annex to the referenced ISDA Master Agreement . Can you please provide or confirm the following information: ( 1 ) since the Counterparty is Australian , I have added the Counterparty's ACN Number to the document . Can you please provide that number to us . ( 2 ) Can you take a look at the definition of "Obligors" in the Credit Support Annex and let us know if it references the correct Obligors under the Loan Agreement . Since I will not be in the office this afternoon , can you please call Sara at ( 713 ) 853-5620 or Stephanie Panus at ( 713 ) 345-3249 with your comments . Thanks for your attention herewith .
Per my conversation with Leslie , it is OK to open this counterparty for all US physical power .
You both may already by aware of this , but the online team has contacted me and it is their desire to have the Japanese & Australian products also offered out of the U.S . by Enron North America . They would continue to be offered by their current companies , "Enron Australia" and "EnronJapan" , but they want the products sold "24 hours a day" and I guess to do this they would be offered also by Enron North America . Do you see any legal issues from your side with a your Japanese or Australia products being offered by Enron North America too ?
I can't say it enough...you are the best !
Here is that "Umbrella" guaranty we were talking about . Why don't you print it out and then let's go over the changes that need to be made.. .
Did you get the email of the documents I sent you , soon after we spoke ?
Shari , To save you some time in the future , if a counterparty says "declined" on the worksheet , you don't even have to look at it at all , because it means Credit has decided not to trade with them .
I am forwarding a copy of Leslie's email , as a sample for you . I input Leslie's responses in my EOL Legal Database , so I can keep track , product by product , of what we said for a counterparty , and then our rationale behind it , in case we need to reconstruct why we said "no trading" at a later date . If it's an "amended" counterparty , she will tell be whether or not she is changing an earlier approval . Further , I put Leslie's notes about any particular contract issue in the database , like "override letter" , "online GTC" , or whatever . Again , it's our memory of what we approval , and I hope with thousands of approvals out there , I know I can't remember everthing .
I need a quick reply on a ClickPaper counterparty below . If I do not hear from you I will take it that it is OK .
This counterparty looks OK to trade all products right now . We have the ISDA master out for signature .
In connection with the confirm I sent you earlier , I am also attaching a form of fax letter for transmittal of the confirm to the Counterparty .
Attached please find Deemed ISDA Confirmation and Form of Transmittal Fax to Counterparty .
It's time for our regular Friday evening email chat ! Hope your doing well . What's the scoop on your surgery ? I've got a few new products showing up on my list , originating from your neck of the woods . Specifically , we've got MG metals out of Rotterday and Japan . Are there any legal issues for my Houston based customer list , or are they OK for everybody ?
There is no list for 8/21/00 , since the only counterparty was a decline . I've got two metals products shut down on the above lists until I hear back from London .
I just got a phone call from Mike Garred , a commodity trader for New Power Company . He said they were some Enron 50/50 JV . Whatever he needs to trade with us , LC or whatever , he's rearing to go ASAP . He is wondering where his application is in the online process . He is very eager to trade power & gas . His phone no . is 853-3399 . He said his email says he's not in , but leave him a message he's checking them regularly . His Credit person is Steve Nolan , located in Connecticut at 203/531-0400 .
Per our discussion , I am attaching a sample form of ISDA Schedule and Paragraph 13 . They , of course , should be sent to the Counterparty with the ISDA Master Agreement and Credit Support Annex attached .
That job I passed on your resume to in our group , I checked , and they still haven't started interviewing people yet , since Barbara is on vacation dropping her daughter off at college .
The wine tasting sounds great ! I haven't been to one in awhile . It's always good to see Hollis too . Keep me posted.. .
There's a reason why you earned the title of "Favorite Credit Person ( after Bill)"... !
Don't you remember at Sara's party , we were talking to Bill , and telling him how you were our favorite Credit person , and he said , "but I thought I was your favorite Credit person..." , and since he is your boss , it seems quite political ( for both you and me! ) that he is always #1 , anyway...a girl's always got to hedge her bets...! !
It was really good talking to you the other day . You've been on my mind for a while . I hope you can come visit !
I can't believe a girl wouldn't call you back after a date.. .
You crack me up !
Even though it is pretty frequent that this does happen ( 1 out of 25 masters ) I think it would be fine to add this into Library.doc . I am working on a revised draft that I hope to distribute to the group , so if you have anything else you want entered , forward it on to me .
I do not appear to have it .
Oh guru of all things Canadian.. . I'm working on comments to an ISDA that Hydro-Quebec sent us for an affiliate , HQ Energy Services ( U.S. ) Inc. , which is a Delaware corporation . Is there anything special about Hydro-Quebec being the Guarantor , or just the usual considerations having a governmental entity as the guarantor ? By the way , I hope you're coming up for the Legal Conference . There are many problems at Enron that need our help in getting sorted out , those kinds of problems that lots of margaritas seem to bring out ! I'm counting on you !
I'll go for that picking up the cigarettes off the floor thing , it seemed somewhat unsanitary anyway . But if you get so wimpy that you can't survive a drink or two with your buddy down south of the border ( female at that!)...well , we need to toughen you up man ! Repeat after me: "PARTY , PARTY , PARTY!!!"
John , no we do not have an ISDA in place with Wah Chang . Do you want me to pass your request on to Credit ?
My assignment related only to financial transactions . So it would not be power deals .
The list of trades was attached to the assignment . Jeff Sorenson should have a copy down there .
Can you provide Melissa with a copy of the recent assignment we entered into . I think it should already be in the blue file . Thanks .
We can use the Deemed ISDA format I already sent you . And the guarantees ( when we get them ) should work for allfinancial transactions .
Melissa , We've got a counterparty with a draft of a master where the counterparty has the rounding conventing for kilowatts at 6 decimal points . Is that our standard convention ? Thanks for your help ! P.S . I have passed your request for a copy of that assignment to my assistant Taffy Milligan . She can get you copies of any documents in the future .
We've got a draft master with the following rounding conventions: Short tons: zero decimals Temperatures: zero decimals US Dollar Amounts: to the nearest cent Do you know whether those are our standard rounding conventions ? P.S . Do you get a invite to our favorite email person's political
I've been trying to get Clickpaper to expand their product approval list to match the products they offer...maybe your request will help !
Thanks for your help anyway . I'll just cross out kilowatts , they already had megawatts in there .
I live to corrupt young , unsuspecting lawyers.. .
I have two Australian counterparties on the referenced list , State Electricity Commission of Victoria and Straits Resources Limited , and I haven't heard from you , and I need to get that list out . When you send your approval , can you be specific as to whether they are approval for Australian products only , or all products . Thanks !
Are they approval for ALL products , or only Australian products ?
I just had this conv . w/Mark and Marcus Nettleton today about parties acting as agent , or in some fiduciary capacity online . What I am being told is that the system is set up for parties to only act as principals for online trading . It does not deal with agent , fiduciary or similar relationships . The only exception to this rule so far has been GPU where they had an agency relationship with 3 utilities , on the power side , where Leslie had some specific documentation that she got signed . But I am told should not be entering into transactions with counterparties as anything other than principals , except under extraordinary circumstances .
It looks like you will need to get whatever documentation Leslie had sign for those in place with these . I know she has this problem with the service companies to the utilities .
Attached is a revision to the list I just sent you , revised to reflect that the last two Australian counterparties can only trade the Australian products Credit listed .
Can you fix this on my calendar ? Thanks !
Just a heads up: I am sending up an ISDA Master tonight between ECC and Duke Energy Marketing Limited Partnership for signature of a Canadian officer . Yours ever ,
I have an eye dr . appt . tomorrow at 3:00 . I'll have to leave a little early .
Attached please find the referenced Annex B and copy of transmittal fax .
At Mark Taylor's request , I am attaching Leslie Hansen's form of override letter when a GTC will "override" the master agreement for online transactions . How are you doing Justy ?
Raquel Guzman , the lawyer for the referenced counterparty called again , and she is going on vacation next week and wants to get that ETA finalized so they can start trading when she's out . She seems to feel the way the ETA is written that they are responsible for all unauthorized use of the password , including hackers into the system , and wants the language limited to use caused by their fault or negligence . Can you call her at 215/684-6630 . Thanks .
Camille Gerard .
Per the emails below , it appears you are looking for the Legal and Privacy Statement . Mark T . said Leslie just revised it for the online team . Leslie is on vacation until the 9th , but I think attached below may be the latest draft . It is located in her "Online" subdirectory , under "Phase 2" .
Rhonda , Can you provide me with the Agency Agreement or other documentation you may have received with respect to this agency relationship . Thanks !
With respect to the referenced List: 1 . Ameren Services Company-OK to shut down powe & SO2 , as per Credit's direction 2 . Oglethorpe Power Corporation-they are specifically being opened to trade power , however , our records do not show them as having a FERC license . If they really want to trade power we are going to need a name and phone # to contact them & get evidence of their FERC license . 3 . Ameren Energy , Inc.-we cannot currently open them up until we investigate more this agency thing . It doesn't mean we're shutting them down forever , we just need more info .
I must have missed your promotion . Congratulations ! Atttached is the certificate so you do not have to retype it .
Where are y'll moving to ?
I originally had the referenced counterparty opened for power . Are we sure it is not a FERC approved marketer ?
On the attached list , Alliant Energy Corporation is coming back thru to be opened for East power , and the power lawyers are telling me they don't have a FERC license . If they really want to trade power I will need a name and phone number so our power lawyers can talk to them .
Then , I'll stick with what I told the EOL team . If they really want to trade power they will have to get us a contact and we'll talk to them to see why they think they can trade power . Otherwise , it stays as a "no" .
Just a head's up . Dave finally got the amendment to the ETA signed , so I am fedexing it out to the counterparty today .
Per my conv . w/Sandy Steffen w/the referenced counterparty ( ph: POWER: It appears they would like to trade many of the East Coast power contracts . She isn't sure whether the Purchase and Sale Agreement they have in place with us would cover East Coast power , and whether it would cover firm and non-firm power . Also , she was wondering whether we trade power transmission ( I had no idea , silly me) . Further , even if we have a master in place with them , I don't know whether we would want to transact under it or under a GTC . My records show they have come thru before through EOL and Legal shut down for power ( Credit has them open) . EMISSIONS: They would also like to transact SO2 , and want to get a master in place with us . I told her I would have one of the emissions lawyers talk to her ( they are already open w/Legal & Credit to trade emissions) . MASTER USER CHANGE: She already has a password set up with us and would like to change the master user .
When you're done with that agreement can you pass it back to me for the file . Thanks .
I keep trying to email them , but it won't go thru . Maybe this time.. .
We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated 8/2/00 amending the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty . Copies will be distributed .
With respect to Ameren Services Company , my notes say I originally had them for power buys ONLY , so I just want to make sure that my "amended-no change" still reads power the same way .
Bill Bradford called this morning and wants to put Duetsche Bank on the front burner . He has been speaking to them and wants to set up a conference call later this week to resolve the remaining issues . It appears that Carol was working on this master . Bill wants to know what lawyer will be picking this up , hopefully sometime this morning , so he can set up the conference call . If you let me know who can work on it I'll track down the file for you.. .
The icon below should get you in to the database .
Thanks Scott !
We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated August 4 , 2000 amending the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty . Copies will be distributed .
Shari , I've got them shut down for power . They were one of the counterparty's on the initial approval lists . The online team tells me we are trading power with them off line , so what's the scoop ? Can they trade power ?
Travis , The lastest trading/online memo is in my subdirectory ,
Are you shutting down their trading today ?
I am going to have to leave a skooch early on Friday , at 4 pm .
I looked in our financial agreement database and ECTRIC does not have a master in place with either of those entities . London Legal sent a draft to Credit Lyonnais in March of 1999 , but there appears to be no activity under that master . Credit Lyonnais has a master styled "Credit Lyonnais New York Branch ( AAA Program ) with Enron North America , under which we trade interest rate , currencies & equities , and Toronto Dominion has master in place with Enron North America and one with Enron Gas and Petrochemicals Trading Limited , an English corp. , and a subsidiary of ECTRIC ( however , I do not have a copy and do not know if this is a limited purpose master or not) , but nothing for either of these entities under ECTRIC . I hope this is helpful . Let me know if I can be of further service
I knew it was Canadian and started with a "T" . Am I good or what!? ! When you get to be my age you'll have no memory left . Sure wish you were down here enjoying these 109+ degree days with us . It'll make you appreciate Calgary in Winter .
I just wanted to let you know I haven't forgotten you . My usual source for getting the ETA's is out , and I'm trying to track down someone else who can send them to me.. .
Any updates on Louisville Gas & Electric and LCRA ?
Can I attend ?
Have you heard anything back from Gas Natural with respect to getting their signed guarantees on the Comercializadora Metrogas and Gas Natural Mexico trades ? I've been holding my Enron Guarantees as leverage in getting theirs . We are at the period in the confirms where we need to exchange guarantees.. .
When you get back in we need to talk about this cpy . My records had them shut down for power , they called about contract issue and wanting to trade in all products areas , and speaking to Shari and checking your notes , you had them as open . Since they haven't traded power yet , I had Frank shut them down until I confirm with you they're OK and under what contracts . Talk to you when you get back.. .
Tana Jones -XL
FYI
John , Sorry about taking so long to get back to you on this . Re: sample master agreements...we recently had a group meeting where we were discouraged to send out sample masters . What appears to be happening is that a customer gets a sample master w/no credit , and then when we finally send them a real master w/credit , they are somewhat hacked off because the end up being incredibly longer once credit is added . If possible , can we not talk to Credit about sending them a real master ? Let me know your thinking.. .
I just got another call from Sandy Steffen , and she would like , if possible , to resolve any contract issues with have with each of the product groups , so they can be set up to trade by tomorrow . She also expressed an interest espectially today in NATURAL GAS . After talking to her can you let me know under what contract and/or limitations they can trade . Thanks It appears she has only heard back from the online team
Taffy , I just spoke to Marie and she needs a set . Also , take Susan Flynn and Jason Peters off your distribution .
Per my conversations with Mark Taylor , we should continue to put any weather trades done online under any relevant master agreement with the counterparty . Further , there is no prohibition against doing a trade online with a counterparty when we do not have a master in place . Any non-master trades would go under the respective GTC . It appears to be only a coincidence that we are trading online only with counterparties we have masters in place with .
Where did Souad go ?
The 12 month restriction isn't coming from Legal , it's coming from Credit . You need to contact Tom Moran .
I checked the Corporate Database and it's not listed at all . Maybe Brad knows.. .
Per Credit , Charlie Hoang on the Confirm Desk needs an Enron Corp . guaranty of the attached physical pulp & paper deal . I told Credit that your group handles physical P&P .
Can you please send a copy of the executed master and any amendments thereto to David Dupre on the Confirm Desk . Thanks ! ( watch out , there are 2 David Dupres! )
Yes , to North America , Australia and Japan .
With respect to the referenced list , my instructions from power was to shut down Louisville Gas and Electric Company and Lower Colorado River Authority from both execute and view status for power . With respect to Lower Colorado River Authority and bandwidth , I spoke to the Broadband team , and they haven't considered the governmental angle with respect to bandwidth , so they are running it by outside counsel ( who happens to be in Singapore this week) , and will get back to me . So until I hear otherwise , I am shutting them down for bandwidth .
Yes , I've prepared the assignment , I am just waiting for the lawyer to sign off on it .
Andrea Hauser w/EnronOnline called and said that Marathon has a problem with the terms of the online GTC's ( default language ) for LPG , petrochems , and refined products and would like to talk to one of our lawyers . Marathon's lawyer is Rhonda Stinemyer and her # is 713/296-2408 . Can you let Andrea know who will be handling this . Thanks .
Sure !
Please note new products . Let me know if you have any issues or concerns with any of these .
I'm getting ready right now to fax it over to Meg .
At the request of Sara , I am attaching the ETA . I am also sending the PA , just in case.. .
I just got a call from Kevin Meredith on the Confirm Desk and it appears that the referenced internal entities have done a trade yesterday and have done other trades in the past and we need to get a master in place . Can you send us up some credit . Much thanks .
Per emails below , Mike Robison , attorney ( x36667 ) and Nony Flores , Paralegal ( x37541 ) will handle .
Thanks for your help !
Mary Lynne , These notices will be coming by email on a going forward basis .
Will alan handle this ?
It's back dated to the oldest outstanding trade with the counterparty .
Point well taken !
Why , I do believe the three Tudor deals gets us to 451 !
Mea culpa , mea culpa , mea maxima culpa... ! We were in the process of revising our form , so I just have to draft up an Canadian version of the sample ISDA master and get yoou a draft . I'll try and get to it the next day or two .
I could not believe my ears when I heard from Ms . Heard that you are working covertly behind the scenes to ensure a Broadband win to the signed master competition . I would think that Credit would have no biased interest in the outcome of this race . Could such slanderous allegations be true ?
Upon further reflection of the undue influence you have attempted in the past and are currently attempting ( need we forget you trying to get Bob Crane not to sign my agreements!) , it seems like you have a lack of confidence in your abilities and are therefore unable to run a clean race !
Per our conversation yesterday , we would like to open the "Other Agreements" information in the Financial Trading Agreement Database to members of the Interest Rate and Currency Desk . If possible , we would also like them to see the comments screen . The people who will need access are Laurel Adams , George Garcia , Sheila Glover , Kelly Templeton , Teresa Brogan . As usual , we would like to get them access ASAP . Can you keep me posted on their access . Thanks !
Here is a picture of Alicia's baby . It really is a pretty baby !
Attached is the referenced list . No problems with this counterparty .
Per attached email from Leslie , can you open this counterparty up for all power . Thanks !
Did I mention Andrea Calo in Argentina needs a set ?
Need to know the scoop on City of Roseville and Puget Sound.. .
Joe , I got a call from the Coral people that a corrected confirm had already been sent to them PRIOR to us getting them to sign the consent to assignment of the trade . I'm sure whoever prepared it on the confirm desk didn't know I was working on this , but I told the Coral people I still needed the assignment back signed to keep our paperwork straight . Even tho I hate to have to do the additional work , with these EOL trades , there is no "oops" trade . Once we enter into the trade with 1 entity of a counterparty , we cannot just "move" the trade . We need the consent of the assignor and assignee so there is not question later on down the line that the trade was not legally moved . If eveyone on your team is not aware of this , can you mention it at your next group meeting...thanks !
I'm working on my backlog of lists . I thought I'd send thru a few so you could get started .
HS Energy Services is relying on a parent guaranty to be able to meet the ESP criteria . It does not meet the financial test on its own . However , we have approved them to trade financial and have an ISDA Master in place . Should I shut them down for the Australia products ?
On the 9/11/00 list , Credit wants to open Ontario Power to trade financial power , but I cannot until we speak to Canadian outside counsel . They are part of the split up of Ontario Hydro , which was the Province of Ontario , and obviously , a governmental , before the split up . They are still a wholly owned sub of a governmental and we cannot open them up until we talk to outside counsel about the governmental issues . I have a call into Canadian counsel right now . Also , on the 9/8/00 list , Sempra Energy Solution called me to find out when they could trade , so if you could open them up pronto.. .
Joe , Attached is the termination revised w/Mary's changes . Give me a call about one change .
Per the request of Stephanie Sever , I am attaching a list responding to her request to confirm the attached counterparties ability to trade financial power products online . Stephanie , the ones I said "OK to open" you will need to go in and open for financial power ( from Legal only) . Call me if you have any questions about specific counterparties .
Who is going to take over this master from Rod ? They send it in comments and are calling for a response .
You are the woman !
Per instructions from Davis Minns in Australia , I have to shut down HS Energy Services from trading Australian power ( not that they are going to!) . I am attaching an amended spreadsheet .
Attached is a resend of the Deemed ISDA that Stepahnie sent to Diane Anderson
Are you or Sara going to work on this ?
Clem called wanting to speak to someone about the guaranty issue . Who should I direct him to ?
Per our conversation , attached is the form of confirmation we use when we adopt by reference the preprinted form of ISDA Agreement into a form of confirmation .
Fred wanted to get this draft out today , so I had to get it back from Mary and get Robert Bruce to review it , then sent it out .
At the request of Sara Shackleton , I am enclosing a redlined draft of the guaranty . Please let me ( 713/853-3399 ) or Sara ( 713/853-5620 ) know if this change meets with your approval . Further , I am in the process of drafting the Enron Corp . Guaranty with respect to ECT Investments , Inc . and hope to have it to you shortly .
Attached is termination revised with Mary's changes . Per Mary's conv . w/Fred , if the Counterparty failed to make payments hereunder , the contract would not be void ab initio , but instead , any payments to the counterparty would be offset against any amounts owing to us .
Mike , Jason Peters , who was a lawyer seconded with us from Andrews & Kurth , has now gone back to A&K , but is still doing some work for us . Is there some way for us to get him access to the Financial Trading Agreement database ? He is a lawyer , and is bound by client confidentiality with respect to all the information in the database , so I don't think we need to worry about granting him security access . Can we get him access ?
I should be available anytime this week , with the caveat , we have a big deal we're trying to close by Friday , and it could heat up at any moment . How about tomorrow at 1:00 pm ?
I have a meeting at 2:00pm . How about 11:00 am ?
Does any of the below work for you ?
Let's say 2:30 pm tomorrow and hope for the best !
As we spoke I got scheduled for a 2:30 too , so how about 3:30 tomorrow ?
Mike , How can these people access the database ?
I need the following 3 files 1st thing: Wabash Valley Power Association , Inc . Ontario Power Generation Royal Bank of Canada/Enron Canada Corp . Thanks !
Online would like to open this counterparty immediately for trading . Can you let me know ASAP whether you have any legal issues with them . Thanks .
Per our conv . earlier , attached is our standard form of Enron Corp . Guaranty .
The above counterparty is approved to trade all products .
Attached are the two ISDA's .
We have been pressured by the online team to open up all counterparties to trade financial unless we have a LEGAL reason not to trade with them . With both those counterparties , you are correct , it is the companies' intention and direction that we trade financial with those entities , but still for online I have to say "yes" unless I have a "legal" reason to say "no" .
All of the counterparties on today's list are ESP's , so I will approve them for all financial products . If the aren't ESP's I would not approve them for financial products including Australian financial products . Further , if they cannot meet the ESP test on their own , i.e. , they are relying on a parent guaranty or a letter of credit to make them an ESP , I would approve them for all financial products , except Australian power ( but they could trade weather per our earlier emails) .
I was just about to call you when I got your email . Holly called and she has a table to fill at an awards banquet ( some women's professional group or something ) and wants to know if you want to join us . A bunch of her girlfriends are going , me , Lucinda , I think Carol....anyway , it's Saturday night at 7:00 pm . She said it should be really boring ( so I put it on my calendar as "boring awards banquet") , but with all the girls at one table we'll misbehave and have fun . I hope you can join us . Let me know and I'll reserve you a spot w/Holly . The thing on your house and townhome sounds exciting . When can I see it? !
I'm having a little online brain drain today...am I correct in my thinking that all these "spreads" are financial... ?
Can you provide Stephanie Sever with the Online team view access to the referenced database . Can you let us know when the access has been granted . Thanks !
This list is all amended counterparties , most of them being opened up for financial power . My records reflect that all of them were already open for financial products , except the three I have marked . If you run across any others that you show as not being open for financial , let me know , because all of the counterparties on this list are ok for financial .
Also , on this list , my records reflect that Superior Natural Gas Corporation was shut down for physical power . If you records do not reflect the same , can you shut them down...thanks !
I don't know about you , but I LOVE lists with only one counterparty to approve , how about you?! !
I have a database where I maintain my online approval , and my the basis for my approvals/declines . If you want to review counterparties we have previously approved/disapproved and why , or want to go in and to see what I approved on a specific counterparty , this would be the place to go . Would you like me to get you access ?
Well , I do believe this makes 450 ! A nice round number if I do say so myself !
At a ratio of 10:1 , you should have your 4th one signed and have the fifth one on the way.. .
It seems like it should be more , but I have review over 1300 counterparties for online trading .
Straight and to the point !
We have received a proposed assignment from PPL Corporation to PPL Energy Plus , LLC wherein they would like to assign their financial transactions ( two) , any guaranty relating thereto ( do we have one covering financial?) , and any master agreement ( we have no financial agreement with them) . Is this OK with Credit ? I am having a copy of the assignment walked down to you . If someone else is going to approve this , let me know .
I left Bill Ernstaft a message . Hopefully I'll hear back from him after lunch .
As usual , you are the best !
We have received the executed Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated as of 9/1/00 wherein Coral Energy Resources , L.P . assigned to Coral Energy Holding , L.P . an "oops" EOL trade # 40063 it did under the wrong password . A copy will be sent to Jeff Sorenson .
That job is with Bob Williams , the litigation attorney for our international company . Bob is a great guy , probably one of the funniest people I have ever known . It also might be a good job for you because he promoted his last administrative assistant to paralegal .
comments to the swap docuemnts
Paul , I just spoke to Brent Hendry who worked on the Bermuda law advice , and he said he sent you the name of counsel . I will also sent to you tonight a copy of the advice we just got with respect to derivative transactions and online transactions .
Too late , already sent it .
I would love to have the plants as long as they can take direct sun...can they ? Did you see on the news last night that they arrested 44 people for participating in that pyramid scheme you were telling me about ? There's an article about it in the KHOU TV website .
At the request of Sara Shackleton , I am attaching our current from of ISDA Schedule for governmental entities and our sample form of legal opinion for such entities . With respect to NYPA , we do have a copy of an authorization to hedge approved by the Board of Trustees of NYPA that they faxed us a year ago and I will fax a copy of it over to you shortly .
We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated 8/23/00 amending the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced Counterparty . Copies will be distributed .
FUNB sits stalled on my desk waiting for me to have time to work on it . We are in the miiddle of a rush with Financial Power counterparties in need immediate assistance ( many of them govt'ls which are demanding my attention ) and structured financing w/swaps in the middle and I'm just putting out fires . That master is really not a priority at all for ENA , and it is only Enron.Credit.com wanting to mirror it that is giving it any priority . What is your proposed timing for a deal on that one ?
It isn't clear to me whether you are on for this banquet tomorrow so I can RSVP to Holly !
Per my conversation this morning with the lawyer at NYPA , they would like to transact business on a going forward basis under the attached form of what we consider an "ISDA Confirmation" ( it seemed to me their lawyer thought this document was a sufficient ISDA Master) . Sara has a call into him to get his thoughts about this document Per my conversations w/Sara , we would like to get our standard governmental form of ISDA Master in place . We wonder what your thoughts are on his document . Further , he seemed quite firm that they would not be issuing a legal opinion , but would give us a certified copy of the resolution I am about to fax to you . We look forward to getting your comments .
I was a little dismayed after our lunch when you disclosed the number of broadband masters potentially close to signature . However , I was a little cheered up when I got back and checked with the Swap Group and found out we have 13 masters out for signatures right now . It still may be hard to beat you at your going rate...but , all I have to say is we're still in the game...GO TEAM!! !
FYI , I will be preparing this assignment for signature .
On the list for 9/19/00: 1 . On the counterparty styled "United States Department of Interior" only , Leslie is not permitting them to trade power , however , she will give them read access . 2 . Public Service Electric & Gas Co . - My notes show I already opened them for financial power On the list for 9/21/00: I am OK for shutting Aquila Energy Marketing Corporation down for financial , since they are now trading financial out of Utilicorp . However , I didn't want to put "X's" in all those darn boxes , so I hope by my note only it will do the job . I am also preparing an assignment of the online trades that I will send to the Confirm Desk when it is executed .
I have forwarded your email on to Mary Cook , she is actually the attorney working on the transaction . I am a paralegal . Her direct number is
You're welcome .
At the request of Sara Shackleton , I am enclosing clean and blacklined drafts of each of the Bow River Trust and Royal Bank of Canada ISDA Schedules .
Leslie Hansen asked me to forward to you our draft list of Legal contacts for online trading issues , and see if there is anyone you deal with on a regular basis that I may not know of that we need to add to the list .
I hope you're OK? ! You probably don't remember ( especially after getting hit by that polo ball!) , but Barclays is one you negotiated on your secondment here oh so many years ago . It's always good to hear from you.. .
Obviously , you haven't lost your touch !
Just a note to let you know that per my conversation with Tanya , after review by Brent , today I will be sending out am amendment to BMO allowing for the provision of Cash as Eligible Collateral under the ISDA . When we get this in signed I will send my usual email out to the world explaining this amendment , but you may want to think about what procedures you will need to put in place to make sure this happens EVERY time we take collateral in ( not to mention , we will also have to pay Canadian counsel to file releases as well ,  and this will cost us money too ! We don't want to have to do this too often. ) Anything you want to tell me before I send this out today? !
Yes , except for weather , the financial GTC's are designed to cover all energy commodities .
Per a conv . I just had with John Arnold , Shankman is not trading natural gas at all . His back trade is Mike Maggi .
We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated August 23 , 2000 amending the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced counterparty . Copies will be distributed to Frank Davis and to Peter Keohane for the Enron Canada Talisman file .
Per our conversation , attached is the proposed form of amendment to the ISDA Master to provide for cash collateral under the Credit Support Annex . Please call me at 713/853-3399 or Tanya Rohauer in our Credit Department at 713/853-3263 if you have any comments or questions .
Per our conversation , the above counterparty is approved by Legal to trade online physical pulp & paper only . We cannot trade financial until Credit receives financial statements and can determine whether they are an eligible swap participant or not .
Chris , Per our conversation , I am attaching a sample form of ISDA for both a Canadian corporate and a Canadian governmental . With the governmental , the proposed form of legal opinion attached to the ISDA Schedule would have to be modified depending on your particular situtation ( see footnotes in opinion) . As I also mentioned , we are making some revisions to the guaranty we are getting from Hydro-Quebec in response to comments from counsel , and we may want to make some of the same changes to guarantees we receive from any governmental guarantor . If you end up having a governmental guarantor , let me know and I'll send you down the revisions . By copy of this email to Joe Hunter on the Confirmation Desk , I am asking him to email you copies of the form of Omnibus Confirmation and Annex A thereto for an ECC/Canadian Counterparty Deal . I have to say that if you end up transacting with a governmental entity , our form of confirmation will not include the reps and warranties required to transact with such counterparties , since we never trade financial with governmentals prior to execution of a master . If you go down that road we may have to come up with some kind of form , but the best route is to get the ISDA in place first .
The bottom of this email will explain my email to Gaffer .
Thanks Joe , you're the best !
I'm sad ( sniff...sniff...sniff...).. .
Russell , I spoke to the cpy about this , and what it turned out he wanted was the Local Currency ISDA form . I gave that redraft to Mary to sign off on the same day I wrote that note , but she's been too busy to look at it , and the file is now MIA from her office . I'll check with her tomorrow and she what she did with it .
I would like to take the week of Thanksgiving off . My mom is coming from NY to visit with my 10 year old niece .
It appears that we have now opened up our first Japan based financial product on EnronOnline , and I need to get some direction from you as to what restrictions , if any , we have on ( 1 ) counterparties located/incorporated in Japan trading Japan based financial products , and ( 2 ) counterparties not located in Japan trading Japan based financial products . Previously , the only Japanese financial product we had was weather , but it wasn't being sold by a Japan based Enron company , so my understanding was that I didn't have any particular restrictions under Japanese law for counterparties located in or outside Japan in trading this product . Now that the product is being sold by a Japan based company I am wondering was restrictions I might have to keep in mind when doing my daily online approvals . The only are Japan based direction I am getting is from the Broadband legal team ( Robbi Rossi ) which have told me Japanese counterparties can only trade US bandwidth segments . P.S . we do have a Japanese counterparty on the 9/26/00 list .
Thanks , I appreciate it ! What should I do with the Japanese counterparty on the 9/26/00 list ? Shut them down for all trading on Japan based products until I hear from you ? Will you be coming to the Legal Conference here in Houston next week ? Maybe we could chat then? !
FYI , I have a database where I keep track of my online approvals/declines and reasons why ( if there are any!) . I don't know to what extent Frank ever looked at it , but you might find it helpful . It is called "ENA Legal Online Trading Agreements" database . If you're interested , I'll ask Mike Neves to get you access .
As a reminder , We need to talk about some documentation Marcus Nettleton passed on to me for handling . It's about the disclosure of the MG acquisition , some subordination loans & guarantees w/the NYMEX . I asked Al Pennisi if it could wait until you got back and he said yes .
Mike , Can you take care of this and let us know when Lisa has access . Thanks .
We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated 9/12/00 which amends the ETA to provide that Ameren Energy , Inc . can act as authorized agent for and on behalf of the following entities ( "Operating Companies" ) under such ETA: 1 . Union Electric Company ( d/b/a Ameren UE ) 2 . Ameren Energy Generating Company 3 . Ameren Energy Marketing Company The amendment to the ETA makes additional changes with respect to the agency relationship between Ameren Energy , Inc . and the Operating Companies . In connection with such amendment to the ETA we have also received: 1 . The originally executed Password Application 2 . Consent and Acknowledgement executed by the Operating Companies with respect to such agency relationship Copies will be distributed .
Yes .
Attached are ( 1 ) the RMT Confirms and ( 2 ) the Incumbency Certificates required to be executed under the ISDA .
Attached please the proposed forms of Confirmation with respect to the referenced transaction . Please call me or Sara Shackleton if you have any comments or questions .
I have some appointments outside the office this afternoon and will need to leave early today .
I don't know why I am on these emails ?
Per an email from Soma yesterday , Brian Hull wanted to transact out of their Toronto Branch , so I used their Toronto address in the agreement . We do not have "transactions numbers" on our ISDA's . I would take it if things proceed today , that we will date the agreement as of today , so the date of the agreement will be the only identifying information . Toronto-Dominion will need to look at the notice information I put in the agreement and confirm that it is acceptable . I pulled it from a recent agreeement they sent us .
Can you change Peter's name , I had it wrong , it's "Peter C.M . Keohane" . Thanks !
Please find attached a clean and blacklined draft of the revised ISDA Master .
Per , What's the deal he's talking about ? I also do not think we could put ENA and Enron Metals Ltd . trades under the same master . When you have a mingute give me a ring .
Please call Morris Clark or Steve Douglas .
Jeff hasn't left the group , has he ?
Attached is a clean and blacklined draft of the Schedule reflecting your insert . I think it is our intention to just insert the revised page into the agreement .
Here is the interest rate we are going to mirror to create for Toronto Dominion .
NYPA called today wanting to know the status of our review . Can we pow wow about this 1st thing Monday.. .
I do not know the answer to your question . I suggest you talk to Credit . Financial does indeed have a master with Weyerhaueser Company Limited . I have no idea what we trade physical under or what other Weyerhaueser companies we may have business with .
I am just confirming with each of you that I will be opening up The Toa Reinsurance Company Limited , a Japanese counterparty on the 9/26/00 list to trade all physical and financial products , including Australian and Japanese weather , which seems to be the products they are truly interested in trading . Let me know if you have any problems with that immediately .
I sent down the list for 9/27/00 on Friday . On the 9/26/00 list , for Edison Mission Marketing & Trade , I am showing them as "amended-no change" becuase I already had them open for emissions . Same on FPL Energy Power Marketing , I am showing them as "amended-no change" because I already had them opened for physical gas .
I confirmed w/Brad that they are still an ESP , so it's OK to open them up for all financial .
What's the scoop on this ?
Will do , I'll send you a copy too . I'm just waiting to get Sara's direction on one comment to the Legal Opinion , then I'll be ready to send it out .
As you all are probably aware , we trade physical and financial products with Northern Illinois Gas Company under each of the following names: 1 Northern Illinois Gas Company ( the legal incorporated entity ) 2 . Nicor Gas Company ( an assumed name for Northern Illinois Gas Company as reflected in the Assumed Name Certificate dated 12/15/99 filed with the Secretary of State of Illinois . The name needs to match the Assumed Name Certificate , no "Co." ) 3 . Northern Illinois Gas Company d/b/a Nicor Gas Company The EnronOnline counterparty has been set up as "Nicor Gas Company" . Pursuant to Bob Bruce's conversation with our Illinois outside counsel , we are comfortable transacting business in the State of Illinois under the assumed name "Nicor Gas Company" . In connection therewith , it is OK to set up the online entity as "Nicor Gas Company" , and attach the relevant physical or financial products to the relevant master under each of the above counterparty names . Further , it will be OK if the confirmations go out as "Nicor Gas Company" even though the masters may be under one of the above names . PLEASE NOTE , HOWEVER , this should be considered an exception to the rule . We do not want counterparties to be set up under assumed names , d/b/a's or divisions for EnronOnline . As previously agreed with the Online team , every attempt should be made to incorporate the legal name as part of the counterparty name ( such as "Northern Illinois Gas Company d/b/a Nicor Gas Company" or "Koch Industries , Inc . acting through its Koch Hydrocarbon Company Division") . Any exceptions to this should be run by Legal for approval .
Did you make a note under H.Q . Energy Services in Lotus Notes... ?
No can do...just made appt . to go to lunch with CSS . However , he cancels on me half the time , so if he cancels again I'd love to go.. .
At the request of Sara Shackleton , Senior Counsel , I am attaching a copy of our proposed form of Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement and proposed form of counterparty legal opinion . If you have any questions , please call Sara at ( 713 ) 853-5620 or me at ( 713 ) 853-3399 . We look forward to getting your comments .
We have received a revised Unanimous Consent of Directors dated 8/28/00 ( "Board Resolution" ) from the referenced Counterparty which expands the approval given in their initial Board Resolution ( provided when we executed the ISDA Master Agreement ) to allow them to enter into "pulp , lumber and paper commodity price swap and options , and other commodity price swap and option transactions" with ENA . For ClickPaper , this should allow them to trade all the financial products we trade . For EnronOnline , this should allow them to trade all commodity swaps and options . If Credit will add this to the next spreadsheets for both ClickPaper and EnronOnline , I will amend my approval . I will circulate a copy of the revised Board Resolution to Global Contracts and Camille Gerard .
Pretty funny ! I went over to harass him , but he must be on vacation !
The Mounties have arrived !
When you have a minute can we talk about this...thanks !
Attached is revised list opening Edison Mission Marketing & Trade for emissions .
For Xeron , Inc.-amended no change means , they were initially open for financial , shut down for power , open for all other physical products . No change from that approval .
My assistant , Taffy Milligan will be sending it to you .
There seems to be some question whether Utilicorp . can trade financial . I opened them to trade all financial ( including power ) on 7/26/00 . I think the customer is calling Kathy for access . There should be no change in their physical power profile .
can you fax her the fron of the ISDA Schedule for Utilicorp . She must be in the Oslo office .
Matt , Can you provide me with the name and address of who we should send this amendment to for signature ? I still have to run it by an attorney , though .
Attached is the referenced list . I am saying "amended-no change" because for Calpine , I originally had them open for power & financial , and I am not changing that approval , and for Nicor , I originally had them open for financial and shut down for power and I am not changing that approval .
I'm preparing for a presentation I have to give tomorrow . Once I'm done with this I'll give you a call.. .
Enron Canada has a Master Agreement [ECT form , non ISDA] in place with Energy West Incorporated ( which ENA could trade under per the Services Agreement with ECC covering financial trades only) . Per my conversation a second ago with Credit , Energy West Incorporated and Energy West Resources are not showing up in their records as being one and the same corporation . Sounds to me you need to call Credit for approval . If we do not have a master , they would have to get Credit approval to do a trade w/o a master in place .
See email below to John .
Sounds good to me !
Take today off ( from EOL at least!) .
We just received what we hope is a final draft of the documents from Deutsche Bank , and I hope to respond back to you shortly , once I have had a chance to confirm they made all the changes .
The omnibus swap below , plus this Annex A make up the "omnibus" confirm .
It was cute !
Can you forward alison the template for an omnibus swap . The attached appears to be an EOL template .
Can you pass this on to the next person...thanks !
It's really all Genia's fault , she goes to lunch too darn early . I guess we need to make a date beforehand for lunch with you... !
On the 10/05/00 List: Tembec , Inc.'s bylaws require that agreements signed by the company must be signed by any two of the following officers: the President or a Vice President together with any Director , Secretary or Assistant Secretary . If you are going to trade with them online you must ensure that the Password Application gets signed by those officers , or if not by those officers , they must provide a resolution if any officer except those above signs the documentation . Because of this signatory restriction EnronOnline was hesitant to open them for financial trading . It's up to your group , but you must comply with these special signatory requirements . If you would like Legal to pass on the documentation if you are unsure , forward it up to me .
It's no surprise to me to find Reggie's been stirring it up !
We have been doing this here in Houston via a Unanimous Consent of the Directors of the Company appointing the individual(s ) as agents and attorneys-in-fact . Do you sugguest I proceed this way or via the Power of Attorney below ?
FYI-waiting for direction .
That change will have to be approved by Mark Taylor , who is out of town until next week .
These could take a few days ( or more!) . They have to be circulated to the directors of the Company for signature and timing will depend on their availability for signature . If Amita wants to start signing today , she can go ahead and start signing now and I'll make her appointment effective as of today .
John Arnold wants this counterparty opened ASAP for financial . We didn't have any financial statements from them when they originally came thru , so we couldn't determine their ESP status , but we're OK now , so if you could open them for financial ASAP . Thanks .
I just got off the phone w/Derek . I'll make sure someone handles it .
Karen , Upon re-review w/Credit , we have decided not to open this counterparty up for financial trading until further legal and credit issues are resolved .
Thanks , I appreciate your help !
Thanks Joe , you're the best !
Dear Greg , As we discussed , I am attaching our proposed form of ISDA Schedule and Credit Support Annex for your review . If you have any comments or questions , please do not hesitate to call me at 713/853-3399 . We look forward to hearing from you . cc: Tom May Ed Sacks , Credit Bob Bruce , Senior Counsel
MALCOLM Greg -CONTROLLER Let me know if you still don't get the attachment .
We will try to get back to them soon . We had to locate Indiana counsel to advise us on this , and hope to engage them today .
Please remember that all online confidentiality agreement should be logged in through me , I prepare a list of them for the Online Team . All regular conffidentiality agreements should be logged in through one of the paralegals so we can monitor them . Also , we need to do a conflicts check with Kay . Thanks .
Just a reminder that we have the Customer Access Agreement that Craig Breslau sent up for our review . We need to ( 1 ) determine what procedures , if any , we need to put in place with respect to user ID's to other online trading websites , and ( 2 ) respond to Craig about this agreement . When you both get back in town can we set a time to discuss this . Thanks.. .
This seems like something the Confirmation Desk should do , or you . I have never dealt with the deal tickets before .
I don't see any problem with this request , do you ?
Per our conversation while you were here , attached is a list of all the Japanese counterparties that have requested Password Applications from EnronOnline . Let me know you thoughts about this , and , as we discussed , online due diligence with respect to Japanese counterparties .
I don't think there is any problem with this . But since Harry told me to run it by you , I am . Could you sign off ASAP . Thanks !
Any problem ?
Can y'all help me get the document below signed by an officer of ECC and return the originally signed document to me . I will send them all out together back to the counterparty . FYI-Andy Zipper is second in command to Louise Kitchen for EnronOnline . Thanks for your help !
Why aren't you playing polo ? Has your horse accepted other film roles after your smashing success in Gladiator ? P.S . Missed you at the seminar , it's just not the same when you're not there... !
I check with Legal in the US and the UK , and were have no problem with Utilicorp trading UK crude and crude products .
Thanks to all of you for getting this done so quickly ! You are the best !
Always happy to hear from my favorite outside counsel !
Thanks Justy !
Per Leslie's earlier email , she wants power trading for Tri-State only under one entity , so I have shut down Tri-State Power Marketing ( the division) , and have opened them up under Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association , Inc. , which , per my conv . w/Stephanie , is being amended to add "through its Tri-State Power Marketing Division" to the PA .
I just spoke to Frank , and spoke to Jeff Blumenthal earlier this week about tax issues arising out of Amita executing documents on behalf of EOL and ENA . Frank just informed me that the Japan office has also been provided with stamp of Sheri Thomas's signature so they can execute PA's out of Japan . Frank and I were thinking we might want to get together sometime next week to discuss this .
In order to improve communication between the Legal Department and our Online team , Mark Haedicke has asked us to prepare a list of legal contacts which we will be providing to the Online team . Before we send this out , I have been asked to send the list to each of you for your input . Please let me or Leslie Hansen know of any additional contacts or changes that you feel we need to make to the list .
I do not believe that statement is correct . The limitation was required in the corporate documents of the company , so it should apply to all agreements . Can you send me up a copy of the Password Application and I will give Steve Norris a call . Thanks .
Great ! Look forward to hearing from you . If you have any questions give me a call.. .
I'll wait for your direction since we need to communicate this to EOL and Credit .
Mary , you don't need to copy me on these types of emails .
taffy , in the future , can you just print out the calendar and leave it in my in box . Thanks .
Taffy , these are all finance deals that Sara worked on . Can you work with her to get copies of the ISDA Masters for this guy in the Audit group . Check Lotus Notes to see if we have blue files , and if not , check w/Sara .
Stephanie worked on this . Stephanie , can you get with Bob.. .
Attached is documentation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State reflecting the name change of Engage Energy US , L.P . to Coastal Merchant Energy , L.P. , such name change to be effective on October 3 , 2000 ( per the corrective amendment filed with the Delaware Secretary of State attached hereto . Please make a note of this name change in your records .
Davis Minns , Robert McGrory , and Alison Keogh in the Australia Legal Office , and Jane McBride and Yo Yamanishi in the Japan Legal office need full edit access to the Financial Trading Agreement Database in Lotus Notes . Can you let me know when this has happened . Can you also get the view capability to the Legal Online Trading Database . Thanks
I have received a Notice of Assignment that effective 8/21/00 , Public Service Electric and Gas Company has transferred to PSEG Energy Resources & Trade LLC its interest in the ETA with ENA dated 01/11/00 . A copy of the assignment will be sent to Lisa and Tom . Please let me know if you have any problems with this assignment . If not , I will get Leslie Hansen to sign off on the form and get it signed .
Sure , see your there .
Per our conversation , attached is the form of ISDA Agreement , with Enron guaranty attached to it . As we discussed , Cadwalader will issue an enforceability opinion with respect to the Enron Corp . guaranty , so we need to provide them with an opinion with respect to Enron Corp . general corporate matters . Thanks for your help !
Mary , At the request of Bob Shults , I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement . Please call me or Bob with any comments or questions you might have . My phone no is 713/853-3399 and Bob can be reached at 713/853-0397 . If the agreement meets with your approval , please fax a signed copy to me at 713/646-3490 . We look forward to hearing from you .
I received a faxed copy of the Customer Registration Form , Password Application and Letter Agreement amending the ETA . I expect the originals to follow tomorrow . I will have copies walked down to Lisa since the customer is eager to start trading . I will follow with the originals in the usual course of business .
No , no ISDA's or other master agreements in place with this counterparty .
I think maybe if we could get together with Frank and call Jeff then we could resolve this w/o continuing circular conversations . Jeff is familiar with the issue now .
Below is an icon that will get you view access to the financial agreement database . This lists all the financial agreements we either have executed or have drafts out to the counterparty ( except Australia , which we are currently loading into the database) . This database is available with view access to any Enron employee . If you have any questions about a specific entry , please do not hesitate to call me ( or email me!) . Link -->
Derek Davies faxed down copies to the Enmax master and the file is missing . Can you let me know if you have it . Thanks .
It was somehow sent to me to . I think they're sending it to all employees .
This email appears to have gone to all Houston Legal , or all Houston . You might want to check your distribution lists .
Per my voicemail , attached is the ISDA Agreement revised to reflect those guaranty changes you agreed to .
Attached is the referenced list . My "amended-no change" means I am OK with Credit changes . Do I owe you some other old lists ?
Well , just mentioning the landmark levels now , we just hit 460...it's not impossible that we won't get 40 more in by the end of the year.. .
Yeah , yeah , yeah...we're still waiting for 4!! !
Per the attached , I think we will need to amend our board resolution(s ) to add Cassandra as a signatory . The ENA resolution appeared to have Ted specifically .
We have a 3:00 meeting tomorrow w/Lisa Lees and phone in to Jeff Blumenthal in tax to discuss metals and Japan issues re: signing PA's and any other documentation ( in your office) .
My assistant Taffy Milligan is tracking these down for you . Her direct no is
Mike Haney with EBS .
I checked w/the Corp . Secretary's office , and they were unaware that Rex and Dave were appointed as MD's , so the corporate paralegal is getting the board resolution passed adding them on , as well as adding Mark Palmer as a VP .
Neither Enron London nor Enron London/Singapore has an ISDA Master in place with Union Oil Company of California . ENA does , but that won't help you .
Mark , Mieco is the cpy where we had the misposted/bad online trade & we held up their master . Can we send it out ?
Remember as those Ameren Energy Inc. , as agent , etc . for various companies we got ETA amendments in for . They are coming thru tonight as as online counterparty but want to start trading today . Any problems ?
Are you working on an ETA amendment for them ?
Justin I've been running around trying to determine whether we have a tax problems with Amita doing what she's doing for the above companies , and I'm hearing that you've already cleared that with tax . Can you please confirm this for me .
First , this counterparty is OK to trade physical power . I just spoke to Leslie , and she said it was OK to set up "Ameren Energy , Inc . as Agent " under one cpy id # for the three utilities and that's how they would trade . We spoke to Melissa Murphy on the Power Confirm Desk and she is going to set up a special confirmation template that will add the three utilities names to the confirmations before they go out . I think this is how Global Counterparty already set them up . If this doesn't compute , let me know.. . The Confirmations would then go out as Ameren Energy , Inc. , as Authorized Agent for and on behalf of Ameren Energy Marketing Company , Ameren Energy Gathering Company , and Union Electric Company ( d/b/a Ameren UE) .
Are you holding up this cpy for any reason ?
We have received the executed Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure Agreement with the referenced Counterparty dated 10/18/00 . I will deliver a copy to Dovie Keprta , until I receive any further direction as to who you would like to be the central file keeper for eMarket Services documents .
Thanks for the note . Just pass on my concern for Clarissa and hope for her improvement .
I'm OK all day long , so just email me when you want to chat ( our time ) and I'll make sure I'm at my desk .
Just a note to remind you to add the "ESP' and "Country" information to clickpaper spreadsheets too so I can get those out while you're gone .
At the request of David Minns their short name in Lotus Notes will be EAF ( for Enron Australia Finance) . David gave me a list of their masters , so I am going to enter just the names and agreement . David and Alison will flesh out the rest of the data when he gets back .
Leslie Hansen just called me and it appears the power traders have asked her to review the ETA for trading on the Dynegy Website . I told her we were meeting to develop a policy about the opening of such websites , that we had no board resolutions passed allowing the opening of them , nor do we have control procedures in place about where statements go , etc. , so we can control and prevent "rogue" trading . She said before she sent this out she would contact you .
The Australia office gave me a list of their masters and I have entered them into the database . We still don't have copies . Further , I don't know more than if it's executed and the date . They need to flesh out the additional information that is required .
ANP Marketing Company has faxed in their PA and ETA amendment and we should get the originals in by fedex today . They are hot to trade ERCOT online , and I don't know if they can trade it or not , but if we could move them up to the top of the credit review list they would be most happy .
The critical documents are usually the masters and any guarantees issued . Thanks for your help .
Thanks for the heads up ! As usual , you're the best !
Attached is a clean and blacklined draft of the changes to the ISDA Schedule . We have also attached the proposed form of Enron Corp . Guaranty and the legal opinions of Enron North America and Enron Corp . The opinions of Cadwalader with respect to the ISDA and the Guaranty will be sent shortly under separate cover from Susan Lobel at Cadwalader . It appears the only remaining issue on the ISDA is the "Conditions Precedent" provision which NYPA is still considering . Please let me know if these changes meet with your approval .
I bet you thought I forgot about you? ! The lawyer up at Enron Corp . just called me and said he just got off the phone w/Deutsche Bank and they have come to an agreement as to the proposed form of guaranty . We have one more credit issue on the master that Credit would like us to revisit with them , but otherwise I think we close to being done . If you would like me to coordinate the execution of the guarantees you need with Enron Corp. , I will be happy to assist you .
We have received the executed Agreement for Exchange of Confidential Information with the referenced Counterparty dated effective 10/1/00 . Copies will be distributed .
Harry , I believe this is yours.. .
We have received the originally executed Letter Agreement amending the referenced Electronic Trading Agreement . Copies will be distributed . We also received the originally executed Password Application and Customer Registration Form . I will send those down to EOL and no copies will be kept in Legal .
Thanks for your help here . Can you do me one more favor ? Can you check and make sure I am the only person that has access to change keywords . Thanks !
Attached is the link that will allow you access to referenced database . You should have edit access ( non-Legal or Credit employees can get view access only . They should not see our comments . That information is confidential and subject to attorney/client privilege) . Let me know if you do not have edit access . Please do not edit entries for companies or agreements outside your area of responsibility . A few notes.. . There is some great reporting functionality in this database . Check out some of the sorts on the left . There is a drop down called "Pending Swap Update" . That sort will create a list of all executed and draft financial agreements . There are ways you can sort the Pending Swap Update to generate reports for you compan The "restrictions" column should be limited to only those issues that are critical to trading/confirmations/settlement . Kinda , before you do/authorize a trade read this . Not for general legal notes . Once an agreement's status is coded "executed" , it should never be coded elsewise ( it will mess up reporting) . If you are amending an agreement or superseding and replacing one , code the status "executed-under amendment" . I should be the only one coded to change the "keywords" in the drop downs . If you need keywords added , send me an email and I will add them for you . Please note , that we have just upgraded the database to add the ISDA definitions , branch offices approved for trading , and market disruption provisions . This information should be inputted for the new master swap agreements on a going forward basis , but we still need to go back and repopulate the data for the existing master swap agreements . Also , FYI , the "See" drop down is our nickname for the name changes and mergers reference . If an item is filled in for that entity it should show you any prior or new names for the counterparty . We hope you find the information provided in this database helpful . Link -->
Left message with George Gilbert . FYI , Jen Fraser left Fred's group and is now with EGM .
I was just sitting here thinking , now that y'all are doing the financial confirms up there , your Confirmation Desk people need to be on the distribution list for our emails when we get signed masters in , so they know when they need to change from a non-master style of confirm , to a master style of confirm . Who , pray tell , might your Confirmation Desk people be so we can add them.. .
We have received an executed Assignment and Novation Agreement dated 8/16/00 where EOL commodity swap Deal No . 267025 , transacted 6/23/00 originally between Amoco Canada ( "Amoco Canada" ) Petroleum Company and Enron Canada Corp . The trade has been assigned as follows: Amoco Canada assigned its interest in the trade to BP Amoco Corporation ECC assigned its interest in the trade to ENA . Copies will be distributed .
Pay : Bank of America , N.A . For the Account of : Enron North America Corp . Account Number/ CHIPS UID
There are a number of Argentina counterparties on this list that I will need your sign off on . Brent said he things they will probably be OK to trade Argentina Gas , but to run it by you . Can you let me know if you have any issues . I am going to have to add you to the distribution for my daily lists too . Initially , we should have a rush of Argentina counterparties , but after awhile , it should dwindle . The rule is , you have ONE DAY to respond or I will consider you have no legal problems with a counterparty on the list .
We do not have an ISDA master in place with this cpy , however , Susan Bailey and Sara Shackleton did send them a draft in August . I would think unless ECTRIC is going to be a direct cpy to a master , Craig Young should contact Susan and Sara directly... ?
Can you sent out that original Participation Agreement for signature to the cpy . I am attaching my form of letter so you can copy it . Thanks .
Can you please send this cpy a copy of their ISDA Master . The contact is Kimberly Gentle at ( 509 ) 495-4055 , fax ( 509 ) 495-8176 . Thanks .
Since this is a financial product I don't need approvals back from any of you . I really just wanted to alert you to this new product , especially the physical steel team .
I just got a call from the online team , and there is a rush push on from London to get this counterparty approved ASAP . Since you are the key person , I thought I'd pull you into the loop . This counterparty should be coming thru on tomorrow's approval list . I know you've got to do your due diligence , so if you could let me know how long it will take to get back to me I can let the EOL and London people know . Much thanks ! P.S . I enjoyed chatting with you at the seminar !
Per Jane's email , I think we can definitely approve them to trade Japanese products . I want to confirm with her the approval for the rest of the products , tho I think they'll probably be OK too . So today , you could open them for Japan .
I have told EOL this counterparty is approved to trade Japanese products . I just want to confirm with you , are they also approved to trade all the other products , physical and financial around the world ?
Attached is our proposed form of agreement . If the counterparty has any questions , please have them call me .
Can you please get me off whatever distribution list my name is on . I am not a member of any of those groups below .
Michael Just a note that we are still waiting on sign off from Tax before we get this signed .
Attached is a revised copy of the referenced list . Please note that we will be adding the NDA's coming in through the eMarket Services Group of Enron Net Works to this list .
Just confirming...for Utilicorp . we previously had them open for Enron Sales only... .
I'm having our messengers walk over two copies of the NDA initialled by Leslie Hansen . If you could have one of your officers , VP or above sign them , and then when fully executed by the Company , return the original to me . Thanks !
Type of Contract: ISDA Master Agreement ( Multicurrency-Cross Border ) Effective Date: December 10 , 1996 Executed Date: October 20 , 2000 Enron Entity: Enron Canada Corp . Counterparty: Duke Energy Marketing Limited Partnership Transactions Covered: Approved for all products with the exception of: Weather Foreign Exchange Confirming Entity: ECC PLEASE NOTE: Party A and Party B are co-Calculation Agents under this Agreement
I'm going to call you Quick Draw McGraw !
With respect to the "amends": Calpine Power: was already open for financial-no change to that approval Utilicorp.: I originally had Enron sales only for power , but Leslie is now telling me to open them for all power . Constellation: I originally had them shut down for financial , so I am opening them up . I originally had them shut down for power and they should stay shut down .
Below is a revised presentation from the EOL team that should have the most updated slides for MEH's online presentation that you are working on .
Is OK w/you to copy the profile below , for the new gas product at the end of this email ?
OK for me .
What's the scoop on this ?
Gillian spoke to Jeff Kinneman and he would like to get whatever documentation would be required to permit him to execute documents here in Houston on a going forward basis for Credit.com . We don't know what it will take to do this , but it really isn't practical for us to get Jim Derrick or Mark Frevert to sign .
You're the best !
Again , can you please take me off whatever distribution list I am on . Thanks .
I sent it to the crude oil option trader . Is that good enough ?
I'm not sending this out . I'm trying to get off this list too .
This is not my distribution . I am trying to get off of it too !
Travis needs to get copies of the ETA's below . I don't know if there is someone here in Houston that can get them for him , or someone in London . I usually would have called Edmund on this but he's out sick for awhile . Can you track it down for us ? Thanks !
Euromoney stopped doing their great seminar a few years back . We have not yet found any other seminar that equals it . I'll keep my eyes posted , though .
You bet . I faxed a copy out to them earlier this afternoon . We also faxed a copy to London , and hope to get it back signed by EnronCredit.com first thing tomorrow morning .
My materials are 6 years old . Do you think they would be of any benefit ?
Attached are some of the new steel counterparties . I need to give EOL responses by Friday for all these counterparties . In addition , we should have more coming through , for a total of about 100-150 new counterparties we have to approve by Friday . I will need your responses , if any , ASAP , as I still need to fill in Legal's approvals and return them . Thanks !
Nov . 4
Mark , It seems to me Erica's advice needs to apply not only to this NDA , but probably all of the NDA's that are going to originate from the Houston based EnronCredit.com business team . Further , it should apply not only to NDA's , but their whole business they are originating from Houston , yes ? Maybe you need to talk to Erica.. .
Michael Slade forwarded me your advice with respect to the Non-Disclosure Agreement with i2 Technologies . We appreciate your help on this . Per my conversation with Mark Taylor , this NDA will probably be the first of many coming from the EnronCredit.com business group located here in Houston and pursuing US based customers . We wanted to confirm with you that on a going forward basis that are no tax problems with these EnronCredit.com employees executing NDA's as well as other contracts here in Houston . Thanks for your help with this . We have received the fully executed Non-Disclosure Agreement by and among Pure Markets Corporation and Enron North America Corp. , Enron Net Works LLC and EnronOnline , LLC dated 10/25/00 . Copies will be distributed .
Per our conversation , my name is Tana Jones and I am a paralegal here in Houston Legal . I am your first point of contact when you need to get an NDA out to a counterparty . I work with Leslie Hansen , an attorney in our group . She will negotiate any comments to the NDA's or review forms of NDA's provided by counterparties . We can also assist you with other types of contracts you might need . My # is x33399 and Leslie's is x36121 . To draft an NDA I will need the following information: 1 . What form of NDA do you want . We have 2 forms , one where only Enron is providing confidential information , and a bilateral agreement where both parties are providing confidential information . If we have a situation where we truly are the only one providing confidential information we prefer to use the one-way form , it is drafted much more in our favor . 2 . What is the project or nature of your business with the cusomer ? 3 . The counterparty's full legal name . 5 . Contact name at the counterparty . 6 . How you would like the NDA sent to the counterparty . If you would like to to fax it , please provide the fax and phone number . If you would like me to email the agreement , I'll need an email address . If you would like to send it yourself , I will forward it to you . 7 . If you have a deadline for execution , please let us know . I look forward to working with you !
OK , you caught me!! !
Please put on calendar . Thanks . FYI Thanks Lisa !
Attached is our proposed form of NDA . Let me know if you have any questions or if I can be of further service .
Attached is the one way ( counterparty ) only form you requuested .
Just a note re: "Miller Balish O'Neil PC" on the list from the 25th . I just had a conversation with Mark about that one , it sounds awfully like a law firm to us . Unless a member of the Legal Dept . requests a guest ID for a law firm doing legal research for us , we should never grant guest ID's to a law firm . It can only hurt us ! It's possible it could be an accounting firm . Per Mark , we wouldn't want to grant accounting firms access either . "PC" ( for professional corporation ) is a good giveaway that we might have one or the other .
We have received the executed Non-Disclosure Agreement with the referenced Counterparty dated 10/26/00 . Copies will be distributed .
Credit called and asked if we could get them a rush approval on the referenced counterparty . Let me know if you have anyproblems . Thanks !
Can you add the physical products to the Legal tab so I don't have to copy them every day . Thanks !
Re: Rush on Oklahoma . They are OK for all products .
Above counterparty needs to be opened immediately to trade , specifically coal . Let me know if you have any problems ASAP .
PSE&G just called and want to trade natural gas online and want to make sure that they can trade it under the GISB . They want to amend the ETA to that effect . I'm not sure how we want to handle this . Get Stacy/Jeff's approval that their gas trades can go under the GISB , and then amend the ETA ? The woman who called is Denise Pocius at ( 973 ) 430-8181 .
We have received the Second Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement between Engage Energy US , L.P. , now known as Coastal Merchant Energy , L.P . and ENA dated 10/5/00 . This amendment makes certain credit changes to the agreement , including , but not limited to , changing Counterparty's Guarantor from UEI Holdings Inc. , formerly know as Union Energy Inc . ( "UEI" ) to The Coastal Corporation ( "Coastal") . Copies of this Amendment and the new guarantees issued in connection therewith will be distributed .
Attached is a clean and blacklined draft of the final revisions . Let me know if they meet with your approval and I will start processing them for signature .
Attached is the final version of the Enron Corp . Guaranty . Unfortunately , the ISDA Schedule is in the hands of Deutsche Bank and I need them to turn around the revised draft . I'm still working on it .
Jennifer McQuade called again to see if we had contacted Elzear Lemieux at counterparty re: comments to an NDA . If you haven't , his direct no . is
David , The link is at the bottom of this email .
When you have a minute to review this , can we meet so you can handle this response to Anthony . Thanks .
When you get back into the office , can we visit about updating the ENA resolutions re: confirmation signatories . I think we need to clean out some of the data in the Corporate Database re: confirmation signatories . Thanks !
Fred , Per our conversation , this link will get you access into the Master Swap Agreement database , where you can look up the status of any master agreement . If you have some time , why don't you take a look at it and see if your group would find this helpful .
Cute !
A few news flashes re: limitations on products: 1 . The only parties that can trade Argentina physical gas are Argentina counterparties . They have licensing requirements similar to US physical power . All existing counterparties that are not Argentinian should be shut down for this product . 2 . Mark Taylor just found out in a meeting with the tax guys that only ENA can only enter into credit derivates with US counterparties .
David , This ETA is for ClickPaper .
Am trying to get copies of the executed NDA's for the counterparties listed below . When you get this can you call me... .
At Brent's request , I am sending you the memo below .
When we can get a copy of this , we need to make sure it's broad enough to cover what you're doing.. .
Christian Yoder is looking for the course material for some of the in-house derivatives seminars . Does anyone have some material we can lend him ?
I extend my begrudging congratulations... .
Looks OK for me .
We are going to be trading with Deutsche Bank out of their New York and London branch offices online . Per my conv . w/the online team , we going to have to have them come in thru both Houston and London as a counterparty ( we haven't solved multibranch customers online) . With Edmund out , I need someone to email me your Electronic Trading Agreement and Password Application so we can send them to the lawyer we are negotiating the ISDA Master with . Can you have someone there send me the docs . Much thanks.. .
We have received the originally executed Participant Agreements dated 10/13/00 between each of Enron North America Corp. , Enron Canada Corp. , and Enron Power Marketing , Inc . and the IntercontinentalExchange , LLC . Copies will be distributed .
Thanks , I appreciate it !
Just a note on Kaiser , the agreement we have in place has terrible credit , and Bill Bradford w/Credit refuses to trade under it . We are in the process of replacing it with another .
What is the full name of Wabash ? I'm working on a master now w/Wabash Valley Power Ass'n .
FYI ( p.s . I told him Bill hates Kaiser and we can't trade under it )
Nony has the Mexico file . If it's anywhere it should be there .
OK .
I spoke to Ed Sacks in Credit re: AEP . We have an ISDA in place with AEP Energy Services , Inc . When they trade under that master they are trading for their own account . When they trade as American Electric Power Service Corporation they are actually trading as the service company for the family of utilities under their umbrella . So it's 2 different counterparties .
We had the attached agreement executed by each of Enron North America , Enron Canada and Enron Power Marketing .
Re: the below , we shouldn't be signing passwords any more for ENA , so I wanted to confirm with you that I should only be preparing this resolution for EOL... ?
Contacts: Massachusetts Electric Co . - Michael Hager , 508/421-7350 Navajo Tribal Utility Authority-Diana Dechilly , 520/729-6238
The only online trading counterparty lists I am aware you see are the lists that originate from Houston Credit . London has their own lists of counterparties I never see . Do you think we need to get them to forward all lists with Japanese & Australian counterparties to you and Jane for approval ?
I haven't seen or heard anything on this.. .
The above counterparty is a really old one that appears to have come online before we opened up financial power for trading . It appears they never got opened up when it came online . Can we add them to tomorrow's list to open them for financial power . Much thanks !
My last notes on Denmark from Edmund were due diligence pending . What's the scoop on commodity derivatives , weather derivatives , credit derivatives , derivatives in general . Any restrictions on any other products ? Thanks for your voicemail re: Enron Metals . I'll give you a call in the morning when I get in . I miss my Justy.. .
For Massachusetts Electric Company and Navajo Tribal Utility Authority: you'll notice they want to trade power and we're shutting them down . Leslie has to call the counterparties and talk to them about their power status . They're not showing up on the FERC approved lists , so Leslie has to figure out how/if they can trade power .
Yes !
Thanks !
How clever of you to notice that this was for paralegals . I didn't . No , we never have any coordinated gatherings . This may be a first ! How are you ? Did you have a good time on your Miami vacation ?
I have a bunch of NDA's coming thru , so I thought I'd send you an email: 1 . Leslie drafted an NDA yesteeday with Proxicom , Inc . - I don't know if she ran it by you.. . 3 . Commerce One , Inc . 4 . Exodus Communications , Inc . 5 . Financial Settlement Matrix 8 . Oracle Corporation 11 . Sabre Corporation
Did you ever speak to Gillian Johnson yesterday about the difference of these
We have received the Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement effective as of 11/1/00 by and among the referenced Counterparty and Enron Net Works LLC and EnronOnline , LLC . Copies will be distributed .
We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated 09/04/00 amending the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced Counterparty . Copies will be distributed .
Do you not want to hear about any NDA's ?
Thanks Kay !
Primagaz Trading Paris is a French counterparty that had come thru London . Credit doesn't want them to trade US products . I've never looked at it before , so I had to treat it as a new cpy .
Can you please contact Stephanie Panus with these request . I forwarded your other one on to her and she is handling .
Yes , the attached is what we signed .
The resolution giving Robert Cass and Sheri Thomas approval to execute Password Applications as agents and attorneys-in-fact has been executed effective 11/02/00 . I will send a copy down to Frank Davis . The original goes into the Company's Minute Books maintained in the Corporate Secretary's Office on the 48th Floor .
We have received the fully executed Information Services Agreement between Enron Net Works LLC and Kase and Company , Inc . dated 11/1/00 . Copies will be distributed .
Thanks
Thanks Marie !
This master agreement is with a U.S . subsidiary of Hydro-Quebec ( and contains a Hydro-Quebec guaranty) . You might want to point this out to some of your traders who might be interested in trading under it .
We just got the executed ISDA Master and guaranty in with the referenced counterparty , a subsidiary of Hydro-Quebec ( you may have noticed my email) . The Counterparty wants to trade with us online immediately . Can we get them on as an amended counterparty on Monday's list , and can we get them opened to trade financial on Monday ?
Per Leslie Hansen , above counterparty will not be approved to trade power online . She said she spoke to counterparty and they are a distribution company and not FERC approved to sell power . So we will not change that profile .
I am looking for the merger documents dated 12/30/99 wherein Devon Energy Corp . merged with Devon Energy Production Company , L.P. , and PennzEnergy Exploration and Production Company , L.L.C . If you've got a copy can you fax it to me via 646-3490 . Thanks !
Why do we have so many deals from Coral that need to be assigned ?
Can someone talk to Coral so I can get out of the business of assigning "oops" trades.. . Thanks , I appreciate it !
Re: Navajo Tribal Utility Authority: Per Leslie , not a FERC approved counterparty . This cpy can have read-only access for US power products . Leslie spoke to Dinanna Dechilly at the authority and they are not interested in trading power at this time , but will let her know when they are . She will have to follow up with them re: their FERC approved status at that time .
We have received the fully executed Unanimous Written Consent of Managers of EnronOnline , LLC dated 11/6/00 , effective as of 10/11/00 , which appoints Amita Gosalia , Dale Neuner and Sheri Thomas as agents and attorneys-in-fact to execute Password Applications on behalf of EOL . This resolution will expire one year from the date of its effectiveness . When you execute , please sign as "Agent and Attorney-in-Fact" . The original will be filed in the minute book of EnronOnline maintained in the Corporate Secretary's Office on the 48th floor , and a copy will be provided to Lisa Lees and Amita Gosalia .
We have received the executed Mutual Nondisclosure Agreement dated 10/31/00 between the referenced counterparty and Enron Net Works LLC and EnronOnline , LLC . Copies will be distributed .
Are these physical , financial or both ?
Please try and open up HQ Energy Services ASAP .
Gaylord Container is shut down by Credit , but it should be open , so it is going to come back thru as an amended counterparty .
The above counterparty should be coming on tonight's list . We would like to open them for gas ASAP , and Credit is reviewing the financials now to give them some headroom on power . If you could let me know ASAP whether you have any issues .
Enron North America Corp . has executed a Consent to Assignment dated 10/05/00 with respect to the Master Repurchase Agreement dated 01/22/97 between ENA and Goldman Sachs Canada ( a limited partnership) , wherein Goldman Sachs Canada has assigned its position in the agreement and transactions thereunder to Goldman Sachs Canada Inc . ( a corporation) . Copies of the consent will be distributed .
Thanks for such a prompt response !
Please add Mark Taylor to this training . He has put it on his calendar .
I take it you signed off on this new product . It is pretty common that we just copy the profile for a similar product for the existing 1500-2000 counterparties . Let me know if you think this is a problem .
OK w/me . Lisa Lees cc: Stacey Richardson/HOU/ECT@ECT , Tom Moran/HOU/ECT@ECT Subject: New EOL Product - Crude Oil Financial The product long description below will fall under the new product type USCrude Basis Swap . Credit ( Tom Moran ) has approved copying the profiles forthe new product type from the following: US WTI Fin Swap Please respond by 10 a.m . on Wednesday , November 8 . Thank you .
OK for me . OK for me . OK for me .
Sounds to me like you don't need to worry about opening them up for power... !
Call Leslie Hansen at x36121 . She is a lawyer and will be able to help you . I am a paralegal that assists her .
I haven't heard anything back from you re: this approval . The EOL people need a sign off ASAP .
I heard back from the power lawyer and they do not appear to have a FERC license . He is going to have to talk to her and clear this up .
I'm talking to their lawyer right now . He's checking with his power team to find out what name their FERC license is in . However , we still do not have a Credit sign off on power yet , so I am also working with ( "nagging" ) the power Credit person to get me some headroom . Let's just say ANP is "evolving" as we speak !
US Legal would have no problem doing business with a Connecticut limited liability company ( subject , of course , to Credit approval) . There are some legal considerations with respect to certain products . In order to trade any financial products the counterparty would have to meet the U.S . "eligible swap participant" standards ( which sets certain asset and net worth levels ) and to trade U.S . power they would need to have a FERC license . Otherwise , we have no problem with limited liability companies .
Thanks for the good word !
Can we open up ANP for gas ASAP . They have been dying to trade . They want to trade power but so far Credit has not given them any headroom for power and they do not appear to have a FERC license in this name . We are working with them trying to figure out how they can trade power .
Coral Energy Holdings is where we have the financial master . Are you OK with this assignment ?
Can you please respond to Diane . Thanks .
We do have an ISDA Agreement in place between Koch Energy Trading and ENA , but Anthony is correct on a number of accounts . First , we could not put Oslo trades under this master . It is a Local Currency form and could not be used for any non US transaction . Second , it is quite old and our forms have evolved since then and we would not want to replicate this form . Lastly , it has the old "ERMS" style collateral annex , and we would want to use an ISDA Credit Support Annex on a going forward basis . I would suggest contacting Matt Dawson in London Legal and Rod Nelson in London Credit and getting a new master based off our current form . Tana Jones , Houston Legal
A fellow from Western Publishing Company called Anthony Camppos in Global Contracts and said something to the effect that that wanted to terminate the master with us and trade(s ) thereunder . He referenced Deal No . EK9839.1 . I'm not sure by this note if the company is being liquidated or just this trades , but you might want to give them a call . Jim McClymont at ( 308 )
At the request of Bob Shults , I am enclosing our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement for each of Amerex Natural Gas I , Ltd . and Amerex Power , Ltd . Please call me at ( 713 ) 853-3399 or Bob at ( 713 ) 853-0397 if you have any comments or questions .
Will attend .
This counterparty is approved for all financial .
Robert Jones appears to be a VP of Enron Net Works , but not EnronOnline . By copy of this email to Deb Korkmas , I would like to confirm that the above is correct , and if it is , can we please get Robert Jones added as a VP of Thanks !
I'm interested ! Would it be OK to invite one of my new business people from London , she doesn't know anyone in Houston yet ?
We have a really old agreement with the referenced counterparty and I don't think we use it to trade under anymore . I spoke to the Confirm Desk and it appears all of our trading is under Dynegy Marketing and Trade . If you concur , I would like to inactive that master , since I'm afraid it might get attached for online trading .
Per my conv . w/Tanya , the above master should be inactived ( which I have already done in Lotus Notes ) and taken off the executed Master List . All the Dynegy Trading is done out of Dynegy Marketing and Trade . Thanks .
Peter , I hate to say , but I had the same thought earlier this morning . Is there not one thing we can do in this country without having a lawyer in the middle of it . We've all lost our common sense and direction . It sure makes for good TV , though ! I sat all last night flipping from news station to news station getting their spin on what's going on . I can't say I've ever paid this much attention to a presidential election before . I've been telling everybody your spin on the electoral college and the 3 party system . That was a good thought .
It's just you and me tomorrow . Soma is having furniture delivered from Star and they said they could only come between 8-12 . So shall we drive together ? Do you want to come to my house ? At what time ?
Per our conv. , above counterparty is OK to trade all products ( except the usual credit deriv . & Argentina Gas) .
The scary thing about those old goats being too blind to vote is that they're still driving !
Sounds good to me . I'll see you tomorrow am !
Rick Borden at Macleod Dixon sent us a fax requesing copies of the documents on the prepay . Can you send him a copy ? Also , when they're all together , can you send a copy to me for our files . Thanks !
Michael , thought you might enjoy this !
Here's another spin on the election ballot !
Just a note that the new bandwidth is still in EBS Legal being run thru the legal and regulatory hoops . As soon as I hear from Robbi or Marie that it's approved , I'll pass on the word .
NYMEX is trying to get more competitive.. .
Sara Shackleton , an attorney in our group , is drafting some language that we will be proposing to Deutsche Bank in response to their request that we add the Enron companies they do financial business with to the definition of "Specified Entity" . We have some concern that by adding certain Enron entities to Specified Entity , a default in a swap transaction could possibly default certain structured loan transactions with a swap component , and we are trying to carve those transactions out . Sara is also working on the FUNB agreement . I checked with her and the FUNB agreement we had been working from was so old that we agreed to start from the latest form of our agreement , so Sara sent Dee Travella at FUNB a revised draft on 11/8/00 . Sara's direct phone no . is 713/853-5620 .
I forwarded your agreement to Leslie Hansen , an attorney in our group , and she would prefer to work from our form if possible . Let me know if this is a problem . "John Nugent" Please respond to jnugent
Jennifer McQuade with EOL called checking on the status of your conv . w/Elzear Lemieux with cpy . Have you resolved the ETA questions yet ?
I checked w/Mark Taylor , and he can't approve me going to Calgary until he checks it with Mark Haedicke to see if it's OK , which he won't do until he gets back in town , which is in two weeks . I hope that isn't going to cause any problems.. .
At the request of Dovie Keprta in our eMarket Services Group , I am enclosing a draft of our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement for David Endicott's review . I am also attaching a blacklined draft showing the changes from the NDA you executed with Enron Broadband Services . Please call me at ( 713 ) 853-3399 or Leslie Hansen , Senior Counsel at ( 713 ) 853-6121 with any questions or comments you might have . We look forward to hearing from you . Tana Jones Senior Legal Specialist
We have received the executed Non-Disclosure Agreement between Idea Integration Corp . ( d/b/a Idea Integration ) and Enron Net Works LLC and EnronOnline , LLC dated 11/9/00 . A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels .
Per my conv . w/cpy and Credit , please open the referenced counterparty to transact all financial .
Will attend !
We have received the following executed NDA's: Between Amerex Power , Ltd . and Enron North America Corp. , Enron Net Works LLC Between Amerex Natural Gas I , Ltd . and Enron North America Corp. , Enron Net Copies will be sent to Dave Samuels .
I just got them in today . I will fedex you a copy . Thanks for all your help !
Attached is a current list of the NDA's I am working on for the EOL and Net Works teams . Please take the time to look at this list and confirm the status of any NDA's you are interested in .
My favorite election comment to date comes from Gore who said today he was not "focused on the contest , but our democracy" . Such a thoughtful , selfless person !
For this list of amends , my comments mean: Cinergy-already had them open for financial & power , Credit's changes should have no impact on my prior approvals . Dynegy Power Marketing-shut them down for financial ( & Argentina gas ) Nui Energy Brokers-already had them open for all financial , OK with Credit's changes .
Can you check on the name of RAG American Coal Sales Company . We have a note in our Financial Trading Agreement database that pursuant to a Certificate of Amendment filed with the Delaware Secretary of State , RAG American Coal Sales Company further changed its name to RAG Coal Sales of America , Inc . on 4/6/2000 . Our file is missing so I cannot find the hard copy of the name change . Thanks .
I'll leave you a check tomorrow . Also , I'm taking Friday afternoon off to meet the stove repair guy . Can you meet me there to do house & yard clean up day ?
The big switch here is that we're shutting Public Service Electric and Gas Commpany for power . All their power will be traded out of PSEG Energy Resources & Trade LLC .
Perfect , it had another meeting scheduled for 3:30 I had to attend !
Can you email me your form ? How about lunch today ?
Is Calpine Energy Services , L.P . a name change from Calpine Power Services Company ? If it is I need to see the name change , because I have a financial master executed under Calpine Power Services . Can you fax it to me at 713/636-3490 . Thanks !
You are the best !
If we both agree that the counterparty should now be RAG Coal Sales of America , shouldn't your spreadsheet reflect that name ? I'm confused .
So , back to my original question , is this a name change ?
I will be taking Friday p.m . off to meet stove repair guy & contractor .
Yeah ! Also , I spoke to Dalzenia and she is going to move that dirt around by the fence .
Can you fax me the merger documents to 646-3490 . Thanks !
Anyone have these merger docs ?
But I did respond . I said "yeah!" on the thermostat . You're confusing me...I don't know where Michelle is . She should be in town . She must just be busy at work .
Now don't be afraid to tell us what you really think... !
As you requested , to clear up any confusion regarding the responsibilities of the paralegals in the financial trading group: We have four paralegals , myself , Susan Bailey , Samantha Boyd and Stephanie Panus . Marie Heard is no longer is our group , she works for Enron Broadband . Below are responsibilities of the paralegals in our group: Tana Jones: Primarily all EnronOnline issues . ( 1 ) I am the primary Legal contact for counterparty approvals for all Legal Groups . Individual contract problems should be sorted out with the relevant Legal group ( i.e . physical gas , power , etc. ) the same way as they would be resolved offline . ( 2 ) As my time allows , I try and help on ISDA negotiations , so if you see a master with my name on , feel free to call me . Day to Day Financial Contract Drafting and Questions: Can be directed to any of Susan , Samantha , or Stephanie . Copies of Executed Masters: Call our assistant , Taffy Milligan at x57373 , she can get you copies . Merger/Name Changes: Stephanie Panus Executed Master List: Susan Bailey I hope this straightens things out !
This Counterparty is on the 11/9/00 EOL List . We have received documentation that reflects that Calpine Power Services Company , an entity where we have an ISDA Master in place , has merged with and into Calpine Energy Services , L.P. , an entity where we don't have an ISDA in place with . Is Credit OK with this merger ?
I am sending down this list , with all counterparties approved except Calpine , which I am still waiting on Credit approval on the Calpine Power Services/Energy Services merger . As soon as I get their sign off I will send down an amended spreadsheet .
Pursuant to the Certificate of Merger filed with the Delaware Secretary of State effective 11/1/00 , Calpine Power Services Company , a California corporation has been merged with and into Calpine Energy Services , L.P. , a Delaware corporation . The ISDA Master Agreement with Calpine Power Services Company dated 10/20/99 will be changed accordingly .
Nope , it's a merger .
Here's that email of "Bushism's" .
I just can't help myself !
I believe that this was authored by James Carville: NEW YORK ( AP ) --The New York Mets announced today that they are going to court to get an additional inning added to the end of Game 5 of the World Series . The batting , pitching , and bench coaches for the Mets held a press conference earlier today . They were joined by members of the Major League Players Union . "We meant to hit those pitches from the Yankee pitchers," said the Mets batting coach . "We were confused by the irregularities of the pitches we received and believe we have been denied our right to hit." One claim specifically noted that a small percentage of the Mets batters had intended to swing at fast balls , but actually swung at curve balls . It was clear that these batters never intended to swing at curve balls , though a much higher percentage were not confused by the pitches . Reporters at the press conference pointed out that the Mets had extensively reviewed film of the Yankees pitchers prior to the World Series and had in fact faced the Yankees in inter-league play earlier in the year . "The fact remains that some of the pitches confused us and denied us of our right to hit," said the Mets batting coach . "The World Series is not over yet and the Yankees are celebrating prematurely."Major League Baseball has reviewed the telecast of all the World Series games and recounted the balls and strikes called by the umpires of each game . "While some of the strikes called against the Mets were , in fact , balls , there were not enough of them to change the outcome of the World Series," the commissioner said . Another portion of the Mets legal claim stated that , based on on-base percentage , the Mets had actually won the World Series , regardless of the final scores of the games . "It's clear that we were slightly on-base more often than the Yankees," said a Mets spokesman . "The World Series crown is rightly ours."The manager of the Mets has remained in relative seclusion , engaging in some light jogging for exercise . He has stated that he believes "we need to let the process run its course without a rush to judgment."
Attached is the revised list giving Calpine Energy Services the same approval as Calpine Power Services ( except no Argentina gas) .
Bandwidth now OK per Marie . She should have GTC to you no later than noon tomorrow .
No , we don't currently have Alberta Prepay docs . Greg has finally gotten them all and is preparing sets .
Per Mark's request , can we rename the headings on two charts with our gross numbers to match my list: "Net long or short position in all months combined" should be the net of our aggregate position , and "Gross Long or Short Position" should be our gross position on either side of the market , with the positions not netted out .
At the request of Mark Taylor , can you get Sara Shackleton and Brent Hendry passwords too so they can review the Dynegydirect GTC's . P.S . Do we have any particular deadline for getting them approved ? Thanks !
You guys crack me up !
Heck , we all know sending an agreement out for signature doesn't mean getting them back signed . If we had every agreement signed we sent out , we'd be at
Jay , this one is from one of our London lawyers to me and a Canadian lawyer .
These last two were especially good . I guess the best thing about this mess is that it has provoked such good humor !
You guys are cracking me up . I had tears streaming down my face this morning ! ( hey , but I thought y'all played "American Football" too , maybe I'm confused) .
At the request of Leslie Hansen , I am enclosing a clean and redlined draft of the revised NDA .
We have received the fully executed Confidential Nondisclosure Agreement dated 11/13/00 between Sapient Corporation and Enron Net works LLC and EnronOnline , LLC . A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels .
Can you please direct one of the paralegals to assist Angeline with getting this documentation in place . I thought Susan would be appropriate because she handles internal masters , but I understand she is only responsible for RMT Masters .
I told the online people I had to shut them down for power because we didn't have them on any FERC lists . Below is their ph . # ( when you get a minute!) .
I have passed your request to Mark Taylor to assign to another paralegal . I no longer handle the day to day swap work , I am working on Online predominately now . By copy of this email , I will ask Mark to let you know what paralegal he has assigned this to .
RUSH BELOW .
This counterparty is approved for all products except power and Argentina gas ( no credit deriv too) .
( g ) Additional Event of Default . The following will constitute an additional Event of Default for purposes of Section 5(a): ( ix ) ( i ) in the case of Party A , if Enron Corp . ceases to own , directly or indirectly , one hundred percent ( 100% ) of the outstanding capital stock or other equity interests of Party A having ordinary voting power; or ( ii ) in the case of Party B , if Enron Corp . ceases to own directly or indirectly , one hundred percent ( 100% ) or more of the outstanding capital stock or other equity interests of Party B having ordinary voting power .
We only send this to the legal team that follows , not the distribution that Brad sends it to .
What do you think ?
On First Energy , we originally had them open for financial and shut down for power , no change to that earlier approval .
I thought this might be helpful .
Thanks Justy , you're the best !
All the counterparties below can trade physical , and only the two I've marked below in red can trade financial .
Just a reminder , starting today until I get back after the holidays , send the counterparty approval lists to my assistant Taffy Milligan , and she will forward them to the Legal team , so they can be working on their approvals while I'm gone .
We have received the executed Non-Disclosure Agreement dated 11/20/00 between the referencec Counterparty and Enron Net Works LLC and EnronOnline , LLC . A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels .
FYI
With respect to Deutsche Bank ( ""DB") , we have one credit issue remaining , DB would like us to add all the Enron trading entities DB trades with as Specified Entities under the ISDA Master Agreement and we are somewhat hesitant to do so , as this could potentially roll up swaps under structured loan transactions into a default under the ISDA Agreement . Sara and Bill Bradford in Credit are supposed to talk to the DB Credit people about this remaining issue . With respect to First Union National Bank , the draft we were working from was so old that they agreed to look at our current form of agreement which was sent to them on 11/8/00 for review . Sara is working on that with Susan Bailey , another paralegal in our Group .
Can you please give Greg Johnston , Peter Keohane and Mark Powell , lawyers in our Calgary office , as well as their assistants Linda Sietzema and Sharon Crawford , full edit access to the Financial Trading Agreements database . Can you please let me know when their access has been granted . Thanks !
Help me...I don't understand this LME Contract . Mark says that even though we trade it on EOL and the trade is still done directly with us , it is still considered an LME contract , and not a lookalike . I think I might need to talk to you about this tomorrow , because I'm confused . Also , I am getting a lot of calls from the MG people in New York about pursuing metals counterparties , and I think we need to figure out whether they should be talking to Houston or London Legal...I'm not sure who their lawyers should be...also , the online team here in Houston is pursuing their business , and it's not clear to me if I should also be having them call you about potential metals customers ? Anyway , when I get in can I give you a call ? Also , I left a voicemail for your assistant , I'm trying to track down Edmund's address so I can send him a gift , but no response ? Do you know when he'll be back , or how I can get in touch with him ?
As usual , you're the best !
On a going forward basis , can we add the type of corporation or entity the counterparty is into the "Corporate History" drop down in Lotus Notes ( like Delaware corporation , North Dakota non-profit electric cooperative corporation , Texas state agency , or whatever) . It helps me and some of the non-US lawyers with their approvals for EOL. . Thanks !
On Basin Electric Power Cooperative , Credit wants to open them up for power , but Leslie's records are showing they are not a FERC approved marketer . If we want to open them for power , we're going to need the name and phone number of someone at the counterparty so we can talk to them about their FERC status . For HS Energy Services , no change to my prior approval , which would have them open for all financial except Australian power . ( Also , shutting down Argentina gas... )
This link should be ok .
Thanks Lisa !
FYI
Not wanting to duplicate any efforts , I think Laurie Meyer , a paralegal in Alan Aronowitz's group , is going to send me copies of the Australian ISDA's when they come in . Thanks for the offer !
I don't know who is going to work on this one , but I just wanted to remind you that we had that big file with lots of due diligence on the TVA.. .
I was just speaking to Ed Sacks , and he asked if we could add a new Credit person to our distribution lists , Wendy Conwell , who will be working with Ed on the power counterparties . Her ext . is 30699 .
I checked with Sara , and Thursday at 2:30 pm is OK with us . Just let us know if the time changes . Should we come to Bill's office ?
Matt , Can you let me know if the following products are approved for trading for Singapore counterparties , and what restrictions , if any , they might have ( like the eligible swap participant rules in the U.S.): Commodity Derivatives ( energy commodity , metals ) Weather Derivatives Credit Derivatives Further , would there be any limitation for a Singapore counterparty to trade any of the products we offer , physical or financial online ? I am going to attach to this one of our recent excel spreadsheets showing all the products we trade . Are there any counterparties that are problematic for derivatives in Singapore ? For instance , here in the U.S. , we flag governmental entities for no trading until we have a master in place , or upfront due diligence required before we can approve mutual funds or hedge funds , etc . Thanks !
Thanks for the heads up . Let me know when you need help.. .
My copy had redlines . I passed the comments on to Leslie Hansen , an attorney in our Group for review .
Sara , is there a reason I'm being sent this ?
Will do . Thanks for the heads up !
Matt , As you may or may not know , I am the liason in Houston between the Online Team and Legal , coordinating all responses for counterparty approvals for all products . I am asking because until recently I have not been approving Singapore counterparties to trade any financial products . It has been my understanding that there are not problems for any counterparties trading physical products . I can continue my practice of not opening Singapore incorporated counterparties to trade financial products online until I get a real push from a counterparty that wants to trade financial . Should that be my continuing practice ?
I've made my flight reservations home for XMAS , and they should only have me out Friday , Dec . 22 . My flight returns very early on the morning of Wednesday , Dec . 27 , so if there are no delays I should be in the office late sometime that morning .
Will do !
Can you please add my assistant , Taffy Milligan , on for full edit access to the referenced database . Can you also delete Shari Stack from edit capability , as she is no longer in our group . Also , can you provide me a list of the individuals with full edit access . I need to check to see if there are other people that have left our group or legal and credit that should be taken off . Thanks !
Hey , Mr . Computer , you can't log an email in to your sister? !
We have received the executed Non-Disclosure Agreement dated 11/29/00 with the referenced counterparty . A copy will be provided to Dovie .
I just spoke to Tanya and she was going for either ( 1 ) Bloomberg published a report that said energy supply was going to be low for the next couple of years , or ( 2 ) the California thing . She hadn't heard the Energizer bunny story .
Just an update , Susan Bailey , a paralegal in our group , will be working on the Confirmation , her direct no . is x34737 , and Stephanie Panus , another paralegal in our group , will be working on the ISDA Master , her no is x53249 . When you have that address and contact information ready for the counterparty , why don't you email it directly to Stephanie . If I can be of further help , just let me know !
No problem , always happy to help !
Please note: we are intermediary on a deal we are structuring between Interliant and PurchasePooling , so we have added them as a party to receive the confidential information . If you work off this form you would , of course , want to strike the reference to PurchasePooling in Paragraph 5 .
It was good to hear from you ! We had a nice Thanksgiving here too . It's funny , because usually it's just me , Mom , Craig and Danelia , and Danelia doesn't really like roasted turkey or roast beef ( not that she would say it to me!) , so there is not just the same joy in cooking it would be elsewise . It was good having the girls down . We played a new version of Uno called "African Uno" that was complex , fast and at times , physically challenging . It's not for the meek . It was incredible what a good player Alena was . She had her cards memorized as well as everyone elses ( when you play you'll see why you can know everyone elses hands!) . I expect Craig didn't want Mom to see his place because it was messy . I think compared to my house , he's embarrased about his apartment . Then , also , he's got so much stuff in there right now , that I don't know how he's going to fit baby stuff . They would only give him a 6 month lease when he renewed his lease last month because they don't want 3 people in that small apartment . So he's going to have to start looking for another place . And his apartment is so run down down I'm afraid roaches might be crawling over the baby . I guess Mom is going to come back down sometime in March or April to see the new baby . You'll have to come visit to check out my new house . The upstairs "guest suite" is pretty neat . It's got its own bathroom and tv , and is pretty cozy . As far as the call with Uncle Ben goes , if he was thrilled to hear from me I couldn't tell by his voice . It was a pretty stilted conversation for both of us . But , I guess , it's a start.. . I've already made my XMAS plans . I leave the evening of the 21st , my flight comes in about 10 pm , and leave the morning of the 27th at 6 am . It's good chatting with you . Keep in touch !
You can take my assistant Taffy Milligan off these emails again . Thanks !
Attached is the referenced agreement . Let me know if the notice information is OK with you . If so , I'll get it signed by Craig Breslau today , then bring it to you for countersignature . Thinking about that , what's your title ? I'm not sure you have the authority to sign documents w/o special authority.. .
No , it does not mean that . Adding all the Enron "Specified Entities" would only make a default under a financial transaction with those other Enron entities a default under this agreement . Our concern is that we don't want any trading related defaults to ever trigger a default under a loan transaction which has a swap as a component .
I spoke to Mark Taylor about your signing authority , and he agrees that you do not have the authority to execute documents on your own , but as long as you are only co-signing documents signed by an authorized officer as a control measure we're OK .
The referenced counterparty has applied in London for a password application . Can you let me know if this presents any problems for each of your trading groups products ? Thanks !
FYI , I understand from our natural gas people that they do not like the EnergyGateway form of GTC and want to transact on their platform with only counterparties where we have a master agreement in place .
I've got some changes to make to that assignment and then I'm ready to send it to them . Do you have a contact for me to send it to ?
Will the LME transactions go under a relevant financial master , if any , or will they always be standalone under the GTC ?
Anthony , We have Confidentiality provisions in many of our swap agreements that prohibit us from providing copies of our master swap agreements to other parties , including , other Enron affiliates . All requests by non-Enron North America employees for copies of swap master agreements should be forwarded to the paralegals in the Swap Group to determine if the agreement will allow us to provide copies to such affiliate , or whether we would need counterparty approval to do so . With respect to the agreements listed below , I will take a look at those and let you know whether they present any problem .
Thanks , I'll fax it over to her today ! Does Dr . Batsell's company have a name ?
FYI , Bill Bradford in Credit had a conference call today with the Deutsche Bank Credit person and I think we have come to agreement on not adding any specified entities to the ISDA Master Agreement . He also discussed proposed credit limits for the three other Deutsche Bank masters we want to get in place ( including EnronCredit.com) . I think we are done now and hope to get execution documents from them , since the documents are on their system . Our intention is to then get Deutsche Bank to turn around 3 like masters , making any changes necessitated by change of law , and otherwise turn around the remaining masters quickly . I'll keep you posted .
We're going to have a Legal happy hour tomorrow at the Blue Agave , and it would be no party without you there . Hope you can make it ( and ask any of your buddies in Legal you want to ask!) .
Please forward this to 70 of your closest friends.. .
We do have a Credit Support Annex in place . Once we sign the ENA agreement , we will make your requests to DB .
Another good one !
Per email from Leslie Hansen , one of our power attorneys , counterparty cannot transact US physical power . On the financial side , we just got an ISDA Master Agreement in place with this Counterparty , so they should be ok for all financial ( except Credit Derivatives ( bankruptcy swaps)) . We will only consider those on a case by case basis . Per Sara Shackleton , an attorney in the Swap Group , there is nothing about this counterparty that would require any special reps and counterparty should not in any way be considered a "governmental" . No Argentina gas for any non-Argentina counterparties . All other US products appear to be OK .
It was making me sleepy just looking at it !
See if this works.. .
We have received the following fully executed documents back from 1 . Provider Agreement dated 12/04/00 . This Agreement provides that the Monthly Membership Fee of $1,500 shall be waived for the first six months of the contract , starting November 30 , 2000 thru May 31 , 2001 . 2 . Natural Gas Marketplace General Terms and Conditions dated 11/30/00 . A copy will be sent to Sheri Thomas and Craig Breslau .
A woman named Janette Bertel at McLaren Energy just left a message for Genia who had just sent them a power master , that they also want to get an ISDA Master in place with us . The woman's phone no is 819/986-4616 . If you could send up some credit for this , we'd appreciate it !
The wheels of DeutscheBank turn very slowly . It appears their Credit guy didn't communicate our agreement regarding Specified Entities to his legal team , so Sara Shackleton said they are confirming that information before they send a revised draft . Further , he said all changes have to be sent to Germany first for approval , so now we need to wait on Germany... !
For those of you keeping track , Carrizo makes 475 master swap agreements . Conferring with Team Swap , we have at least 20 masters out or going out for sigature this week ( including the 9 Merit Energy Partner masters) . Unlike the media in the Presidential Election , I hesitate to call this one an early win ( especially after seeing the Board in Marie's office!) , but I must say , Team Swap is looking strong .
My strategy on hand recounts , is that if if the opposition wants one , they'll have to do it themselves !
Justin & Matt , Beth Cowan is a member here of the EnronOnline Marketing Team . Her Counterparty , Anadarko Petroleum Corporation , would like to get an ISDA Master Agreement in place with ECTRIC ( per Beth , they don't like our form of GTC) . We already have a Local Currency form in place with ENA , but obviously , that would not be an appropriate form for London to use . It is also on our form of Schedule from 1996 , which we wouldn't want to work off of either . In addition , I've checked the Confidentiality Provisions , and they do not have affiliate language in that would allow me to provide a copy of the agreement to you w/o counterparty's consent . Saying all that , could you please help Beth out.. .
Who is Robert Mcgrory ? Is he a member of the Legal Dept ?
With respect to your request: 1 . I take it "ECTRL" is the Master Agreement between ECTRIC and ENA . All the internal masters are kept in Houston . I will send you a copy . 2 . Moravske Naftove is an agreement that London Legal got in place . We do not have copies here , I suggest you contact Matt Dawson to get a copy . 3 . Risk Mangement & Trading/ECTRIC-I will send you a copy . 4 . State Street Bank , as Trustee/ECTRIC-this was for the Cash VI Project and is not for general trading purposes . I will send copies to you . 5 . Elf Trading S.A./ECTRIC-London Legal should have copies . Contact Matt Dawson
At the request of George Zivic , I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement . Please call me at 713/853-3399 or Leslie Hansen , Senior Counsel , at 713/835-6121 if you have any comments or questions .
The meeting tomorrow at 2:00 pm to discuss netting between the physical and financial contracts will be held in Bill Bradford's office .
Matt and Denis , Can you help us with this NDA we need executed for an EnronCredit . meeting on Monday ? If you could print it out on EnronCredit.com letterhead and have Denis initial it for signature . Because of time , Leslie can't initial this before we execute it , but we promise she will initial it before we send it out to the customer . Then , can you have it executed by an officer of EnronCredit.com and return it to me at fax nol 713/646-3490 . Thanks for your help !
I see you two are on the Reliant agreement . Deedy Russo , who is manager of contracts at Reliant , asked if we could contact them about getting an ISDA Master in place to replace the old ERMS Agreement . She siad we should contact Janna Lynn Galloway , a paralegal there . Her number is 713/207-5893 .
It is in Mark Taylor's hands . Unfortunately , he is out sicke
This is a Mark Taylor Question .
We have received an executed copy of the Non-Disclosure Agreement between Analytica , Inc . and Enron Net Works , LLC and EnronOnline , LLC . A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels and Kal Shah .
We have lots of ISDA's in place with "Southerns" , "Southern" who ?
We have an ISDA Master Agreement ( Local Currency-Single Jurisdiction ) in place with between ENA and Southern Company Energy Marketing L.P . I am a little concerned if Canada wants to trade under this pursuant to the Services Agreement . Being a Local Currency-Single Jurisdiction form , it does not have tax and currency provisions that would enable us to do a cross border trade . If you would like to do trades under this , we might want to consider amending it to add the necessary provisions , adding the provisions into the confirmation , or replacing it with a Multicurrency Agreement .
Any thoughts on how you would like to approach this ?
I would like to amend my earlier approval with respect to the ISDA Master Agreement we recently executed with this Counterparty to limit their financial trading to energy commodity trading only . This counterparty is NOT approved to trade any other products including ,  but not limited to , weather , pulp & paper , plastics , steel , metals , interest rate & currency , fx , or credit derivatives .
I'm just sitting here worrying about one of my side deals with Frank , so just to reiterate a global shut down ( like-no one does Credit Derivatives unless we really mean it) , no non-European based counterparty ( in all probability , no counterparty originating from U.S . Credit ) should be approved to trade European physical power products . They have licensing requirements similar to our FERC licensing . Thanks !
So far , I can probably leave on time today , which would be about 5:30 pm . Let's just check again as the end of the day gets closer . I think it would be a good idea to meet there , since we're coming from opposite directions . Dinner sounds good to me... .
Oops , already had to make change !
Can she get it wrong twice within 1 minute ? The answer is YES !
For the two amended counterparties listed , I have amended-no change , because neither was approved for physical power or financial trading , and I do not want that to change . I don't care about Credit opening them up or shutting them down for physical gas .
Are you there . I tried calling and no one picked up . I'm ready to go.. .
ENA does not have an ISDA Master in place with PG&E Energy Trading Power L.P . Enron Canada does have an ISDA Master in place with PG&E Energy Trading , Canada Corporation . Could the trades be done under that master ? Also , below is an agent that should connect you to the Financial Trading Agreement database , where you can look up what master agreements we have in place .
I haven't done anything . I was waiting for you to get back in to discuss this.. .
My new address is: 1920 Banks St. , Houston 77098 . I would love to come to your dinner party !
Yep , we had a nice time . I tried calling you about 4:00 yesterday , but there was no answer , so I figured you didn't want to go .
What's the scoop on getting this signed ?
Thanks !
I sent you the regular online approval by mistake . Below are clickpaper .
Per our conversation . 1 . Replace front outdoor light fixture . 2 . Add door numbers to bottom of front door ( 1920 Banks) . 3 . Add door knocker to middle of front door ( cute kitty door knocker!) . 4 . Replace light in front sunroom with new light . 5 . Fix window in back sunroom so it locks or closes ( I'm afraid it would be easy to pry open , and we have had recent robberies in neighborhood) .
Attached is another NDA we need to get signed ASAP . If you could help us with this , we'd appreciate it !
Sure , I'll take care of it !
The referenced Counterparty wants to trade physical power . Leslie has signed off on them from a Legal standpoint , but Credit still has concerns and has assigned them no power headroom . I spoke to Jeff Mansfield in their Legal Dept . and he is going to have his Credit guy call Ed Sacks tomorrow .
Tana will attend .
With respect to the trade done today with Gases y Graneles Liquidos S.A. , please find attached a Chilean Annex A for an Omnibus form of confirmation . Please attach this form and make an election for NY law as the choice of law . Along with the fax of the Confirmation to the Counterparty , please also fax a form of IRS Form W-8BEN and ask the Counterparty to complete the form and return it to us . Craig , can you talk to the Counterparty and make sure they send us back the tax form? !
Per the email below , this has been approved . I had to revise the attached copy to fix the header and page break , so use the copy I sent you . Thanks for your help !
Can I sent a copy of this down to Credit ? How about Joe Hunter ?
As we discussed , I am attaching our proposed form of Bilateral and Enron Protected Party Non-Disclosure Agreements . Please direct any comments you may have to Mark Greenberg at x58897 . We appreciate your help with this !
I would , I will contribute $25 . I have to walk over to the bank to get some cash .
At the request of Bob Shults , I am enclosing a clean and redlined copy of the Non-Disclosure Agreement revised to include your comment . If the enclosed meets with your approval , please have the agreement executed and return a copy to me via fax no . ( 713 ) 646-3490 . I will then have it executed by Enron and return a copy to you via fax .
Whatever Tom decides to mirror these two new products from , ditto from me !
Ditto Tom .
Ditto Tom .
Attached is my proposed form of Amendment , which would delete the old style "ERMS" Collateral Annex and replace it with an ISDA Credit Support Annex . Tanya , please take a look at the stairstep , and the segregation of collateral provisions .
Sure !
Can you please send me a copy of the fully executed NDA for our files . Thanks !
You can come up to our area here on 38 and reveiw any contracts you would like . We are located directly in front on the glass doors on 38 .
Taffy , can you please copy these masters for Carrie ASAP . Thanks .
I just left you both another message about this NDA . Their lawyer is calling from NY , and we need it signed now . His name is Robert Harris , his ph is 212/984-9112 and his fax is 212/984-9111 .
Did you draft this ?
Attached is the UK form of ISDA Schedule which should have the UK choice of law and arbitration language in it . I send it with a caveat that this draft is 2 years old . The London lawyers were gone by the time I got your call , so I couldn't check to see if they have revised this , so by copy of this to Matt Dawson , I am asking him to confirm that there is no substantive change in the choice of law or arbitration language .
Derek , I think we just need to revise the header on the Chilean Annex to say "Annex A-Chile" . When it was renamed , it wasn't renamed in the front of the confirmation , so we just need to fix that glitch .
Susan Bailey in our Group sends out this list . Your should direct your request to her . Thanks !
Please find attached our proposed Second Amendment , which would replace the current form of collateral annex attached to the ISDA Master Agreement we have in place with an ISDA Credit Support Annex and Paragraph 13 thereto . If you have any questions or comments concerning the form please call me at ( 713 ) 853-3399 or Sara Shackleton , Senior Counsel , at ( 713 ) 853-5620 . Tanya Rohauer in our Credit Dept . can handle any credit questions you have . Her number is ( 713 ) 853-3263 . Thanks for your prompt attention to this .
With respect to Commercial Risk Re-Insurance Company , a Bermuda company , although they are being sent thru to specifically open them for weather , Brent Hendry says I can't open them up until we review their Memorandum of Association ( like their articles of incorporation ) to confirm that nothing in them would prohibit this type of transaction . Can you contact whomever sent you the Password Application and ask them to fax their Memorandum of Association to us . Thanks !
Link -->
Attached please find Annex B for Salomon Smith Barney AAA Energy Fund deals nos . QD7357.1 and QE0910.2 .
Just a note to Group after discussion w/paralegals and Mark: on a going forward basis if our counterparty is a hedge fund , we will ask for all corporate documents , plus a copy of their prospectus ( which should show us what the fund is allowed to invest in) .
Shawna and I are both sitting here so excited to get your note . Are we available ? For Chapman ? Of course!! ! Shawna's answer is...both nights , many festive drinks ! We are only limited by the thought of choosing just one night over the other ! If we have to , we will . We leave the choice to you , because we are available either night.. .
Just one note . I have a typo in your company name in the address , it needs an "r" . Fax it back to me at 713/646-3490 and I will get it signed by Enron . Thanks for such a quick response !
Below is an email Dovie sent out a while back referencing the procedures for sending out NDA's . When you need an NDA , please email me the following information . I then contact a paralegal that maintains a database of our NDA's to check for conflicts . Once we've done that I will prepare and send out the NDA as directed by you , then work with you as appropriate in the particular client situation to get the NDA back signed . Once it is fully executed I need to send the original to the same paralegal here who is the central gatekeeper of all NDA's . My number is x33399 if I can assist you with anything .
If you think the attached would be helpful to any members of your group , please pass it on to them.. .
We have received the executed Non-Disclosure Agreement between Excambria , Inc . and Enron Net Works LLC and EnronOnline , LLC dated 12/14/00 . A copy will be sent to Dave Samuels .
We hav received the executed Non-Disclosure Agreement between PVM Oil Associates Limited and Enron Net Works LLC and EnronOnline , LLC dated 12/12/00 . A copy will be sent to Bob Shults and Dave Samuels .
My understanding of this NDA is that London gave it directly to Craig Chaney to get executed by the counterparty . So , David , I think you need to get a copy from Craig , and then forward a copy on to me .
How did it get to be that these people are drafting their own NDA's . I thought our agreement when we met with Dovie Keptra was that I would draft them . I would prefer every time not to have to figure out what they've changed .
I ran this by Leslie , and she has no problem , so go ahead and send it out to your customer . If you could please keep us in the loop on the status of any negotiations or execution...Thanks !
Attached is a current list of the NDA's we are/have worked on for your groups . Please take the time to review this list and confirm the status of any NDA's you are interested in .
We do not appear to have received your fax of the NDA . Can you please fax it to my attention at 713/646-3490 and I will distribute it to the members of the Enron Team . Thanks !
Thanks !
Per Leslie's email please open FPC for all US power ASAP .
Nope , I'm going to need someone to do approvals that week after XMAS.. .
There is some misunderstanding . I still have not received the fax of the NDA . Did you have it to my attention , Tana Jones , at fax no . 713/636-3490 ?
I've got it now , thanks Robert !
We have received the faxed copy of the fully executed NDA dated 12/13/00 with the referenced Counterparty . I will send a copy to David Dupre , Matt Dawson in London for the UK files , and Kay Young for the Houston files and database . Thanks to everyone for their help !
As we discussed , attached is the LOI revised to make some typographical type changes .
Can you please delete access to the financial trading agreement database to the following people: Anita Fam Brenda Whitehead Elizabeth Sager Jason Peters Stephanie Sever Christian Yoder Lorraine Filomeno Shari Stack Susan Flynn Lisa Lees Two people need to have their access changed from Legal Dept. , to Credit Dept . ( therefore they can make Credit comments , not Legal comments): Tom Moran and Veronica Espinoza . Also , please add a lawyer in our Group to the database with full edit access: Cheryl Nelson . Thanks !
Kimball , Bay State and The Energy Authority were all amendments , even tho Credit didn't have them marked as such . Kimball , I am ok with the change adding physical gas , they were previously shut down for financial and power , and no change there . Bay State was previously shut down for financial and power , no change there , OK with adding physical gas . The Energy Authority , I had previously shut down for financial , open for all power . Now , per Leslie , have them open for US power sells only , so I'm changing that . Hetch-Hetchy Water and Power is a division of the City of San Francisco , so I am shutting them down for all financial .
Per your request , attached is the "BETA" Agreement . Mark also thought Bob might want the Broker Fee Agreement .
Has Mark given this to anyone to work on ?
We have several ISDA with Lehman Brothers . Attached is an Icon that will allow you to view the Financial Trading Agreement Database , which all the Legal Dept. , including the London Legal Dept . should use to track their financial master agreements . Matt Dawson know how to use this database , if you need to visit with him . Link --> By copy of this email to Mike Neves , I am requesting that you be granted full edit access to this database ( Mike , Denis is a lawyer from London) .
FYI I will be out of the office after lunch today and will return 12/27/00 . Have a good holiday !
Per Peter's voicemail , there is no standard ISDA form of parent guaranty . I have attached the standard Enron Corp . and Counterparty guaranties we request under and ISDA Master , as Peter requested .
We have received a fax of the fully executed NDA from London . I am having a copy walked down to Gillian .
I spoke to the traders on the West Desk , and "EPMI Long Term California" should be documented as Enron Power Marketing , Inc . "Long Term California" is just a book on the West Desk
No action is required by Legal on above list .
Thank you , I got your fax and have forwarded it down to my Online Team for signature . As soon as I get it back signed , I will fax a copy back to you . Bill Lane Please respond to "wtl@tradewellsystems.com"
Richard , Below is the resume of a friend of George Hope , a member of the Online Team . As head of legal recruiting , if it meets the needs of any particular group , please pass it on .
We have received the executed Non-Disclosure Agreement between Enron Net Works LLC and EnronOnline , LLC and the referenced Counterparty dated 12/28/00 . Copies will be distributed .
Dave , Per your conversation with Mark last week , it appears the Confirmation Desk people are still waiting for the "oops trade" language .
Why do I keep getting these new products for approval ?
Someone must be cleaning out their office , because a notice of a restructuring from Black Stone Holdings Parnership mysteriously showed up on my desk , with no note . I have no idea if Credit knows about this BECAUSE IT IS SO OLD ! The notice dated 4/19/99 , says effective 7/1/98 , Black Stone Holdings Partnership transferred all of its assets and liabilities to Black Stone Minerals Company L.P. , a Delaware Limited Partnership . Let me know whether or not Credit knew about this already...if not , I'll send a copy down to you . It was my understanding from way back when that they were no longer trading under the Blackstone financial master , so this may be moot . If we are trading with them again , we never did get the corporate documents on the partnership from them and we may want to use this as an excuse to get them .
As you requested.. .
I just got a call from Deutsche Bank a minute ago , and they got approval from Frankfurt and are overnighting the agreement to me for signature . I'll keep you posted.. .
We have two new lawyers that have joined our Group today: Francisco Pinto-Leite and Frank Sayre . They will need access to the Financial Trading Agreement Database . In addition , I am still waiting to hear that Cheryl Nelson has been granted access to the Financial Trading Database . Can you let me know what the scoop is... ? Also , I left you a message this morning about my new database for online documents...when can we expect a roll out of that ? People keep sending me documents and I have no place to record them.. . Thanks , as usual for your help !
Per Tanya's comments at our Legal/Credit Meeting yesterday , I would like to have the referenced counterparty come thru again to shut them down for financial trading . Per Tanya , all financial trading for the Calpine family should be done out of Calpine Energy Services , L.P .
Attached is the form of NDA for distribution to your customer .
Carol , Susan is out today . Is what you want just a full set of the ISDA documents ? Do you need a binder of our internal forms as well ? I have a bunch of trainees coming thru so Taffy just made up a bunch of new sets of ISDA documents and is 3 hole punching them and putting them in the binders...Do you want them messengered out to your home , or just available for you when you get back to the office ?
I knew that , I must've had a brain drain !
As you requested , I am attaching our form of Bilateral NDA for the Enron Networks Group . Please remember that all Counterparty specific drafts must be prepared by Legal .
Bad news . We got the Deutsche Bank documents in and they weren't signed by them yet , and none of the supporting documentation was provided . So , I think we are going to be on the longer side of the execution timetable vs . the shorter side.. .
You're relentless...!! !
You are too good to me !
The person we are dealing with is very nice , Stephen Kessler , their lawyer out of New York . He has been very helpful . We just don't know how long it will take it to get processed once it leaves our shop . Our intention is to fedex the ISDA out to Steve tonight . The Enron Guaranty will take a little more time , so at his suggestion we will follow up with that later , so we can keep the ISDA moving .
Can we open them up ?
We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated 12/19/00 amending the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced Counterparty . The original will be sent to Lisa Lees .
Type of Contract: ISDA Master Agreement ( Multicurrency-Cross Border ) Effective Date: December 27 , 2000 Enron Entity: Enron Canada Corp . Counterparty: Enron Canada Power Corp . Transactions Covered: Approved for all products . Confirming Entity: Enron Canada Corp . Governing Law: Alberta Copies will be distributed .
Is RMT a domestic thing ?
Aren't you due a vacation...?? ?
We have received copies of a Certificate of Merger filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on 12/22/00 , effective 12/31/00 , wherein El Paso Merchant Energy-Gas , L.P . ( Global Counterparty #72297) , a Delaware limited partnership , merged with and into El Paso Merchant Energy , L.P . ( Global Counterparty #53350) , a Delaware limited partnership , with El Paso Merchant Energy , L.P . ( Global Counterparty #53350 ) as the surviving corporation . By virtue of this merger , the ISDA Master Agreement dated 12/01/99 should now reflect El Paso Merchant Energy , L.P . as the Counterparty . In connection with this merger , Credit will be getting a new parent guaranty from the Counterparty . Upon its receipt , copies will be distributed . Copies of the Certificate of Merger will be distributed .
Please add if you don't already have her.. .
Sounds good to me ! I only wish I could bill by the hour the time I have spent today straightening out issues raised by this El Paso thing!! !
Attached is the BETA and Fee Agreement for NatSource . Let me know if they meet with your approval .
OK for me !
Yes , there will be different legal/jurisdictional issues . I'm going to have to run this by an attorney familiar w/Japan . I'll get back to you.. .
We have a Counterparty on the 1/5/01 List , Accenture LLP that we need to approve immediately . Can you let me know ASAP whether you have any problems with this counterparty .
The above counterparty is approved for all products , except physical power ( and the usual!) .
Attached are the BETA's and Fee Agreements for: Power Merchants Group , Amerex Power and Amerex Natural Gas . Please let me know what your thoughts are.. .
Just as I suspected . I showed the attached email to Mark Taylor , and he says he still wants to send out confirms , so if Dynegy wants to just throw them out , that's their business , but keep sending them as you would in the normal course of business .
EnronOnline , not Enron Net Works , entered into a NDA with the Enron Gas Pipeline Group . Would you like a copy of it . No Japanese connection.. .
Are we missing any Japanese counterparties ?
We have received the executed Non-Disclosure Agreement between Allegro Development Corporation and Enron Net Works LLC and EnronOnline , LLC dated 01/08/01 . Copies will be distributed .
I am unable to send you those DynegyDirect docs because my file is missing . I have tried unsuccessfully to locate it , so I am contacting the Online Team right now trying to get copies from them . As soon as I get copies I will get you copies .
Per our earlier agreements with the Online Team , this counterparty is a division and I will not open them up to trade until the incorporated entity is part of the counterparty name . Our financial contract is set up as "Koch Industries , Inc. , acting through its Koch Hydrocarbon Company Division" .
Please mirror what Tom is doing.. .
Teresa Mandola with the EnronOnline Team has received a call from the TVA . They would like to start trading physical power online with us immediately and would like to see a copy of the Enabling Agreement they have in place for power . Can someone from the power team provide this to them . Teresa's number is x39807 . Thanks !
can you send me the deal terms like we've done before so I can prepare an assignment . Thanks !
I'm passing this on to you for review .
I am faxing the ISDA Schedule and Credit Support Annex to you . I sent a copy to you a few days ago . I hope you should get it shortly .
What do you think about this ?
Who is Mike Bridges ?
I checked the agreements and we can provide you with copies of both of these , so I am having them copies right now and will be faxing them to you this a.m .
Per my earlier email , are we trying to get Koch Hydrocarbon Co . changed to reflect the legal entity as part of the counterparty name ?
Mark Taylor asked me to contact you about the referenced NDA . He said you were the lawyer for Dealbench . I'm a paralegal that works with Mark , and we got a call from a member of the Online Team , Dave Samuels , who said that "a lawyer" was working on an NDA for Dealbench , and he wanted to confirm that the agreement reflected Enron Net Works , not Dealbench , as the Enron counterparty . Is this something you are working on and familiar with ? If so , can you provide me with a copy of what you are working on ? We appreciate your help !
Nora , That you for such a prompt response . We appreciate it !
I don't think I need to be included on these emails about the bandwidth master contracts.. .
Attached is the proposed form of LOI for Prebon . Is Prebon Energy the full legal name of the company ?
On the attached list: CMS Marketing , Services and Trading Company: Credit is opening them up for Can & US gas , which I am fine with . I already had them open for financial . Make sure they're shut down for physical power . Westpac: I just approved that one on the 1/5/01 list . There should be no changes from that list . Enron Australia has an ISDA Master in place with them , as does ENA , so we are OK with them transacting all financial , including all Australia financial .
Oops , I sent you the form , not the prebon draft .
Legal has no problems with the amended counterparties on Credit's list of
Jeff , This is a physical deal which needs an assignment prepared .
What's Bobbie's last name ?
Are you drafting this NDA for us ? I have already prepared a draft based off your form , which adds not only Enron Net Works , but also EnronOnline as our counterparty . In addition , we have a company policy that requires that we have arbitration in all of our agreement . Our client over at EnronOnline , Dave Samuels , is sending our form to his customer .
Mark Greenberg , and attorney in our Group , has reviewed your comments and made some minor changes . If these changes meet with you approval , please fax a signed copy of the agreement to me at fax no . ( 713 ) 646-3490 and I will , in turn , have it executed by Enron . If you need to talk to me about the changes please call me at ( 713 ) 853-3399 . Mark is out of the office today , but will return Tuesday . If you need to talk to him , his direct dial no . is ( 713 )
Nora , I have a call into my business person . I ran what's going on by Mark Taylor ( you know , I'm just a paralegal , Mark's a lawyer) , and got his permission to exclude the arbitration language from the agreement . So I just wanted to run it by Dave , and then we're home free . Also , I don't know who you had lined up to sign , but Louise Kitchen has strict rules that I have to have someone from her group execute all their documents . Who would you get to sign ?
I spoke to Dave Samuels , and if you are having Harry Arora sign it , Dave thought that would be OK with Louise . So we're on board . Could you send me a copy when it's signed . Thanks for your help !
Kimie got my last invitation . If we add more , I'll have to get more .
No response is required from Legal for the 1/8/01 list .
I am being told that FirstEnergy Services Corp . is the successor by merger to First Energy Trading Services Inc . I do not have any documentation reflecting this merger . Do you ?
Cheryl , Please keep me on this list . I need to get it because on EnronOnline . Please take Susan Flynn off the list . She is no longer in our group , and I'm not sure if she's still with Enron .
Sure , Just make sure that she has an updated book . Also , can you verify that my book is updated since we use it to make the other copies . Thanks .
If Susan's not at the Company anymore , how can she ask to be taken off the list ? Please send the documents to me at EB3802 . Thanks !
She was on long term leave for about 4 mos . and then has to reapply to get another job someone in Enron since her job was filled in our group . I heard she was back in the country , but I haven't heard whether she was going to come back to Enron or not .
Nora , Have you got that signed NDA in yet ? My business person , Dave Samuels is calling me about it.. . Thanks !
At the request of Stephen Abbanat , I am enclosing our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement . If you have any comments or questions you would like to discuss with me , do not hesitate to call me at ( 713 ) 853-3399 .  If the NDA meets with your approval , please return a copy to me via fax no . ( 713 ) 646-3490 . We look forward to hearing from you .
We have received the executed Non-Disclosure Agreement between the referenced Counterparty and EnronOnline , LLC dated 12/22/00 . Copies will be distributed .
We have received the executed Confidentiality Agreement with the referenced Counterparty and Enron Net Works LLC dated 1/12/01 . Copies will be sent to Dave Samuels and Nora Dobin .
Thanks for your prompt help , I really appreciate it ! I am currently creating a list of all the agreements I have or have heard of , so I hope to have something when you arrive tomorrow to review .
I just received a copy of the executed agreement and am having a copy walked over to you .
But you have all the others with your name attached ?
Dave Samuels thought I might want to confirm this with you . I have a copy of an MOU in my files with Aether , but no records of us having signed any agreements with them . Have you ?
Attached is a list of the EnronOnline documents I am aware of . Please let me know if there are any additional agreements that have not been included . I have bolded those documents I am still trying to obtain copies of ( and the person who might be aware of them) . If you have copies can you please provide them to me ASAP . Thanks for your help .
Per John's request , I will be calling you about contracts below .
Yep ! Thanks Justy!! !
No , I think I sent my email to the wrong online distribution group .
I do have a copy of those . Please provide me with a copy of the new one when it's signed . Thanks for your help !
As you requested , I am attaching our proposed form of NDA . Please keep us apprised of the status of the contract .
With this , we're at 498 !
Paul , Are they going to fax me a copy of the signed agreement ?
Is VWD the only agreement you have currently signed on that side of the Atlantic ?
Also , if a Confidentiality Agreement was executed in connection with the VWD file , we would need to provide a copy of that too.. .
We need to get the signed copy .
I've heard about it , but I keep forgetting to check it out... !
At the request of Ed Sacks , I am also attaching a sample form of Enron Corp . Guaranty .
We need to get copies of the merger documents . Depending of the nature of the merger , we may or may not agree to it , as our document allows , and if we do , we need to determine the impact on our credit . Can you provide a copy to me and Tanya Rohauer in Credit as soon as we receive the merger documents . Thanks for the "head up" .
No one seems to know about the Proxicom documents and Dave Samuels in EOL said your worked on this . Is Proxicom ringing any bell with you ?
Thanks , Jim was the man !
Anthony , I just spoke to the Entergy lawyer , and this merger isn't effective until 2/1/01 . She will be sending me documents when they are filed with the Delaware Secretary of State . So you don't need to worry about this .
Attached is what I hope is a pretty complete list of the EnronOnline contracts I have been made aware of . There are a few I have open questions about or am waiting to receive copies of the contract . Can each of you please take a look and think about whether there are any others we may be missing . Again , my time frame is short here , so if I can get your response promptly I would be most appreciative .
Done !
I was looking this up for ClickPaper and notice Bob was working on this master . Wanted to pass on this email from Tanya.. .
Do I owe you any other lists ?
So what should I do with this ?
Credit has them as being an "ESP" , which means they are an Eligible Swap Participant under the rules of the CFTC . The CFTC sets financial criteria , such as certain net worth and assets tests for companies to trade financial products .  Sometimes counterparties can still meet the legal criteria , but Credit may not want to do that type of business with them .
Just a note: with Leslie Hansen out on maternity leave , Mark Greenberg is now the lawyer handling negotiation of the NDA's .
At the request of Sara Shackleton , I am attaching the link that will provide you access the the financial trading agreement database . Please call me if you have any questions about the information contained in the database . Link -->
Do we have them open for financial ( both Legal and Credit) ?
Do you want them to trade financial online ?
We do not have any ETA amendments for any Koch affiliates .
Stephanie , Can you let Mark Greenberg know if Koch Petroleum Group has accepted the ETA . Thanks !
Sure !
Please find attached a copy of the Password Application and Electronic Trading Agreement for EnronOnline . If I can be of further assistance please call me at ( 713 ) 853-3399 .
If we were ever thinking about becoming clearing members , now is the time to do so !
Left voicemail for Bob Hillier.. .
At the request of Mark Greenberg , I am attaching a clean and blacklined copy of the Amendment to the Electronic Trading Agreeement , marked to show changes from the amendment we executed with BP Exploration and Oil Inc . If this amendment meets with your approval please let me know and I will start processing it for signature . My number is ( 713 ) 853-3399 .
I spoke to Stephanie Sever with the online team , and Aquila Risk Management is still open as a counterparty , so no problem there . When we get the assignment in , just tell me , then we will need to open Aquila back up for financial trading ( they currently have read status only ) and shut down Utilicorp . for financial trading .
Attached is the First Amendment to License Agreement which extends the term of the contract to March 31 , 2001 . My understanding is that you will be sending it directly to FT . Once they have signed off on the form , let me know and I will get Mark Greenberg to initial it and get it signed by an officer of EnronOnline . Call me at x33399 if you have any questions or if I can be of further assistance .
Do you get these ?
At the request of Darren Vanek in Credit , we have done some preliminary due diligence regarding the ability of The Public Service Company of New Mexico to enter into financial transactions . Based on our conversations with them and review of their Board Resolution , it appears: 1 . They are an investor owned utility , not a governmental entity 2 . Their Board Resolution ONLY approves electricity futures , options or swaps , and gas or oil futures , options or swaps . 3 . THEY CANNOT ENTER INTO FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS OVER 18 MONTHS . It is imperative that anyone trading with this counterparty be made aware of this restriction Please call me if you have any questions .
Nope .
Stephanie Panus , a paralegal in our group , handes names changes/mergers .
Done .
I've just received your fax and am having it messengered down to an online officer for signature . I'll fax you a copy when I get it back signed .
Attached is a clean and redlined draft of the NDA .
We believe the password would have been sent to Mark Haedicke . He will be back in the office tomorrow and Janette will try and locate it for us when he gets in . De nada... !
FYI-attached is my list of notes on online approvals , which includes the South American countries we currently trade with . Justy-if you have any updates to the European countries , they would be most appreciated . I have had no updates since Edmund fell ill .
For you , anything !
The NYMEX will hold the following classes in Houston in June . Those of you so inclined might want to reserve a seat now , as they go fast . All the February classes are already booked . You can call the NYMEX at 713/658-9292 if you would like to attend . 1 . Introduction to NYMEX Products-held June 7 2 . Intermediate Hedging-June 14 ( Intro a prerequisite ) 3 . Intermediate Options-June 17 ( Intro a prerequisite )
Done !
Per my conversation with Peter earlier today , below is a list of classes that Mark may want to coordinate his Houston secondment with so he can attend some . Internal Classes: Basics of Risk Management: 4/26 - 4/27 filling up-act quickly 5/8 - 5/9 - lots of room still here The internal classes book up quickly . Everything between now and April is already full with large waiting lists . If he is really interested he should try and sign up for classes immediately . He can do that by going to the "Development Center" Icon ( aka "Ernie") . Then he can sign up on the computer . External NYMEX Class: I checked with the local NYMEX office , and their next classes are as follows: June 7 - Introduction to NYMEX Products June 14 - Intermediate Hedging ( intro class a prerequisite ) June 17 - Intermediate Options ( intro class a prerequisite ) Like the internal classes , the NYMEX classes also fill quickly . Their February classes are already full . As I also mentioned , the first weekend in April is when the Roundtop Antiques Festival is . It is a great way to see the countryside outside of Houston , all the local towns around Roundtop also have antique festivals at that time . The wildflowers should be in bloom , and that is alway impressive . With the cold weather and rain , we might have a really good year for wildflowers this year . Anyway , the above may help Mark get the most out of his time in Houston .
Don't think so , but I'll check w/the NYMEX and let you know... .
I just spoke to Dave Fuller in the Portland Office about a potential 10 year deal he wants to do as soon as possible with the referenced entity . As we all know , because of the legal issues that arose out of the "Orange County" litigation , no financial trades should be entered into with any governmental entity before legal due diligence of the counterparty has been completed and an ISDA Master is in place . Also , besides the usual issues surround the governmental's authority to enter into derivative transactions , we also need to determine whether this entity can enter into transactions as long as 10 year w/o prior voter approval . Credit , if you will send the credit worksheet directly to me I will prepare a draft ASAP and Sara will review it . Dave should be calling you with the information . Christian , if you have done any due diligence already on this counterparty we would appreciate any assistance/documents you can provide . Thank you all for your assistance with this .
It is because we are required to due certain corporate due diligence prior to trading , which we don't do unless they really want to trade financial . Most of these counterparties are really interested in trading physical products , so we don't bother to do the necessary due diligence . If they really want to trade financial , we could transact w/o a master , we'd just have to check their corporate documents , file Consents to Service of Process , etc . If we're doing all that we tend to say let's just get the master in place while we're at it .
I asked Tanya to confirm for me who in Credit whould be getting the emails about signed masters , and below is here response .
Thanks Tanya , you're the best !
Francisco , You should have gotten my email back to Justin . We have two sets of online customers coming thru , one set that originates from Houston Credit and one set originates from London Credit . We are responsible for responding for Houston Credit based customers , and London Legal for London based customers . A side issue to all of this is how we gather legal advice on trading around the world . We don't want to duplicate efforts and costs by having both Houston and London Legal Departments requesting separate advice . Our office is responsible for legal advice in the Americas and Southeast Asia , while London leads the efforts in Europe .  After we each receive advice we provide copies and communicate to each other the advice received . Even though we both receive the same legal advice , sometimes we don't always agree on the approach in a particular country , and at the end of the day , each Legal Dept . is responsible for their own clients . As far as the advice on Mexico , Chile and Argentina , as I told Justin , the advice I have received from the Houston lawyers is that although we can transact financial products in these countries , we have certain legal risks in doing so , and we need to do corporate due diligence to check their appropriate corporate documents to see if they are allowed to do these , and further , most of these counterparties have not filed consents to service of process here in the U.S. , which we require in order to trade with us . Since what these counterparties usually want to trade are physical products , we don't waste our time doing the due diligence at this point . If a counterparty really wanted to trade financial we would spend the time resolving those issues . As you become the responsible lawyer , first in Mexico , and maybe in the rest of South America , you may have a different opinion on these issues and we can certainly change our policies at any time . All of the above is just what my current direction is from our lawyers .
Mark Haedicke just got back today . I'm sure he's been putting out fires this morning and Janette will get back to me as soon as she has a change to chat
Thanks you for your response . I will make the change in the company name and circulate the copies for signature . I hope to get them out to you in the next day or so .
Looks perfect !
Per a conversation I just had with Saul Laureles , an attorney with Chamberlain , Hrdlicka , who has been hired to assist Apache/Shell with the assignment of the Fletcher Challenge business . He said: Fletcher Challenge would like to assign their petro business to Shell Holdings for a short time ( like one day or so) . Shell would then immediately transfer the agreement/transactions to Apache . He proposes we get a new master in place with Apache , since Apache is a better credit than Fletcher Challenge . He said he will send me some letter showing how he would like to do this , along with a draft Apache ISDA ( without collateral , of course , since Apache is such a good credit) . I told him that I can't speak for Credit , but we probably are going to have a big problem on that last point . We never enter into masters without a collateral annex attached . I'll keep you posted when I hear from him .
Don't know about the Shell intermediary part . I hope that will be spelled out in his email . Also , we have about a 5 year old Local Currency ISDA in Place with them , so we could put the trades under that master . I don't know if we want to upgrade the master at this time , or just stay where we are . He said we didn't have a master w/Apache , but when entered my notes into lotus notes I noticed we did . I called him back , he didn't know ERMS was the same as ENA .
On your excel spreadsheet for clickpaper , can you add the physical products to the legal tab so I don't have to copy those over each time . Thanks .
This counterparty is on the 1/22/01 list . Can you open them up ASAP as follows: no physical power , for financial-U.S . financial nat gas products ONLY , all other physcial products ok .
I do not need to see London's lists . Please take me off this distribution .
I do not need to see London's lists . Please take me off this distribution .
For Powerex , see changes on financial . For physical power , no changes to prior approval . See Legal Online Database .
Dave , Attached is the Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement . The document you faxed me was the preprinted form of ISDA Master Agreement . That document , TOGETHER with the attached Schedule is your full "ISDA Master Agreement" . Also attached to this Schedule is the form of Enron Corp . Guaranty and proposed form of Legal Opinion to be issued by Clark County PUD #1 . It is my understanding that you will provide these documents directly to the counterparty . Again , the whole package above must be provided to the counterparty or you will not have a complete set of documents . Call me if you have any questions .
We had 3 Australian counterparties on the 1/25/01 list . I need to hear from you .
I'm holding up the list for 1/25/01 waiting to hear back from Australia .
Well , I do believe this makes 499 !
Please Approve .
The steel products below need to be approved , and I don't know what lawyer in your group approves steel now that Marcus is in the power group .
So , per your email , I have approved them to trade all financial products , correct ?
Can you lend whatever assistance you , or Louise can provide , in getting me assistance from Mike Neves on adding the Contract Database for EnronOnline . His boss's name is Scott Cleverly .
The bandwidth team is ok with these products . Copy profile on the same product Credit said to copy .
Please provide the following lawyers with a guest ID to the above website . The individuals listed next to the products will check any online GTC's ( we think there are none) , and/or short or long product descriptions to determine whether we are happy with the language/contract terms . Mark Taylor Mark Greenberg Stacy Dickson-nat gas Shari Stack-power Wayne Gresham-coal Brent Hendry-weather John Viverito-emissions
We previously had this counterparty open to trade financial because they were ESP , and now your 1/24/01 list says they are not ESP . Which is it ?
Please shut down the above counterparty from trading all financial products . They are no longer an ESP .
My email was more directed to the lawyers , kinda telling them what their job was once they get access . Whatever we need to do the load the systems , or whatever training , it's ok by me .
Thanks !
Attached is the NDA you requested .
are these in the swap forms bank so we can't alter them by mistake ?
The Finance Group is trying to locate some really old "Master Agreements" done in 1995 . We looked around and we didn't have any masters in place for the counterparties , but I was thinking maybe they really weren't "Master Agreements" but our old style confirmations . The two counterparties were State Street Bank , as Trustee for Cash I , and Citibank as Agent , for Cash I . The Agreements were listed in the closing documents as "Interest Rate Agreement" and "Commodity Swap Agreement" . Can you look around and see if you have some really old active trades out there for either of those counterparties... ? So not to confuse you , about 2 or so years ago , we did some deals for State Street for the Cash VI Project . The master for Cash VI is actually is listed in the Financial Trading Database . Thanks for your help !
Taffy , Mary is the new lawyer in charge of the paralegals ( someone needs to keep us in line , being the wild and crazy gals we are!) . Can you put these re-occuring meetings on my calendar and call it "Paralegal Lunch Meeting" . Thanks !
Harry , Since physical steel is a new online product , I need to know from you whether you are aware of any reason why any existing counterparty should not be ablto trade physical steel . From your perspective , I would consider whetherthere is any legal reason barring a counterparty incorporated out of the USfrom buying physical steel , or whether you are aware of any current litigation , payment disputes or other similar legal reasons which would prevent an existing counterparty from trading physical steel . Also , on a going forward basis , is there any legal impediments for any newcounterparties trading physical steel ?
Lisa , I have a call into the physical steel lawyer . We will not be able to copy an existing profile for physical steel . Physical steel is a totally new onlinproduct for us . We , obviously , cannot copy financial steel , because counterparties may be prohibited from trading it if they are not ESP's , iftheir master doesn't let them trade steel , etc ( the usual swap issues) . What I think my answer is going to be is that there is no legal reason why anycounterparty cannot trade physical steel , so I would open all counterpartieup to trade it . I'm checking with the physical steel lawyers to confirm this . Just a note , Global Contracts should also not be able to copy a profile , because they should have a totally new GTC dealing with physical steel issues specifically . I'm sure Karen will probably copy me in on her email . Just in case...I want to confirm what Global Contracts is saying for this one.. . I'll get back to you to confirm the above for Legal . Lisa Lees cc: Kelly Lombardi/NA/Enron@Enron , Tom Moran/HOU/ECT@ECT , Stephanie Subject: Profiles for Steel Physical Products The product long descriptions below will fall under the new product types USteel Hot Rolled Physical . Credit ( Tom Moran ) has approved copying the profiles for the new product types from the following: US Steel Hot Rolled Fin Swap Please respond no later than 10 a.m . on Wednesday , January 31 . Thank you .
The Firm ID and Password would have been sent to Mark Haedicke . He doesn't recall ever receiving it . I have to contact ISDA on Mark Haedicke's behalf to locate the password .
Just as I suspected.. .
I will be taking April 4 , 5 & 6 off . My Mom is coming into town to visit her new grandson .
We have a RUSH approval for power trading for the referenced counterparty.. .
We have received the executed Letter Agreement dated 12/28/00 amending the Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced Counterparty . Copies will be distributed .
As you requested.. .
I will be taking Friday off .
Nope . Would you like me to call Mr . Fazio or would you like to ?
Attached is a revised NDA . Please note , Mark Taylor changed your new language a bit .
Attached is an updated list of the Legal contacts for Online issues . Please provide the list to anyone you think might find it helpful .
Nope , that honor goes to Susan Bailey with Aquila Canada . I guess I'll have to be happy with getting the first agreement for the next 500...the countdown continues !
No , Mark Haedicke looked around and couldn't find it . So I have to call
Can you provide the password to on to me , probably , also to the rest of the group . I think we need to pass the password on the England , Singapore & Australia . Also , I checked with Mark T. , EES also wants to get access to the website using our password , and Mark said that was OK .
Below is our password to the ISDA Netting Opinions . I'm stating the obvious , but please do not provide this to anyone outside Enron .
Below is Enron's Password that will allow you access online to the ISDA Netting Opinions . In case you don't already know , you can find them on ISDA's Website at www.isda.org .
Below are the directions for you to get into the TradeSpark Website . If you could please review the documents relating to your products ASAP , we would be most appreciative . Brent , for you that's weather .
The guy's name is Henry Sito and his phone is 617/434-8132 .
That was pretty good !
We're about 80 % done . I gave Mark & Tanya a rough draft to look at yesterday and am waiting back for comments .
Do you want me to send it to the counterparty or do you want to ?
360 Networks Inc . Thanks !
As you requested , attached is the form of NDA .
Attached is our proposed revised draft of the article . I ask that if anyone has any additional revisions they would like that they call you with their changes .
I've been booked up lately for various things ( mainly people's new babies and home improvement tasks) . I've been wondering where you disappeared to . Do you want to do something this weekend . There are a few new chick flicks I wouldn't mind seeing.. .
Are we currently doing any trading out of BT , or are we doing it all under Deutsche Bank now ?
Yes , Lucinda had a little girl last Friday by c-section . She was about 5 lbs 12 oz ( 3 weeks early) . Her name is Sophia Eleni . Then my brother Craig's wife had her baby on 1/9/01 , a little boy name Daniel Francisco . He was 7 lbs , 12 oz . Then one of the attys I work with had a baby , a little boy , she lives around the block from me on Vassar , so a few of us went over to visit her . We had to cancel Lucinda's baby shower the night before it because the baby was early . I'm a little afraid to go see Hannibal , maybe something a little cheerier... ? De nada !
It looks like they made a lot of comments to Marks form .
Can you let me know what current business we might be doing with BT ? Thanks !
Thanks !
I looked at the website and it looked great ! Alena's photo of Chris is really good . She has quite the eye . And Chris's photo of the kitties looks like it could be in a kitty calendar . The photos of Daniel were really good , especially that close up . He really is a handsome baby . I am going to have to get one of those cameras so I can send Chris photos to post of the Website . Maybe we can start the Jones family monthly magazine and publish stories , articles , etc . one a month . I can be the editor . Chris can be the layout guy . What do you think of that . We could require every family member to send something in once a month !
Per our conversation , can you get Bill added as a VP of Enron North America . He didn't want to fuss Enron Canada or EPMI right now . Thanks for your help !
Correct . The Services Agreement in place between ENA & ECC is what allows us to transact between the two companies without adverse tax consequences . We have no such agreement in place with ECTRIC , and the UK tax regime is different . We cannot transact between ENA & ECTRIC under each others masters .
Sounds good to me . Just let me know where and when !
Yes , I still tract these .
We have received the following executed documents from Counterparty: 1 . Amendment to EnronOnline Electronic Trading Agreement dated 1/9/01 , executed by Alliant Energy Corporate Services , Inc . as authorized agent for and on behalf of IES Utilities , Inc . Interstate Power Company and Wisconsin Power and Light Company 2 . Consent and Acknowledgement executed 2/5/01 by each of IES Utilities Inc. , Interstate Power Company and Wisconsin Power & Light Company acknowledging that Alliant Energy Corporate Services , Inc . is acing as authorized agent on behalf of such utilities with respect to the ETA and Password Application 3 . Password Application ( EnronOnline only to have copy ) A copy of this documentation will be sent to Lisa Lees and Shari Stack .
I just got a call from Sheri Thomas with EnronOnline checking on the status of your reviews . When each of you has completed the review of your products can you let me know , so we can sign off on that product . Sheri is being pressured by our traders to get this up and is also getting daily calls from the President of Tradespark . She would like to have everyone's sign off by Friday if possible . Can you let me know whether this will present any problem . Thanks !
I have created a "Forms" sub-subdirectory under my "Confidentiality" subdirectory . You can now find the latest online forms there if you need one and I'm not around . The other forms in my confidentiality subdirectory are earlier drafts of the forms .
When do you think you could reply by , so I can get Sheri an ETA ?
Hey , Queshare , how goes it ? My assistant should have some plane reservations for me by the end of the day to discuss with you !
Sheri , Shari is our physical power lawyer . What are your thoughts on the below ?
Below is Enron's password that will give you access to the ISDA Netting Opinions online .
I just got off the phone with Margaret Lester , a contract administrator at Dynegy , and Harlan Murphy , an attorney she works with . There was some misinformation communicated to them about EOL , and I told them the only way we would trade online with them was under the existing master , not under the online GTCs , we wanted the bankruptcy protection the master affords . They want to replace the old ERMS Master with an ISDA and I told them we would be happy to generate the master . Can I get some credit from you so I can turn around a master quickly , or we will have to work off their form , which will then become an ISDA comparison which will be a lot more work in the long run . Much thanks as usual for your prompt help !
Haskel Mayo ( 301 ) 340-4941
I've got the theater w/lucinda's mom on saturday . How does fri night or sunday sound to you ?
ECTRIC is handled out of the UK . If you don't have a contact let me know .
Sheri , Obviously , you're aware that Brent Hendry had problems when he tried to log in yesterday . Now Wayne Gresham has tried to log in and can't get in either . I expect no one else can get in , they just haven't tried yet . Can you go over your directions and figure out what's wrong . Thanks.. .
My pleasure ! cc: Subject: Re: Arbitration Language Thank you .
We are not ready to execute an agreement with them until we have had some discussions with them about their authority . Please send them the ISDA then have them call Mary Cook to discuss the agreement .
I just spoke to Brent and he still cannot get into the website . Can you get with TradeSpark and figure out what the problem is and how can we get our people access . Thanks .
I also want to see how your house is coming along.. .
Yes , I'm trying to get our computer guy to figure out what's the problem .
Attached is revised list .
At the request of Bob Shults , I am enclosing our proposed form of Broker Electronic Transaction Agreement and Fee Agreement . Please call Mark Greenberg , Senior Counsel , at ( 713 ) 345-8897 or Bob at ( 713 ) 853-0397 if you have any questions or comments .
Attached is the icon for the Financial Trading Agreement database which will allow you to look up the status of master swap agreements we are working on . If you cannot read the comments section and do not have edit capability let me know and I will get you edit access .
Tanya , Can you please encourage the Credit team to use Lotus Notes to look up the status of master swap agreements . If members of your team do not have edit/comment screen access , please provide me with a list and I will get them access to the database .
Can you please let me know whether the new attorneys in our group have edit access to the database , Frank Sayre , Francisco Pinto Leite and Cheryl Nelson . I think Cheryl just tried to add a note and couldn't . Thanks .
Julie , Just an FYI . Depending on the type of contract , when I get them in I check them to make sure they have been correctly executed , and then , for the most part , I send the originals to Dave Samuels , who I have designated as the original file keeper for the non-trading related online documents . I keep copies of the contracts here so we have a backup copy . I am also working to put a database together so we can monitor what contract online we have .
Jason , our new computer floortech , has discovered why we can't get into the system . He spoke to the Tradespark people and Tradespark is an NT system , and they won't have Microsoft 2000 compatibility for several months . We cannot install NT on each of your individual computers , Jason says you can only have one system at any given time , so I have asked him to locate an unused terminal on the floor and install NT on that computer . As soon as we have it up and running , I will let you know and you will have to do your review at that terminal . Thanks for your patience .
What is the nature of your project or discussions ? Will our standard language..."information in connection with a possible transaction or other business relationship..." suffice ?
Please find attached NDA for distribution to your customer .
I just got a call from Select Energy and they would like to get an ISDA in place with us . I told them they would have to go through Credit first . The person I spoke to was Neil Herzig , Contract Administrator , his ph is: ( 860 ) 665-3275 . He said his Credit contact is Valerie Mooney at ( 860 ) 665-2387 .
It looks like we sent them a draft in September . I called him back and left a message that he needed to contact Susan Bailey & Ed Sacks .
Per my voicemail , it appears we sent a draft of an ISDA to Susan Pharr at Select Energy in September of 2000 . Susan Bailey , a paralegal in our group , worked on that master with Ed Sacks in our Credit Dept . Susan's phone number is ( 713 ) 853-4737 and Ed Sack's phone number is ( 713 ) 345-7712 . You might want to contact Susan Pharr to get a copy of the ISDA . If you can't find it call Susan and she can get you another copy .
Can you please also get Angela Davis , another new attorney in our Group , edit access to the Financial Trading Agreement database . Thanks !
I would like to take another day of vacation this Friday .
I checked with my boss Mark Taylor , VP and General Counsel , and he said it was OK to send you our templates forms . Per our Confirmation Desk , there are many more Physical templates for all of these commodities , but these are the basic Firm delivery templates . Nat Gas/Liquids-Financial: Nat Gas-Physical: Power Financial: Power Physical: Coal Financial: Same as Nat Gas Financial Still waiting on Coal Physical and Liquids Physical . Thanks Joe , you're the best !
How does the following flight sound ? Flight arriving in Calgary 5:10 pm Tuesday March 6 Flight leaving Calgary 8:05 am Sunday March 11 If those days look good for you , I'll have Taffy book the flights.. .
Yes , I compared their blackline below against the draft I originally sent out , and the only changes were to the counterparty name , "or its affiliates" language , and NY from Texas , the same changes showing in the blackline below .
I'll be there with a whole team from Enron . I look forward to seeing you there !
I just wanted to let you know that I got the revised draft out by Fedex . I think it may take 2 days for Fedexes to make it up there , so I didn't want you to think it didn't go out if you don't get a copy by tomorrow .
How did you decide to handle this ?
Below is the link that will allow you to get into the Financial Trading Agreement Database . Please forward this link to any members of your team that might find it helpful .
If you like , I can get you database access that will allow you to review the comments between Legal & Credit . We do not give this level of access to non-Legal & Credit people because we are trying to limit certain information for client-attorney privilege ( not to mention the business people give away our negotiating positions!) . If you would like this level of access , let me know and I will put in a request . This level of access will also give you edit capability , so you need to be careful not to change things by mistake .
Attached is my proposed form of Guaranty to cover the US & UK business with Paribas . Tanya , please note , per our discussion I have increased the guaranty amount to $50mm . We have also added ECTRL to the Guaranty . Please let me know if it meets with your approval and I will forward it to Paribas in NY .
Can you get Peter Keohane and Greg Johnston , two attorneys in our Calgary office , edit access to the Master Swap Agreement database . Please let me know when they have access . Thanks !
Need to hear ASAP whether you have any problems with this counterparty .
Thanks Harry !
Thanks !
no .
Thanks !
Per Genia's email below , please remember that the Power Group would like to mirror any changes to our Guaranty Forms . If you make any please remember to let Genia know . Thanks !
You'll see that I asked our group to keep you updated on the guaranty form . Carol St . Clair just wanted to make sure that you had our latest form of guaranty , so I am sending it to you at her request .
I updated Lotus Notes .
Such flattery !
Stephanie Panus has a few extra copies at her Desk .
Bud Ricketts called up and just wanted to get an email of the physical power agreement , I think because he wanted to make comments on the form on the computer so he could prepare a blackline draft .
As a follow-up to my email regarding the execution of the 12/29/00 ISDA Master Agreement between Deutsche Bank AG and Enron North America Corp. , please be further advised: Effective 6/4/99 , Bankers Trust Company was acquired by Deutsche Bank AG . All financial trading should now be transacted under the above Deutsche Bank ISDA Master Agreement . No further financial trading should be done in the name of Bankers Trust Company , and the 4/16/91 ISDA Interest Rate and Currency Exchange Agreement with Bankers Trust Company should be inactivated . All outstanding Bankers Trust Company financial trades were assigned to Deutsche Bank AG in the ISDA Master Agreement , and all the Bankers Trust Company trades should be moved to Deutsche Bank .
As a followup: This guys name is Mykhaylo Koshel and he is an outside consultant with the New Concept Group . I've got a messenger going over to Allen Center to pick up a copy of the agreement with them . I'll get a copy to you as soon as I get it .
A week later ?
Can we find the same flight during the week below ?
OK
Just want to make sure that you have Lisa Lees and Stephanie Sever with the EOL team on your list of "Others-Masters" . Thanks !
No , I just looked it up in Bankers Trust's financial statement filed with the SEC on their website , FreeEdgar .
Susan , When you get in , can you provide Anthony with a copy of the Aquila master , even if the only copy we have is a faxed signature . Thanks !
Taffy , Can you please take care of this . Thanks !
Say it ain't so , Joe... ! Where are you going?! !
I called Steve Douglas to check on who should be our tax contacts , and he said he , Jeff Blumenthal and Morris Clark can certainly help us with trading related tax issues . However , he is grooming Susan Musch to become the lead trading tax person , so we might want to start calling her . Her ph no . is
Do you want me to call Steve Kessler re: Enron Corp. ?
Yes , you do not have access to Lotus Notes , because I have been hung out to dry . They don't have time to keep up with our demands for access , so they want me to do this , and they have sent me instructions and are working on getting me the level of access to change approvals , but I'm not there yet . All things will come.. .
It make take a bit longer . The computer people will no longer do this for us , I am going to have to do this myself , and I don't know how . I've got to figure this out .
Jay , To reconfirm my conversation yesterday with Reid Grossman , a consultant hired by the referenced counterparty to negotiate their trading documents with us: 1 . PUD #1 would also like to get gas and power trading agreements in place with us . Per my conversation with Dave Fuller yesterday , the physical trading agreements are of a higher priority than the financial trading agreement . 2 . They would like to get a draft of a collateral annex from us . Their suggested trading threshold for themselves was in the $3.5-5mm range . 3 . They would already be in default of the MAC's you sent me in the credit worksheet dated 1/25/01 . We need to revisit the MACs . 4 . They think a 3rd party debt threshold of $1mm is too low for them , they suggested a threshold of $10mm . 5 . The agreement provides for annual and quarterly financial statements . I don't think they have quarterly . You need talk to them about what they can/will provide . If you would like to talk to Reid directly , his ph no . is 509/252-5096 . By the way , Reid is an old buddy of Bill Bradford from Reid's Avista/PG&E days , and Reid sends his regards to Bill . If you see Bill pass this message on.. .
It is not clear to me how we should handle this , what do you sugguest ? As a note , I will be out of the office on Friday .
My boss Mark Taylor was handling this with Phillip Allen . I don't know what they ever resolved . I forwarded your email on to Mark and I left a voicemail for him to please respond .
Taffy , Was this taken care of ?
We have received the fully executed Non-Disclosure Agreement with the referenced counterparty . Copies will be distributed .
Things may come in a little differently because of Profile Manager ( my direct input into the EOL System) . I will now only see amendments to counterparties that have already been approved , thru Profile Manager , they will not be coming in thru the spreadsheets any more . So , on amendments that affect power , I am going to have to send you an email about the change . For the above counterparty , we originally had them open for power sales only . Now , Credit is coming back thru wanting to open them up for the bid and the offer . Do you want to change the earlier approval from power sales only , or open them up all the way ?
Attached is an email I got from the lawyer for Fletcher Challenge . Obviously , he is on a short time frame , so we need to respond rather quickly . Russell , we need some direction from Credit on how we want to proceed on this assignment . Do you want to meet to go over this , and maybe give Bert a call , or what... ? Please let us know .
At the request of Rahil Jafry , I am attaching a copy of our proposed First Amendent to License Agreement , which extends the term from February 28 , 2001 to April 30 , 2001 . If the Amendment meets with your approval , please execute it and return it to me via fax no . ( 713 ) 646-3490 . If you have any questions or comments please call me at ( 713 ) 853-3399 or Rahil at ( 713 ) 853-3206 . We look forward to hearing from you .
No change yet . We are short w/space & computers , and my assistant is working with our computer floor tech to find a computer and some space so our lawyers can log into the system . Two our our lawyers are now out for the week , our gas & power lawyers .
Keegan , please include me ( as well as all members of the team ) on any distributions when members of the Swap Group are going to be out of the office . This would include Mark Taylor , Sara Shackleton , Carol St . Clair , Mary Cook , Francisco Pinto Leite , Cheryl Nelson , Bob Bruce , Frank Sayre , Susan Bailey , Samantha Boyd & Stephanie Panus . Thanks .
For Consolidated Edison Energy , Inc. , coming thru by Credit to open them for US east power , you already had them open to trade all power under the GTC , so I am going to keep them at that .
I'm not so sure I agree with your name change for US Department of the Interior . I think as part of the name we've got to have that it's a govt agency . Anything else would be misleading to what it actually is . I think more appropriate would be United States Department of the Interior , Minerals Management Service .
What is the nature of the confidential information being discussed ? Will our standard language "...furnished in connection with a possible transaction or other business relationship..." suffice , or do you want to be more specific ? Also , do you want the bilateral form ?
OK by me , have fun !
Per the directions of Sam Schott , I am forwarding this email on to you . I discussed the counterparty name "Minerals Management Service" with my boss , Mark Taylor , General Counsel of ENA , and he agreed that agencies and departments of the US government should have the correct governmental agency/department as part of the counterparty name . You could say "Minerals Management Service" is a dba for the US Department of the Interior . We generally do not like to contract with dbas , we want the legal entity as part of the name . A more appropriate name for this counterparty is "US Department of the Interior Minerals Management Service" . The way the exposure rolls up under the GCP System is an exposure issue , not a contract issue . If you disagree with this assessment , please call Mark Taylor at x37459 .
Don't we need to chat about this ?
Looks good to me . I'm putting it on my calendar.. .
I just tried to call you , I couldn't get through . What are you discussing with Carr ? Is this just for them to enter into an BETA , or something else ? Also , do you want a bilateral agreement ? Who will be providing the confidential information ? It shouldn't take me too long to draft you and NDA once I get this info . I'll email it to the counterparty and copy you in on the email . Of course , we have to get it signed here in Houston , so time is of the essence.. .
Per Wayne Gresham , a lawyer in the coal group , we are having a substantial payment dispute with the referenced counterparty , and George McClellan , the business person ( and a Managing Director) , would like to shut them down immediately for all trading ( which appears to be coal and emissions) , offline and online , until this payment dispute is resolved .
Paul , Attached are the 3 NDAs you requested . Please let me know if they meet with your approval , and I will email them to your customers .
I've got confirmation of the following non-refundable plane fare: leave Houston Tuesday , March 13 , arrive Calgary 5:10 pm , returning Sunday March 18 at 8:05 am . Staying at the Sheraton Suite at 255 Barclay Parade SW . Is that a good hotel ?
If you do not have access yet to the Financial Trading Agreement Database , this link should get you access . Hopefully when you open up your computer tomorrow you will now have an icon to get in . Credit people , if you do not have edit capability let me know and I will get you access . Link -->
I'll work on getting it for you !
With respect to Western Area Power Administration - CRSP . Can't "ditto" Credit on that one , Credit gives no direction as to what they want to trade . The database reflects that Leslie approved them to trade power already in July of last year , so my intention is to keep them open . I don't know what "CRSP" means at the end of their name , do you ?
Never mind... !
Sorry about the missing information!! !
I just spoke to Credit about one counterparty on the list . You've got Utah Municipal Power Agency shut down to trade since they're not FERC authorized . They specifically came through online wanting to trade power , and Credit wants to know if you can give them a call and determine if you can get whatever evidence you need to get them open for power . The name of the guy that sent the application in is Richard Judd and his ph no . is ( 801 ) 852-6842 . Thanks !
That was cute !
Does Matt Lee , our lawyer in the Singapore office , know he needs to file NDAs with you ?
Link -->
It sounds like he knows you should be included in the loop . I should get a copy ( I hope! ) so we'll see if that's true !
Great ! It really is a good database and I hope people use it as a resource more . It's the first thing we here in Legal look at when someone asks us a question about a master .
Attached is the current list of the Confidentiality Agreements I have prepared for the Enron Net Works and EnronOnline Teams . Please review this list and let me know if you have any comments or questions with respect to this list .
Attached is our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement . Please let me know if I didn't get the company name correct . Thanks for your help with this .
When Tom is right , he's right , ditto for me !
Offer still good . How goes things with the new beau ? Also , thanks for the cooked meats . They were delicious !
No , I havent heard anything back . Do you want to call them ?
As a general matter , you need to use the forms of Confidentiality Agreements contained in the atty.fms bank , not the Swap Group's forms . We have developed a few of our own forms for special purposes , one , which is in the swap forms database/current forms , protects the counterparty only , and is used when Credit wants to get copies of financal statements from a counterparty and protects the financial information being provided by the counterparty . I have developed forms for use by the EnronOnline team , but those should not be used for any Enron company except EnronOnline and Enron Net Works . For any other types of matters/projects , we would also use the forms contained in the atty.fms bank .
They are still trying to get people onto the system . What is going on with getting that terminal set up so I lawyers can review the products ?
Your fax of the signed NDA did not come through all the way , I only got part of the first page . Could you please refax back the whole document so I can get it signed by Enron . Thanks !
Yes , I'll have Mark initial it and send it down for signature tomorrow .
Tom is the man , ditto for me !
Deutsche Bank has gotten back to me and is vacillating on what they want to do with the Bankers Trust trades . In particular , they haven't thought through what they want to do with the online trades , don't like on online documentation , and now they think they may want to do a full novation of the trades once they decide how to resolve this . So , until we hear back from them ( they said in about a week) , just let the Bankers Trust financial trades and master sit .
Yes , please send this up to me . Thanks !
The 1100 series . Frequently I use 1100-3 , the Bilateral form .
Will these instructions allow me to change the Credit people too ?
I will be having about 5-7 other people that I will need added to this database . Should I send these requests back directly to you , or do them through the system as well ? Also , there are two ways of getting edit access through this database . One is for employees of Legal , who can then enter Legal comments , and the other is for employees of Credit , who can then enter Credit comments . Do you see that choice ? Is there some way for me to verify which employees of Legal and which employees of Credit have what access ? I know that some employees of Credit have Legal access by mistake . Can I get lists of the Legal and Credit breakdowns ? I took Friday , Feb 16 off .
!  . I'll be trying to do that big request , and will let you know if it doesn't go right .
Sounds like your world is a little up in the air right now . Best wishes for success in whatever you decide to do . It has been a pleasure working with you over these years !
You should have edit access now . Why don't you go try and see if it works.. .
How do I do more than one request at a time . Can you call me a x33399 ?
They must not let her take time off anymore . It is quite disruptive to all our business to have her our of the office , don't you think?! !
Per our meeting , attached are the current forms of MAC Clauses . I have added at the end of the list , the Event of Default for change in ownership because I know that one comes up frequently . Also , I don't know if you want to also suggest that the other trading groups work from our guaranty forms as well as our LC form . The Legal heads of each of the trading groups are: Mark Taylor: Financial Trading Jeff Hodge: Physical Gas Trading Elizabeth Sager: Physical Power Trading Alan Aronowitz: Physical Global Markets ( Liquids , Plastics , Coal , Emissions & Metals ) Julie Murray: Physical Industrial Markets ( Pulp & Paper , Steel )
Mark Greenberg asked me to send you the Password Application to be used for the brokers . Actually , there will not be a Password Application . What they will be signing instead is the attached Fee Agreement . Any questions , call me , Mark Taylor or Mark Greenberg.. .
I ran it by Mark and he has no strong feeling one way or another about the comma thing , so whatever you prefer .
A novation is just the European based format for doing an assignment.. .
I tried to get you access yesterday , there are three Angela Davis's in the System , what's your email address ?
I just sent the request . I put a rush on it , so hopefully it should get approved today .
I think my bicycle is 52 centimeters . I hope you have a tire pump , because I don't and I haven't ridden the bike in about a year and I know the tires are totally flat .
I left you a voicemail yesterday about getting a master in place with Anadarko located here in Houston so they can trade Brent Crude and IPE lookalikes on EnronOnline under a master instead of a GTC . We have an ISDA in place with Anadarko , but since ECTRIC is the counterparty online for those products , the trades wouldn't go under the ENA master . The trader is pestering me about this . What I would like to do is handle getting this ISDA in place with ECTRIC here in Houston , if that's OK with you , just mirroring the US master ( except getting a Multicurrency in place since we have a Local Currency in place with ENA) . Is that OK with you ?
Is Ian a lawyer , paralegal or Credit person ? Also , Mark mentioned the London Legal has been restructured somehow , and he asked me to ask you if could you fax us an org chart that shows the structure... ? I hear you got a fancy new car !
You are absolutely by far , no comparisons , the best !
From my mouth to his ear !
OK with me !
I don't think I need new tires , unless I'm surprised . You might want to buy an extra tire in case you get a flat . I think I loaned Harry my old spare tire . Anytime Saturday is fine.. .
I know I'm a pest...but we've got another gov't agency that doesn't have its legal entity as part of the name . This one is on the list of 2/21/01 , and it is the Western Area Power Administration , a division of the Department of Energy , acting through it "CRSP" area ( I'm not sure what that stands for , it's the Central something something area ) ( ID#71175) . This particular counterparty has come up before on EOL , acting through another area , the Upper Great Plains Area ( ID#81177) . The way I had this counterparty approved for EOL ( I thought! ) was: Western Area Power Administration-Upper Great Plains , a Division of the United States Department of Energy . I don't know if we can go back and get this one fixed too , but it would sure make Legal happy if we did.. .
Some financials from James Hardie have been floating around the company for about a week and they just made their way up to me . I'm going to have them forwarded down to you .
Yes , I fedexed TradeSpark out to them . If you remember , I brought the file copy around to you for the file .
Nope , we still don't have a terminal we can use .
The fellow from Alliant keeps calling me to check on the status of his access to EnronOnline . We received the executed ETA Amendment about 3 weeks ago and he is really hot to trade . Can you give me some estimate of when we can expect to get him out of Credit , or call him if there are some credit issues ? His name is Steve Castleberg and his ph: is 608/877-8207 . Thanks !
Attached is the link that will give you view access to the Financial Trading Agreement Database . View access is available to all Enron employees , so you can pass this link on to other members of your department or your dealmakers . Link -->
Mark Taylor Carol St . Clair Mary Cook Brent Hendry Sara Shackleton Frank Sayre Francisco Pinto Leite Cheryl Nelson Bob Bruce Susan Bailey Samantha Boyd Stephanie Panus Tana Jones Marie Heard
Thanks , I forgot !
Did either of you send this agreement to Anthony .
I saw this list in the computer and you're on it . When you get back give a call and I'll come around and take a look .
We now have a computer set up so you can view the TradeSpark website . It is located in a cubicle across from the C-1 conference room ( on the side opposite of me , at EB3858D) . Since it has taken us so long to get access into this website , it is critical that each of you review your products descriptions of the website AS SOON AS POSSIBLE . Can you each please confirm to me that you have completed your review and if you have any issues with the product descriptions please pass them on to Sheri Thomas with EnronOnline . If for any reason you continue to have computer problems , please call Jason , our floor computer tech , ASAP . Thanks for your prompt attention to this !
Below is the link to our Financial Trading Agreements Database . This database reflects all the master swap agreements we have executed or out in draft form . I just updated The Chase Bank to reflect the amendment for your re-hypothecation of securities . Stephanie Panus , the paralegal that worked on this amendment , is having a copy walked down to you . I thought you might find this database helpful to look up the status of documents in the future . If you think other people in your group might find this database helpful , feel free to pass on the link to them . Link -->
Not me !
Did you want this cpy on the list for Legal/Credit meeting ? ERMS hasn't been expanded as an Enron company to be added to list for discussion at meeting , and we have some old ERMS era masters people are working on that aren't getting discussed , and some ERMS era masters that should be unchecked so we do not discuss them at meeting .
Please remember that when adding a new counterparty whose name start with the word "The" , the "The" should go out the end of the name in brackets . An example is "Times Mirror Company ( The)" . This will help our searching capability . Thanks .
You might want to talk to your Credit team about the Top Ten List for the Legal/Credit meeting . I think we're only at 3 top ten .
We just opened the above counterparty to trade UK financial crude products online . Since the Enron counterparty for these products is ECTRIC we will need to get a master in place between ECTRIC and Counterparty . Justin Boyd in London has graciously agreed to let us handle drafting and negotiation of the master . Could you please provide us with credit for this master . I don't know if we can just mirror the credit terms in the old master or not . Since the old master is a Local Currency Master , we cannot do a simple dupe and change it for UK issues . I would suggest unless we really have problems with issues , we more or less try to sign the same paper whenever possible . Of course , send the credit worksheet for the new master to the paralegals for the rotation .
Attached for transmittal to your customer is the Prebon BETA and Fee Agreement amended to reflect the changes from the LOI . I am also attaching a blackline so you can see the changes from the first draft . You should now have edit capability in the Financial Trading Agreements Database .
I got a clickpaper list today from Carol North . Is she a new member of Credit ?
Are we sure that the above counterparty is US and not Canadian ?
Is this the final form ?
Does Carol North work in Credit ?
So , I should expect to get my future clickpaper approvals from her . I just don't want to look at any lists but what Credit sends to me .
Do you have a contact at the Counterparty ? It is not where they are headquartered that necessarily matters , but where they are incorporated .
Attached is a clean and a blacklined draft of the BETA . This draft was created using the new BETA form , and the blackline compares this draft against the form . I have also attached a blackline from the intial draft we sent counterparty to the draft we are sending counterparty now , in case you want to show them all the changes from that draft . That blackline is called prebon.red below .
We have received the executed Amendment to Electronic Trading Agreement with the referenced Counterparty dated 2/22/01 . Copies will be distributed .
Tana Jones will be attending .
At the request of Bob Shults , I am enclosing revised drafts of the referenced documents . 1 . Clean copy of BETA incorporating all changes 2 . Blacklined draft of BETA reflecting changes made to the FORM of BETA since we sent you the original draft on 2/9/01 3 . Blacklined draft of BETA reflecting changes made to the BETA Form to make it deal specific for Prebon 4 . Clean copy of Fee Agreement incorporating changes since 2/9/01 5 . Blacklined draft of Fee Agreement reflecting changes made to 2/9/01 draft
Just a check , my notes in the database say we had this counterparty open for power , but when I check on profile manager , they have a read only status . Do we want them open for power or not ?
Sorry about that Edmund . The forms have been moved out of the atty.fms bank into their own subdirectory called "Swap Forms" ( look it up just like a person's named directory) . Let me know whether you can access that database from London . We had London set up to review the atty.fms bank only , I don't know if you can access other subdirectories . We have made some substantive revisions to the ISDA Schedule and Credit Support Annex , so you might want to take a look . If you can't do a comparewrite from London , let me know and I'll email you the blacklined forms . We've also made changes to the forms of guarantees . They are now located in a document called Guaranty.doc in the Swap Forms/Current Forms directory . Also , the ISDA definitions have been changed since you've been gone , you may already know that , but just in case...I thought I'd bring it up .
My database is not showing that I've looked at this counterparty before , so I need to know if they are an ESP , or not ?
We have a master swap agreement in place with Energy West Incorporated , a CANADA corporation . Your list shows "Inc." instead of "Incorporated" , and that it is a US corporation . Is this the same counterparty ?
Edmund Cooper just called and wanted to know what form changes we have made as a result of the new CFTC Rules . I told him we just met on that yesterday , and as soon as we revised the form , we would send it to London . Also , if there will be any changes in our advice to the traders resulting from this , please let him and he will disseminate the information to London Legal .
Do you know who in London is actually updating Legal's comments to Profile Manager ? I can't believe Justin does this everyday? !
I'm with you on Montana . I checked the files in the big file room , and it is a Montana corporation .
Can you please change the name of the corporation from "Inc." to "Incorporated" . Thanks .
Good ! I thought I just had a checkup with Bikesport shortly before I stopped riding . I was just a little afraid I might need grease .
Keep me posted...have fun !
This counterparty came thru on 2/28/01 list . I checked my database and we had them open for power sales only on the pre-approval list . When I checked Profile Manager , it had them open for east & west power , transact on BOTH the bid and offer . Do you still want them to do power sales only ? Both east & west ?
Thanks , I know I've been a pest to you today !
Is there any reason why this counterparty has transact on NL power ? I cannot believe they have a power marketing license there ?
Profile Manager also has this counterparty on transact for other European financial products . Are we really trading those products , because I don't think we should be . .. ?
Taffy , Can you help Angela with this . Thanks .
This link should get you access to our Financial Trading , or "Master Swap Agreement" database . This database lists all the master swap agreements we have in place or have drafted in the US , London , Singapore , Japan , South America , etc. . It is a very good resource to use when preparing confirmations . This database is available to all Enron employees , so feel free to send this link to any London employees you think might find it helpful . There are certain comments concerning the status of masters under negotiation that are only available to Legal and Credit employees because of legal-client confidentiality concerns . Any member of your legal team should be able to look at those comments to determine if there is active/close negotiation on a master , or if a master is being amended , what the amendments might address ( sometimes helpful when Houston isn't at work yet!) . Frequently there may be more than one master in place for an Enron company , so look at each entry to determine whether the master is limited to a specific finance project or product ( unusual , but sometimes) . Also , as I mentioned , not all the US based masters are ISDA Multi-Currency Masters , so look to confirm what type of master we entered into . If they are not ISDA Multi-Currency Masters , it may not be possible to put a cross-border trade under the master without some modification to the master or confirmation . Please note: there is a listing for "Restrictions" which will reflect any trading limitations such as "crude oil trades only" , "no trades over 2 years" , contain special confirmation issues or list other types of trading limitations . Restrictions should ALWAYS be looked at because they contain critical trading guidance . Another note to watch out for is that many US based master may have Texas law instead of NY . Certainly not UK law . We hope to have that information available in the database in the future . If for some reason you can't access this database , let me know and we'll get our respective computer people to figure out why . As I mentioned , I am a paralegal in the Houston swap group and am happy to answer any questions about particular masters , so please do not hesitate to call me at x33399 . Link -->
Nope , not yet . I'm absolutely swamped...!! ! I haven't forgotten about it tho . My short agenda is Day 1: Go over basics of financial documentation w/confirm desk team & your assistants ( maybe 2-4 hours depending on level of detail we go into ) ( spend rest of day approving online counterparties) , Day 2: Go over specifics of confirmations with your assistants so they can prepare the Special Legal/Credit Annex for a confirm and review how to read a credit worksheet and what the credit issues mean ( spend rest of day approving online counterparties) , Day 3: Spend time with you & Peter going over what I went over with assistants & confirm people , then maybe spend time letting any of your dealmakers quiz me as they desire about swap issues ( spend free time approving online counterparties) . Don't add a lot of people on , I get really nervous speaking in front of large groups...I am a shy girl , you know ! My thoughts are
Kim , this link is available to all Enron employees . If you think anyone needs it just forward it on .
Yes , the agreement was dated 7/12/00 and had a two year term .
Same type of discussions as those other two we sent out for auditors ?
It sound good to me . Shall we meet at your house or mine and at what time ?
Good joke . Keep me on list . If I get anthing good in I'll pass it on to you . It was good seeing you both the other week . Hugs & Kisses.. .
Is Credit aware of this ?
I spoke to the woman at Sask and she's ok on everything .
Sounds like a good plan ! I'm at 1920 Banks Street , the last street off Shepherd before you hit the Swest Fwy . So , when you leave church , go downShepherd , then make a right on the last street before the fwy . Go past the1st stop sign and then I'll be about the 3rd or 4th house on the left , a taupe colored cottage with a pointy roof and vines growing halfway up theside of the house . My home # is 529-1038 . See you at 12:45 ! cc: Subject: RE: Azalea Trail If you don't mind dropping me back by home after we tour , I'll have Henrydrop me at your new house after church on Sunday......maybe at 1245....I haven't seen your new digs.; Where exactly are they ? Alicia
For you , anything !
Our project is a little different , so I think I am OK . Thanks , as usual for your help !
The referenced counterparty is on the 3/1/01 list . You've got them shut down for power , but Credit's notes are specifically opening them for power . Should I open or shut down ?
I feel the power!! !
I just spoke to Mike Garred and John Raineri w/The New Power Company . Per this conv . it appears that ENA has master agreements in place to trade financial and physical gas . I directed him to Shari Stack , a lawyer in the power group , to discuss getting a master agreement in place with EPMI to trade physical power . They are aware that Credit is working on getting them some headroom , and as soon as they counterparty comes out of Credit , we'll get them approved to trade ( pending resolution of physical power approval from Shari) . If Credit could verbally let me know when they are approved I'd appreciate it , so I'll know to look for them . I will be traveling to Calgary Tuesday , so I may be incommunicado while the plane's in flight , so that could possibly hold things up .
Do you have copies of the Alberta and British Columbia Acts ? I know they are less stringent than the US rules , but I don't know the exact levels .
That signed ETA Amendment came in about a week ago , and the copy has already been sent to Lisa Lees , and the file is closed as far as I'm concerned .
Below are forms you will need to prepare confirmations which we will discuss later this week . I would password protect them so no one change change them by mistake .
Mercy , Since there are so many new Credit people that we ( Legal ) do not know , it would be very helpful if you could provide me with a new list of the Credit Team and their phone numbers . The last list we have is dated 6/5/00 . Thanks !
Thanks Mercy !
Can you please send me only 1 list of Clickpaper counterparties per day . It gets very confusing for me sometimes to figure out what lists I should be responding to when I get multiple lists .
Mark Taylor has asked me to prepare an NDA for the referenced counterparty . Please let me know if we have any existing NDA's in place . Thanks .
At the request of Kay , I have started sending my requests re: Confidentiality Agreements to her via email so she can print out a record for her files .
Click on the following link to add the 'Financial Trading Agreements' database to your Notes Workspace: Link -->
I believe this is yours.. .
Mary , All those traps with security were worked out 4 years ago . London can get into the o: drive from there , the only directory they have access to in the o: drive is the atty.fms bank . If we put the swap forms back there , they can get at them . I know , because I've pulled them up myself from London .
Hey Mark , I think these are yours !
The above counterparty has been created in the Financial Trading Agreements Database and is listed as a master swap agreement , and it's not . It is an Electronic Trading Agreement and needs to be moved down to "Other Agreements" . Please let me know when that is done and I will delete the entry in the master swap agreement database . Thanks !
Attached please find the referenced lists . On the list of 3/12/01a , I have not yet seen the list from Gobal Contracts with the corrected names , but I cannot believe Lyke Corporation ( also called Ripon Community Printers ) is a valid legal name . We might want to get that sorted out before we start trading with them .
Attached is the proposed form of LOI . Please let me know if it meets with your approval , and I will email it to the customer . I kept the language in the term sheet in the back pretty broad as it references "energy commodities" . Your language re "US crude and products" wasn't clear to me . Perhaps you meant US crude and crude derivative/refined products ? Will energy commodities work , or do want to limit it to crude products and charge more for other products ?
It has been my understanding that the first section is supposed to be for master swap agreements only . Having other documents listed in that section may be misleading to some parties who may misconstrue their use for general trading purposes , such as Global Contracts . That is why we created the "Other Agreements" section , to house these other agreements . My understanding isthat the only reason other agreements has been listed in the Master Swap Agreements Section is that they have been done so erroneously . The drop down were not created too artfully created , allowing wrong agreements to be put in Master Swap Agreements , which has been proliferating . If my understanding is not correct , than when did the intentional use of that first section change ? I think putting all agreement is a very bad idea .
I revised the language in the "Description of Transaction" section and where the fee is and just wanted to make sure you were Ok before I sent it to your customer . I've already drafted my email , I just need your OK .
You need to talk to Stephanie Sever at x33465 .
Attached is my proposed form of NDA . I set up the choice in products similar to they way we did it in Prebon . Take a look and let me know if it meets with your approval .
Mike , I know I'm not supposed to continue imposing on you , but if these entries are showing up in both places this is going to creating large problems for us , as well as giving persons who should not have access to brokerage/other agreements access to that information . Our brokers are quite confidential . The only information we want to make available to all Enron employees is the master swap agreements . Can you PLEASE , PLEASE take a look at this for me . It is very critical that this drop down works correctly .
Greg and I tried to call you but you weren't there . We'll call you tomorrow .
Sorry about not getting back to you sooner . I am in Calgary this week . Stephanie and I met with Mark Taylor about this on Monday , and he said to go ahead and confirm this under the Houston master with Hess Energy Trading Company LLC .
That was pretty good !
He can call any one of the attorneys in the Swap Group , Mary Cook does Canada , but she'll be out next week so it would have to be quick , or Sara Shackleton or Brent Hendry .
Jennifer , If you're still there give me a call in calgary about this , I'm at
At the request of Liz Sager , I am attaching our language with respect our transfer:
Do you want a bilateral or one-way , and what is the nature of your discussions ?
The above counterparty on the 3/7/01 list is ID#93394 . We had a counterparty on the pre-approval list that was called International Paper Company and was ID#1836 . Was that one in error ? Are they the same , different ? What's the scoop ? Thanks for your help !
Sam , I think counterparty ID# 754 is Bonneville Power Administration , not Bonneville Power Association .
Taking a look at BPA from the 3/8/01 list , I noticed that we've got them opened up for west coast power only on the offer and not the bid . I have no notes that they are restricted in that manner . What's the scoop ? Marcus , do you see any reason they should be restricted to the offer side ?
Oops , I forgot to add your name , even tho I meant to.. .
Can you look around for the fax of this NDA signed by the Counterparty . Mark Greenberg will need to initial it and then send it down to Daniel Diamond and he will get an EnronOnline and Enron Net Works officer to sign it . Once it is signed we will need to fax it to the counterparty . I will forward Dan's email with the fax and phone number of the counterparty to you . Thanks !
Yeah , see if Mark T . will initial it . Tell him it's for a broker relationship and there we no changes to the form .
Thanks for the info , I appreciate it !
Justin , What's your deadline for getting these approved ? Mark Taylor is out all weekend , and if it can't wait I'll get another lawyer to look at it .
Just a note in case some of the product abbreviations on the NYMEX calendar don't make sense , they have what the abbreviations mean at the back of the calendar .
I just did a request to get Angela Davis in the Houston Office and Linda Sietzema and Sharon Crawford in the Calgary offices edit access to the Financial Trading Agreement Database . I also requested that Marcus Nettelton get edit access to the ENA Legal Online Trading Database . I'm not sure if I did the "erequest" all ok . Can you check to make sure your got all four ? Thanks !
If you have time to attend , please join us.. .
Mike , I attempted to give Edmund Manager access by doing one of those security requests today . I don't know if you need to do anything or not here... .
I'll come pick you up .
Is there an Icon I can send to Marcus to get into the ENA Legal Online Database .
Can someone call me at x33399 . I'm in the middle of doing these again and it won't let me submit the form .
Good memo Peter . Is it OK if I forward this to the Credit Team so they also know how this process will work ?
In order to complete your access request , I need your company number and your 6 digit sap cost center code . Are these physical transactions ?
OK by me !
The swap forms have been moved back into the atty.fms bank , so you should be able to access them again .
At the request of Bob Shults , I am attaching the revised BETA and Fee Agreement for your review . Bob will call you tomorrow to discuss them .
Your access to the Financial Trading Agreement has been completed . Why don't you take a look and make sure you now have edit capability .
You now should have access to the datasbase , give it a try and see if it works !
Link -->
I don't know what this is about . Is this for the home computers we are supposed to get ? If it is I actually haven't done anything about it ( that I am aware of) . If it is for the home computer thing , I probably will want to upgrade . Let me know.. .
Do we have an outside counsel memorandum , or will we have an internal one soon , that we can send to Martin ( as well as the other non-US swap lawyers) ?
Your access to the financial trading agreement database is approved . The icon is attached below . Why don't you take a look and see if you've got edit capability to the database . Link -->
We have received executed copies of the Broker Electronic Transaction Agreement dated 3/19/01 and the Fee Agreement dated 3/19/01 with respect to the referenced Counterparty . Copies will be sent to Lisa Lees .
I just received a phone call from Paul Varana , outside counsel to the referenced counterparty . His phone number is 713/752-4514 . He said that VEPCO wasn't happy with the form of GTC attached to the physical online power confirms and was going to be sending me a letter requesting certain revisions . He said the letter would come from Francine Matthews at VEPCO . I looked this counterparty up in my database , and it appears that we approved them to trade physical power with an override letter . Usually , we don't allow any changes to the online GTC , but with physical power & the override letters , I know there is some wiggle room . I don't know how you want to handle this , if you want to wait for the letter from VEPCO to come in and then deal with the issues , or head him off at the pass . Just let me know .
I am going to run w/holly at 7:00 on saturday and then meet her for breakfast at 8 at the IHOP . Lucinda is going to join us for breakfast . I thought maybe if it met w/your running schedule you might want to join us.. .
Holly & I are going running Saturday at 7 , then meeting Lucinda for breakfast at the IHOP at 8 . Do you want to join us ?
Done .
I got your company number on my own , so now we just have to wait to have the erequest approved . I hope it will be today .
Mark Taylor , the lawyer who would review all new product descriptions for financial products is on vacation and will not be back until Tuesday . I hope this can wait until then.. .
I live to Swap !
I hope Carol will come ! Holly was going to call her .
I wanted to let you know that the form of Enron Corp . Guaranty has been agreed to with BNP Paribas and has been sent up to Enron Corp . for signature today . I will send you a copy of the Guaranty once it is fully executed .
I hope we can do more than meet , if possible , let me buy you dinner !
At the request of Kay Young , I am faxing you the four confirmations for the referenced deal . Please look for them .
I've gotten some calls from the business people who want to trade with two counterparties right away . One is Michigan Consolidated Gas Company , which is on the list for the 19th , and the other is Mobil Oil Corporation Supply & Distribution which is on the list of the 20th . Can you please make sure the individuals in Global Contracts responsible for these counterparties update them today . Our business people would be most appreciative !
Thanks for the assist !
As an introduction: The referenced counterparty is trying to straighten out the online products it wants to trade with us ( it's open for some , but not all of the products it wants to trade) . When I looked at Profile Manager to see what they had already been approved to trade , I noticed that this counterparty was opened to trade many of the European products , including specifically European physical power products ( which is unusual for a US based counterparty to trade) . Before I go in and change the profile for this counterparty , I wanted to check with you and see if London had specifically opened them to trade the products they were opened to trade ( especially physical power) . What I usually do when I am approving US based counterparties , is that with respect to Non Us & Canadian products , as long as they are an Eligible Swap Participant I open them up for all products except European physical power , which I never open them for . Also , Credit Derivatives , I never open anyone up for unless we really mean it . So , my question to you is did London actively approve the non US & Canadian based products ( especially physical power) . If you didn't , then I am going to take this as an oversight of the pre-approval process and shut them down for European physical power .
It's only a reflection of our high regard for you that we pass on this matter for your adept handling .
You're a machine !
Sam & Stephanie , Re: Cargill Ferrous International It was my understanding with the EOL Team that all divisions would have the legal incorporated entity as part of the name . Stephanie , I my preference is to kick their Password Application back and get them to change it to read something like "Cargill Ferrous International , a division of Cargill , Inc." or "Cargill , Inc . acting through its Cargill Ferrous International Division" .
Re: Glencore Commodities Limited ( cpy 92858 ) The counterparty is my work queue is Glencore Ltd. , ( cpy26313 ) not the above . Is this a mistake ?
Do you know the progress of getting a physical power master in place with this counterparty ? Can you keep me apprised . They are obviously a quasi-affiliate and we have internal people contacting me checking on their progress . Thanks !
Why do you say OK for weather ? What restrictions do you have for counterparties trading weather ?
Attached is my list that I use as a reference . Please let me know if you disagree with any of the European advice .
You , as counsel , can agree to any form of NDA you think is acceptable . I will print it out and bring it around for signature
Your Manager access appears to be completed .
Sharon , Per the email below , I looked in the financial trading agreement database and saw that Stephanie Panus , a paralegal in our group prepared an Annex B for this counterparty in January of this year . I would just confirm that the credit is the same and then use the same Annex B as before . I am going to fax the credit worksheet that Credit send Stephanie in January so you can check the credit . Below is the Annex B Stephanie prepared .
Sharon , There are some hanky things going on in these confirms I don't like . I've just spoken to Russell and I'm going to talk to a swap attorney and then get back to you .
I spoke to Stephanie and anytime between 9-11 am or after 3:30 pm would be fine for us . Just let us know .
I don't know if Mark Greenberg ran this one by you or not , we are already preparing it for signature , but can you check on this counterparty for NDAs . Much thanks !
I don't know what you're talking about , so I must not be the right person .
We are trying to track down the signed documents for this counterparty . Our notes reflect that Samantha Boyd sent them up to Peter for execution on 3/9/01 with instructions to send them back to Samantha Boyd when executed . My understanding is that they were signed in Canada and returned to Samantha , but they have not yet shown up here . If you sent them fedex and can track them via a tracking number can you see if you can find them . They appear to have done some unauthorized trades w/o having the master signed and this has now become a really high priority . Thanks !
Things are looking better . We tracked down the documents and it appears that Samantha sent them to counterparty's outside counsel on 3/15/01 . I just spoke to Maureen Donley-Hoopes at outside counsel and asked her to fax me the signature pages of the ISDA and counterparty's guaranty to me ASAP . Once we get those Russell will be a happy man and we can send a confirm out under the ISDA . I'll let you know as soon as we get the fax in .
Brant , please do not put me on emails for day to day business , drafts of masters and confirms . Thanks .
At the request of Julie Ferrara , I am attaching our proposed Second Amendment to License Agreement which extends the term of the License Agreement from March 31 , 2001 to June 30 , 2001 .  If the enclosed meets with your approval , please execute the Second Amendment and return it to me via fax no . ( 713 ) 646-3490 . I will then have it executed by Enron . If you have any comments or questions please call me at ( 713 ) 853-3399 .
TFS was sent out but has not came back in signed . I was out yesterday , so Spectron has not gone out . I have that on my list to do today .
What do you think about Russell's request for a confirm here ? I think this is really confusing for our Canadian team . There must be requirements for the LC if it's an upfront LC , we would need a zero threshold . I just don't think this is very straight forward for these poor Candadian girls to figure out . What do you think ?
Linda & Sharon , My primary job responsibility is to online trading , and right now EnronOnline is quite a beast of a customer . Because of that I please ask that you direct any future questions you may have with respect to confirmations to our two paralegals who handle the day to day trading , Susan Bailey at x34737 and Stephanie Panus at x53249 . With respect to the two current Canadian confirmations , Sara Shackleton , an attorney in our Group , is working with Credit to resolve the questions on the Slater Steel and Casco credit worksheets .
We have received the originally signed copy ( via fax ) of the Termination Agreement dated 3/15/01 with respect to EnronOnlineTransactions Nos . 10000172 and 1000173 . Copies will be distributed .
I am OK with what Credit say , which is if the counterparties are already approved for trading those pulp & lumber products theyan trade the new products , except for the following counterparties which we need to be careful about becuase they could only tansact newsprint: The Bakersfield Californian: can transact only newsprint E.W . Scripps Company ( The ) can only transact 48.8 gram newsprint swaps
OK for me .
I can't tell by Lotus Notes , is anyone aware of a "credit sleeve" with TMG ?
I take it all the other counterparties on this list cannot transact power since they are restricted by Credit.. .
We haven't heard anything on this NDA , have you ?
Are these additional counterparties ? I only look at lists I receive from Credit .
Let me know if I am missing any lists.. .
I'm not showing I looked at this list at all . Isn't that right ?
Any updates on adding the correct legal name to this counterparty name ?
Reggie just brought around a whole stack of confirms of pulp & paper deals that came into the fax area . Is anyone looking for this stack of confirms ? If not , I'll have Reggie walk them down to Joe Hunter .
I tracked down the culprit who worked on this master and it was Mark Taylor . I know he called Jon McKay and had a conversation with him about it and is looking at the master for particular issues in response to his conversation with Jon .
Another Division Mark , Global Counterparty wants me to approve this EOL counterparty which is a division . My deal with the EOL team was that they would kick these counterparties back and try to get the legal incorporated entity as part of the name . Global Counterparty is satisfied opening counterparties up as divisions and I am getting frustrated constantly fighting this battle . Do you wish to intercede , or shall I give up and let counterparties be opened as divisions ? Do you want to call a meeting with Sam's boss to discuss divisions ? What to do ?
Per conv . a minute ago with Marcus , Christi Nicolay in the Regulatory Group just checked and Ontario Power Generation does not have a FERC marketing license . That leaves them to buying US power only ( both east & west OK) . Please make this change immediately . Thanks !
I want a parking space in the new garage . Please let me know what I need to do to get it !
Well , I guess we could . since we needed to do it immediately , only Stepanie can only do it immediately . Do you want me to change it , or , Stephanie , since you've already changed it will it be already changed tomorrow so we don't need to do anything . I'm so confused?!! !
I'm working on Samantha's IMC Canada . It was signed by faxed signatures yesterday and I am expecting the originally signed documents to come in by Federal Express today .
Will , I usually send these directly to the customer unless you prefer otherwise , so I will also need an email address or telephone and fax number . I also need to know whether you want a bilateral form of non-disclosure agreement or a one way form that protects Enron only . In circumstances where we are certain Enron will be the only party providing confidential information we prefer to use that form . Also , I need to know the nature of the confidential information you are discussing so we can protect the information being discussed .
No .
I was out Monday with a migraine .
I've got the awards dinner wrong . That should be yes . RSVP - Law Conference Autoreply Please respond to Sara.Davidson
Thanks !
OK for me . Lisa Lees cc: Tom Moran/Enron@EnronXGate , Stephanie Sever/HOU/ECT@ECT Subject: Product Type Aprroval - US Plastic RGC3 Phy Fwd ) The product long description below will fall under the new product type USPlastic RGC3 Physical Forward . Credit ( Tom Moran ) has approved copying theprofiles for the new product type from the following: US Styrene FOB Physical Forward Please respond by Monday , April 2 . Thank you .
I think this one is your to approve ( or someone in power) .
I think it may be possible that we have existing NDAs in place with the referenced counterparty . The nature of our discussions that I am currently preparing an NDA for is the possible access to and use of a web-based transactions-support system for online and offline commodity trade ( including derivative products) .
You're wearing me down , you're relentless!! !
How about this one ?
Thanks . I seem to be keeping you busy today !
It makes me feel so wanted...not !
I have complete faith in you ! By the way , the guy from Star already called with corrections to their company name , it's Starsupply Petroleum Inc . He said he passed the agreement on to his legal and he would be getting us comments back on Monday .
Be careful using IMC Canada to prepare your draft from . Even though we have chosen NY law , we had two Canadian companies entering into the IMC Canada agreement so there is language in the agreement that is Canadian specific , and it might be missing some required US language . I have also attached a redlined draft reflecting the negotiated changes to the form since the form we first sent the form to the counterparty . I have attached our current form of ISDA Schedule as a reference . The Canadian changes will be color coded , so you can see them easily . Also , please note: there have been recent amendments to the CFTC Rules that have required certain changes to the swap reps , in particular there are no longer "eligible swap participants" , the current terminology is "eligible contract participant" . Please see Part 5(b ) of the Schedule in particular .
I'm not showing I got your response for this day.. .
Those are negotiated changes . The only was to tell what is a "Canadian" thing is by looking at the form . It is color coded with different colors for different countries or other special legal issues . I believe Canada is a purplely pink color in the form , the footnotes should tell you .
My notes show that this is a governmental . It is the utility for the Town of Colorado Springs , Colorado .
I do not have an EZ tag .
I never heard back from you . You were going to look at my list of approved jurisdictions and see if you disagreed with any of my information . I'll be out the rest of the week , but maybe when I get back we can chat again on the phone , and maybe pull Edmund in , because before Edmund got sick , we were pretty much in agreement on how he was supposed to respond about Americas countries and how I should respond about European countries .
Strictly informational . I need to know everytime we have a governmental entity , so since there was no note in the side that this was connected a governmental I had to research that . I was sharing the information I gathered with you so as to save you some time in case you didn't already know this . Obviously , you did .
Re: Usinor SA: that appears to be a London counterparty . It should not be on our list . London Legal should approve their counterparties for ALL products , not only European based .
I do not have an EZ tag .
While I am out this week can you please send the online lists to Stephanie Panus , a paralegal in our Group . She will forward them to the distribution so we don't lose any time .
I will be out from this afternoon through the rest of this week . In my absence Stephanie Panus will be sending you the EOL Lists . Please direct any responses you have to the lists to ME , not to Stephanie . Thank you .
With respect to that rush Guaranty for the referenced counterparty you so kindly got me on Monday , per our conversation , we will need an incumbency certificate for that guaranty as well . As usual , I appreciate your help !
Just a reminder to check on whether we have an NDA in place or not.. .
At the request of Stephen Abbanat , I am attaching our proposed form of Non-Disclosure Agreement . We would appreciate it if you could please verify whether "CMS Energy-Panhandle Pipe Line Companies" is the correct legal name of your company . If you have any comments or questions , please call Mark Greenberg , Senior Counsel , at ( 713 ) 345-8897as I will be on vacation the rest of this week .
OK for me .
1 . If we have a US counterparty we insert the appropriate choice . 2 . Revisions to the CFTC Rules have done away with the "Eligible Swap Participant" rules for energy commodities ( they would still apply to agricultural products) . The rules are still pretty similar however , and thcurrent lingo is now "Eligible Contract Participants" . See our revised forattached . cc: Marianne Castano/HOU/EES@EES Subject: swaps I have a couple of questions concerning swaps that I hope you can answer . 1 . With respect to Part 2 . Tax Representations . to the Schedule , is it standard to insert into the Schedule the information from Form #3 when dealing with a U.S . Counterparty ? 2 . Part 5 . Other Provisions . Is the following point the most current andalso a standard provision in the Schedule when dealing with a U.S . Counterparty ? ( h ) Eligible Swap Participant . It constitutes an &eligible swap particias such term is defined in Rule 35.1(b)(2 ) of the Commodity Futures TradingThanks alot for your continued support of EES Legal . Thanks Karen
Thanks for your help this week , I appreciate it!! !
Anytime ! cc: Subject: Re: swaps Thank you Tana .
Attached are the online contracts .
No !
Per notice below , please note that E.D.F Man International Inc.has changedits name to Man Financial Inc . ( you may already know this , but I didn't! )
Yes .
It looks like Mark has been working on this from out of the office . Maybe you don't have to do anything !
The ISDA Agreement is not in electronic form . I will send you over a clean version .
That's a deal !
I got a call from National Bank of Canada and they said that we purchased the referenced company and what did we intend to do with the trade between NBC and Daishowa ? Anyone know anything about this ?
To confirm our conversation yesterday , the referenced counterparty can only purchase power in the east .
Ken Curry is following up with the woman from NBC on this .
You are the Best !
Mark , We emailed an Enron One Way NDA to Global Crossing , Ltd . 11/22/00 at the request of Peter Feltman . Was there something the matter with that form or is this for something totally different ?
I was on Vacation as follows: Tuesday April 2 , after 2:00 pm Wed , April 3 Thurs , April 4 Friday , April 5
Do we had any NDAs in place with the referenced counterparty . In particular , they seem to be interested in the liquids trading/group . Thanks !
See my initial email to Sam Schott and Stephanie , about 3rd email from the bottom , there's two samples of how we could set divisions ( the same could be said for dba's) .
To summarize and in response to our meeting last week: 1 . I am attaching the list of Non-Disclosure Agreements I maintain for the Enron Net Works Team and my proposed form for the EnronOffline Team . Please let me know if this form meets with your approval or if there are any changes you would like . This list will be circulated to the Project Offline Team Wednesday afternoon . Mark , could you please provide me a list of the people you would like the list circulated to . 2 . All future requests for NDAs for the EnronOffline Team should be directed to me instead of Kay Young . The request for the NDA should be sent to me by email and include the legal name of the company , the contact at the company and the company's address . In addition , each request for an NDA for EnronOffline should be clearly indicated as a Project Offline NDA ( since I prepare many other NDAs for Enron Net Works) . At the request of the dealmaker , I usually send the NDAs directly to the counterparty by email , so an email address should be included . If you would like the NDA sent some other way , please let me know ( hard copy sent by mail or fedex , fax , etc.) . 3 . I will work with Travis ( or other ENA lawyers , as necessary )  to circulate and revise any comments from counterparties . I will then circulate the NDAs for signature . When fully executed , the originals will be filed with Kay Young . Please note that copies of ALL Network agreements should also be filed with Lisa Lees ( the original should always be filed with her , except Confidentiality Agreements , which get filed with Kay Young) . 4 . Kay Young will review my list to determine if there are any NDAs that she has prepared that should be added to the list . If I have missed anything or if you have any comments or questions please call me at x33399 .
I wanted to thank you and your team for getting this done so quickly . I really appreciate it !
Swap away !
I'm sorry about not turning this around sooner . I thought I might be getting other comments from you . If it meets with your approval , please sign it and return it via fax no . ( 713 ) 646-3490 and I will have it signed by Enron and return a copy to you by fax .
We need to act on Marcus's email immediately . Ed , if you disagree , you need to talk to Marcus .
The referenced counterparty is on the list below for online approval to trade us gas financial products . This counterparty came through before on the 1/20/00 list and we did not approve them for financial trading because of a "payment dispute" . Is anyone out there aware of the payment dispute with this counterparty , and has it been resolved ? Can we open this counterparty up to trade financial ? They are an ESP.. .
As as follow-up to my earlier email , it is now OK to immediately open the referenced counterparty back up to transact both sides of USphysical power as we have received the necessary documentation evidencing their authority to trade power .
Bill , I think you are about to become my new best friend ! We have another long standing counterparty we cannot get approved on EnronOnline because we cannot get the counterparty set up in GCP . The Counterparty sent in a Password Application styled: Koch Industries , Inc. , acting through its Koch Hydrocarbon Company Division . ( Which also happens to be the same styling on the Master Swap Agreement we have in place with this Counterparty. ) They way I understand it , GCP has the two following Counterparties already set up: ( 1 ) Koch Industries , Inc. , and ( 2 ) Koch Hydrocarbon Company Division . The EnronOnline Team has been trained to never set up a company as a division , to always send the Password Application back to the Counterparty and try to get the Counerparty to resubmit the application with the legal incorporated name as part of the counterparty name , which they sucessfully did in this instance , but now we cannot get the counterparty set up in GCP . Can you help us?!! !
Can you help me with this ?
Any conflicts What is the nature of your discussions ?
Do you have an address for them ?
That Tom is a smart man , I'm just going to have to mirror him !
Should this basket of weather swaps be treated special in any way ?
Clem , Attached is the resume of my dear friend , Carolyn Varela . Carolyn started working at Liddell , Sapp , Zivley , Hill & LaBoon a few months before I did in 1984 ( while I left after 10 years for the greener pastures of Enron!) . Before coming to Liddell , Sapp , Carolyn was a Corporate Paralegal at Texas Commerce Bank , one of the principal clients of Liddell , Sapp , and was a key contact for handling the TCB relationship over the years along with the primary lawyer she worked for , Mr . LaBoon , who maintained the TCB relationship for the law firm . Carolyn is a kind , cheerful person , a hard worker and a pleasure to be around . I was in the Municipal Bond Group and she was in the Corporate Group , but we frequently backed each other up ( as well as the Real Estate and Lending teams ) on closings , proofreading documents , large filings , etc . I think she would be a great asset to your team and Enron .
At the request of Mark Greenberg , I am forwarding to you the proposed Non-Disclosure Agreement between Pricewaterhouse ( for CreditDimensions ) and Enron Credit Limited . Mark Greenberg has spoken to the counterparty and made a few changes to Pricewaterhouse's form . If you have any questions about the transaction , the business person on the deal is Kim Detiveaux here in Houston . Otherwise , we would appreciate your assistance in getting Richard Sage in London to execute this agreement .
For Compaq , you say approved for financial trading , but then you've got an "X" in the box . I think you need to open them up.. .
Ditto Credit .
Please talk to Mark Greenberg , an attorney in our group , at ( 713 ) 345-8897 . I am a paralegal .
Sorry about that ! With respect to the amendment to the list for 4/18/01 , the approval I sent down earlier should still be good since I'm the one that figure out she said approve for financial and then had them shut down for financial .
We've got an Australian counterparty on the list for the 18th .
Legal is OK to open the above counterparty immediately for US east physical and financial power products .
Please let me know if you have any comments to the attached list .
you've got to get this straight with Global Counterparty or you're going to have a bust on your trades .
I have revised the list to add a few more NDAs that have come to my attention , and then am also sending the regular Net Works NDA List as well . I hope these are helpful .
You are the best !
We're on ! 7:00 pm .
Would you like to set up this meeting or would you like me to ? I would like to get this Koch thing resolved ASAP , so I think the sooner , the better . From Legal's side , both Mary Cook and I need to be included , I spoke to Credit and both Walter Guidroz and Tom Moran would like to be included , probably Joe Hunter from the Confirm Desk as well , and anyone else you're aware of . Let me know how you think we should proceed .
With respect to this new counterparty for EnronOnline ( correct name to follow): Sam Schott advises us that we are limited to 90 characters for a counterparty name in GCP . The correct legal name for this counterparty is longer than 90 characters . I discussed this with Marcus Nettelton , our power lawyer , and if the following scenario meets with the approval of the financial and physical power Confirmation Desks we think the best way to treat this matter is to set the counterparty up in GCP as follows and then add this counterparty to the special handling list so all confirmations , physical and financial , offline and online , go out with the LEGAL NAME , not with the GCP NAME . LEGAL NAME OF COUNTERPARTY: Alliant Energy Corporate Services , Inc. , as authorized agent for and on behalf of IES Utilities Inc. , Interstate Power Company , and Wisconsin Power and Light Company SUGGESTED NAME FOR GCP: Alliant Energy Corporate Services , Inc. , as Agent for three listed utilities Joe and Kim , is this workable for the Confirm Desks ? If you can let me and Sam know then Sam can get them set us . Thanks for your help !
I'm just going to have to call you Quick Draw McGraw ! I Can't print the lists out before I get a response from you !
At Wendi's request , I have submitted a request to get you both edit access to the Financial Trading Agreement Database . In the meantime , below is the icon that will allow you to have view access to everything but the comments . I will let you know when your edit access is approved ( at which time you will be able to input changes/comments , as well as be able to see comments) . link -->
Things have come up w/Mark & Sara and there is a clear indication from their front that we need to retain the green files . Maybe we need to discuss this with the whole group... ?
You should have edit access now . Why don't you go and take a look . You should have edit access now . Why don't you go in and take a look .
Just a note so we are all on the same page.. . I just had a superseded and replaced Enron Corp . guaranty that the counterparty returned to me , and I asked Clem to verify what he wanted me to do with the old original guaranty , and he said to send it back to him and he would have Cindy mark it "canceled" .
I havent heard anything back from them , Mark , have you ?
Upon consultation with various members of the Swap Group , I am having Taffy make dinner reservations for 7:00 pm at La Fogata in San Antonio for 14 people on Wednesday night . This is not obligatory , so if you have other dinner plans , please do not feel under any pressure to join us , just let me know . Of course , if any one comes up with a better place , I'm open to suggestions... , but at least we'll have something !
Per Sara Shackleton , an attorney in the Swap Group , Doug Friedman was involved in the payment dispute that was the reason I didn't open them up for financial trading the first time they came around in January 2000 . Based on the email below , I will be opening them up on EOL to trade financial .
thanks Taffy !
I was just thinking , if you could get to my office a little earlier , say 5:00 on Monday , I could take you on my "nickle" tour of Houston while it is still light outside , if you like? !
I've got you down for Monday , can you do Monday ?
Are you ok with this ( they would not be listing , as agent for 3 listed utilities) ?
I am sorry I am just getting back to you , but I had to check with my wholelegal team around the world , and I just heard back from the final criticalone . We are OK with them trading the products below . However , on physicalpower , they can only trade west power . Stephanie , will you need to open them up so they can trade immediately ? To: Lisa Lees/ENRON@enronXgate , Stephanie Sever/ENRON@enronXgate , Ta cc: Subject: FW: PG&E Energy Trading Entities Lisa/Stephanie , could you please ensure that the trading profiles for each of the three PG&E entities are changed below such that by tomorrow morning thewill be able to transact once we restore their headroom once we enter it into the system ? Tana , are you OK with restoring the changes reflected below ? I'm thinkingthat since they had this transact ability once before , that it should be OKPLEASE LET ME KNOW IF THERE WILL BE ANY PROBLEMS . Thanks all ! Walter
Link -->
You are the best ! cc: Subject: RE: FW: PG&E Energy Trading Entities Their profile has been modified . Thanks , Stephanie
When you send out your email list of counterparties can you please identify the following counterparties whenthey are on the list as the present particular legal problems: 1 . governmental entities 2 . hedge funds Much thanks !
Ok for me .
OK for me .
Rob , can I get the four deal nos . so I can get the information I need from the confirm desk to prepare the termination letters ? I will contact Steve South to get the name & phone nos . of the contacts at the counterparty I can send the letters to .
Attached is a list of four deals for some online "oops" trades . Can you send me the deal particulars so I can prepare terminations of the trades .
Rob Cass sent me the deal nos. , and I have made a request to the confirm desk to get the trade terms . Thanks for your help .
I really don't know . Maybe the icon , which is just a shortcut to the database , won't work because of outlook . I haven't had this problem with any other people on outlook before . You might want to talk to your computer person . He can probably find the database the long way . It is just a misc . Lotus Notes application .
Whatever happened to the NDA we sent over to London for signature for Enron
You are bad to the bones... !
Yes , I never got the signed NDA faxed to me .
Yes .
I never heard back whether you were OK with the "for 3 listed utilities" being dropped off the "as agent" thing.. .
Should we reject this from this onset or do you think it is OK ?
marcus is ok with the name change without the "for 3 listed utilities" , so let it fly !
Thank you Kay , I really appreciate all your help !
As an FYI , from time to time I will be preparing NDAs for the Networks team headed by Mark S . Palmer working with Travis on "Project Offline" . Project Offline has evolved a form of NDA and added a non-solicitation clause and a residuals clause . I wanted you to be familiar with the form in case Travis is not here , you,as are my backup lawyer for the Networks team . The form , like all my Networks forms is kept in my "Confidentiality Agreements" subdirectory under "Forms" ( in case you ever need it and I'm not around) .
Do we have any NDAs in place with the referenced counterparty ?
Attached for your review is a list of the NDAs we either have executed or have sent drafts to the customer . Please take time to review this list to make sure that the status of any NDA you are interested in is correctly reflected . Call me at x33399 with any comments or questions .
Do you have the address for the counterparty ?
Attached is the NDA you requested .
Sounds like an Indian chief ! Of course , the name on this LOI I just got is Finn Swarting , which isn't much better !
Quick Draw...!! !
Can I send my old parking card back thru interoffice mail ?
I'll be there . I didn't sign up for the organized activities . I'll just be hanging out . The Swap Group is having dinner Wednesday night , if you haven't already made plans do you want to join us , we're about 15 in number right now !
It's a date !
We've picked up two more diners for La Fogata in San Antonio , Andrea Calo and Yao Apasu . Can you call back the restaurant and switch our reservation to two tables of 8 people , instead of one table of 14 . I think a table of 8 will be more manageable than a table of 16 . Thanks !
As we discussed , attached is my "Cheat Sheet" which I use to guide me when approving non-US counterparties that come in through EnronOnline via Houston Credit . London Legal and I try to coordinate our responses but I cannot speak for them and the standards they may apply to approving counterparties to trade online . They also frequently deal with different countries than us . You may want to speak to Justin Boyd . Generally , with respect to most physical trading , except power trading , there are no legal restrictions to trading . Most of the restrictions in this list are with respect to financial products . Physical bandwidth has generally not done much legal due diligence outside of the US and the UK and bandwidth is therefore not open to non US and UK counterparties . With physical power , generally , in most countries they require some sort of power marketing license so I look to the power lawyers to guide me . As I also mentioned , for Japan or Australian based counterparties I wait for David Minns or Jane McBride to advise me .
Yes , Mark Greenberg will pick this up .
Link --> The link is above . I have to do your request for edit capability . You will not be able to see comments or make Credit comments until your request is completed . I will let you know when that is done .
She seemed to have more initiative than the average temp . Was nice . I would be fine with having her work for me again .
Re: Element Re I just checked with Brent Hendry , the attorney on this one , and it should read "...as agent for XL Trading Partners Ltd." not "of"
The Swap Group has already made plans for a dinner on Wednesday or I would love to join you . Thanks for inviting me !
Thanks , you're the best !
Per my discussion with Mark Taylor and our conversation today , attached is the form of Termination Agreement that should be used when terminating EnronOnline mistake or "oops" trades . The trades should continue to be initially run past the Legal Department to determine whether there are any unusual circumstances surrounding the trades , but absent unusual circumstances , Legal will then pass the trades on to the Confirmation Desk for preparation of the Termination Letter and further handling . These same procedure should apply to physical as well as financial transactions . Since this is a contract , the agreement will require the initials of a lawyer and signature of a VP or above for the relevant company . The Termination Letter should be brought to the appropriate Legal Group for signature . The current policy with respect to mistake trades is that the trade should be terminated . Reverse trades should not be entered into . If you have any questions , please call .
Any problems with this counterparty ?
Any Problems with this counterparty ?
Danm that doesn't sound like a full legal name... ?
thanks for your help !
below are the four "oops" trades the prompted my changing of the procedure . I left a voicemail for the trader to provide me with the phone number and name of the person who he spoke to but he never returned my calls . I guess , if someone from Joe's group could please prepare the two termination letters and get them signed.. . Thanks . Link -->
Your attachment doesn't seem to be attached.. .
Yes , are you at the top of the list ? You should be trying to open the top database that says "secured" .
I have forwarded your email to Mary Cook , a lawyer in our "Swap Group" , for handling . Her direct dial number is ( 713 ) 345-7732 .
Just a note to always remember to check "ERMS" , we are frequently amending or updating and replacing old ERMS masters with ISDAs and ERMS should always be added as a company when you prepare the legal credit list . Thanks .
It won't let me open the document . Can you ressend it ?
Ok to copy .
We will need to catch a cab to get to La Fogata which is located at 2427 Vance Jackson Road in San Antonio . Our dinner reservations are for 7:00 pm , so I suggest we all meet in the hotel lobby at 6:30 and catch group cabs together . Dress is casual . The phone number for the restaurant is 210-340-1337 , in case you get lost in a wild cab ride or something similar ( this will have special meaning to certain swap group members!) . If you haven't RSVP'd back to me , please do so , so I can get an accurate head count for tomorrow . See you in San Antonio .
Yao , you're a bum , we will miss you at dinner tonight !
Any conflicts ?
As you requested , attached is the referenced NDA .
Any conflicts ?
Attached is the NDA for the referenced counterparty .
Mary Cook also asked me to forward the below email re: NYMEX collateral toyou .
I would love to pick up you and Henry !
Any conflicts ?
Sheri , I need to know the nature of the discussions we will be having with this company so I know how to word the decription in the agreement . Also , usually I email the agreements directly to the counterparty , so unless he will be delivering this in another manner , I will need an email address .
We do not have a master swap agreement in place with CMS Field Services , Inc . so there is no need to send us a copy of the notice .
Marilyn , Do we have some documentation from the City that shows the City of Long Beach with a "Inc." at the end of their name ? I have never seen a city with an Inc . at the end of their name before , that is a corporate thing , not a municipal thing.. .
OK for me .
Pursuant to the documentation the counterparty provided when they entered into the power EEI , and at the direction of Marcus Nettelton , a lawyer in the power group , the counterparty name for the Port of Oakland should set up in GCP as follows: The City of Oakland , a municipal corporation acting by and through its Board of Port Commissioners GCP , if you could please redo the counterparty name , and Stephanie , if you could please resubmit the PA to match the counterparty name , then we can get this one done.. .
Thanks for the info . I'll direct it to her the next time .
We have another problem with that 90 character thing.. .
At the request of Travis McCullough , I am attaching a copy of the Non-Disclosure Agreement , revised to delete the non-solicitation clause .
Joe , I need the deal specifics so I can prepare an exhibit .
Per my voicemail , attached is the assignment of the FPL trade . If you could please attach as Exhibit A , the specifics of the trade and then fax the assignment to the counterparty . When the counterparty faxes the signed Assignment back we will have to have it initialled by a lawyer since it is a contract , and send it up to me and I will get someone to sign it .
Enron Net Works LLC needs another NDA in place with the referenced company . Any conflicts ?
I look forward to having you all as guests for an evening of Cajun cooking at my home on Saturday , May 19 at 7:00 pm . Some of us ( I won't name names! ) are hoping we might even have enough time to play a wicked game of African Uno ! Below is the list of the individuals attending the dinner at my home , and attached below are the recipes for the evening . I will provide beer , wine and soft drinks . In addition , I will make a big pot of white rice to go with the Red Beans & Rice , & Shrimp Etouffe . Please let me know as soon as possible which recipe you would prefer to prepare . Laura Johnson ( 1 ) Charles and Janice Thompson ( 2 ) Henry and Alicia Goodrow ( 2 ) Beryl and Ray Mack ( 2 ) The directions to my house are as follows: 1 . Take 59 to the Greenbriar exit ( like you are going to Church ) 2 . Make a right on Greenbriar 3 . Quickly get into the left lane because you will have to make the first left possible onto a street called Milford 4 . Then , make a left onto Shepherd ( you need to go back one street in the opposite direction ) 5 . The first right will be Banks Street ( it is the street right next to the 59 freeway ) 6 . On Banks , go past the first stop sign , I will be the 3 or 4th house on the left , a taupe colored , ivy covered cottage , 1920 Banks 7 . My phone number is ( 713 ) 529-1038
Matt , The only people that can have full view and edit capability are Legal and Credit ( for legal/client confidentiality purposes) . Attached is the icon , which is just a shortcut link to the database and you can send that link to any Enron employee and they will have view access to all the information in the database except the legal and credit comments . I will make a request to add the legal and credit people to get edit capability . I think Denis O'Connell already had edit access , send him the link and let me know if he has edit access . ( you can just copy this link and add it to emails to people , however , I'm a little afraid it might not work from London , because it is just a shortcut , if it doesn't , you might need your computer people to create a shortcut link for y'all , let me know) . Link -->
Matt , Justin Boyd , Mark Elliott and Paul Simons already had edit access to the database . From London , Nicola Beales , Robert Quick , Tracy Foy & Robert McGrory ( is he in Legal? ) already have edit access ( also yourself & Edmund) . Are All the other People you have requesting edit access in Legal ? On read access , Rod Nelson from Credit already has Edit access from his days in London . You can send all those other people the Link ( if it works ) and they should be able to get in . If they are in Credit we will want them to have edit access because they can read the comments so they can see more detail about the negotiation . And hopefully , input their comments about their negotiation to keep Legal apprised ( we can always hope!) .
No time out for Tana .
The cornbread is yours !
Sorry you can't make it.. .
Good job !
Cute kitty , makes me want to get another kitten . It's hard to believe Frank ever looked like that , tho... !
You should now have edit access for the financial trading database . Please only edit those entries relating relating to ECTRIC . Below is the icon which I hope should get you entry into the database ( it's a shortcut , and I'm not sure it work in England , let me know and I'll stop sending it to people there if it doesn't!) . Link -->
You now have edit access to the financial trading agreements database .
Jane , We have a Japanese counterparty on this list that wants to trade physical & financial pulp & paper . Any problems ?
L:ovely choice !
Thanks for the info !
The confidentiality provisions contained in this agreement do not allow us to provide the agreement to affiliates . I will need some direction from the counterparty either via email or phone before I can send you a copy of the agreement . Sorry.. .
I had a rush approval on this list , so while you were out having a baby ( well , actually Louise was doing all the hard work!) , I called Leslie at home at Elizabeth's direction because I had to get Sierra Pacific Holding Company approved . We are currently purchasing power from them and Ed Sacks said we just gotten an EEI in place with them so Leslie approved them for both the bid and offer on west power ( even tho Credit is going to open them up for purchases only) . No one has approved any other lists while you were out , so I have been patiently been waiting your return...sniff...sniff.. .
Can you please put this counterparty in profile manager for me . We had a really old ERMS Master that restricted the types of financial products they could trade under it , and I want to take a look and see what we've got them approved for . They should be able to trade any financial products now . Thanks !
On the ISDA replacement front , just a reminder that we want to put Morgan Stanley Capital Group at the forefront , we have an old Energy Price Swap Agreement in place with them , and then there's always our favorite , the old AIG "Master Master" , now with Sempra , that raises a whole host of other issues...you were going to talk to Bill about that one.. . Do you want me to put them on the list for the Legal/Credit meeting as a reminder ?
As of this week EnronOnline has just started offering US/Canadian Dollar Swaps Online . As part of my review in determining whether a counterparty can transact these products online I look at the Financial Trading Agreement Database to see if there are any restrictions indicated , check the master swap agreement , and I am also looking at any Board Resolutions we might have received when we got the master agreement executed . What I am finding is that in the old days when we asked for resolutions evidencing the authority to enter into the master agreement/derivative transactions frequently the resolutions do not allow the counterparies to enter into currency transactions . Since transacting these currency transactions with our energy customers is a new area of business for us I just wanted us all to be mindful to check these old resolutions and not to rely solely on the "Restrictions" contained in Lotus Notes .
You are absolutely the best !
I think we should stick with the standard so people can cook it at home if they like it .
I will not be able get your Legal Group Access until I get their SAP Cost Center and Company Numbers . Their Profiles in the system are not complete .
Any conflicts ?
Jake , If you would like me to email this to your customer I will need their email address .
Below is the ISDA in electronic format as you requested . This draft is several years old and if you are putting a new one in place I would suggest you start from the newest version of the form and just use this to use as a blackline version .
Is the counterparty known by the above ID Lyke Corporation or Ripon Community Printers , I'm confused ?
Attached is the NDA for Cargill you requested . At the direction of Mark Greenberg , I have added a non-solicitation clause .
How has the GCP been set up ?
I forwarded a guy down to Credit on 5/9/01 from the referenced counterparty who wanted to get an ISDA in place with us . I told him he would have to speak to our Credit Dept . first , and from the tone of his voicemail it doesn't sound like he's heard from anyone . Can you make sure that someone calls him so he doesn't call me again . His name is Greg Bass and his no . is 619/696-3177 . Thanks .
Is this an individual ?
Is there an Inc . or Co . or something like that in the name ?
Thanks for following up on that . I got the counterparty to refax the document to us and Lorraine just got Andy to re-execute it .
On this request , I meant "Users" , not "Readers" , so they can have edit access .
On this request , I meant "Users" , not "Readers , so they can have edit access . On this request I meant "Users" , not "Readers" , so they can have edit access .
On this request , I meant "Users" , not "readers , so he can have edit access .
I bet Martin is going to have a different Company Code and Legal Cost Code than London . His info in the computer also isn't complete . Can you track that down for me . Thanks !
What did you revise ?
Anna's information is not completed and I bet her cost center is different from yours ( company the same?) .
I've got everyone's access submitted except Martin Rosell and Anna Reich and Oliver Harrison whose company codes and cost centers I will need . Justin , Mark Illiott , Robert Quick and Paul Simons already had edit access into the database and does your assistant Nicola Beales who should be checking that when she approves counterparties for EnronOnline ( although I don't think the UK agreement are currently up-to-date , although they need to be for EnronOnline , it will save her a lot of time) . I'm a little worried about your Credit people making changes . When you approve Credit people , warn them that they are should not make any changes except to Credit comments . Edmund will need to go in and add your Legal and Credit people to the Database Keywords as only he should have access to add Keywords . You might want to get him started on that because you have a lot of people to add . It's taken me quite a bit of time get all these approvals done !
On or about 5/2/01we opened the above counterparty to transact Canadian/US Currency Swaps on EnronOnline ( which they cannot transact under the old Master Energy Price Swap Agreement , they would have to transact udner the GTC) . After discussing this counterparty w/Sara Shackleton , an attorney in the swap group , it appears that Sara has been talking to Morgan Stanley and Morgan Stanley does all its interest rate & currency business out of Morgan Stanley Capital Services , Inc . We can keep Morgan Stanley Capital Group open for currency swaps , but if they don't trade currency swaps out of that company we'll know why . Sara is already working on an ISDA Master for Capital Services for Gary Hickerson's group .
Your request for our ISDA Password has been forwarded on to me . Below is the password .
Would it be possible to ask some key people from our Credit Dept . to attend this semiar ?
Perfect !
I heard about this kitty on the news but the didn't have any pictures . Thanks for forwarding it on !
I have given the form to an attorney to review . As soon as he returns to his office I'll try and get a timetable for when we can expect an answer on whether their form is acceptable or not .
Mark , when you send out documents can you put the counterparty's name in the subject line so when I'm looking for the documents I can find them easier . Much thanks .
I will attend .
New NDA for the Online Team , this time relating to ecommerce and business to business strategies . Any conflicts.. .
Mark , Your header is wrong on the 4th page . The other pages say "David Berberian" and the 4th Page has some other guys name .
So I don't forget when you get back , I just spoke to John Allario , and we either need to amend or draft a new NDA for General Motors to deal with some new business approaches Net Works is making with them . We'll need to possible add in 3 other Enron companies , so when you get back give me a call and I'll bring my notes around and we can discuss this .
It depends on the sophistication of the counterparty . I think Tembec is fairly sophisticated based on the resolutions from them I have already seen . For a counterparty that isn't , we have sample board resolutions we can send them , or we even prepare them for some counterparties because sometimes they can't even figure out how to fill in the blanks .
Andrea , I had Mark Greenberg , an attorney that works on EOL matters , review Green Mountain's form of CA and he much prefers ours . What he suggested is that you send the counteparty back our form and say something to the effect that EnronOnline has a standard form of Confidentiality Agreement we prefer to execute our form . If the form meets with their approval we're golden . If they don't like it have them call me ( and I'll just refer them to Mark!) . Attached is our preferred form .
An NDA for EOL , this time it would protect the counterparty so we can receive copies of their financial statements .
I wanted to forward you directions to my house for dinner this Saturday . Alicia left me a voicemail and also suggested you bring your friend Kimberly . Please feel free to do so , the more , the merrier ! I hope you will be able to make it . Everyone has responded yes , except John Hagood .
They should be approved today . They were on last night's list .
Good letter !
We'll have to wait til Mark Greenberg gets in tomorrow .
As long as we're all talking about vacations , I'm going to get mine on the board early . I would like to take the week of July 16-July 20 off .
Breakfast at 10:00 sounds great ! Wherever you want to go...also , I need to get my bike back from you , I might be doing some biking . I've been thinking about you . Hope all is going well .
Please call Carol . How about the Buffalo Grille , or is that too busy ?
Do I need to do anything ?
Per the attached memo from Mary Cook , an attorney in the Swap Group , and our meeting with members of Global Counterparty where we discussed problems with utilities of cities not being clearly identified , may I suggest the we rename GPP 98029 , Norwich Public Utilities , something like , The City of Norwich , Connecticut?(which state?) , by and through its Public Utilities Department . ( The city utilities are at the bottom of the list. ) Stephanie , we will also need them to resubmit their PA . Cheryl , we may need to confirm how we want to set this counterparty up before Stephanie send out the PA . Cordially , Mary Cook Enron North America Corp . 1400 Smith , 38th Floor , Legal Houston , Texas 77002-7361
Lucinda will be joining us . I havent heard back from Holly . Maybe you might want to give her a call too . I'm sure she's a little stressed out right now ! Maybe you could bring my bike & helmet when you come .
Let's just keep it at 10 so we don't have to re-coordinate things .
I don't have Holly's email address , I always call her .
Another request for the EnronOnline Team . Any conflicts ?
Attached is "Annex B.doc" which we use to prepare Annex B which contains the credit provisions we attach to a Confirmation when such is requested for omnibus financial confirmations . About mid-way through the US Annex B is about 4 selections of collateral annexes depending on whether the credit is one-way or two-way and whether the collateral requested is letters of credit only or letters of credit and cash . Following that is form of letter of credit . We have an Annex B form for US counterparties and Canadian counterparties . I have attached both . The law in Canada currently does not favor taking cash in Canada and WE DO NOT TAKE CASH ( this obviously is quite problematic for us!) . Our current advice from Canadian counsel is that Cash must be perfected in a way similar to filing a UCC . The Canadian and US lawyers are re-reviewing this situation and I will let you know when/if this advice changes .
No problema ! Will attend
either day ok with me .
Yes , I Fedexed it out for signature on Friday .
I cannot approve any more old counterparties until Frank gets me that list show show what the counterparties said they wanted to trade when they sent in their password application .
Is there supposed to be something attached ?
Federal Expressed!! !
Can you handle this . I have no ideal what they're talking about .
If you are looking for a copy of an ISDA Master Agreement with Exxon , there is none . If you are looking for a physical power master you need to contact Rhonda Denton . I have access to financial trading agreements only .
Shouldn't these forms be placed in the atty.fms bank so all members of the swap team can get access to them.. .
Engage Energy Canada is an Alberta corporation .
I was a little concerned when I got this email and I discussed it with MarkTaylor and I just want to confirm with you , that you are responsible for anchanges to resolutions for UK online corporations and we are responsible foUS online corporations . No changes should be made to the EnronOnline , LLC or Enron Net Works Board Resolutions without going through me or Mark . I checked the EnronOnline minute books in the vault and unless I am plainmissing it I have not prepared and see no resolutions appointing Lara McKinney or Arfan as Agents and Attorneys-in-Fact to execute Password Applications ( which is the only authority we would give them , not generalsigning authority for any other documents) . I need to confirm whether youhave prepared any resolutions granting Lara & Arfan signing authority and iyou have I need to get copies faxed to me . Of course , I only care about Enron Online , the other two companies fall under your jurisdiction .
My pleasure !
Cheryl , Do you have their titles ? Only a VP or above can sign documents .
I need to approve , I'll approve today .
Re: Pacific Forest Resources Unless this is another company or they have changed their name subsequent to the execution of the ISDA Master in 1998 , we have an ISDA Master in place with this counterparty and have a copy of their Articles of Incorporation in the file , and there is no "Inc." at the end of this company's name . If you would like me to send you a company of the company's Articles of Incorporation I will be happy to do so .
Sure , just use me as as reference for getting a job . Let me know when you come into town .
It's on its way !
Can I expect any kind of payback from my contractor for giving him such a high rating ?
Louis , I went to fill in all that stuff , but they want to much personal information ( like my address and phone number which I don't like to give out ) and they won't accept the referral without it .
No , I have not received the fully executed document yet from Steve .
Sara , there is no paralegal yet working this deal . It is an old Susan Flyndeal and no credit has been received . Unless you appoint a paralegal to handle this I expect I will still be the paralegal that gets the snotty emails and phone calls from Jen and from Rich Lassander . Sara Shackleton Boyd/NA/Enron@Enron , Stephanie Panus/NA/Enron@Enron , Marie cc: Subject: Re: Nova Scotia Power I'm not sure who is handling . Tanya is supposed to prepare credit .
I do not agree and I am discussing this with Justin Boyd in London before I ( or Justin ) responds to this Counterparty . Joe , can you take a look at their EOL trades and see if there is any particular reason why their trades might be taking more than 24 hours to get a confirmation out ? Thanks .
Justin , Per the email below , before we respond to Glencore we just wanted to make sure that you haven't made any agreements with Glencore with respect to choice of law for the online trades that would subject them to UK law . I don't want to talk to them without checking with you first since this is one of the true counterparties that we are trading with on both sides of the Atlantic . By the way , I heard you had some really good news . I'm so happy for you !
Thanks for the email . Looks like we're not bad in getting their confirms out . After I hear from Justin I'll give them a call , hopefully tomorrow .
This counterparty is a public corporation and a political subdivision of the State of Nebraska ( a governmental entity) . Sorry it took so long , I had to search the web and I just now had time .
Just something I noted as I got in to approve Edison Mission . West power was also in the queue for approval . We had previously had them approved for all power , and Credit had shut them down for power because Credit has been worried about their financial condition ala PG&E , but now is willing to open them up for all power . I thought it was OK to open them up for all power since we had them open for all power before , but I just wanted to run it by you just in case.. .
Thanks Justy , maybe you can just fax me a copy of your PA or ETA , so I can have a copy of the document when I speak to them . My fax no . is 713/646-3490 . Thanks !
No ISDA for Mitsui Corp . Below is the link which should enable you view access to the Financial Trading Agreement Database . You can forward this email with the link to any member of your team and they will then have the link which will get them access to the database . Link -->
Nothing for me .
You are the best !
No problem .
I told Paul Radous , the Credit guy that you had already said that these guys could not trade physical power because they do not have a power marketing license . It perhaps might be possible for them to purchase US power only . If they want to enter into power transactions he is going to need to get you a name and phone number of someone at Engage that you can talk to to get evidence of their power marketing license .
Sorry , it was on the slow boat , in interroffice mail back from Steve , I just got it . I'll fax a copy back to the company today and follow with an original by fedex this everning .
Do we have an NDA for The Chase Manhattan Bank . I kinda bet we do , but I kinda but we don't with respect to EnronOnline business.. .
As you requested , attached please find a copy of the referenced NDA .
Per our conversation , it appears that the two companies are going to merge in October ? Looking at Lotus Notes , I don't think we could pick two bigger dogs of masters to have in place . I don't think we want either master to be the survivor master . With Chase we have an old 1987 Interest Rate and Currency Exchange Agreement and with Morgan we have a Master Energy Price Swap Agreement . Yuk , yuk . If I had my druthers I say , LET'S START OVER . I know it's far reaching , but maybe we could make it our goal to have this master replaced by October . Do you think that's do-able ? Do we have a contact at Chase/Morgan we can start dealing with ? I'm going to add chase to the Legal/Credit list just as a tickler for us to get this thing rolling .
Why did we change the name for the Board of Municipal Utilities of Sikeston , Mo. ? That is the way the counterparty's financial statement reads as well as how the name is set up on their website ? I also spoke to their lawyer and he said that is how they transact .
Steve , I am Mark's paralegal . Why don't you go ahead and fax that agreement to me at ( 713 ) 646-3490 and it will get the agreement signed and faxed it back to you . What is your fax number ? Speedy Gonzalez retains his title !
I feel your stock rising already !
Whilst speaking to Koch about the Koch Hydrocarbons/Industries trades , they asked if they could get ISDA Masters in place with two other Koch entities we are currently trading with . The two companies are: Koch Petroleum Group L.P. , Credit Contact at Koch is Arnold Lenz at ( 316 ) Koch Refining International Pte Ltd . a Singapore company , Credit Contact is in Singapore and can be reached at 65 835 20 27 ( I don't know if Houston Credit or London Credit wants to handle this , I looked in the Master Swap Agreement database and I noticed that London sent them a draft in 1999) . The Legal contact at Koch is in my database . It is a paralegal there , Pam
Link -->
Does this apply to us too ?
Can you please confirms NDAs for the two companies below . Much thanks !
Thanks , as usual !
I am going to need his address since the front of the ISDA is a pre-printed form and I can't email it .
Debbie Brackett and I met this week and reviewed the various Koch Hydrocarbon Company Divisions and have developed the following game plan to resolve the division issue with respect to this counterparty: The following entities exist in GCP: 1 . Koch Hydrocarbon Co . ( GCP #36680): We would like this entity to remain OPEN and to be renamed "Koch Industries , Inc. , acting through its Koch Hydrocarbon Company Division" . 2 . Koch Hydrocarbon Company ( GCP #57853): We would like all future trading with this entity SUSPENDED . There appears to be one trade under this entity and this trade should me moved to GCP 36680 . 3 . Koch Hydrocarbons Inc . ( GCP #26197): We would like all future trading with this entity SUSPENDED . There appear to be no trades under this entity . With respect to the current financial trading being done by Koch Industries , Inc . ( GCP #126 ) ( not under a master agreement) , I spoke to the Legal Department at Koch and we will be entering into a side letter agreement with Koch that will put all financial trades done by Koch Industries , Inc . under the existing ISDA Master Agreement we have with Koch Industries , Inc . acting through its Koch Hydrocarbon Company Division . I will let you all know when such side letter agreement has been executed . As soon as GCP #36680 has been renamed we can re-submit them to EnronOnline and open them up for trading .
I have submitted the security requests to get the three of you access to the "Other Agreements" subdirectory of the Financial Agreement Database . That approval usually takes about a day , as soon as it comes through I'll let you know . You will of course , still need to solve how to get into the directory with Mike Neves . Let me know when you can get in .
Does this work for you ? Is this where you want us to send copies of our signed documents and original guarantees ?
Any NDAs for referenced company ?
OK by me .
This looks OK to me . Can we please change the subject to read: PLEASE REAMark Taylor ( Vice President and General Counsel)@ENRON Sent by: Enron Messaging Administration@ENRON To: Taffy Milligan/HOU/ECT@ECT Subject: DRAFT- Enron North America Corp . NYMEX Hedge Exemption ApplGood morning Ms . Milligan , Please review and submit approval to Enron Messaging Administration . Thenote will be sent this evening to the NYMEX Hedge Exemption List ( this listincludes: All Enron Houston , Everyone_in_ECT Calgary , Everyone_in_ECT_Portland , Everyone_in_ECT New York and We are trying to get approval to send the message out ASAP as requested; until approval is received , the message is scheduled to be distributed thisevening . Have a nice day , Gary Sta . Maria Enron Messaging Administration
No , I don't ever believe we got this executed . Maybe we need to chat.. .
I don't think it should go on the list so traders don't make a mistake and trade under it . Is that what you usually do Susan ?
All three of your access has been approved . Now you just have to figure out how to get into the system .
Any NDAs for the referenced company . As usual , it's for EOL business.. .
Please return our original copy of the agreement to me along with the copy of the cover letter evidencing that you sent the copy to Dynegy . Thanks .
No , please send to me and I will handle .
This has been sent down to Phillippe Bibi for signature . I have not received the signed copy back from Phillippe yet . OK for me . OK for me .
What company are you with ? To: "Mark Taylor ( Vice President and General Counsel)@ENRON" Subject: RE: PLEASE READ Mark , Here at Enron Global E&P I have polled my CEO , Jeff Sherrick , and my CFO/CAHoward Selzer , and neither they nor I have anything to report . Am I supposed to poll everyone in the business unit -- 50 people in Houstonand 250 overseas ? Stephen .
OK w/me .
Nope . Gosh , the suspense nearly killed me!! !
Company policy ( and corporate organizational documents ) dictates that ALLcontracts may only be executed by an officer at the Vice President level orabove . I checked the Corporate Secretary's Records and they indicate thatneither Beth Perlman nor Richard Burchfield meet such requirements for EnroNet Works . Mark Greenberg directed me to get the agreement executed by Phillippe Bibi . Other officers we frequently get Networks agreements executed by are David Berberian , Managing Director , Greg Piper , Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer , Rex Shelby , Managing Director , or AndZipper , Vice President . If it relates to Commodity Logic , we can go to TomGros , Vice President . Feel free to approach any of this slate of officers to get your documents executed . cc: Corinna Bolender/ENRON@enronXgate , Mark Greenberg/NA/Enron@ENRON , John Hi , Tana . I,d prefer to work this at a lower level if possible . Could we get either Richard Burchfield or Beth Perlman to sign the MOU ? Bob Ward Manager , IT ext . 54409
A little forward movement trying to get the Global Counterparty not to set up counterparties under division or trade names . If the counterparties insist on doing so , we have been trying to get them to add the legal name as part of the counterparty's name in GCP . For non-swap team members , you may want to forward this email on to your groups as well .
Nope .
I have a call into the EOL team about this one . I've tried to approve but no products will come into the queue .
Beth Perlman , who IS a VP of Enron Corp .
One note . We are currently negotiating some credit amendments to this agreement . cc: Subject: Enron Canada isda with Transalta Hi Tana , The executed ISDA list says that we,ve got one b/t Enron Canada and Transalta . Can I get a copy of the docs faxed to me asap? ? Thanks a lot , Enron Global Markets 520 Madison Avenue New York , NY 10022 Tel: 212.715.5283 Fax: 212.715.5608
My emphasis on IS was just that she IS a VP of Enron Corp. , not Enron NetWorks ( which we found out yesterday she was not an officer of) . cc: Mark Greenberg/NA/Enron@ENRON I know Beth Perlman is a VP of Enron Corp . )  that,s why I suggested she sign the MOU instead of Philippe in my email to you yesterday . I don,t understand your emphasis on the word &is8 . Bob Ward Manager , IT - Development ext . 54409
You should have read access to our Financial Trading Agreements database which should allow you ( since you are in legal and can view the confidentiacomments section ) access to the comments . We are reducing counterparty'sthreshold . Take a look , and see if you can see comments now . cc: Subject: RE: Enron Canada isda with Transalta Which way ? Enron Global Markets 520 Madison Avenue New York , NY 10022 Tel: 212.715.5283 Fax: 212.715.5608
Yes , call Mike Neves at x33363 . cc: Subject: RE: Enron Canada isda with Transalta I can,t get in . I need IT to look at it . Do you know the name of the IT guy in Houston that I can call ? thanks Enron Global Markets 520 Madison Avenue New York , NY 10022 Tel: 212.715.5283 Fax: 212.715.5608
No , I think this one is for you.. .
Per our earlier discussions , I am attaching the language we would like added to the definition of Index in the long descriptions for all US physical and financial pulp , paper and lumber products . If you have any questions , please give Mark or me a call . Justin , as an FYI , is this something you might want to add to your European products as well ?
Thank you for your kind words about our country and our people . The horrific nature of this brutal crime still smolders in the ashes of the World Trade Center and yet the sight of Palestinians dancing in the streets or reading in Saturday's paper the stunning words from the Greeks of all people that we had somehow brought this upon ourselves . Their country would be marching to the strains of "Heil Hitler" if we had not brought our military and economic might in to save Europe from its despots . I am proud to be an American... !
Anne , Mark Greenberg will not be in the office for the next two days . Will you have time to look at this ? Thanks !
John wanted legal advice today , so I passed this email on to Anne Koehler for handling .
Per my conversations with Brandon , I am enclosing a clean and blacklined draft of the NDA revised to reflect changes in connection with your prior confidential discussions with the counterparty . This form should be transmitted to the counterparty .
Done .
Done .
I spoke to Norma at your store yesterday , and she said to send you an email to reserve a table . I am with the Enron Legal Dept . and we would like to reserve a table for happy hour on Friday at 6:00 pm for 10 people . We would like to have both wine and h'ors d'oeuvres . If you need additional information , or if there are any problems , please call me at 713/853-3399 .
Any conflicts ?
With today being Leslie's day off , do you have any problems with these counterparties extending their tenor to 51 months ? This is a rush so I need to get them approved tonight .
OK for Legal .
You are the woman !
We have two additional NDA's in addition to the Live Capital one . Any conflicts ?
I'll approve this on today's approvals
Per my conversations earlier this week with Stephanie Sever and Wendi LeBrocq , I have sent down the Amendment to the Electronic Trading Agreement and the three Password Applications necessary get the following three entities set up to start trading on EnronOnline . Per my conversation with Stephanie and Wendi , the counterparty would like the counterparty to start trading on EOL by tomorrow . The three entities are: 1 . Ameren Energy Fuels and Services Company , as authorized agent for and on behalf of Union Electric Company ( d/b/a Ameren UE ) 2 . Ameren Energy Fuels and Services Company , as authorized agenf for and on behalf of Ameren Generating Company 3 . Ameren Energy Fuels and Services Company , as authorized agenf for and on behalf of Central Illinois Public Services Co . ( d/b/a AmerenCIPS ) What if anything do we need to to to ensure that they can start trading by tomorrow . The counterparty is calling me daily checking on this ? Can you please let me know ?
As you requested , I am enclosing a revised Mutual form of Non-Disclosure Agreement . As I stated in my earlier email , if you have any comments or questions , please call me at ( 713 ) 853-3399 , or Anne Koehler , Senior Counsel at ( 713 ) 853-3448 .
Janet , Unfortunately , the confidentiality provisions contained in this agreement do not allow us to provide copies of the agreement to affiliates . We will need the permission of Merita before I can provide a copy to you .
I need to know who you are talking to at Merita Bank .
No , I don't need one , but thanks for hunting that down !
No executed NDA received .
Who is Kevin Meredith ? I only review counterparty lists I receive from Credit .
Per my note below , please fax the agreement to me at the fax number below , and I will have it executed by an officer at Enron and return it to you via fax . If you would prefer to have originals executed , please send two executed originals to me , Tana Jones at 1400 Smith Street , 38th Floor , Houston , Texas 77002 . I look forward to receiving the document .
Your comments with respect to the Non-Disclosure Agreement have been forwarded on to me by Brandon Wax . After reviewing them , we have agreed to most of your comments . We have agreed to delete the arbitration provision but have retained the limitation of damages . Further , it is Enron corporate policy that the confidential information shall be limited to a term two years so we are unable to delete the final paragraph . Please call me at ( 713 ) 853-3399 or Mark Greenberg , Senior Counsel at ( 713 ) 345-8897 or email us and let us know if these changes meet with your approval .
Sheila Tweed , the lawyer for this turbine product , has approved all of the counterparties on the attached list to trade this product , EXCEPT The City of Tacoma , Dept . of Public Utilities . Let me know if you need anything further from me .
As you requested.. .
NDA for CheMatch , any conflicts ?
I think the easies way to get me the approval is for your contact to go talk to the contact at Merita we negotiated the ISDA with and have them send me an email or fax telling me it is OK to release the ISDA to you . The woman at Merita we negotiated with was Paivi Saarnilahti and her phone number is 358 9 1655 9258 .
Just a note.. . I have not gotten that ISDA Master out yet because there are some things in the credit worksheet that don't jive with the credit terms in the current master as well as credit terms generally consistent on this side of the Atlantic . I have asked Jay Williams in our Credit Dept . here to get with the credit person there in London who worked up the credit worksheet to clear up the credit terms . I have drafted the ISDA with everything except making the credit choices so it sits there waiting for credit . Just wanted to keep you updated.. .
OK for me .
Tom , With respect to this NDA , do you want us to send it directly to Deloitte , or do you want to send it to them ? If you would like us to send it to them I am going to need an email address.. . Let me know what you prefer.. .
No , the last note I have is proving the revised NDA for you to send to them . No word since then .
You should now have access to the Financial Trading Agreement Database .
Today .
As you requested:
Ran it by Leslie , OK for us !
Thanks for the kind word !
At the request of Anne Koehler , I am transmitting the final draft of the referenced Guaranty .
I am sorry , but I checked with the lawyer , and we are going to need that executed Agreement and we are going to need it as fast as you can track it down...sorry to keep being such a pest !
Any conflicts ?
As you requested , attached is the form of NDA for transmittal to your customer:
Anytime !
No time off .
I'll take care of this.. .
Janet , Would you like me to fax it to you ? If so , what is your fax no ?
Janet , I also thought it would save you alot of time if you are going to draft a document if you had the word version , so I am attaching it .
I am going away to the beach today so I am going to leave a little early today , at 2:00 pm .
We deserve it !
I cannot approve the referenced counterparty as agent for those three utilities until it comes thru on an overnight spreadsheet for approval from Credit . I need to give my whole legal team around the world the opportunity to say "yea" or "nay" for legal issues with these counterparties . So , I am waiting on Credit.. .
ALL of the swap form are now back in the attorney forms bank !
Any conflicts ?
Anne Koehler & I had a quick call w/Doug Glass . Thanks for his name . We are going to include arbitration , though the ICC rules not our standard AAA ( since we don't have the "Paris" language) . And NY law . Otherwise , I'm just waiting on your FCPA language . I also heard back from Justy . Thanks for your help . I really appreciate it !
Justy , thanks for your quick response . I heard back from Edmund too , and he gave me the name of a V&E lawyer he has used in London for Russian law and Anne Koehler and I gave him a quick call . Doug Glass . So we switched it to NY law and ICC arbitration rules and are giving it a go . Thanks for your help ! I can't believe our business guy call 2 hours before a lunch meeting with a Russian company and think it's business as usual !
I just spoke to Stephanie Sever with the EOL team , and she said this counterparty has been approved and should migrate tonight and they will send them a password out tomorrow .
I just agreed to the changes on the phone with Bob Klein and am going to finalize the agreement and fax it to him tomorrow and then follow-up with originals .
Are you having our copy walked up to me ?
I know the online team is looking for people with paralegal experience . Your contact would be Lisa Lees . Lunch some other time ? Thursday or Friday ? I already have plans today and tomorrow.. .
I'll put you down too !
Done . I was waiting for the EOL team to get in a new Password Application and no one told me they got it in . I just went in and approved them .
Per our conversation last week , please ensure that Mark Taylor and I are your initial point of contact with respect to compliance with and/or violations by Enron North America Corp . with respect to NYMEX position limits . Please fax Mark Taylor a copy of any correspondence with respect to our position limits . Your assistance with this will help us monitor and maintain Enron's compliance with NYMEX rules . In addition , if you are able to give us a call when you see an issue ahead , we may well be able to resolve it before it becomes a problem . As you requested , below is the contact information for Mark and myself: Mark E . Taylor Vice President and General Counsel email: mark.taylor@enron.com Sr . Legal Specialist email: tana.jones@enron.com
At the request of Anne Koehler , I am attaching our word version of the ISDA Schedule and Paragraph 13 . Please call me at ( 713 ) 853-3399 if I can be of further service .
What is the nature of the business you are discussing ? Also , do you want me to send this by email ? If so , I will need thir email address .
Please remember that once a master has been executed the status SHOULD NEVER be changed from its "executed" status . To accomodate the master upgrades and master netting agreements I have added additional selections to the status bar , so you now have the following selections to choose within the "executed" status bar: 1 . "executed" 2 . "executed-under amendment" - to be used when we are amending a master 3 . "executed-inactive" - to be used when a master is executed but we are no longer trading under it 4 . "executed-master upgrade" - to be used when we are doing an ISDA replacement master or replacing one master with another master 5 . "executed-master netting agreement" - to be used when we have a master in place and we are upgrading it to add a master netting agreement Thanks for your attention herewith .
Any conflicts ?
Brandon , I need the full legal name & address of this company . Thanks.. .
Any conflicts ?
Another NDA . The correct legal name of this entity is Foundry Networks , Inc .
He's already signed for our side . We're done .
There is a meeting of the Name/Change Merger Group Meeting on Monday at 1:00 pm in 49c4 to talk about timing of suspensions . I don't know what , if any , relevance this will have for us , but since you do the name changes/mergers , I thought you might need to attend . I wanted to forward you the email , but once I clicked yes , I will attend , it went away .
Xavier , what group are you in ?
NDA for COMYSY Information Technology Services , Inc .
This counterparty was on the 8/15/01 list and wanted to trade east power . You wre checking on their ability to trade power . Any update ?
Both I and Stephanie Panus plan on attending .
I got a call today from Sterling Cook at Trans Alta in Calgary telling me that they merged with MEGA . I'm passing this on to you for handling . Sterling's ph: is 403/267-6991 . I also asked him to give us the phone number of their credit person so our credit person could talk to their credit person . He mentioned sending us an amendment changing guaranties and thresholds , and I told him we would have to get that approved by Credit .
Here is the guaranty from Trans Alta .
Thanks for the email . I just got out of an all morning meeting . I had already drafted the agreement for APB Europe . I'll redraft it as directed .
It sounds like we may not need to follow up with this counterparty . Any dealmaker interested in business with them ? If not , I think we should just inactivate them .
OK for me .
I spoke to Mark Taylor and we would like Dave removed from this corporation as well . We can date this revocation effective as of 10/1/01 as well . We really appreciate your help with these resolutions . I am circulating the EPMI resolution and will forward it to you as soon as it is fully executed .
Jay , I had a conversation with Belco prior to the receipt of the documents Stephanie forwarded on down to you . I think before we make any response in the nature of what you are discussing below I think we might want to have a meeting or get Fred involved because that is not what Belco has in mind at all . Although I understand from Enron Credit's point of view Belco is not longer in the drivers seat with respect to the Belco/Westport relationship , I think we still need to tread gingerly with how we deal with Belco or Ken Lay might be getting a phone call from Mr . Belfer ( and I don't want my name to be brought up in that conversation!) . When you get back in the office let's pow-wow about how to approach this .
We are waiting for Mark Greenberg to finalize the negotiations on the amendment to the online ETA for DB . We would like to shut down BT from all financial trading . However , what we found was that DB will not execute the online ETA without some revisions . Mark is negotiating an amendment to the ETA with DB . Meanwhile , BT had already been trading online . Since that cat was already out of the bag so to speak , DB didn't want to shut them down from trading without having another avenue to trade , so we are continuing to trade as BT . We do not want to do this FOREVER , HOWEVER , so we do need to get BT SHUT DOWN . HOW GOES IT MARK??? ?
tom , All of this relates to a broker Bob Shults wants to open up to trade on EOL . When you have a minute can you give me or Mark a call so we can sort out who we want to trade with . Thanks .
Another NDA . This one is for the New York Mercantile Exchange .
Attached please find the NDA for transmittal to Bo Collins .
We will also be getting these Mid-Market EIM Group Customer Lists on a going forward basis . I spoke to Credit and for right now we will only be approving these counterparties to trade physical steel . As with the regular online trading lists , IF I DO NOT HEAR FROM YOU WITHIN ONE DAY , I will take it that you do not have any legal issues with the counterparties below trading .
Know anything about these deals ?
Any conflicts ?
OK for you ?
How can we find out who has a clue ?
Nothing to report
Not unless it's critical . All the attorneys are out at an offsite today . Can this wait til Monday or is this critical ?
I will get them done today .
I will get them done today .
Can you change on my calendar . Thanks !
This counterparty has transact ability on European and Asian Metals . They have hardly transacted at all , only power , much less any metals . We figure they are using the website for price discovery . If I do not hear back from you within 24 hours whether London Legal has done any due diligence on this counterparty's authority to transact metals , it is my intention to shut them down for all metals products .
Per Stephanie's request , attached is an updated list .
I have reviewed the binder of confirms and have prepared a list of the missing or unexecuted confirms . Kim . if you could please review this short list and provide me copies of the missing confirms and/or if we have received copies of any of the unexecuted confirms since you provided these confirms to me I would be most appreciative .
This counterparty has been updated .
Pretty funny ! If we could only do it for real !
I got a call from my buddy Mike Mulligan with Paribas in NY last night asking me to see if I can't check with you on the status of the guaranty he is trying to get in place with Enron Metals Limited . He says he has been trying to get this in place with London for some time . Is there some particular problem holding up this guaranty ? Is there anthing I can do to faciliate getting this guaranty to Paribas ? Please let me know.. .
I just had a voice mail from "Christine" at National Bank of Canada wanting to make a margin call and not knowing who here to call . Can someone please call her . Her number is 514/394-7567 . Thanks .
OK for me .
Any conflicts ?
Erica , Is 2Advance Studios their correct legal legal name ? Is there an Inc . or Corp . or anything there tacked on the end ?
If we have not located any dealmaker interested in this counterparty can we close out this counterparty and get it out of the work cue ?
Per our discussion , attached is the referenced NDA for transmittal to counterparty .
We also have lots of agreements between internal counterparties . I also owe you more comments...I haven't forgotten.. .
Does anyone in Credit know the answer to this question , as I don't ?
I also got an email back from Bill Bradford , head of Credit that siad this doesn't make sense . Maybe you need to prepare a print out of the trades and send to debbie , me & bill .
There has been a little confusion about how this Counterparty wishes to be set up on EnronOnline , and after talking to the Counterparty , Darren Vanek in Credit , and Mary Cook we have come to the following agreement: The counterparty will be ( and I think already may be? ) set up in the GCP System as Vector Pipeline , LP I told the Counterparty that special Confirmation Templates would be prepared for this Counterparty and the signature line should be prepared as follows: Vector Pipeline , LP , by its Managing General Partner , Vector Pipeline , LLC By: _____________________ Name: __________________ Title: ____________________ This form of signature block should be used for all EnronOnline and any offline trades for counterparty as well . The Password Application has been executed by the Counterparty correctly so there is no need to have him re-apply .
Patrick , Can we track down who/how these trades are getting entered into the system ? Is there someone entering the trades into the system ? Is this just an old counterparty/book set up in GCP that needs to get renamed . Legal ( me ) has no idea why trades are being done out of EGM . Can we find out who is doing them ?
This cpy was on the 10/5/01 list with a note "replacing profile for BP Exploration & Oil Inc." We've got a few issues here . First , we just can replace profiles . If it is a simple a a name change or some mergers , maybe . Is this ? If it's not , we may have to assign the trades over . I know I've got a financial master with BP Exploration & Oil Inc . I just can't move the profile . What's the scoop here ? I have no records of a name change/merger here , do you ?
On 10/17/01 List , is this an ECP ?
This was a good one , not a joke one .
That was good Kyle . I have a few of the better bin Laden joke ones I'll forward on to you.. .
Here's one of the two humorous things . I've been getting a lot of this bin Laden humor stuff , but these two are my favorites so far .
Here's the other.. .
This one isn't funny , but it's good.. .
John , that was great !
Re: Experian we need: 1 . Full Legal Name and Address 2 . Mark wants a more exact description of the nature of your discussions 3 . An email address so we can send it directly to counterparty
Any conflicts ?
This counterparty was approved by Legal on Friday .
The actual name of the counterparty on this one is Virtual Markets Assurance Corporation .
OK for me .
De nada.. .
Just an FYI , my notes in my database reflect that Tri-State Generation is a Colorado Cooperative.. .
OK for me .
She needs to get a copy from London , I would suggest contacting Matt Dawson . We do not have copies of London's masters .
They are settled , but not executed . We have sent the ETA amendment out to the DB lawyer for signature , but we have not gotten it back signed . I'll give here a call .
Do any of you have any problems with keeping these trades as they are now that we've figured out what they are . If not we'll just keep them as they were.. .
I would try Tom Moran x33017 .
Attached is additional correspondence from TransAlta re: the merger and guaranty info I sent you on 10/5/01 . Can you please contact TransAlta and let them know you will be handling this . Thanks .
FYI , this came in and has been passed on to Stephanie Panus for handling .
It was a pleasure having you as a houseguest ! Anytime.. . The current issue of Texas Monthly is only the beginning...right after we announced our current earnings last week , The Wall Street Journal originated a story about a partnership our CFO invested in that made questionable statements about conflicts of interests with the shareholders , non-disclosure of profits , etc. , and have kept up with this story since last week , we have had shareholder lawsuits , SEC inquiries , our stock has taken a dive down to $15 today , down from $33 when the story first ran , and $87 since the beginning of the year . Right now it is beat up Enron time with no end in sight . Anyway , you may to check the WSJ website and catch up.. . Also , I have a new boyfriend , my old biking buddy I mentioned we've been dating now for a few months , that seems to be going well . So that's all my news.. .
FYI
Do you have copies of any of the following NDAs ? At the Moment True Exchange
You've want Puget Sound for approval to trade east physical power on above list , but Leslie Hansen will not approve per note below .
Mark , Mark Greenberg asked me to check with you to see if Enron Corp . ever got Confidentiality Agreements in place with either True Exchange or BizBots ? Can you please let me know . Thanks !
Can you let me know whether Enron Corp . has any Confidentiality Agreements with the counterparties below . Thanks !
We have received Articles of Merger from the referenced counterparty evidencing the merger of BP Exploration & Oil Inc . with and into Amoco Oil Company , with the surviving entity being Amoco Oil Company , which shall continue under the name of BP Products North America Inc. , such merger being effective 10/11/01 . Copies are being sent to the usual Houston distribution . I am sending a copy of this email to London Credit and Legal because I understand ECTRIC has done some financial trades with BP Exploration & Oil Inc . Houston Legal is awaiting Houston Credit's approval of the merger and its impact on our ISDA Master and underlying credit .
We appreciate all Credit does for us !
Nope , thanks !
Attached is the proposed form of NDA for your approval .
Kay , We will be getting this NDA in place for Williams , we are not exactly sure yet which of the Williams companies it will be for .
P.S . The Mahonia ISDA Paragraph 13 to the Credit Support Annex is attached to the Confirm .
We have now received a new Password Application and ETA amendment for the referenced counterparty . As of the close of business today , we have shut down Bankers Trust Company for EOL trading . All EOL trading should now be done through the referenced entity . Enron has executed a Novation Agreement which is currently at Deutsche Bank for execution . Per DB , we should receive the executed copy back from them on Monday . Upon receipt of this Novation Agreement , all of the current Bankers Trust financial trades will be moved under the existing ISDA Master Agreement between Deutsche Bank AG and Enron North America Inc . dated 12/29/00 . Global Counterparty: Please ensure that the ISDA Master referenced above is attached to this counterparty in EOL . Confirmation Desk: Please ensure that all EOL financial confirmations show this counterparty as "Deutsche Bank AG , acting through its New York Branch" MUCH THANKS!! !
Thanks for your help !
Thanks for your help Kate !
I just got handed another list.. . Can I get the datasheets for the following companies: Enron Global Markets LLC Enron Liquids Fuels , Inc . Enron Fuels Caribbean L.P . Enron Petrochemicals Company Enron Gas Liquids , Inc . Enron Clean Fuels Company Enron Reserve Acquisition Corp . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Singapore Pte Ltd Enron Capital & Trade Global Resources Corp . Enron Capital & Trade International Corp . Enron Capital & Trade International Corp . - Singapore Branch Thanks !
Thanks for your help , I really appreciate it !
I was out for a Dr's appt Oct . 23rd for 2 hours and Oct 19 4 hours .
This will get you access to Livelink
Here's set of any master agreements I need ASAP . I didn't mention it on the earlier ones , but for all of these , if any of the agreements have been amended , I will need any amendments , as well as any guarantees . Much thanks !
No , only executed amendments .
Sharon , BP prepared a list of all the agreements they thought we had in place . You might want to do a quick check and make sure that you are not missing any Canadian contracts they might have listed on this list . THANKS FOR YOUR QUICK RESPONSE !
Please handle . Much thanks .
Yes , everything .
Sharon , did one of the Canadian lawyers look at the list for the things you could not identify ?
Larry , Can you send me the aricles and bylaws for another company , Enron Transportation Services . Much thanks , for ALL your help !
You are the best !
It sounds ok to me .
Sheri , This project is very important to me . However , I am pulled on a very important project for the next several weeks and won't be able to look at this at all . I expect I am really the only one who will be giving you sustantive input . As well , I have other design modifications we will need to incorporate . I just wanted to give you a head's up because you are going to get ahead of me here for awhile .
Can you take a look at all the Canadian Agreements listed on this list provided to us by BP and verify whether these agreements exist in Canada ?
You ( as usual ) are the best !
Mary Cook wanted me to send you an email to make sure if you are sending the Master Netting Agreement out to counterparties that you delete the last page of the agreement , which contains the user notes .
Teresa , By copy of this email , I am asking Stephanie Panus , another Paralegal in our group , to handle this for you as I am on working on a special project this week . Stephanie , per Teresa's voicemail , Cinergy is very interested in getting a financial master in place to trade with us ASAP . Can you please give their attorney a call . Teresa , you forgot Mr . Gollomp's phone number .
Thanks Sam , you're the best !
Bob Shults is Asking about that amendment to the Amerex Fee Agreement . Can you help him.. .
I would like to attend . God knows if Harry can/will come . We'll see . I did 12 ( slow ) miles last weekend.. .
Running 12 miles was no problem . Harry & I had a little "tiff" ( I hope only ) this weekend , and as usual , he's out of town , so we haven't been able to talk . So who knows ?
I think yes .
Anne also requested this . Kay young prepared and is emailing a copy to anne .
Steve asked me to send an email asking if you haven't already begun drafting your agreements yet , when you name you agreement , please indentify them by the counterparty and the products such as "Koch Energy-Gas" or "Aquila Marketing-Financing" . Thanks .
Yes they are to prepare all the UCC filings .
My pleasure . Reading all that should keep you busy for awhile !
I don't know the answer to this . Do you ?
I am still using the list . I have to circulate the list to the team from time to time .
Any idea who knows the answer to this question ?
Can you please handle . Thanks .
I wanted to let you know this was coming in as soon as Mark approves the changes . Dealing with Japan is somewhat time challenging .
Name of Company: ERMT LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Address: 1400 Smith Street , Houston , Texas 77002
Branches: only relates to those branches of a multibranch party , which under ISDA can ONLY be a bank . Restrictions: Things put in the restrictions column should be those things so critical to trading , payment/settlement or contract formation that you should not enter into a trade unless you read it . It is not a place to dump general legal negotiation stuff . Examples would be: "masters limited to natural gas or crude oil trading only" , "no payment netting between energy commodity and interest rate and currency transactions" , "no oral trades allowed" , "only the treasurer can enter to trades for the company" , "all agreements for this counterparty require two signatures" . You can do a sort on the PENDING SWAP UPDATE - EXECUTED , which will then show you all the restrictions , then scroll down and look at the type of restrictions entered into for the different companies to get a flavor for these types of restrictions . But we don't want to junk it up with general legal negotiation stuff . Just critical , DON'T TRADE UNLESS YOU LOOK AT THIS STUFF .
Has this ever come in ? Can someone please respond to Jennifer ? Thanks !
Can you please handle this for Chris . Thanks .
Sam , Thanks for taking care of this !
So far I'm on if I don't have to work . Harry and I broke up on Monday .
I need to know what group Nekesha is in .
You do not have to grant Nakesha access . She already has view only access as does any Enron employee . If you show her how to set up an icon to get into the database , she should be able to get view access to the database . All Enron employees have view access . Only employees of Legal and Credit can have edit access access . Does that help ?
We are trying to get a Master Netting Agreement in place tomorrow with various AEP companies . ECTRIC has several trading agreements in place with AEP entities . We need someone in London to verify that we are referencing the ECTRIC agreements correctly in the Master Netting Agreement . I am faxing the first two pages of the Master Netting Agreement to Edmund's attention at fax number 011-44 20-7783-8667 . Can one of you please take a look at this in the morning and verify that the information referenced in the agreement is correct since we do not have a copy of your agreements . Much thanks !
Edmund Cooper is the only person that has keyword access to add legal people , credit people , companies , or change other drop downs in the database . I have key word access on this side of the Atlantic and Edmund has it there . If you need London Credit people added that aren't listed already you need to have Edmund go add them , or the company as a new key word .
I am not aware of any changes , are you ?
Do I need to help you getting this out ?
Who was this passed on to for handling ?
I don't have any record or receiving any such assignment and I checked with the other paralegals and they don't have a record of receiving it . Can you have Mirant resend it to Samantha Boyd , as she is the paralegal handling the paralegal assignment rotation right now . Sorry about that !
I'll give him a call .
Nothing to report .
Nothing from Legal .
I faxed you the alcoa ISDA immediately after we spoke . It should be in NY right now .
Mark and I were just discussing the project yesterday . I am out for Thanksgiving vacation all next week , but when I get back the week after that we definitely want to get it back on track !
Sure thing !
Do you have a full legal name for Equiva Trading ?
Any conflicts ?
Attached please find the NDA you requested .
Attached please find a current list of the Networks , EnronOnline and CommodityLogic executed and draft Confidentiality Agreements for your review .
Attached please find the referenced lists for your review .
Sheri , I won't be back until that Thursday after Thanksgiving . You might want to re-schedule that meeting .
Please send originals to me for handling . I will give a copy to you .
It only shows a draft sent , no executed contract .
Russell , I want you to be my friend forever , after all , you are my favorite , ex-Credit person !
I just spoke to Stacey Richardson , and , with Georgi Landau gone , she said we should contact her , or Bridgette Anderson , with any Global Contracts questions for the time being .
Can you please provide me with the clean copies of the licenses Angela is referring to ? If I need to come pick them up to copy them , give me a call and I will do so . Thanks !
Is there a Canadian power GTC ?
Let me know if I can be of further help .
Attached is a list of the Termination Letters I have been able to locate so far . Tanya suggested that Bear Stearns termination is just a close-out of a NYMEX margin position and I have a call into Greg Whiting to see if that is the case . I spoke to Craig Breslau about the Pemex termination and he knows nothing about that . He said if it happened it would have gone thru his desk . What are your thoughts on that ? There appear to be two International Paper Deals . Craig Breslau got me a signed copy of the one terminating the deal for $12,163,283 . There was another International Paper deal the Confirmation Desk prepared a termination for in the amount of $1,311,164 . Craig , any knowledge of this other one ? No copy either of the executed terminations of the Proctor & Gamble deals the Confirmation Desk prepared for ( i ) deal no . Y 49018.1 for $81,083 , and ( ii ) deal no . 49011.1 for $442,000 . That just leaves the Socal-JP Morgan on Debbie's list with no copy .
We have three areas currently reserved for our bidders , what we will call Teams A , B & C . The room situation is as follows: Team A: Main Conference Room 2991 = working phone Satellite Breakout Rooms , 2992 & 2993 There are no coffee thermos's , cups , supplies or office supplies Team B: Main Conference Room 32c2 Satellite Breakout Rooms 3260 and Conference Room ( unmarked ) to the left thereof Currently no working phones in this area . There are no coffee thermos's , cups , supllies or office supplies Team C: Main Conference Room 3371 = has working phone . Satellite Breakout Room 3376 = no working phone . Has coffee thermos's & some coffee cups & supplies , needs office supplies . I just met at noon with Lance Jameson who handles , phones , faxes & furniture ( x54423 ) and he is working on getting us phones , a fax machine , a non-network printer , and at least one laptop computer portal in each Team area . After looking at the areas , Lance thought the easiest Team area to have completed FIRST would be the 29th floor area ( it seems to have the right computer/phone jacks ) WHICH HE WILL TRY TO GET COMPLETED BY THE END OF TODAY . SECOND , we will target the 32nd floor . We have a fourth area available after this for Team D: a suite of smaller offices/conference rooms also located on 29 , in 2945 , 2946 , 2947 , and around the corner in 2940 . 2946 , a smaller office has a workable phone there , Lance . We would need other phones installed there as well other the other equipment .
Weren't we also going to get a printer in the area ?
Lance , Can you have your install people mark with a yellow sticky or something where the analog lines for the PCs are located . Much thanks !
You are the best !
Travis , I looked in Mark Greenberg's office , and I did not find the agreements you were looking for , but I did find Mark's True Quote file there and in it are two executed amendments to the Price Posting Agreement . We only have a draft of the original Price Posting Agreement in his file , no signed copy .
Lance , I just spoke to Mary Cook and she would like all four areas done by the end of today . Is that doable ?
Mary Cook wants me to put together a list of people's home ph , cell no's/pagers , in case we need to call in help during the holidays . Can you provide me with your info in case we get surprised and have to set up additonal data rooms . Much thanks !
Thanks Lance !
I can't tell the fax numbers on some of the faxes and where the analog lines are . Can you meet with me ?
It appears that the fax you moved in on the 33rd floor was actively being used by Scott Tholan and his assistant on that floor ( x58889) . Can your people please move it back ASAP and find us another one . Thanks .
Any update on these faxes ? I have to get my list to Louise Kitchen today .
Lance , Did we replace the fax machine we erroneously took on the 33rd floor ?
Already done . See you tonight !
I saw you across the dining room at Luther's but you left before I got a chance to wish you a Happy New Year's . I'm sorry you're bring me such cold weather for this week . I'll have to take your class and you can explain to me how you went from lawyer to weathercaster . Happy New Years again , and let's hope this year is better than the last !
I would like to set up a tee time for 2 people any time on Sat . Nov . 4 . I am staying at the L'Auberge de Sedona resort , which is where i was given this email address . Thank You .
we will be out of town - have fun !
My login ID is tkuyken
i know stacey has softball games tonight , i could possibly meet you depending on the time . what time were you thinking ?
well. . i think thats gonna be a little late for me - although i would love to go . guess we'll just have to wing it on friday ! i might get there a little early on friday and bowl a warmup game if you wanna do that . see ya soon .
i'm going to try to get there around 6 tomorrow , see ya then
i just spoke with Ray Hammond - the trader at AEP - and he agrees with our pricing of NGI Socal Border Avg
Please give Mike Grigsby access to create products in product manager and manage products for the following product types: US Gas Phy Index Firm non-TX < or = 1 mo ( restricted ) ,  US Gas Phy Index Firm non-TX >1 mo< 1 yr(restricted) , and US Gas Phy Forward Firm non-TX < or = 1 mo ( restricted) . He is responsible for West Desk Physical Index positions and needs the ability to trade all of these products as soon as possible . Thanks .
we will chip in for the keg . let me know if it's a go .
hey melba : here is a revised list of people that we would like to have access to our restricted products: Also , can you please make sure these customers have the ability to trade on both our restricted products - the fixed price and the index products . Counterparty Name ** AEP Energy Services Inc . Arizona Public Service Company BP Energy Company BP Singapore Pte . Ltd . Burlington Resources Trading Inc . Conoco Inc . Duke Energy Trading and Marketing , L.L.C . Dynegy Marketing and Trade Dynegy Marketing and Trading Sarl e prime , inc . ** El Paso Electric Company ** El Paso Merchant Energy - Gas , LP Enron Energy Services , Inc . Nevada Power Company Nissho Iwai American Corporation Occidental Energy Marketing , Inc . ONEOK Energy Marketing and Trading Company , II PanCanadian Energy Services Inc . Phillips Petroleum Company Phillips Petroleum Company ( UK ) Limited Primagaz Trading Paris ** PG&E Energy Trading Salt River Project Agricultural Improvement and Po Shell Canada Limited Shell Trading ( US ) Company ** SG Interests I Southern California Gas Company Southern Company Energy Marketing , L.P . Southwest Gas Corporation Statoil Asia Pacific Pte Limited Texaco Natural Gas Inc . The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi , Ltd . Tokyo Electric Power Company Inc . Tristar Gas Marketing Company TXU Nordic Energy Oy United Parcel Service , Inc . Williams Energy Marketing & Trading Company
can you also add :National Fuel Marketing Company . thanks .
hey jake - we arent going to be able to make it tonight , but thanks for the invite . had fun sat night ! see ya soon .
hey - looks like feb 23 would be my preference if thats available . thanks so much . 
i still cannot see the blanco physical index restricted products on the web . my ID is ADM44643 . can you please get me access as soon as possible . thanks .
SORRY - I was out when i normally do this and i forgot about it .
Hey Melba -- We would like to create a new product with the following product name: EPNG SoCal Ehr . This product name should be used under the product type US Gas Phy . The description should contain the same language as the EPNG SoCal Topk product except the word "Ehrenberg" should be substituted every time the word "Topock" appears . We would also like to create physical index products for this trading point , but we need to change the short description of the current NGI SoCal index product to allow for the addition of the specific point name , and we would also have to change the description of the original index product as well . I left you a message to call me if you can today . Thanks .
Looks good but we need to talk about the index product because the decsription is too long as it stands now and we need to rename the current product and create a new one also
i am not in risk - can you get with anne bike and explain what you need her to do ? thanks .
we all have the same address but different work station locations - let me get them for you -- our street address is 1400 Smith here are the work locations: Tori EB3208C Randy EB3208D Patti EB3208E Kelli EB3235B Hope that helps .
Hello ,  my name is Tori Kuykendall ( One Pass BJ927934) . My husband , Patrick ( One Pass VF751282) , and I have been One Pass members for a few years now as well as elite members on several occasions . We also use Chase Continental Visa exclusively , and my husband is a President's Club member . I have made Continental my airline of choice for as long as I can remember booking my own travel arrangements and have been a very satisfied customer in the past . This morning , however , I had a very bad experience . I booked tickets for a vacation back on September 4th for a trip from Houston to New York on December 1 . Since I booked the ticket , I became pregnant and found out from my doctor last week that I will still be unable to travel on December 1st due to complications with my pregnancy . My doctor indicated to me that I may not be able to fly at all during my pregnancy , which is due to end in June . I spoke to Leroy Peterson this morning to explain the situation , and he indicated that all he could do was give me credit that would expire on September 5th , 2001 and that a $75 service would be charged to me next time I book a ticket for me or my husband . I understand that this is the same policy that you would have given me if I had just decided that I didn't feel like taking a vacation this weekend . In my opinion , this is an unacceptable policy in the event of medical complications . As you can see with my situation , it is unlikely that my husband and I will be able to plan a vacation by September of 2001 considering we will hopefully have a 2 month old child . I repeatedly asked Leroy if there was anyone else who could help me or anyone I could talk to in order to get some kind of exception to your policy . I indicated that I could provide a doctor's note if necessary . He was very rude to me , stating "You don't have to ask me 7 different times for the same thing - I already told you NO!" I had to cancel a flight for work about a month ago on Southwest airlines for the same reason , but I was hoping that I would be able to fly again by now . For your information , your competitor was very helpful . They accepted my doctor's note , gave me a credit good for one year , and will allow me to change the ticket to another person's name if I am still unable to use it . That ticket was also booked as a non-refundable fare . Although I have always used Continental for my personal travel , the treatment I have had in this difficult time has definitely made me second-guess my future choices . If there is anything you can do to help , I would greatly appreciate it .
Here is the information that you needed: My tickets were electronic and the confirmation number was NGP6MP . Thank You .
hey renata . how's everything going with you guys . i know i never respond to any emails - i usually just get too busy . sorry about that . anyway , i wanted to catch up and to let you know that pat and i are going to be parents ! i still cant believe it . i'm due in june . anyway , we moved into a new house in katy , close to my parents . ( had to be prepared) . hope everything's going great with y'all . give me an update ! take care .
hey martin - i know i havent paid for the fantasy league at all - but i am trying to figure out how much i owe - i think 3 of my transactions shouldve been free because 1 was to change kickers on the same team and 2 were to change my defense on the bye week - so , without any winnings - i think i owe $145 - can you verify ? thanks . also - can you tell me if i won anything for making the semi-finals ?
october preliminary invoice:
I have been wondering for the last couple of months if this is THE Heather Evans that I was friends with for so long . So , I am finally writing you an email . I know you don't recognize the last name , but , it's me - Tori ( Hatter) . I'd love to know what is going on in your life . I was hoping you'd make it to the reunion last year . Anyway , if you get a chance , drop me an email - let's catch up .
I'm so glad you wrote me back - sounds like you're a very busy person , but it looks like you're getting to do what you wanted to do . As for me , I got married to a great guy named Patrick that i met during our last semester at UT . We actually got set up on a blind date by Rachel Hanson . Anyway , we'll be married 6 years in June and we're expecting our first child in June . I spent a few years after college as a clothing buyer for Foley's , but I now am doing something completely different that I absolutely love . I work for Enron - big energy trading company - wasnt sure if you knew who we were . I'm trading natural gas , and it's a really fun job that's fast-paced and challenging . My hubby is an account manager for an internet company that has not yet gone public but their prospects are looking pretty good . We bought a house in Sugarland about 3.5 years ago , but we sold it in August and moved into a new house that we built in Katy . We wanted to be close to my parents and also closer to San Antonio - where Pat is from - his parents still live there . Anyway - I guess that's it in a nutshell . Oh yeah - and my address is: I hope we can keep in touch . I'm not travelling right now , but if you ever make it to Houston - I'd love to see you . Give me some more details in the next email ! Take Care and Happy Holidays ! Love , Tori
the current bid for jan-june for the west texas pool gas would be HSC-.06 . this bid should be right on the market according to what i have found . please feel free to check around if you'd like , but i will need an answer today if you want be to start pulling gas on the 4th . thanks .
Here you go ! Happy New Year !
the price on the deal was 10.30
Thanks for having the league . I'd definitely do it again next year . Here's
We would like to begin trading a new product on EOL . The location - PG&E Topock - has already been set up , but we would like to make a small change to the long description . The line which reads - "The transaction is for delivery at PG&E , El Paso." should be changed to "The transaction is for delivery at PG&E Topock" Please let me know when we can review the change , as Mike Grigsby would like to begin trading this product as soon as possible . Thanks .
thanks for your help - and , i hate to revisit this again , but can you send me a current list of the counterparties that have access to the blanco restricted product . i am still getting complaints from people who should have access , but they are telling me that they do not . thank you .
these charges are not valid - we will not pay penalties on a swing deal at a constrained point . several people on the desk discussed this potential problem , and the trader at agave has already been notified that will do not intend on paying any penalty charges . this deal was done on a gtc - spot contract , not on their firm agreement .
I have an open order that was placed on 1/2/01 , and the availablity on the item said that it would ship in 24 hours . I chose regular shipping , which should mean that it should be on its way . However , the order status still says that it hasn't shipped . How can I find out what it causing the delay ?
just got your email address from rachel . congrats on your promotion . i'm sure it's going to be alot different for you but it sounds like a great deal . my hubby and i moved out to katy a few months ago . i love it there - my parents live about 10 minutes away . new news from me - i'm having a baby - due in june . i can't even believe it myself . the thought of me being a mother is downright scary but i figure since i'm almost 30 , i probably need to start growing up . i'm really excited though . rachel is coming to visit me in a couple of weeks . you planning on coming in for any of the rodeo stuff ? you'll never guess who i got in touch with about a month ago . it was the weirdest thing - heather evans . i hadn't talked to her in about 10 years . seems like she's doing well but i can never really tell with her . anyway , i'll let you go . gotta get back to work . looking forward to hearing back from ya .
just confirmed with mike - we are still good with that offer .
hey girl - you guys doing anything tonight ?
thats awesome ! i'm so happy for him ! - what day is your actual birthday - i always forget the exact date .
hey brook - i was wondering if you sent that check - because if you did - i didnt get it- no big deal - just checking
we had a couple of different deal numbers that we were using for december purchases from sg interests . we bought a volume of 689 at a price of 9.25 on 12/21 on deal 528768 . however , the next day - we bought a volume of 689 at a price of 9.84 on 12/22 on deal 510431 . the counterparty agrees with me and they will be reinvoicing us .
we arent busy - looks like jen may be trying to put together a happy hour/early dinner for friday - she just sent me an IM - i'm assuming it's not in honor of your birthday because it wasnt mentioned . i wont mention it if you dont want me to . anyway - she did ask about you - said she hadnt talked to you in a while . as far as i know - we have no plans as of yet for the whole weekend - i know how much you love football ,  but maybe we can just hang out on sunday and watch the game - make some good food - etc . by the way - i went to the doctor yesterday and he said everything looks perfect right now - that was awesome news - i'm going to get an ultrasound sometime in the next 2 weeks- hopefully i can find out what i'm having ! i lost my waist over the weekend - definitely in the maternity clothes now even though they all look huge . anyway - talk to you soon
I ordered a computer and printer on the enron click at home program and i received a confirmation , but it seems as if it's only for the computer and not the printer . My order number is 507208940 . Can you check on the status of the printer ? Thanks .
maybe - what do you think ?
hey - just wanted to say happy birthday ! and , find out how you're doing - perfect i'm sure . you would totally laugh if you saw me right now - i'm starting to look pretty darn preggo . anyway - i may try to call you later today . take care .
well - sounds like you had a great birthday ! whats your next stop ? still
that sounds awesome - dont catch any dangerous diseases . do you know scott thompson at southern ? if you do , i heard he has connections in south africa . i probably wont talk to you again before you leave so - have a great time . i wanna hear all about it when you get back . take care .
phillip is a buyer of calpine - CPN - you wanna check into that ?
hey fletch - i was wondering if you had any access to bbq cookoff tickets for the enron tent this weekend . i have a friend coming in from new york and he really wants to swing by there . let me know . thanks
Hey Sean ! I just thought about you yesterday because I remembered your birthday was coming up . I have no idea if this is the correct email address for you , so I won't write too much . Write back if you can - I have alot to tell you .
hey - just wanted to see hoe your trip went - i dont even know if you're back yet .
WOW ! Congratulations on your engagement . I remember you talking about her at the reunion . I'm glad your career is going so well - as if there was ever a doubt . Well , my news is also big . I'm expecting a little girl on June 11th . Talk about a life changing event . Pat and I moved to Katy to live close to my parents and to have a bigger and newer house . I really love it there . It's hard to believe our 6 year anniversary is coming up in March . I'm still working at Enron - still trading commodities , and it's going really well . Like I said before , I just wanted to wish you a happy birthday and catch up a little . I know how busy you are , but I'd love to have your new email when you leave Seattle . Until next time - take care and have fun planning the wedding !
Hi Amber . I have misplaced my truequote ID and password and I would like to start looking at the system ( finally) . Is there any way you could send me my info again ? Thanks , Tori .
Oh - i forgot to mention - John Perdew wants your body .
I'd like a swatch of Seaside Baby . My mailing address is 4419 Stackstone Ln .
Hey Jack - I'm assuming you don't know the last name , but I'm betting you haven't known alot of other Tori's in your lifetime . Anyway , I've been feeling nostalgic lately , so , I thought I would see what was up in your life . I got married about 6 years ago , and I live with my husband , Pat , out in Katy . I'm working at Enron downtown , doing commodity trading . We're expecting a little girl in June , our first baby . Anyway , I'd love to see what's going on with you . Write back if you can .
I'm so glad you wrote back . Isn't the internet a wonderful thing ? I have been driving back and forth to the doctor and practically passing right by the house you grew up in . I thought about you every time I drove by , and I had to find you . Congratulations on your marriage . Where did y'all meet ? How's your family ? Gosh , I feel like asking you a million questions . I can't believe I waited this long -- what has it been - like almost 10 years ? That makes me feel old ! I guess I am turning 30 this year - scary thought ! Anyway , I better get back to work , but I will call you - or - if I don't call first - my number is 281-578-9135 . P.S . -- Do you remember Rachel Haygood ? She's still one of my closest friends and she says "HI."
i'm sorry if i am not being understanding about this situation , but i if you really look back at the last 5 jobs you've had , i think i have been more than understanding about letting you do whatever you wanted to do . it really hurts me that your pride in this situation is more important to you than spending time with your pregnant wife and your daughter . i can't talk to you about this anymore if you are unwilling to understand my point of view . once again , if the situation were different , i would tell you to do whatever you wanted . but , this time it's different and i hope you can see that . i love you ! tori
I need to add some more people to our restricted list for our blanco product , but i need someone from eol to send me an update of the current list . Can I get this today ? Thanks .
We have two new products on the west desk that we would like to launch march 1st . The descriptions are set up and ready to go , but we need to make these RESTRICTED products just like the EP Blanco . The customer list , however , will be different than the blanco list . We need to get on this right away . Please let me know what I need to do .
The 2 products will be EPNG Socal Ehrenberg and PG&E Topock . The reason why we need to make these restricted products is so that we can prohibit El Paso Merchant Energy from trading them . The reason why we want to do this is that El Paso Merchant Energy is refusing to trade with us , the Western region , both on their online trading system , ICE , and also in the broker market . We feel that this is the appropriate action to take in order to keep the playing field level . I'm sure this will bring up some questions , which should be directed to our VP , Mike Grigsby , if further explanation is needed . Again , the desk has just made the decision to trade the products in this way , and they are asking me to make sure that we have the ability to roll them out on eol by 2/28 at the latest . Thanks for your help .
Hey Sheri . How's everything going ? Hope you had a good time on your Vegas trip . I haven't even had a chance to talk to Jen about it . I had a question for you -- Do you know of any job openings that would be good for Pat . I have his resume to forward if you think there is anything out there .
I'm glad everything worked out for you . Hope you have a great time !
i show -.05 in my notes as well as on the paper ticket
Here is the way we would like to see the restricted list for the EP Blanco Avg products -- I have omitted and added counterparties . Can we make these changes as soon as possible ? I would like to be able to tell the new counterparties as soon as possible so they can start clicking ! Thanks !
I'm feeling great - other than not being able to sleep very well - and this is just the beginning of that ! Anyway , thanks for forwarding Pat's resume . He does like what he is doing there most of the time , but I have been pushing for a little more stability from him to take some of the pressure off myself . Thanks again .
Thanks for your help ! due on june 11th ! 3.5 more months
Jennifer Lamprecht Susan Hadix Pam Macaul Dana Richardson Terra Henderson Cathy Morse Diane Hoyuela Kristin Wilson Jennifer Taylor Donna Hatter - my mom Dorothy Glasscock - my grandmother
I have a friend who is possibly interested in the trading positions that we have open , but I wanted to find out exactly what types of trading positions they are . CAn you give me some more details ? thanks .
hey jack -- sorry i missed your call the other night -- i've either been out or exhausted every night . this whole pregnancy thing is really tiring . anyway , i just wanted to get back to you - i'll try to call soon -- didnt want you to think i was ignoring you .
here's the right email address . talk to you soon .
i got ahold of them and they are going to stop by the house tomorrow and look at everything and give us an estimate
you should see me try to play golf right now - it is downright comical .
nasdaq is scary ! you think we could lose another 30% of what we have in there? ? should we just leave it in for the long term and wear all the pain now ?
i will be attending
hey girl -- havent talked to you in a while . just wanted to catch up and see whats new .
here are the two new index descriptions that we need: Then , just to clarify on the PG&E Topock product -- here is the special language that we need to use -- "The volumes scheduled to be delivered are subject to reductions due to normal operational constraints on all interconnecting pipelines at this location based upon historical operating conditions . The reductions caused by these are excused nonperformance and are not considered a failure to receive or deliver firm gas." We do not want to specifically mention el paso pipeline because the gas can come from a variety of different pipelines , all of which can have operational constraints . I think this is close enough to the original language that it should not be a problem . Thanks for your help .
Here is the resume we talked about:
hey heath -- sorry it took so long to get back to you -- we plan on at least going to dinner -- dont know how long we'll stay out after that -- i'll do my best . See you there .
hey sheri -- i forgot my logon and password for dynegy direct -- we havent looked at it in so long but now we want to again .
hey kristi -- the bunko is going to be on april 9th at my house . hope to see you there .
please add Astra Power LLC to the restricted list for the EP Blanco Avg products . thank you .
without trading experience , the jobs that you would be interviewing for would be risk analysis or scheduling probably . i'm not sure how much you make but i think it may be a pay cut -- not sure though . you can send me your resume though and i have alot of contacts in those areas - i'll do what i can .
so sorry to hear about your loss . our thoughts will be with you .
ext 3-3275
1 . yes 2 . no 3 . no let me know if you need anything else
scott and i talked and we cannot say definitively that triad called us first every single day -- there may have been some days when we called them . we can call you if you need further explanation .
This is just to remind everyone that bunko is at my house on Monday April 9th . Please let me know as soon as you can if you are not going to be able to make it . Thanks and I look forward to seeing all of you there .
hey beverly -- do you have phone numbers for any of the people that werent there last time? ?
hey there ! hope everything is going great with you . things are still going pretty smoothly with me - thank goodness . my actual due date is 6/11 so i only have about 2 months left . i'm starting to realize why people are always miserable in the last couple of months . anyway - my address is 4419 Stackstone Ln . Katy , TX 77450 . Talk to you soon .
what we decided is that we are all bringing something and i provide the drinks . i havent heard back from everyone yet but my gut instinct is that we will need at least one extra person . it looks like everyone that was there last time is coming again and also kristi said she would be there , but that still leaves us short . i hope the pool construction doesnt disrupt y'all too much . the good thing is that my dad is overseeing it and he is being really hard on the guys , making sure they are as clean and quick as they can possibly be . kim already said that jeffrey cant wait to come swimming . we'll have to get a water basketball goal - pat will love playing with all the kids .
you are so sweet to think of me . i dont know why you would ever be in houston , but if you are , we definitely need to get together . talk to you soon .
i never heard back on this request -- was it done? ?
Hello - I was the one who asked about your high chair covers at Fuzzy's pizza the other night . I was wondering if i could get more information on patterns and cost . Thank you .
i will be here all this week and really any time after about 10 am is fine to stop by
hey - thats funny about john - he definitely remembers him - i'll call pat and let him know - we are coming on saturday - i just havent had a chance to call you guys back -- looking forward to it -- i probably need the directions again though
not to be inconsiderate , but we did get him a gift last year and it seemed like nobody was really that interested in doing it . we think it's dangerous to start buying birthday presents for some people and not others and the group thinks it's best if we dont start the trend . we definitely want to do something for boss's day every year , but we think it's best to keep the birthdays simple .
hope everyone is okay with this -- i talked to the people that were here and we all agreed .
hey dan - it's tori from the good ole west gas desk . i was talking to the klapper the other day and he said that i might be able to forward my hubby's resume to you to see if you knew of any good fits for his experience in your arena . his background is in ecommerce account management/development and other IT consulting and auditing . i'm gonna go ahead and attach his resume . please let me know if you think there's anything here for him - i would greatly appreciate the help . thanks , tori
thanks
can you just let me know one way or the other if his background would be compatible with anything that might come up ? thanks .
hey melba -- guess what -- we have come to the point where we no longer need to make blanco a restricted product . can we go ahead and change these ep blanco avg products - both the fixed and index - back to normal unrestricted products ? let me know.. .
i need to send jennifer a shower invitation and i have your address but i lost the zip code - duh . can you forward me your zip code? ?
Hi . I am an employee at Enron and I have applied for an infant spot in the new day care center . I was wondering when we would be notified as to whether or not we have been accepted . I know the center doesn't open until September , but for me it will be first time child care and I need to line something up if I do not get in . Also ,  do you know an exact date for the scheduled opening ? Thanks for your help .
damn - we eat really early here - they bring lunch at 11 oclock if you can believe it . maybe i will come meet you anyway and not eat - it's dead here today . when and where were you planning on going? ?
wow - thats awesome - have a great time -- bring pictures to the baby shower -- you should be getting an invitation soon -- i think my friend jennifer is sending them out early next week . i cant believe i only have 7 weeks left !
the trader over there is JB Smith . if you would like - you can send me a copy of the invoice , and we will send them a letter with the invoice attached - and tell them to stop sending invoices to you because we consider the issure to be resolved .
lets start on the 30th -- monday -- that way we can start it for may 1st trades .
We need to get something for Ina for Admin Asst's Day - it is tomorrow . I will take a collection of $10 from each person and get a gift certificate from Foley's if that is okay with everyone . I will probably have to go get the gift certificate tonight - so please dont stick me with more than my share of the bill . (  Thats what happened last time ) Thanks .
hey there . just wanted to see how the bike ride went . also wanted to let you know that pat got a job . thank goodness . anyway , write back or call when you get a chance .
we will agree to cancel these trades and reconfirm new ones . Tori , Please disregard my prior email - I mispelled Socal's email address . Their address is now correct . As we discussed , Astra incorrectly confirmed the two imbalance trades detailed below . Tony at SoCalGas said he can cancel the trades if Astra and Enron send him an email requesting the trades be cancelled . Trades to Cancel: Confirm Date Agent Buyer Agent Seller Therms To confirm that you agree to cancel , then please forward this to him at gtcalendar@socalgas.com and indicate that you agree . ( You can also hit "REPLY ALL" since I cc'd on this email) . I will call you and let you know what the new downstream contract will be . Thanks Parks Wesson Astra Power , LLC
looks good
just seeing if you were back from your trip . maybe we can go for lunch sometime this week . let me know when you're free .
thursday sounds great -- and around 1130 would be good if you can make it -- we can go to bourays , ny pizzeria , allen center -- whatever you want .
for deal 694859 -- it should be 4.48 for deal 697646 -- for the 30-31 it should be 4.50
hey there - i was just talking about you with my mom - she said she talked to you again today and i was laughing that she's talked to you alot more than i have lately ! dinner friday sounds great . what else have you been up to? ? did you already have the river trip? ? we havent been out at all -- just too tiring for me to do anything but dinner right now . we're just trying to get everything ready -- it's pretty exhausting . well - i better get back to work -- talk to you soon and see you friday !
river trip sounded like a blast ! the pool is going well - next step is the deck and they are starting this week -- realistically they could be done in 3 weeks . pat got a job - thank goodness - he starts next thursday -- he'll be working downtown at waste management . it was a pretty good offer -- good benefits -- good company -- he's going to be working for the old boss that he had at bank united . we will be able to carpool now - no more bussing it for me -- also , we just found out today that we got into the new enron child care center -- that was a big relief . so -- things continue to fall into place -- we're keeping our fingers crossed that it continues.. .
do you not have instant messenger at work anymore? ?
test
hey there . i was wondering if you have nicole's address . i wanted to get terra to send her a baby shower invitation just in case she might be coming into town , or at least it will serve as an announcement anyway . thanks .
thanks so much - i am going to write her in addition to sending the invitation since it looks like she wont be in town anyway .
i talked to steve and he liked you alot -- who else did you talk to? ?
oh - ok -- she hasnt said anything but that doesnt surprise me -- she is actually the manager of the group and she usually doesnt talk much about her interviews -- i'll see what i can find out .
still on for lunch today? ?
i think pat and i have decided to wait until he can be listed on the loan before we actually lock this thing up . we are still going to do it , but we both feel better about having both names on the documents . can you tell me exactly how long we will ahve to wait after he starts working ?
i should be there - barring any unexpected events of course.. .
i sure will - i think that would be a better fit for you anyway -- if i hear anything - i'll let ya know
sure
Full Name: Tori Kuykendall Extension: 3-3275 Office Location: EB3209D What type of computer do you have ? ( Desktop , Laptop , Both ) Desktop Do you have a PDA ? If yes , what type do you have: ( None , IPAQ , Palm Pilot , Jornada ) No Do you have permission to access anyone's Email/Calendar ? If yes , who ? No Does anyone have permission to access your Email/Calendar ? If yes , who ? No Are you responsible for updating anyone else's address book ? If yes , who ? No Is anyone else responsible for updating your address book ? If yes , who ? No Do you have access to a shared calendar ? If yes , which shared calendar ? yes - west desk calendar Do you have any Distribution Groups that Messaging maintains for you ( for mass mailings) ? If yes , please list here: No Please list all Notes databases applications that you currently use: In our efforts to plan the exact date/time of your migration , we also will need to know: What are your normal work hours ? From: 7:00 To: 4:30 Will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation , leave , etc ? If so , when ? From ( MM/DD/YY): 06/11/01 To ( MM/DD/YY):
hey andrew -- just seeing how things were going with you . i was at dinner the other night with jojo and your name came up , so i thought i would drop you a note . where are you these days? ? things are pretty much the same around here -- trevor is planning a trip to come see me when the baby is born -- only 3.5 weeks til d-day -- maybe a little earlier if i'm lucky . wasnt sure if i told you that i'm having a little girl -- she wont be spoiled or anything . overall i have to say that pregnancy hasnt been that bad of an experience -- other than the lack of partying which in my case is probably a good thing . keith holst was asking about you -- said to tell you hi -- so "hi" . thats all from h-town for now . hope you're doing well .
I need trade access to the western canada gas products on eol . Thanks .
i guess i need access to view the site with the p/l , that is , if i am supposed to have it .
i did that the first time -- it takes me to a page that says i do not have permission to view that sight -- and it directs me to send you an email
i cant remember who you forwarded this request to -- she said it was done but i still cannot see the products . my eol id is ADM53618 -- maybe it was updated on the wrong one .
let me talk to wes and find out really where this stuff is -- it may be closer to ngpl perm -- i have no idea until i see the physical location
should we be invested in oil producers instead of enron and calpine?????????????????? ?
thought you might like to see a pic of the little one .
i heard this yesterday ! perfect example of the state of our economy !
i'm at a loss on calpine also -- seems like they should be a fairly high debt company with all these power plants they are building -- seems like they could refinance debt at these low interest rates and improve their bottom line -- i dont know - just a thought -- the rest of the ideas you had sound fine to me .
can you give me the address for the kids center so i can complete the nomination form -- also do we put knowledge beginnings or lorraine as the center director ?
Hi Lorraine . I was trying to complete the form to nominate the Kid's Center for this award and I need the phone number and fax number there . I'm not sure why I don't have them , but I don't . Thanks for your help .
Hey Fritz . I am going to send you an email that attaches a referral form to your job postings . In addition , I will also personally tell the hiring manager that I have done this and I can also give him an extra copy of youe resume . Hopefully we can get something going here... .
I would like to bid 20 points on Chris Weinke and if I dont get him - i would like to bid 5 points on jay fiedler
This is a spreadsheet that we used to have in our fundies packet a while back . It is no longer being maintained , but I was wondering if you could cook something up that looks similar to it -- linking to the fundies price database . Let me know . Thanks .
I sent this message to colin originally and , since he's out , I am forwarding it to you . I'm not really sure who the appropriate person is . I also just realized that I forgot to include the attachment on the original message - oops . Anyway , could you take a look at this sheet and let me know what you could come up with ? I'd like to build something that looks like the "price sheet" tab . Thanks .
I also talked to the manager of the East region scheduling group and he said he would have HR call you for a screening interview , so be ready . Call me anytime after about 11 .
lots of good news out about duke energy -- low p/e -- take a look
Hey Cathy -- just checking in with you . It was good to see y'all again , but we'd love to come out to the house sometime in October . I wanted to see what your Sundays looked like - we are out on the 19-21 but that's all . Also , do you have contact info for Tom and Nicole ? I'd love to get in touch with both of them .
Hey Tom and Nicole -- I wanted to get in touch with both of you -- I FINALLY got your email addresses . My little girl - Erin - is almost 4 months old now - and is and absolute joy . She's a pro a rolling over and grabbing and chewing on everything she can get her hands on . I wish you guys could see her . I'm attaching a picture even though it's a little old . After you see this - I won't have to tell you how much she looks like her daddy . Life has definitely changed , but for the better . Believe it or not , I haven't gotten drunk in over a year and have no desire to do so - HA! ! I'm still working at Enron , trading away -- it's still been the best move I ever made . Pat is now at Waste Management after getting laid off from the little . com company . Again , a very good turn of events . We are loving Katy , especially with the swimming pool built in the back yard and some really great neighbors . Enough about me -- please write back with updates - I feel like I've totally lost touch and I don't want to keep it that way . Take Care and talk to you soon , Tori
Hi Steve -- I just wanted to let you know to change your distribution list for this email -- you can take me and Jan off and add Patti Sullivan -- patti.sullivan@enron.com and Ted Evans -- ted.evans@enron.com . Thanks .
that date works for me as of now -- and i do have a few things
Have fun in Port A -- i'll tentatively pencil in the 28th - let me know if something comes up and i will do the same
the seats are in the lowest section - within one of the baselines -i cant really remember what row - they are pretty good though
sounds like a good plan -- i guess the best thing to do is follow advice of the experts -- hopefully we will win in the long run
ok - great - sounds good - let me know if you need any more information
hello - i left you a message on your cell phone a month ago - I thought you decided that you didnt want to talk to me or something . CALL ME -- 713-853-3275 .
Hey there . All is well with Erin and with me . Although I can tell you that I definitely have not had time to pick up a book lately . Our day consists of -- wake up at 5 , feed Erin , get ready , drive to work , work , drive home , feed the baby , eat dinner , play with the baby , bathe the baby , go to sleep -- and I'm really lucky if I'm not awakened at 2 or 3 am . But , it's ALL worth it . I would be glad to give you a recommendation -- any idea where you want to be ? There are a few people hiring right now for sure .
hey- got your voicemail - i'll definitely try to meet up with you when you are in town . i already have a ton of plans in the next couple of weeks so i'm not sure how many more nights i can stay here late . what time are you leaving on the 17th ?
well - the problem is that I have 2 dinners next week and one om the 17th - it's tough to leave pat at home with the baby that many nights -- but we'll see
Mike - I need to go to the doctor tomorrow - the only appt I could get was 12 noon and it's in Katy , but I will get back as soon as I can . I have been having some issues over the past week or so and I really need to get it checked out .
I would like to bid 10 points for wade richey in this weeks free agency draft
well - the gentleman's package seems a little excessive since it has a manicure and a haircut thrown in . It looks like if we do the massage and facial only - it would be about $150 total . The phone number is 713-685-6718 .
i dont know him but he's legit - just looked him up . what job are they calling about ?
i hope not - but you never know with those HR guys . anyway -- if you get some more details -- i'll fill you in on any info i have
the plan sounds good to me - i think signs are usually enough -- just put a few out at all the possible routes
works here
that works for me
i guess we know why it tanked now -- i wonder if we really did conduct illegal transactions - at this point - i would believe anything - this sucks -- we have an employee meeting tomorrow - everyone is waiting to here what lay has to say
I don't think you would really want to be here right now anyway . Not the best environment - besides - you hate Houston , right ? Have you gotten any other leads ?
sounds like you have some good prospects - if you can land something decent in this economy then i think you're doin okay . good luck - keep me updated .
okay - so here's the deal - ugh - i hate to say this but we may have to postpone again . pat's parents were supposed to come last weekend and they didnt because pat's dad was sick , so they are thinking of coming this weekend instead . they usually leave pretty early on sunday , but with your time constraints with the foleys thing - i dont know if we'll be able to squeeze it in the middle . i'll let you know if anything changes - if not , it may be back to the drawing board . i saw terra , di , and nicole this weekend in austin - it was great to hang out with nicole if only for a little bit . how's john's job search going ? it's pretty rough out there - i've been thinking about you guys alot , hoping he can get something soon . anyway - i'll let you go -- take care .
i think it's going to be virtually impossible for me to skip out early on afternoon meetings for a while . So , i may end up having to be here til 5 on days that we have the bigger ones . this sucks but i think i just have to out up with it for a while . you okay with this ?
insiders starting to buy here
ok - so it looks like pats mom has to work on sunday so i guess it's back on - we should be able to get there at about 12:30 . what do you want me to bring ?
i met with chris today and i think we are going to try something else before we go forward with these - you can get with him for the details - thanks
ok - my opinion - i think signs are enough but am not opposed to pitching in for an ad , i will try my best to come over friday night but if i cant - what time will you be up on saturday ?
i have a table and chairs , coffee table , vacuum cleaner , pictures , dishes , thats about it i think
yeah - last week was just a case of bad timing - come back soon !
Great Pictures ! Too bad you have to go back to real life . Anything new on the job search ?
i probably cant find a baby sitter that late on a thursday
we have a meeting at 3 today -- cnbc is doing a report at 3:50 -- i will let you know
so - here's the synopsis - everything is business as usual - we have alot of cash and almost all of our counterparties are supporting us 100% - we are about to get more credit lines within a few hours - it's going to be rough but everything being done right now is to protect the gas and power trading businesses and we will be the best compensated people in the company .
ok - let me know when you guys can try to come up with a solution . also , mike would like to know if eol can work on a new functionality that would allow a trader to create a fixed price physical product that could link to price , basis , and index in order to prevent arb opportunities from the market . any ideas on that ?
david - where are we on this ? is there any hope of getting this done ?
why dont i try kim or marta first ?
i would like to bid 5 points on jay fiedler
i also would bid 5 points for charlie batch if i dont get fiedler -- i also want to bid 25 points for jason brookins
hey there -- we are doing really well - i cannot believe that she's almost 5 months old . anything new with you guys ? hope all is well . pat's email is pkuykendall@wm.com and his phone number is 713-265-1216 . maybe you guys can come out and visit sometime soon .
hey - seems like we arent the only ones that think kyle is an arrogant asshole anymore - susan told me that on saturday night she had it out with him and doesnt want him around -- also , apparently he's been treating dana like shit and it's starting to get noticed by other people -- just thought this was an interesting development .
i talked to chris a little bit and he is going to call back tonight at 6 at home .
how's this for the daily update: "Today was a very difficult day for us as market uncertainty continued . Recent news reports , including The Wall Street Journal article today , have speculated about possible mergers , takeovers and equity investors as options that Enron is considering . The reason you have not seen us responding to these reports is that it is our corporate policy not to comment on market speculation . However , I will tell you that we are evaluating all options to protect the financial stability of this company . I will keep you updated on developments as they occur"
wow - i wonder... .
tell me what you think - or any ideas to add - the changes were done by pat - i havent read it yet as it would be odd to pull it up here so i dont know if i agree with them or not
i am hearing from the youngsters that bullets are the way to go -- also , i'm out of ene in the schwab - oh well - another $300 down the drain - my fault this time
Hi Chris -- wanted to make a couple more changes on the resume after having someone review it -- will forward this evening . Thanks again .
just saw on cnbc -- enron talking deal with dynegy
this is so ironic
they halted trading on the stock - we are restating all financial statement since 1997 - i couldnt sell in time - i hope you talked to rick - i couldnt get ahold of you -- this sucks really bad
agreed
i can't go on wednesday -- i have a dinner interview -- it was the only time the guy could do it . sorry .
thank my buddy rachel for all these things... .
ok - so we all owe $45 -- somebody can just give me $20 and then everyone else can pay dana . I'm not in a hurry so no biggie .
I'm jealous - i can't go wednesday ! have an interview and that was the only time they could do it .
well - it's okay -- alot of people here are really confident about going head to head with dynegy traders and kicking their asses -- and i've had a pretty good year so i'm not that worried -- but - that said -- i do have a couple things lined up just to see if there's something better -- what about you ? did you get your interview at pan can yet? ?
i'm doing great -- the baby is so much fun but alot of work -- i feel tired 90% of the time -- enron is actually okay -- i feel good about my chances to stay on with the "new empire" -- but , i'm still taking this as an opportunity to explore some other options to see if there may be something incredible out there that i am missing out on . what's new with you? ?
advice -- any trips you want to take - do it now - start saving a bunch of money - and just remember -- when you start trying - it could happen on the first try!! !
hey ken -- looking forward to meeting with randy tonight ( he probably told you already ) -- i know he's talked to some other people that he hasn't been too impressed with -- do you know if there is anything special that he's looking for -- or i should say -- anything that specifically rubs him the wrong way -- my only bonding experience with him has been making fun of janie at parties! !
I'M IN -- assuming we leave at 3 which i think is the case
hey - thanks for getting back anyway -- i thought it went pretty well - he said -- let's keep talking -- kevin masek was there too - i stayed for a drink with him after randy left and he thought it went really well . i had a good time -- seemed like he was trying to be pretty formal though . i was pretty excited with what he had to say about their plans and i know i would get along well with the people that are there so far . and , i think i can bring alot to the table for him . we'll see what happens . i know he'll tell you everything :) .
any new progress on this? ?
can i write you a check for this ? and , by the way , have people been paying you , because alot of people dont read their email
this is the rebuild of all the gas daily and index spreads including the addition of aeco spreads along with a few others
I just wanted to send a follow-up thank you for dinner the other night . It was nice to see you again and to hear about the exciting prospects you have at RWE . I know I would enjoy being a part of your trading team , and I truly believe that I can provide you with a good base a knowledge and a strong desire to continue to grow as a trader within your organization .
I heard a rumor that you guys may be hiring -- is this true , and , if so -- for what ?
i have dinner at my parents' tonight -- meeting my brother's girlfriend! ! have fun though .
susan was already paying me -- i think there may be some confusion - i'll let you guys work it out -- thanks !
CONGRATULATIONS!!! ! I'm all teary eyed ! I knew you picked a good one! !
sounds great - we will definitely try to see you that weekend -- cinco ranch is actually public so that shouldnt be a problem -- willow fork is private but i think you can rent it and just pay more -- i went to a reception at the equestrian center once and that was really nice -- i know whatever you choose will be beautiful -- take care -- see you soon .
glad you made it safely ! enjoy the snow ! my home email is patrick_kuykendall@hotmail.com . talk to you soon -- take care
phone number - 713-937-4575
i will be attending the party
celestine -- i have not been a member now for over a year -- can you take me off your mailing list ? thanks .
the 14th is much better for me as we already have plans on the 7th
sounds great
Hey Keith . It was great catching up last night . In response to our conversation , although I have already sent me resume there through a head hunter , I thought I would also forward it to you directly . I'd love to have lunch with you in the near future to talk about the prospects .
so far - i guess its a good thing you didnt get on here after all
if everyone wants to go - we definitely have to bring the baby -- be we are open to that for sure
we would also like to keep all files under g:\west desk\gas reports and matt lenhart needs to keep a file on his h: drive called "matt-pl"
hey martin -- i sent you an add/drop request -- i am bidding zero points obviously
i should be there -- i think -- mi luni is fine
Go for it ! George Robinson
Just a short message to apprise everyone of the cleaning results performed on the filter separator from the Transwestern M/S . Wipe tests taken of the interrior portions of the separator prior to cleaning revealed PCB results of: 360 , 500 and 520 microgram . This was not a standard wipe taken of a specific area . These wipes were taken over large areas to determine presence/absence of PCB's within the separator . After the cleaning operation was completed , three wipe samples were taken of the interrior portions of the separator . All results showed non detect at less than 1.0 microgram . I feel we can be fairly certain that the separator is free of residual PCBs . Jeff , would you pass this information on to your counterpart for PG&E ?
Tracy , thanks for the heads up . Beginning in January of 2000 , provide me with the new and old serial numbers for each unit and a closer exchange date , as things ( scheduling , changeout activities etc. ) tend to move dates around .
On a related note , I spoke to Vector concerning the equipment which was suggested for cleaning on the PG&E system . It is as follows: 2 scrubbers , some underground C/S piping , filter separator , horizontal tank , 2-10.84 drip locations The Vector proposal for mobilization , demobilizataion and cleaning the above PG&E equipment will be approx . $ 75 , 000 . I approached Vector about the pipeline cleaning between our M/S and their C/S . They quoted a turn key price of $34,000 . Because this piping belongs to Transwestern , we should contract this cleaning ourselves . If the decision is made to address this cleaning , I think we would want to have it done during the same time period as the PG&E cleaning activities . I will also need some lead time to notify Vector and determine an appropriate methodology to be used . Vector apparently has an approved methodology for cleaning pipes to 36" . One additional note , apparently PG&E has discovered PCBs in their gas compressors . In wipe samples taken of the internal compressors PCBs were found at regulated levels.... .
Based upon valving constraints and the innaccessability to the inside of the pipe between our M/S and the Topock C/S , a decision has been made to postpone cleaning of his section of the pipeline . should cleaning occur of this section , it is anticipated that it will not occur untill the installation of the filter separator at the PG&E C/S , sometime later this year . Vector has been notified of this change in plans and will adjust their cleaning schedule accordingly .
Guys , I received Harrell's memo concerning the fuel use for the turbine and the fact that you had to reduce gas producer speeds to comply with the permits fuel use requirements . My question is , how does the fuel use compare with what Solar says the fuel use should be ? If we can get Solar to provide written guarantees and "UP" the fuel use value for the turbine , we can up the fuel value on the permit . The state of Colorado perceives increased fuel use beyond manufacturers values as the turbine not operating correctly and in need of mechanical adjustment . From their eyes , this would be a strong indication of excess emissions , and I think there evaluation would hold some merit . Anyway , I dont want to send up a red flag to the state of Colorado . Would you contact Solar and compare their fuel use values with what the monitors say the turbine is burning at La Plata ? Then let me know . If worse gets to worse , I may be able to use another tactic , but only as a last resort .
Approval was received from the Texas Railroad Commission to discontinue groundwater monitoring at the Pucket Plant . As you may remember , Transwestern constructed a permitted landfill to dispose of the entire facility near Ft . Stockton . Groundwater montioring activities have been ongoing since aprox . 1988 . A permit condition states that if three years of groundwater sampling data confirms that the groundwater protection standard has not been exceeded , the groundwater monitoring activities can be terminated . A letter from Leslie Savage granting this approval was received on July 14 , 1999 . Ken Gray , all other conditions of the permit are still in effect ( noxious weed and mesquite control , monthly site inspections recordkeeping etc.....) . Continue to keep the records accurate and up to date . I anticipate that we will be required to monitor and conduct housekeeping activities at the site
The environmental clearances are still in effect as long as we stay on our right of way and in our measuring station yard . For any construction work at the PG&E station , we will need written aprpoval from PG&E . I will notify the state and county of California when we do the construction work . Earl , I will need to know the amount of natural gas which will be released during the blowdown of the 1850 feet of pipe , our separator and meter tubes . Pg&E will be responsible for the notification of gas release for their separator and piping... . David Roensch
Presented Title V training to the Flagstaff Team . The training included responsibilities , recordkeeping and semi annual reporting requirements . A meeting was held with representatives of Transwestern and PG&E to discuss activities related to removing PCB's from the Topock Lateral . Sampling data was reviewed and discussions were held addressing past cleaning efforts . PG&E has stated by letter and verbally that natural gas volumes will be decreased weekly until PCB concentrations fall below 5 ppm . Transwestern will be implementing a pipeline cleaning of the remaining 1850 of pipe between our M/S and the PG&E C/S . Included in this cleaning will be decontamination of the additional filter separators and meter runs . Assisted in the compilation and data gathering of the Title V compliance monitoring and annual certification reports for C/S No . 5 , Thoreau . The annual blanket request for the Arizona SHPO was submtted for renewal . Notification letters were submitted to the state of New Mexico notifiying the agency of like for like replacements of recipricating engines at the AToka No . 1 C/S . Additional notifications were submitted to the agency apprising them of engine removal activities at C/S's No . 5 and 9 which would impact emissions fees .
James , lets go ahead and provide her with an annual report for Puckett with the information you provided . thanx again
Thanx John , I look forward to seeing you at the Doubletree for dinner on the night of the September 3 . Let me know your traveling plans
In light of the recent PCB issue with PG&E on the Topock Lateral , I have asked Mr . John Woodyard of Roy F . Westin to c ome to Houston and make a presentation on PCB's in natural gas pipelines . Mr . Woodyard has considerable experience in the management of PCB's and works closely in industry associations ( INGAA and GRI) , Mr . Woodyard also works as a consultant in this capacity . The date of this meeting will be on Friday , September 3rd , beginning at 9:00 am . Lou Soldano will be setting up a meeting room and will notifiy all attendees via lotus notes prior to the September 3rd meeting date . I think this meeting will be very interesting and informative and and encourage all to attend , if possible .
Mr . Cates , sir , would you please approve of the attached expense report ? You are a kind and generous man .
NNG Gomez Plant , Site Cleanup has been completed . All activities associated with the items identified during the sale of the facility have been corrected . Becuse ET&S owns and WGR operates , there is a concern that WGR may not adhear to compliance and housekeeping at the facility . This has been the case in the past . Discussions will be held with Enron Legal to address these concerns . TW Bell Lake Gas Plant , Ground Water Remediation . A revised Water Development Easement from the State Land Office was received . This will allow TW access to install one additional downgradient groundwater monitor well . The tentative schedule to install the well will be the week of September 13th . A construction permit application for installation of an SVE remediation system for the North Crawar C/S was mailed to the TNRCC . The State of New Mexico conducted an air quality inspection of the Atoka No . 2 C/S . No items or deficiencies were identified by the agency . The Title V air permit application for the Atoka No . 3 C/S was mailed to the State of New Mexico , Air Qualtiy Bureau . The Notice of Intent air permit application for the Crawford C/S was mailed to the State of New Mexico , Air Quality Bureau . Annual blanket request letters were submitted to the USFWS in New Mexico and Texas for renewal . A meeting was held in Houston with John Woodyard of Roy F . Weston and ET&S mgt . addressing PCB activity in natural gas pipelines as related to the PG&E PCB Topock Lateral issue .
The PCB Annual Document Logs for the facilities that generated PCB waste and stored it at TW's long term storage facility were completed and distributed to locations and entered into Envisions . The 2rd quarter Transwestern/SoCal PCB mgt . committee conference call was completed . This committee meets to discusss PCB management on the SoCal system and review invoices generated by SoCal during each quarter . This quarters invoice amount was $280,633.48 of which Transwestern is 86% responsible or $241,344.79 . Final activities are in progress at the Topock Lateral where cleanup of the 1850' pipeline and appurtenances has been completed . Analytical results of the wipe samples and liquid samples taken showed the cleanup to be successful . All wipes after the cleaning showed to be less than 1 microgram/100 cm . sq . Analytical results of the liquids showed to be less than 20 ppb . The next phase of the cleanup activities will be in November when the remaining 11 miles of pipe will be cleaned and have launcher facilities installed at the mainline interconnect .
With respect to the September 13 , 1999 letter from Richard and Oreane Garcia concerning pipeline integrity and noise issues , Transwestern Pipeline Company offers the following response: Pipeline Integrity . With the construction of the evaporation ponds over Transwestern's right of way and pipline , Transwestern has closely monitored the potential for impacts for the pipeline . This includes a more frequent inspection of the pipeline conditions underlying the ponds by taking potentiometric readings to verify that corrosion is not present . Transwestern has also installed rectifiers to assist in eleminating the potential of pipeline corrosion . As a DOT requirement , Transwestern has cathodically protected the entire pipeline system with an external pipeline coating to further ensure the integrity of the pipeline underlying the evaporation ponds . The pipline safety measures implemented by Transwestern are designed to not only identify corrosion iimpacts to the pipeline system at the inception of detrimental impacts as a result of corrosion , but also allow for long term stability and integrity by conducting state of the art monitoring and detection . Noise Issue . In the initial environmental assessment and study , Transwestern conducted baseline surveys of the area to determine existing noise levels . This study was completed to assist Transwestern in the mitigation measures which will be implemented after construction of the Gallup Compresso Station . Pending completion of the facility , Transwestern will conduct post noise studys to determine whether facility noise levels have increased above those levels mandated by FERC . In the event of operational noise levels exceeding the FERC regulatory level of 55 ldn , Transwestern is committed to performing any and all mitigation measures necessary to ensure that the post noise level of the facility will not be above the level mandated by FERC . Decrepancy of trailer park residents . In the letter by Mr . Garcia , it was stated that Transwestern's assessment of the number of residences in the adjacent trailer park was not 18 as had been stated in our original study , but "more like 35 trailers" . The number of mobile home residences currrently in the trailer park may in fact be closer to 35 . Transwestern's trailer park residence count was taken in the winter of the year when the fluctuating job market is normally down and the number of residences in the park was low . The transient nature of mobile home residences and the fluctuating job economy of the area is probably a direct reflection of the up and down nature of the residences . It should also be noted that during the time that the trailer park count was made , the owner of the trailer park who is also the operator of the evaporation ponds was experiencing major difficulties in the operation of the ponds and raw sewage had overflowed the pond embankments and had resulted in the raw sewage ponding in the yards of many of the trailer park residents . It was actually noted that many of the spaces normally occupied by mobile homes had been vacated . This unsanitary condition was also identified by the New Mexico Environment Department . The NMED had implemented enforcement actions against the trailer park owner .
Kay , the choice is yours as to how you want to clean your oil staining . both technologies will work . I prefer the quicker of the two......in the interest of time ie steam
Rich , whats your thoughts on a decent pipeline segment for the modeling study . I kind of like Sta . 4 to Sta . 3 . It encompasses alot of the variablity present on the Transwestern system ( elevation , temperature , consistent activities with respect to the rest of the PCB contaminated system) . Let me know before the Penn State visit , so I can start rounding up the analytical data for the pipeline and stations.... .
Butch , you may want to attend this
Bret , what do you think about this ? We have pretty much proven that we are not the culprits is this activity . I have a problem conducting an ongoing sampling for an issue that were not responsible for , even though we initiated the sampling activity . I plan on visiting the OCD about this issue and either forcing them to justify why we should continue the sampling when the data points to our neighbors . Additionally , because of the turnover and inability to get the guilty party to get moving on this , spending additional money and not receiving any return seems like a waste of time . Thoughts... . George Robinson
George , after Bret's memo , go ahead and conduct the sampling . the soonest I can discuss the issue with the OCD is in the middle of November . I have reviewed the reports and results of the studies conducted by us and them and the evidence weighs in our favor . At your leisure and prior to the November OCD meeting , prepare a memo to file of the resaons and justification based upon the report results and data why Eunice is not the bad guy in this and why Texaco is . Gradients , plume elevations and characteristics of the contaminants show that this is not our problem . Id like to have sufficient evidence , both mine and yours , to force OCD to go afterTexaco and get us out of this issue . I think this would also help Bret's case for having Texaco ( or whoever is responsible ) reimburse Northern for the costs we have incurred for what is Texaco's problem . George Robinson
George , I will attend this meeting with you on the 16th . George Robinson
Mike , I reveiwed the proposal by Adewumi and it is correct and fairly accurate , for the purposes of a historic account and and in as far as what was provided to him in the way of data and history . His proposed scope seems to be conclusive and appears to be what we need . I have included Louie in the distribution and am sure he will have some input . My comments are as follows: 1 . I dont know how relevant it is to know about the customers facilities at this time . As you know , we have more than one customer ( PG&E and SoCal) , and I think that we should maintain a low profile especially with respect ot SoCal . Both parties in the past , have been helpful and very cooperative in matters pertaining to PCB's . Because the modeling study will be conducted between C/S 3 and C/S 2 , the customers facilities should have no impact on this . 2 . Also , I would like to see if we can deal with PCB's and arsenic at the same time ? Is it possible to simultanously model both contaminants ? 3 . Because the modeling efforts are conducted on a very small portion of the pipeline , can this section be used for all of the Transwestern system ? In leau of the fact that we have pipe under rivers , over rivers , major elevation chages in short distances etc which are not covered in the section to be modeled , will the pipeline characteristics be covered to the extent that it will yeild information applicable to the entire pipeline system ? 4 . I am also concerned about stirring up the PCB's and moving additional PCB's into the SoCal system . Its been pretty quiet in discussions with the SoCal PCB person . I wonder if we should notify Ralph Komai to be on the alert when we start the cleaning ? Louie , thoughts ? 5 . Injection of terpenol into the station yard piping . How will we do this and how do we get it out ? 6 . Impact of terpenol on gaskets , engine parts , etc .
Bill , we had an air inspection at the facility a couple of weeks ago and all went well . Prior to the state visit , we went through a "trouble shooting" scenario and found out that Solar provided us with innacurate permitting information for that altitude and temperature . Solar was very helpful and provided us with updated information to reflect conditions at the facility . I submitted a permit revision and it was submitted to the state of Colorado prior to their inspection , requesting more fuel but no more emissions . Recent testing has shown that even under extreme low temperatures , the emissions are under the original permitted levels . Because we did not request additional emissions , I expect the permit to be issued within the next couple of months.... . bottom line is that no NOV will be issued for the fuel use issue . William Kendrick
This is just a short update on the conference call just completed with Michael Adewumi of Penn State , concerning the PCB pipeline modeling project proposed for the Transwestern mainline system . David Roensch , Dr . Adewumi and myself discussed the latest proposal submitted by Adewumi and based upon his answers to the technical and operational questions , it appears that the model will yeild some useful information . Adewumi was asked about the simultaneous modeling of PCB's and arsenic and feels that the model can address this situation . He felt that by initiating the model to the pipeline segement selected for the study ( between C/S 4 and C/S3 ) this information could be projected to the other pipeline segments with physical and elevational conditions not represented in the segment selected . As is the case with most projects of this nature , answers to some questions cannot be addressed until we begin the process . It appears that the next step in this process is to have Mike Terraso contact Michael Adewumi . David Roensch and I will be available to feed technical and operational information to Adewumi for his modeling input . It may also be in the best interest of this project to see a team of technical and operational experts from Enron and Transwestern begin a brain stroming of this project during the data input stage to address issues related to the field cleaning trials , both of the pipeline system and the C/S piping . By working through the process , we may be able to alleviate some potential concerns and increase the cleaning success . Although Transwestern has been involved in this type of cleaning for a number of years , based upon the liquids data results , the system has met with variable success . The more technical and operational information we can incorporate into the model , the better will be the modeling conclusions and results of the cleaning activity .
A meeting was held at C/S 6 , Laguna on Tuesday November 16th , to reintroduce the pueblo of Laguna to Transwestern's environmental activities at the facility . The Laguna's have hired an environmental person to oversee environmental issues on pueblo lands . The meeting centered around three issues: a UST site which had been removed , but not formally closed , a historic removal of asbestos which had been buried at the facility in the late 1980's , and the ongoing groundwater remediation at the site . Transwestern provided a history of the above mentioned activiites and why these issues were unresolved in the "eyes" of the Laguna . Transwestern committed to submitting closure requests for the UST and asbestos issues . With repsect to the groundwater issue , a presentation was given enlighting the Laguna representative of the difficult nature of the subsurface geology and groundwater characteristics to rapidly clean the contaminants ( chlorinated solvents and PCB's ) and Transwestern's intent to continue its remediation efforts . Transwestern assured the Laguna environmental representative that all correspondance and data pertaining to environmental issues would be submitted to the pueblo agency . At the conclusion of the meeting , the Laguna's understood Transwestern's commitment to maintaining the policies and practices consistent with the pueblo of Laguna . The meeting provided Transwestern and the Laguna's with the opportunity to meet and share ideas and opinions and initiate working relationships . The Laguna's now have an understanding of the environmental activities at the site and what Transwestern's approach is to removing the contaminants . The Laguna's appreciated Transwestern's efforts and commitment to environmental compliance on the Laguna pueblo .
Jim , yes you will need a USGS
I think its time that we did a maintenace spot check on the White units at the above referenced facility , to stay in line with the operating conditions of the facility permit . It would probably be a good idea to check on the emissions status of the Whites at the same time .
The state of Texas conducted an air quality inspection of the NNG Seminole C/S . There were no deficiencies or violations identified at the facilit during the inspection . The State of New Mexico Air Quality Bureau conducted an inspection of the Transwestern Atoka No . 3 C/S . The Agency conducted a record review and did portable emissions testing of 3 of the 5 emissions units at the facility . Although fuel use and a natural gas analysis were not available for the units tested , emissions exceedances for NOx are expected for the 2 White Superiors at the facility . The State of New Mexico Air Quality Buureau conducted an inspection of the Transwestern Atoka No . 2 C/S . The agency conducted a portable emissions testing of the two turbines and one recip at the facility . Although fuel use and a natural gas analysis was not available at the facility , all units tested appeared to be in compliance with the permit limits . The agency requested sulfur readings from the fuel gas as required under Subpart GG NSPS for the last twelve months . The Artesia team has contacted Gas Control in Houston for the for the monthly sulfur values at the facility .
Leo , my computer has fouled up and I wasnt sure you got this so Im sending it again.... .
Rick , its that time of year again , do your magic and approve the attached expense report And thanx again for the Topock consideration , I do appreciate it.... .
For those teams that have turbines installed after 1990 and/or for those turbines which have undergone power unit changouts , the following recordkeeping and monitoring conditions apply: 1 ) DAILY recordkeeping of nitrogen and sulfur must be taken of the fuel gas which supplies the applicable turbine(s) . 2 ) This recordkeeping consists of electronic recording ( gas chromtograph for nitrogen and delmar or equivelant for sulfur ) or stain tubes may also be used for sulfur . These DAILY records include measurements on Saturdays and Sundays . 3 ) The measurement must be taken at the location . An exception to this is that the nitrogen and sulfur measurements may be taken upstream or downstream of the applicable turbine facility provided that there are no natural gas deliveries into the pipe which would interfere or dilute/increase the measurements for the applicable turbine fuel gas . 4 ) Fuel gas records in hard copy form or equivalent for the nitrogen and sulfur must be maintained at the facility or at a central location for easy 5 ) A turbine facility may waiver out of this nitorgen and sulfur daily recordkeeping requirement by obtaining a custom fuel monitoring schedule ( CFMS ) from the EPA . Approval of a CFMS allows a greatly reduced recordkeeping and reporting for nitrogen and sulfur . CFMS requests have been submitted for the following facilities: Plains Turbine C/S Monument C/S Crawford C/S Bloomfield C/S Approvals have not as yet been obtained . Until issuance of a CFMS , an applicable facility is required to continue daily sampling for nitrogen and sulfur . Facilities which have received CFMS from the EPA include: Please be advised that there may be certain reporting requirements that might be required for each CFMS . I would strongly advise that the La Plata and Panhandle teams review their CFMS and include reporting dates into MCS , so that the deadlines and reportings are not missed . If you have a turbine facility which is subject to the nitrogen and sulfur reporting requirements and would like to reduce the reporting burden , contact Butch or myself .
The biennial hazardous waste reporting for 1999 for Transwestern Pipeline Company was submitted to the states of Texas , and New Mexico . A meeting was held in Roswell to discuss air permitting activites and the recent agency inspection of the TW Atoka No . 3 C/S . Due to the agenciy's portable testing of units at the AToka No . 2 and 3 C/S , A plan was developed to address potential actions which may result from the agency testing . Also discussed was NSPS fuel gas monitoring for nitrogen and sulfur and other miscellaneous air issues . Texaco has initiated soil excavation of an abondoned pit which may be the source of groundwater contamination at the NNG Eunice C/S . An Enron contractor is onsite to oversee the activities by Texaco and to assist in the results of the investigation . The 3rd request to Region VI EPA was completed requesting approval of 5 Transwestern and 1 NNG facilities for custom fuel monitoring schedules . Initial requests dating back to 10/8/98 were included with the packet . A phone call to the Regional Administer of Region VI was also completed . Pending additional lack of response , a meeting will be requested to the agency requesting action and approval of the requests . Data requests from Argent Consulting have been distributed to the field for the 1999 emissions inventories . Results of the additional archeological and biological survey's for the Gallup C/S power transmission line 7C application have been submitted to regualtory affairs in Omaha . There were no positive concerns or impacts identified which would require additoinal actions .
Bret , per ;you request , presented below is a list of Priority 1 and 2 sites in Arizona , New Mexico , Colorado and Texas for which we have running horsepower and emit emissions to the atmosphere . Priority 1 Priority 2 NEW MEXICO C/S No . 9 Monument Turbine Bloomfield C/S La Plata Keystone Lone Star Valero C/S
Louie , I dont have any plans for a trip to HOuston , except for the Mage tech mtg during the last week in Feb . 28 , 29 , March 1 , 2 Louis Soldano
A presentation was given to the Transwestern Marketing Group in Houston over the PCB issues affecting sales of natural gas into western markets . The history and future potential impacts of market stratgies were also discussed . A training session on the Dehy MACT was attended in Santa Fe which was sponsored by the state of New Mexico , apprising companies of forth coming requirements under Title III . A request will be sent out ot the field for each location which has dehydration to complete a extended gas analysis and rich lean glycol samples . Notification to the staes and EPA is due by June A conference call was attended to discuss the C/S 8 turbine project and its fate . Based upon submitted discussions it was decided to dispose of the turbine , compressor and auxillary box as a PCB contaminated waste and move the contaminated articles to a PCB landfill . The quarterly Transwestern/SoCal PCB management committee mtg was held via conference call . Invoices and charges were discussed which So cal had charged to their management and handling of PCB's on their system . At 86% , Transwestern's responsibility was $71,208.61 . Clearances were received from the F&W and SHPO for the additional areas for the powerline transmission corridor of the Gallup C/S which is in progress . A custom fuel monitoring request wqas submitted to Region VI EPA for the Installation and testing has been initiated on the precombustion chambers for the Superiors at the Atoka No . 3 C/S . While fabrication is in progress for the correct chamber , temporary Waukesha chambers were installed . Even though the chambers were not of the correct size and configuration , a 12.5% fuel savings was achieved and emissions were reduced by over 56% . The correct chambers will be available and installed sometime next week .
Mike I wanted to give a short update on the latest events related to the PCB issue with PG&E . Transwestern met with PG&E this last Wednesday with an agenda that included some sharing of sampling results collected downstream of their first C/S ( Topock ) and on out west toward their main distribution areas . With respect to the most recent sampling data , Low PCB concentrations ( N.D . to 38 ppm ) have been detected in drips and interconnects between Topock and Hinckley C/S . The good news is that PCB's have not been detected downstream of Hinckley which is approx . 160 miles from the Topock C/S . PG&E has also initiated construction and installation of some drips and small separators at locations where their gas feeds into other lines or directly into customers . the proposed installation date for the large mainline filter separators is still on target for 6/1/00 . Now for the bad news . At the conclusion of the meeting , PG&E has stated that they want their Topock C/S decontaminated . This includes all piping and equipment . I stated to them the impractabibility and zero success rate of removing all the PCB's from their system and that there would be no quarantees that the deconning would be successful . The contract PCB deconning companies only have permits which would guarantee cleanup to 10 ug . They were told that it would be impossible to clean everything and that in all probability the PCB concentrations would be showing up as the gas continues to move through the system . Additionally , the better remediation approach would be to continue to remove PCB containing liquids at strategic locations . Even with this , they were pretty insistent that their management wanted the facility cleaned . Preliminary $$ estimates range to approx . 3-5 million . I think that this is only the "tip of the iceberg" . If they are successful with this action , the pipeline system will be next . Their pipeline is not piggable and to make it such would require replacement of pipe , valves etc . Ill keep you informed on this,,,,,, ,
Michael , our liquids data collections have been pretty lean . Its only been in the last couple of months where we have actually collected any arsenic data . I will send to you what data have have with respect to arsenic , including some historic reserch in the Abo field of southeast New Mexico where the arsenic is generated from down hole . The source is not so much from what is coming out of the wells ( catalyst towers were installed in the late 80's to trap the arsenic ) as the residual which has collected in the pipeline prior to the installation of the catalyst towers...... .
As a reminder , the state of Texas requires releases of natural gas greater than 119 mscf to the atmosphere ( in a 24 hour period) , to be reported to the Regional Offices of the TNRCC . These releases include but may not be limited to the following: ESD's , startups , shutdowns , pipeline ruptures and maintenance activities . Should any of the above activities release natural gas in excess of 119 mscf , a written notification should be faxed to the Regional Office of the TNRCC within the following timeframes: Unanticipated Upsets- within 24 hours after the discovery of the upset . Maintenance , Startup or Shutdowns- 10 day prior to the expected exceedance . This reminder is being sent to all ET&S teams within Texas because in the last two Northern Natural Gas compressor station inspections conducted by the TNRCC , they specifically requested backup data and reporting documentation of the natural gas releases to the atmosphere which were greater than 119 mscf . The agency's inquiry specifically addressed knowledge of compressor station venting for ESD , start ups and shutdowns . It should also be mentioned that there has been inconsistencies in the TNRCC's position regarding this issue . However , until a position has been adopted by Enron's GPG , I am recommending that each facility comply and report as appropriate . The fax numbers for the following Regional offices are as follows: Midland ( 915 ) 570-4795 Included facilities- Wt-2 , Walton , Keystone , Lone Star Valero , Spraberry , Seminole Lubbock ( 806 ) 796-7107 Included facilities- P-2 , Plainview , Brownfield San Angelo ( 915 ) 658-5431 Included facilities- Reagan Co . 2 , Irion Co . 1 , Reporting forms for the release can be faxed to your location by request by contacting me at ( 505 ) 625-8022 .
Just a short note to let you know that I received a call from Rod Bosche of PG&E apprising me of a meeting PG&E will be having with SW Gas this tuesday . They will be discussing PCB issues and the sampling results from the PG&E system . From discussions with Louie , a media statement is being prepared by them which Louie has a copy of . The statement is a little harsh and makes some statements which are incorrect . Louie and I are planning to attend this meeting in Las Vegas to possibly assist in making some suggestions about rewording their statement and provide some additional insight and history on the Transwestern system with respect to PCB's . The results of this meeting will be forwarded at a later date.... .
Steve , you have been given all the written permit history and portable analyzer correspondance from myself to and from the State of New Mexico . All of my air permit files were copied and sent to you previously . If there is confusion , I apologize but everything that has been agreed to by the State of New Mexico has been made available for review and use . If I need to sit down with you and or others to go over this , let me know . Steve SanMiguel
No . thank you
Mike , I spoke to Ralph and he gave me an open week of April 17th in San Francisco . He thought that one day would be more that adequate . I need to have somebody contact the PG&E side for their availablity during that week . Should I or someone else contact Rod Bosche or let Louie do this from his end with our legal contacting their legal ? Some of the highlights that I had requested to Ralph for his presentation was the following: PCB's are a contaminant , just as benzene is , which occurs naturally in the gas . Health issues of PCBs in pipeline are not a concern especially from a customer and employee standpoint ( the name PCB lends itself to public outcry of the unknown ) Removal of PCB's is best accomplished by managing liquids , not deconing Fiilter separators are a proven method of PCB removal Transwestern's proactive assistance with SoCal on their system to manage their PCBs Most pipelines on the east coast have PCB's and no adverse environmental impacts have occurred Michel Nelson
A meeting was held with the Roswell Team at C/S No 8 discuss roles and responsibilities of the Title V Operating Permit for the Corona C/S . The sale of the TW Crawford C/S has been cancelled . A permit revision was requested to the Air Quality Bureau to transfer the new permit to the existing facility to keep intact the ability to conduct turbine power unit replacements without agency notification . Preparations are in place for the forthcoming meeting between PG&E and Transwestern over PCB issues on their mainline . Analytical shows that the PCB's are continuing to move further downstream into their system . Ralph Komai , with SoCal , will make a presentation concerning SoCal's experience with PCBs on mainline and LDC systems and present it during the 4/20 meeting in San Francisco . The annual certification for the Atoka No . 3 C/S was reveiwed for completion and submitted to M . Nelson for signature .
Michael , we may have to petition the teams for theri analytical
Rich , this is the public notice for the groundwater remediation at the TW North Crawar facility . Because we are emitting emissions to the air from the contamination in the groundwater , we had to have a permit.... .
Larry , as per our conversation , presented below are the emissions factors provided by the state of Colorado for the T-7000 Centaur under permit TSP 14.000/MMSCF NOx 0.100/MMBTU CO 0.121/MMBTU VOC 0.0348/MMBTU Formaldehyde 0.00438/MMBTU As you already know , the emissions factors for the Centaur 50H turbine under permit 97LP0885 can be found on page 5 of this permit which was issued on Remember , the state has given us until May 19 to have the rolling emissions calculations completed for both turbines at the facility .
George/Norm because there is no immediate concern or liability with the partially filled excavation , I want us wait for the official letter from the tribe before taking it upon ourselves to fill the excavation . I dont want to send a message to the Lagunas about us taking environmental matters into our own hands without involvement from the tribe . If there is a reason to expidite the covering of this open area , then lets send another letter requesting to do so . Given the other issues yet to be resolved at the station , lets keep the tribe involved and a part of our environmental activities . I want to maintain a good working relationship with these people . As you may remember , they were a little irritated by Transwestern's neglect of not keeping them in the loop previously . Lets not open that type of issue again..... . George Robinson
will do... .
Thanx George for the update . Norm would you mind visiting with Ms . Bernacik and explaining to her the difference between the excavation area where the underground tanks were removed and the landfarm area ? If need be we can write her another letter requesting the closure and backfilling of the underground storage tanks . George Robinson
Received the "permit by rule" approval for the turbine power unit changeout for the Keystone C/S . The emissions testing results for the Plains Turbine Station was submitted to the TNRCC . Discharge renewal applications for C/S No . 9 and Monument Turbine C/S were submitted to the OCD . Notification to the New Mexico AQB was given for the power turbine changeout at the Atoka No . 2 C/S . One employee was skill verified for level II environmental During the routine weekly sampling of the PG&E system , it was discovered that approx . 3 oz of liquid had collected in the new filter separator in the PG&E C/S yard . A request was made to analyze the liquid for not only PCB's but also pH to determine if the liquids resulted from the caustic and water cleaning of the upstream portion of the pipe leading into the PG&E C/S .  This is the first occurance of liquids at this location since this new filter separator was installed and put inot service .
The Title V air permit for C/S No . 4 has been issued . There are some requirements and conditions under this permit that the team should be aware of and will be required to comply with . I would like to visit with the team at their safety meeting in June or july to go over the conditions of the permit . Please give the the dates in June and July when your next safety meeting is . This Title V presentation should last about 3 hours .
During the quarterly conference call with SoCal in which we discuss PCB costs on the SoCal system , for which Transwesten is 86% responsible , Ralph Komai , SoCal's PCB person provded some addtional information with respect to what is going on with the PCB activities on the SoCal system . As a result of the PG&E press release , SoCal management directed additional sampling to be done at their interconnect with Transwestern and downstream of this interconnect . Ralph reported that a number of liquid samples came back at around 7 ppm , however one sample at their Kelso Station , near Barstow , came back at 77 ppm . Ralph had indicated that there has been an increase in the PCB's coming into their collection locations in the Needles area as evidenced by the following: Based upon 1997 data , almost no liquids greater than 50 ppm were revcovered Data collected in 1998 showed that approx . 8% of the liquids were greater than 50 ppm Data collected in 1999 showed that approx . 9% of the liquids were greater than 50 ppm Based upon this , Ralph had stated that SoCal would be collecting additional sampling information and possibly entering into an internal montoring program , somewhat like PG&E is currently doing now . I had informed Ralph that our Needles M/S facility had seen almost no liquids in the last 5 years , other than a recent accumulation of a one time pigging in early 2000 when a small volume of liquids ( less than 55 gallons ) had been collected . We discussed that the accumulations seen on the SoCal system were probably from existing liquids on their system which had collected in low points in their pipeline and were moving downstream due to the increased flows from TW into SoCal . Ralph gave the impression that there were no immediate management tensions resulting from the recent "hits" . He just indicated that they would be watching their system and sampling at a more frequent basis .
Atttended the NMOGA meeting in Farmington , NM . It appears that the BLM will implement its own noise criteria in areas within New Mexico that are deemed sensitive by the BLM . The proposed noise threshold will be 48.6 DBA(A) . There are no Transwestern facilities in the Farmington resource area which will be impacted by this proposed level , however the potential exists for several Transwestern locations in southeast New Mexico to be impacted . A meeting was held with the president of Del Mar , concerning the issues associated with the lead in their lead acetate tape for monitoring sulfur concentrations in the natural gas . A request was made to the company to determine the feasability of recycling the tape and eleviate the management and disposal issues associated with the tape as a hazardous waste . The quarterly SoCal Transwestern PCB conference call was held this week . Transwesten's share ( 86% ) of SoCal's PCB management activities was approx . $79,000 . Due to the press release by PG&E concerning the increased occurance of PCB's into their system , SoCal has initiated increased sampling activities on their system and will be proposing to do additional monitoring to track liquids from Transwestern's M/S into the SoCal system . Preliminary sampling results at strategic liquids locations on the SoCal system has revealed hits of PCB's in the range of 7-10 ppm , although , a hit of 77 ppm was discovered . As a result of an isolated hit of PCB's into the new filter separator at the PG&E C/S in excess of regulated levels , a conference call was held the ET&S VP to determine forthcoming activities with PG&E . A meeting has been scheduled at the PG&E C/S next week to reveiw sampling on the PG&E system and discuss the recent hit of PCB's in the F/S and what forthcoming activities will be conducted at the site .
A meeting was held in Laughlin , Nv with PG&E to discuss the liquids which were received and analytical result of 505 ppm which occurred at the PG&E F/S . Additional discussions centered around the latest migration of PCB's into the PG&E system and control technologies to stop additional migration of PCB's into PCB free portions of their distribution system . Annual emission fees were paid to the ADEQ for C/S No . 1 , Kingman in the amount of $31,145.26 Annual hazardous waste fees were paid to the DTSC for the facilities that operate in the state California A meeting was held in Albuquerque to discuss and apprise involved parties of histoirc and proposed activities for 2000 for the 10 groundwater remediation projects currently being conducted in Texas and New Mexico . Received a call from the TNRCC about an air quality inspection at the Irion Co . No . 1 C/S on 6/30 . the team was notified and preparations are currently being completed to ensure that all recordkeeping , permits and monitoring reports are onsite during the inspection .
Leo , for my weekly report please use the following: Provided environmental oversight and sampling for the cleaning and decontamination of the filter separator at the PG&E C/S . Assisted the San Juan team in preparing for the forthcoming consolidated audit in July . Witnessed the post noise surveys for the Gallup and Bloomfield C/S's which were FERC requirements under the 7C certificate for construction . Leo Nichols
As a result of the latest meeting with PG&E over the greater than 500 ppm PCB liquids collection at the PGE Topock C/S filter separator ( F/S) , presented below is a summary of the deconning and sampling activity which occurred Vector was instructed to use a high caustic detergent ( Cimclean ) as the cleaning agent for removing PCB's from the Topock F/S ( 50:50 Cimclean:water mixture) . Diesel was not used in the deconning process . The only equipment cleaned by Vector was the PG&E F/S . Transwestern's filters in its separator were replaced , but no cleaning or deconning was perfromed to this unit . The filters were also replaced in the PG&E separator . The following samples were collected during this project: On the Transwestern side: 1 . Wipes ( 3 ) of the interrior body of our filter separator after the filters were removed . Large areas were wiped to determine presence/absence of PCB's . ( Not 100 sq . cm . sample ) 2 . A composite sample of a used filter removed from the upstream separator at the Selexol Plant . The filters appeared to be exceptionally clean 3 . Composite sample of the fine powdery rust which had collected in the bottom of the F/S . Approximte volume one cup . 4 . Composite sample of the used filters from the F/S . Visible appearance of the filters removed from this vessel showed them to be clean and virtually unstained . A small discoloration was present on the ends of each filter confirming that the filters were sealed properly in the F/S . 5 . A sample of an unused clean stocked filter . This was a control sample . On the PG&E side: 1 . A liquids sample of the residual in the upstream leg of the Topock filter separator prior to deconning . Approx . volume one cup 2 . Sample of the solids ( fine , blackened , powder ) which had collected in the F/S . An estimate of the volume of this material removed form the F/S prior to deconning was approximately one gallon . 3 . Wipe samples ( 3 ) of the interrior of the F/S prior to deconning ( not 100 cm sq . wipe ) 4 . Used filter media from the F/S . The operation of the F/S filters are designed to be a twice pass through of the same filter . Composite samples were collected of the upstream and downstream portions of the filters . 5 . Wipes ( 3 ) of the deconned filter separator interrior walls . The only inconsistency observed during the cleaning and inspection process was the volume and buildup of the black fine powdery hydrcarbon material which was present in the F/S at the Topock C/S and conspicuously small amount of rust colored material which was present in Transwestern's F/S .  As previously mentioned , samples were collected of both materials . The only difference between the two locations was the color of the materials and the volume . It is suspected that the deconning activity conducted in August of 99 loosened hydrocarbon solids present in the 1850 feet of pipe which had over time moved and collected in the PG&E F/S . The small amount of rust materials observed in the Transwestern F/S is the result of the pigging activity from the Selexol Plant into the Transwestern F/S . I will have reprensentataive samples of both materials . Photographs were also taken of the cleaning and inspection activities and will be available for review at the forthcoming meeting in Flagstaff with on the 13th of July . Analytical results will also be completed at this time .
Thanx . Very professionally written . I only had to look up a couple of words .
test
Carmen--- My night differential has not posted to my last four paychecks . The last time I received it was for pay period ending 05/15/2000 . Would you please include a retro adjustment to my next check ?
SCROLL DOWN TO OHIO STATE .
I did . What does he want me to do with it ? Have him call me .
Dan I did not include them in the upload sheet b/c I path directly to them .
Patty Could you please forward this to Susan Fick . I don't have her e-mail .
LONG ABOUT: ET: 2500
Call me .
WHAT'S YOUR NUMBER ?
When we do the emissions testing at C/S No . 3 , Luepp , we should be aware of the positives and negatives . The positives being the information which Steve and company will collect . This appears to be a very useful tool . There is also is no permit emission limits associated with the permit at this facility . There also exists the potential to pay lower emissions fees should this investigation show that the emissions from the units to be significantly lower than what was placed into the permit application . The downside to this effort is that the data we collect may in fact show that our emissions fees which we have been paying actually under estimate those submitted in our application and we would more than likely be held accountable for the difference ( 1996 to the present) . Additionally , enforcement action could result by the Navajos . I say this to apprise everyone of the positive and negative potentials involved in completing this study . From the emission estimates which were placed into the permit application we included a defendable buffer or excess of emissions to account for variations in the temperature , humidity , engine age and poor engine mechanics should they exist . And finally , we have the unknown of not knowing what the three units actually emit . These units have never been tested . This uncertanty in itself may be the driver to know so as not to have a situation which was similar to what happened at Atoka No . 3 several months ago .
WHITE 4.695
PATTY DRUMM
white 4.689 mar 3.104
HAVE 2100 FOR JULY .
Sithe Power Marketing , L.P . 335 Madison Ave . New York , NY 10017 Janine Maher July 1 , 2000 forward
EES sold for July 2000: North Atlantic 2864
NO
June
EES sold for July 2000: North Atlantic: 2721 Disregard the previous e-mail . This is the correct one for July 2000 .
Do you have the final reads for July and the new ones for August .
Demand charge for July: . 60 The swing rate will be on the July invoice which is scheduled to go out , along with June , in about 2 weeks . May's invoice should go out next week .
Apply the storage gas only to our storage customers .
sorry . apply it to our commercial customers .
I received a call from Ralph Komai , PCB engineer with SoCal , about a pipeline liquids collection SoCal wants to take at our Needles facility . Ralph said that SoCal will be undertaking a study on their pipeline to determine why the concentration and liquids volume of PCB's has reduced into their system in the past couple of years ( 97-2000) . I shared with Ralph and up until this year , we have not had liquids at the Needles facility since 1994 . He stated that they have seen reduced concentrations and are curious as to why this trend is occurring ( sounds like good news to me) . He said that their data shows the following: 1998 liquids concentrations only 1% regulated at the federal level 1999 liquids concentrations only 8% regulated at the federal level Ralph has requested that SoCal be allowed to collect a liquids sample at the Needles M/S and I have contacted the Needles team about assisting SoCal with the collection . I would expect that this may have implications with respect to slight increased billing for analytical charges that SoCal will be charging us for and we reveiw on a quarterly basis with them .
PRICK
Amber--- Marriott fell off July 1 , 2000 behind BUG .
Marlene , please call me if this is not correct . Sherry
Can you help Sherry with this set-up .
Looks familiar ?
I want to bring interrested parties up to date on the issue of replacing the fuel mixers with carbuerators at the Spraberry Plant . It seems that this replacement was performed ONLY as a fuel savings activity and that there would be no increase in emissions or horsepower as a result . According to the TNRCC , they will allow this activity provided that the above is true and that we prove that emissions and horsepower will not increase . To do this they have requested that we conduct an emissions test on one of the units with the mixer on and then with the carbuerator on as a condition of their approval . IE before and after testing . I am going to request that we be allowed to do the testing with a portable emissions tester , which has been verified in side by side testing on New Mexico units as opposed to bringing in a third party referenced testing company . Contractor testing runs about A condition of all permitting issues is that the carbs are not supposed to be installed on the units ( preconstruction ) until approval has been given by the agency . In this case , we will be allowed to install a carbuerator on the one unit to be tested but not on all units . Should testing show other exceedances ( emissions or Hp ) in addition to fuel savings , this will trigger actions requiring perimtting . Under the circumstances , I think it would be in the best interest of NNG to know for certain that we have not violated the grandfather status of the units and that if our activity requires permitting , we comply immediately . I am sending out the letter request to the TNRCC today . If approved , we should test ASAP . Remember , that sampling ports in the exhaust stack of the unit to be tested will need to be constructed prior to testing . Let me know if the Team will need a diagram showing the sampling port locations .
A phase I due diligence was completed for EOTT on two liquids pipeline segments in the Texas Panhandle and in Northwestern Colorado . The assets are owned by Equilon Pipeline Company . A copy of the findings have been submitted to Legal . There were some deficiencies and potential liabilities discovered as a result of this activity . Assisted the Roswell team in the preparation and completion of the 6 month and 12 Title V certification reports for the Roswell C/S . No deficiencies or non compliance issues were identified for this 12 month period . Annual certification reports were submitted to the TNRCC for 3 Transwestern and 8 Northern Natural Gas C/S in west Texas . There wer no deficiencies or non compliance issues identified for any of the 11 facilities during this 12 month period . The TNRCC reviewed the emissions testing report for the NNG Plains C/S and requested modification to the original report submitted . The testing contractor was contacted and a revised report was submitted to the agency .
I received word from the TNRCC that they will allow a portable emissions test at the Spraberry C/S to confirm that the replacement of the fuel mixers with carbureators will not cause an increase in emissions . I will send out the letter today to the TNRCC reqesting written approval to do the testing . I would strongly recommend that the Spraberry Team have the sampling ports installed on the unit that they select to be tested and have this testing completed ASAP . Remember , the unit selected must be tested with the fuel mixer on and then remove the mixer and conduct a test with the carbureator on . Whoever performs the portable emissions testing will need to ensure that we follow a portocol that I will submit to the state .
I'm going to be out tomorrow . You can page me at 1.800.963.0942 .
Max , I spoke to Pete Metzner of METRIC Corporation about the status of the environmental assessment you need for the above project and he said that he has received the packet you sent him but he needs to have additional clearification on some items which are pertinant for completing the EA . Mr . Metzner was concerned that he would not be able to complete the EA by the specified time unless he discussed these issues with you . METRIC has extensive experience with environmental assessments , but is not familiar with pipeline terminology and pipeline actions proposed uder the agreement with the Office of Pipeline Safety . When you get a chance , would you please contact Pete at ( 505 ) 828-2801 . Thanks .
get on her list
I am no longer with the gas desk . Please remove from list .
get on her list . remove from list . no longer with gas desk .
Heard anything ?
I'll call you later tonight .
Lawrence We bought 100mw at $50 for HE 11-23 edt . If the P&L shows 50mw , that's because we had to give the cash guys 50mw . Larry C .
I don't have an expense account . I guess I'll let the money sit until I think it's safe to take it out . Thanks for your help .
get transmission done
click on this then bookmark it .
I am no longer with the gas desk . Sherry is the contact person .
Kayne-- I need you to e-mail these two people , carlj@pjm.com & grosser@pjm.com , to inform them that Zurita is no longer our oasis administrater . They need Richard's info on file: Enron North America Richard Hrabal 1400 Smith Street #3111f
Think about it over the weekend . I'll call you Sunday . The RSVP is next Wednesday .
Here are the directions: Bank of America 1.800.299.2265 1 ) press 0# twice in order to bypass the voice menu and connect to an operator . 2 ) tell them you need to wire funds . This link has all the info you need . On the left side of the page , click "Helpdesk" then "Managing funds" . Scroll down to the heading , "Wire Instructions for Transfer of Funds to Datek Online" . Have this page up while you talk with the bank operator because she will need the info off this page .
Scott-- Would you please include my name on all future e-mails . I am the real time NY/NE trader .
What are the Klan's attitude toward Asians ?
Particpated in a Consolidated audit of two facilities on the Northern Border Pipeline system . Very few items of concern were identified . Submitted to the state of Texas Fish and Wildlife Service annual blanket renewal requests . Submitted to the state of Arizona Shpo annual blanket renewal requests . Submtted to the state of New Mexico Shpo and Fish and Wildlife Service annual blanket renewal requests . A natural gas relase of 1.57MMscf was reported to the state of New Mexico and Houston GPG for a line lowering in an agricultural area . The quarterly Transwestern SoCal PCB conference meeting was held . Transwestern's share of PCB activities on the SoCal system at 86% was
sign me up .
I guess I can try to clear my calendar ( ha ha) . Just let me know when and where . Why am I the only one on this e-mail list ?
BOTH Since I'm a single man , I would be willing to contribute whatever is necessary to make this a memorable event for you .
do you have specific time info for saturday's activities ? i might be tied up in the morning .
Noon works really well for me . When did you make partner ?
what about lake charles ?
George , Ive read through your stuff on the Gomez remediation and need some help . Why are we collecting so much groundwater . Im concerned that charges for twice weekly disposal may be perceived as excessive , even though the costs are reasonable . Are we trying to dewater or what ? Other than that , I dont mind ensuring the protection of the upstream spring and think we should get busy on the well installations . Do you think this will do it with respect to no more wells needed . Id like to get to that position as quickly as possible .
what are you talking about??? ?
Dennis , see attached Dennis Howell
you might want to get on this list .
give me your number . i'll call you in the afternoon , after 3:00 , sometime this week .
call me after 3 .
Gary , I no longer work on the gas desk . My replacement is Sherry Pendegraft . Her number is 713.345.3461
This is a message from Kerry . I just converted and moved Larry Campbell ( lcampbe ) to the W2K server . He uses ESIS . I successfully converted the tables and have the links corrected ( logged in as kgramse) , however Larry cannot use the system . I received a message while logged in as Larry stating that the data/application was "Read-Only" when I attempted to re-link the tables . Please check the permissions on GTROS-FS01P\APPSRW Thanks , Kerry
SORRY . WON'T HAPPEN AGAIN
Have you deposited the wedding check ? I'm trying to balance my checkbook .
Have you decided what time is good ?
I'm free all day . Give me a time .
I received a call from a permit engineer with the Arizona Dept . of Environmental Quality ( ADEQ ) concerning the issue of notification of mechanical activities at C/S 2 Flagstaff and a mandatory 7 day wating period for agency review and approval . Due to the urgency of the C/S 2 work being performed , I had written a notification to the agency friday evening requesting approval to initiate the activities detailed in the scope of work which was included with the letter . On Monday , the engineer called and said that he had read the letter and had no problems with the activity proceeding at the C/S . After we had discussed this issue at some length , I posed the question to him of whether it was necessary to notify the agency of mechanical and maintenace activities which will not impact or change a combustion units throughput , fuel use , emissions , horsepower , or cause a change in design . After some discussions I informed him that Transwestern will probably inundate the agency with notification letters , he stated that as long as the engines operating parameters would not change , (  horsepower , emissions , throughput , fuel use etc) , and the burden of responsibility will rest on Transwestern to ensure that no permit conditions are violated , he stated that we may proceed with these types of activities in Arizona without any notification to the agency . The only hitch being , that when Transwestern does a major mechanical activity , which would cost more than 25-30% of the cost of replacing a unit , that we provide them a courtesy notification . I told them we would apprise them of such an activity.... .
Lorraine , I dont have a problem with continuation of this sampling , but we better hear from our conservative tight fisted attorney first... .
9214 Sanford send the failure to deliver message you got to my it contact .
call me at home
I would be honored . Do we meet there or somewhere else ?
yes . let me know .
what's the final plan . where ? when ? where do we meet ?
don't worry about the margin call . it's taken care of .
what are you guys doing for new year's ? work 713.853.9351 home 713.777.0146 pager 800.963.0942
both . you have to schd . all your trades .
Bill , Just a short note to let you know whats going on at Bakersfield . I have spoken to the agency inspector about one of the NOV issues and have been told that EOTT will definately receive a an NOV and fine for failure to conduct the emissions testing on a heater that apparently should have been tested approx . 6 months ago . With repsect to the other NOV issue , Rick Suderman had a testing company in to perform emissions testing on another heater which was required to be tested by today . As the testing contractor began his testing , an 02 issue developed with the equipment the testing company was using and a miscommunication on the part of the testing contractor was directed to Rick . As a result , the the inspector observed elevated CO readings from the heater that Rick had made adjustments in the heater set points ( based upon recommendations from the contractor ) causing the elevated CO readings to result . The inspector stated that the facility would receive another NOV for this exceedance . In any event this isssue was NOT Rick's fault and was due to some bad communication on the part of the contractor . We have sent the testing company home and will be bringing in another testing company ( AEROS ) on thursday . This is the contractor who has done the majority of the previous emissions testing for the facility to complete the heater testing and substantiate the innaccuracy of the first testing company's data . With this new data , we shold be able to demonstrate inaccuracy in the first testing company's QA/QC . It should also be mentioned that we have identified other environmental issues which we should discuss at your convenience . Butch and I will have completed the permit compliance investigataion and be available for discussions on friday . William Kendrick
I wanted to present this summary of the meeting Transwestern had with representatives of the Laguna Pueblo concerning the status of the PCB remediation activities by TW . On the Laguna side were members of the Laguna pueblo , the PEOP a technical oversight group that provides expertise and assistance on technical issues for all of the 19 pueblos in New Mexico ( ranging from UST to superfund) , and members of ETS (  5 members of the Laguna team , Butch Russell , Rick Smith ( advisor for the Laguna team) , myself ) and George Robinson . This is the third meeting we had in the last year and a half with this group since the Lagunas have started showing renewed interest in environmental activities on their pueblo . The meeting centered around two issues at the site: the closure of the UST and the PCB remediation activity . With respect to the first , concensus was reached that we would continue monitoring and collecting groundwater samples at the two downstream well locations from the UST site on a quarterly basis , and send the results to POEP for review . With repsect to the PCB remediation issue , things were a little different . The POEP representatives expressed concern on behalf of the Laguna tribal Coucil that the progress of the remediation activities Transwestern is presently using to bring closure to the site is not showing positive goals toward achieving cleanup at the site and that the data submittals to the Lagunas have verified this . They indicated that that have been patient with Transwstern's attempts to allow natural attenuation to reduce the PCB contamination , but based upon the historic sampling results , that this technology is not proving to be very successful , in fact the results have shown stagnant results ( Im using their words) . They would like to see Transwestern implement other more proactive technologies to arrive at cleanup and closure of this site . Members of the Laguna pueblo , who work for the POEP , expressed concern that the PCB contamination could negatively impact future generations of Lagunas members and that it was the responsibility of Transwestern to clean up the contamination which they brought onto their lands . One member of the Laguna pueblo called the contamination a "cancer" with potential to spread . A comment was made by the POEP that there was a major potential of increasing the magnitude and spread of the contamination if we continue to just maintain our present approach of just monitoring the site and installing additional wells. . A member of the POEP has been in contact with a consortum of individuals from North Dakota State University , ( Energy and Environmental Research Center ) who claim to be experts in reclamation of contaminated sites which are considered difficult to remediate ( this site would certainly fall into this category due to the presence of the sandstone bedrock which has numerous cracks and channels present which direct the PCB containing liquids present at the site) . Although the POEP was not recommending Transwestern utilize their service , they did strongly suggest that we should at least discuss this site with them . It shold also be mentioned that Syed Risvi , the POEP Superfund representative was at this meeting . He had mentioned that the POEP has been in discussions with EPA Region VI concerning potential classification of the site on the CERCLIS list of sites for inclusion on the NPL. . He had indicated that he did not want to see this site included on the list , but stated that Transwetern needed to update and show postive results in our remediation efforts and that it was the tribal councils opinion that this was not being done . At the conclusion of the meeting , I informed the POEP that Transwestern's internal remediation group would contact the NDSU group and discuss the site characteristics with them and we would reprot back to them the results of our discussions . This seemed to satisify the POEP and they were content with this . John , I would like to schedule a conference call with the above list of people and discuss this issue . A couple of things I want to bring out . First , we will be undergoing ROW and Compressor Station renewals with the Lagunas in the near future . Second , on the Laguna tribal lands , they have experienced other releases of contimation and are currently very sensitive to this whole contamination problem . Although we are considered by the POEP as proactive up to this point and very easy to work with ( direct quote from the POEP ) they are wanting a more proactive and measurable effort from Transwestern to clean up the PCBs . Please get back with me on this .
This is a short note to apprise those that the before and after emissions testing for the fuel valves and carbuerator at the Spraberry C/S has been submitted to t he TNRCC . The data showed fuel savings , as we had hoped it would and we also received an emissions reduction benefit . According to the agency , this replacement activity will not require an amendment to the permit , which will be a plus for the company . My compliments to all involved for the retesting and efforts it took to make this happen . I will forward the response from the TNRCC as it is received .
Rick , Terry had informed me that Solar had trouble with this unit in making its emissions guarantees , prior to shipping it to La Plata . I was not aware of this when I permitted the unit.a couple of years ago . In an attempt to solve the problem , in November , I had submitted a modification to the permit to the state of Colorado requesting additional emissions as it appears the unit exceeds its permitted levels during the colder months . I received a call form the state of Colorado and they said they are hesitant to approve of more emissions for us . We reached an agreement with the state that they would remove the pound per hour limit and keep the ton per year requirement in an attempt to give us more operating room ( the higher emissions months would be balanced by the warmer months which produce less emissions . However , after Terry went through the calculations we were still exceeding the permitted emission limits when we calculated yearly limits . I dont know if Solar might have sold us a bill of goods but based upon emisisons calculations , the unit cant stay under the emissions guarantees that Solar promised . We have notified the state of Colorado , as the permit requires and Im sure they will be following up on this . Let me know what Solar says...... .
see attached save for thursday
password: megan1
Ed the 6" project you are talking about is a small project independant of Rogas where a 6"line will be constructed from North Coles and run above ground , if possible , to a tie in approx . 1 mile away . We will need a waiver for this . There wont be any by pass crossing concerns and only ocal notifications due to the efforts to run the pipe above ground . The reason for constructing above ground is to minimize surface disturbance . Im sure that one of the conditions of the approval for this construction actiivty is that EOTT wil be required to maintain integrity of the pipeline to ensure no releases.....inspections , reporting etc... . Ill keep you in the loop on this.... .
John , I had asked Randi to complete an annual report for the F&G 2081 permit , as I did not want to have this hang over our head when EOTT's 2081 application was reviewed . This may be the annual report that were talking about . As you remember , the 2081 requires an annual report for activities conducted for the prior year and it is due by Jan 10th of every year . It was not been submitted for 1999 or 2000 . Because Randi has been personally involved in all construction activities at the North Coles Levee facility , I thought she would be the prime person to complie the reports for us and then we would submit . If this is the annual report everyone is talking about , then , yes , I instructed her to do these , primarily , because she has been involved since the get go and she has the information . She has also promised the reports to me by 2/15 for sumibttal to the F&G . John Shafer
nope . what's the occasion ?
John , this is a short note to let you know where we stand on the 7 mile pipeline construction Rogas Project with respect to environmental permitting and approvals . The following documents and applications have been submitted to the agencies: California fish and game 1603 application Kern County Floodplain Management Agency-encroachment application US COE 404 Nationwide permit- preconstruction notification Reclamation Board- encroachment application Califonia State Fire Marshall-waiver to install aboveground pipeline Office of Pipeline Safety-waiver to Install aboveground pipeline I am checking to see what state requirements there are for SHPO clearances for this project . I would suspect that they would want us to do a field survey prior to construction . It seems that every Califonia state and county agency is a candidate for notification or approval . Ill keep you apprised..... .
John , I have attached the site characteristics for the 4 locations in Az . where Transwestern plans to install the four RB211's . With this information please provide emissions quarantees for each location ( sta . 1-4) . We will use the same gas quality for each location . I have a meeting with the agency on the 26th of Feb . and would greaatly appreciate the guarantees prior to this date . If possible , I am going to try and permit each site for 45 ppm NOx as opposed to the 25 ppm NOx number , so I would appreciate your assistance in this also . Stream: 1 Mainline Mode: ANLY Cycle Start Time: 11:05 Company: Enron Transportation & Storage Component Mole BTU Relative Name Percent Gross Density '*' indicates user-defined components Base Pressures 14.73000 Real Relative Density Gas = 0.5895
John , Lou , Cutty , Bill , I want to bring this issue back up for your attention , as I know that everyone is very busy . During the EPA Title V inspection at the Laguna C/S this past week , Barbara Bernacek , the Laguna environmental person was present . She had been asked to be there by the EPA . During our tour of the facility , she casually asked if any progress or decision had been made by Enron management towards remediation assistance in the groundwater issue at the Laguna C/S . I had informed her that we were still actively discussing this issue and would contact her in the near future concerning management's decision . I would appreciate it very much if each of you would revisit my memo below and then lets discuss what should be done and the approach we should take in addressing the Laguna's concern about a proactive approach to reaching cleanup and closure .
Bill , the baseline noise surveys , which have been completed , were performed by Hoover and Keith out of Houston , Tx . I have a meeting scheduled with the permit engineers from state of Arizona on Monday to discuss the permitting for the two C/S on state lands . Ive dealt with these individuals before , but the ADEQ has gone through some reg changes and I want to visit with them on that . After that meeting , I will decide who should do the applications . I have calls in to the person I deal with in the EPA in San Francisco for the two locations on the Navajo lands . Pending the outcome of each meeting , I will decide who to use . Ive used Argent in the past for both Arizona permits and Indian lands permits , and they would probably be my first choice . I am keeping Mr . Ayers involved in the permitting process and all changes or activities that impact the permits for Arizona . One thing that I shold mention is that I spoke with Phil Lowery about his desires for this project . He has requested that the existing units at each station maintain operations for six months after the turbines have been installed to act as a backup in the event that the turbines temporary fail or to iron out any potential kinks . Based upon the reduction in emissions from the existing mainline units , which will be permitted for a six month period , there will still be an overall major emissions decrease . After the six month period , the existing units will be abandoned in place and not be operated again . Also , my intent is to permit these turbines at 45 ppm NOx as opposed to the lower 25 ppm NOx number to eleminate the problems that were originally encountered on the Northern Border system . If this was a new station , I probably wouldnt be allowed to use the 45 number , but seeing as how there will be a major decrease in emissions from shutting off the recips and using the turbine , this should be easy to do . The differrence in emission between 45 and 25 is not that great and it will allow the facilities in Az a larger range of operation comfort as opposed to the 25 ppm number that Rolls says they can do , but has had trouble reaching . One thing that has complicated the permitting is the elevation and temperature extremes at the locations . By permitting at 45 ppm , this will greatly help this . Ill share the emissions numbers with you , when I receive them from Rolls and the emissions info I have from the existing units . I have spoken to Terry Hacket about doing the F-1 document for the FERC submittal , and have been feeding him data and supporting information for the report . Based upon the scope of work for the turbine installation , the F-1 report will be completed by March 1 . Is there something Ive missed ?
This is a gentle reminder , and Im sure that most are aware , but under no circumstances is there to be any construction activiy initiated for the turbine installation at the four mainline compressor stations , until the air construction permits are issued by the applicable air agency . Construction activity is defined , but is not limited to roads , trenching activity , buildings , electrical poles etc . The state and federal agencies take a very dim view on initiating any attempts to initiate construction prior to approval . This approval is considered to be the air permit authorizing construction of the proposed activity . Your assistance in this compliance issue will be greatly apprecaited . Data generation and agency consultations are now in progress to expidite the permit submittals . Should you need further clarification , give me a call ( 505 ) 625-8022 or via e-mail .
Thanx , George . Please let us know what their initial reaction and evaluation is of the conditions at Sta . 6 . Im interested in what their thoughts are with respect to the remediation of the sandstone fractures and movement of condensate with PCB's. . George Robinson
Rich , thanx for the sampling update . Ill pass it along to the apropriate parties . A cursory look at the data shows it to be inconsistently up and down , as expected , with no glaring increases . Anything urgent we need to discuss ?
I wanted to let everyone know that the meeting between Southwest Gas and SoCal concerning presence of PCBs on the Southwest Gas system will be this tuesday . I had an opportunity to speak with Ralph Komai today during the PCB quarterly management conference call that Transwestern has with SoCal to discuss PCB related invoices . As a brief summary , Southwest has had isolated hits of PCB in liquids ( 232 and 132 ppm ) and in wipe tests ( 10-100 ug/wipe ) in regulators on their system and they have asked Ralph if he would assist them in the management and disposal of PCBs on their system . He wil also be providing thoughts on how and why PCBs move in a gas pipeline . I had asked Ralph not to mention about Transwestern's agreement with SoCal for which Transwestern pays SoCal for 86% of their PCB costs . I had asked him to only focus on the Southwest system . Apparently Southwest is not up to speed with the PCB regualtions , however , enough so that they do realize that the mega rule will impact their operations and Ralph will probably provide input for that as well from an LDC standpoint . I asked Ralph whether Southwest seemed excited or worried about the PCB discovery on their system and he indicated that they were more concerned about compliance with the PCB regulations . Ralph said he will let me know the results of the meeting .
go to page D-6 for the capital loss carryover worksheet .
Mr . Stewart , as per you voice mail request to me on Feb . 20 , 2001 , attached is the correspondance concerning the reqeust to replace the mixing valves with carbuerators at the Northern Natural Gas , Spraberry Plant . The players in this activity included Jon Fields of Argent Consulting . Due to the fact that the pre testing data for the emissions from the mixing valves and the post testing data for emissions from the carbuerators were received in hard copy only , I am not able to provide this as an attachment . This data was , however , sent to you via fed-x on January 24 , 2001 . If needed , I can resubmit the results of the data for your review . As expected , the emissions levels did decrease when the carbs were installed . Please reveiw the attached correspondance concerning the request to replace the mixing valves at the Spraberry Plant ( TNRCC account No . ML-0022-W ) with carbuerators without requiring involvement of a permitting activity . Thank you for your consideration in this issue .
Mr . Stewart , as per your voice mail request on Feb . 20 , 2001 , attached find the correspondance relating to the request of replacing the existing mixing valves with carburetors at the Northern Natural Gas , Spraberry Plant . In this discussion , Jon Fields of Argent Consulting was involved . I have attached for your review the letter requests from Northern to you and the e-mails which were traded back and forth from yourself and Argent . The results of the pre testing emissions with the mixing valves on and the post testing of the emissions with the carburetors on were mailed to you on Jan . 20 , 2001 . The testing results were compiled in hard copy form and are not included with this submittal , but can be resubmitted if requested . Your favorable request in this replacement activity is requested .
Arnold , I think I will pass on the meeting . Please apprise me of anything I may need to know from the meeting . To bring you up to date on the environmental events of the turbine approvals in Arizona , I received the rough draft of the baseline noise survey and you were copied . As discussed , we should address changes to the documents as the contractor has made some obvious conclusions and asumptions which are not valid or representative of what we would like to do or not do . I was contacted by the Navajo Nation and they have requested that we do onsite surveys at the C/S on the reservation ( C/S 3 and 4 ) for T&E plants and animals and archeology . I have contacted a contractor and they will be on site to do the surveys at both stations . I am planning on having the entire C/S facility surveyed at both locations as there has not been a pin point location established as yet for all the construction and ground disturbance which will take place . In the event there might be changes after the survey is completed , surveying the entire facility will keep us from having the new distrubance areas surveyed after the original survey was completed . The F-1 environmental document for the FERC application will be submitted to Donna by this friday . The air permit applications for C/S 1 and 2 have been started . I have a meeting with EPA in San Francisco to discuss permitting the C/S facilities on the reservation on 3/20 . Im going to try and move this meeting up if possible . After the meeting , I should be able to have an application in front of the Navajo air permitting agency and the EPA within a week . Based upon experience with the state of Arizona , EPA and the Navajo Nation , expect permit approval within 5-7 months after submittal of the application .
I was just informed by the Navajo Nation that prior to receiving approval from the agency fo rthe installation of the turbines , an archeology survey is to be performed at each compressor station site . Be advised that an archeologist will be present at sta . 3 on 3/ 9 this friday in the am and at sta . 4 on 3/12 monday also in the am to conduct the required surveys . Please have someone from each team present at each location during the surveys and allow access to the facility by the archeologist . The survey should only last 3-4 hours . Donna , I spoke to the Navajo Nation about expiditing the report submittal once the archeological surveys have been completed and the Nation said that under their current regulations , assuming that there are no cultural resources identified at either location , they are allowed 30 days to review the findings before they are required to issue the final report . She didnt think it would take this long , but said that due to existing surveys back logs , and personnel , it might . Ill keep the pressure on . The Navajo Nation F&W has not returned my call about what they might require . Birds of a feather.. . Ill be persistent here also.......and let you know when I find out something......... .
Byron as per the Red Rock expansion conference call today presented below are the emissions estimates for the auxillary engines at sta . 1-4 . Understand these are not actual emissions , but are emissions based upon potential to emit . When these units were permitted actual testing data was not required , so each unit was permitted based upon an accpeted emissions limit from an EPA approved document . This has worked out in our favor as the emisisons numbers presented in the EPA document were high , therefore , this will allow us to net more emissions , if needed . Emissions are presented for a single engine only in tons per year , even though there are two auxillary units at each facility except Sta . 1 where they only have one auxillary unit . NOx 30.48 CO 121.94 VOC 1.31 NOx 30.48 CO 121.94 VOC 1.31 NOx 35.35 CO 30.40 VOC . 04 NOx 43.46 CO 37.38 VOC . 05
Terry , the entire facility has not been disturbed . Only most of it . Id say approx 70% . The other 30% has been impacted but not tot the point of disturbing all the vegetation , just foot and vehicle traffic . I dont have problem with saying the above , but keep in mind , the facility has been there and just because the trees havent been disturbed , doesnt mean that the understory beneath the trees has been pristine . It has always been Transwetern's policy to maintain an environmetnal presence at all of its locations , especially at sites where there is some aesthetic value ( scenery wildlife etc) . I dont have a problem with including resource reports 3 and 7 for vegetation and soils . I have received a verbal from the US Fish and Wildlife and they agreed with the intent in my letter to them that pipline activites at each location tend to preclude any impacts to sensitive or critical habitats . In addition , the adjacent lands are of the same habitat types as that which are contained within the facility and therefore , would not be an issue of habitat loss . There are not any old TW hands around to positively verify that the site was cleanred and there has been natural encroachment of the trees into the area , I seriously doubt it . Again , TW tried to mantain a postive presence at each site , but did utilize the sites for their intended purpose . In Arizona , we do not have a blanket approval for discharges of hydrostatic testwater . We do however plan to use new pipe and water supplied either from the closest City ( ie Flagstaff for station 2 construction ) or from a drinking well source . In any event , we will test the water prior to discharge and ensure that the discharge will stay on the facility property to soak into the ground . I cant imagine that there will be large volumes of hydro water as we dont plan on installing a large amount of new pipe . If we need to discuss the above , give me a call
I spoke to John Nystedt , the contact person for the Navajo Nation F&W service concerning the need to do endangered plants and animal surveys at the two C/S on reservation lands . I had sent to him the USGS quad sheets of the C/S sites for review . Today he stated that he didnt think surveys would be needed at either location due to the fact that there had been historic disturbance at each location and that there was no sensitive habitiats in or near the C/S sites which would warrant surveys . However , because of the issue of tribal lands , he was going to discuss this issue with the Navajo Nation director and verify his opinion and he would let Transwestern know on Monday of next week as to what the Tribes final decision would be , but he was almost sure that the Trib would recommend no surveys . John has faxed to me the list of approved botonists and boilogists which are approved to do work on the reservation . I have contacted a number of individuals on the list and they are prepared to do the boilogical surveys next week in the unlikely event a survey is required .
I spoke with Ralph Komai , PCB person with SoCal , concerning the SWG meeting about PBCs on the SWG system . As mentioned in the last note , SWG has discovered PCBs and has been sampling to determine extent and movement into their system . SWG receives gas from SoCal and PGE at two separate and independent interconnects . Liquids have been collected at the two interconnects from SoCal at concentrations of <500 and <100 ppm , respectively . They have taken approx . 100 wipe samples and have had "hits" but nothing over 100 ug per wipe . In the meeting , SWG has expressed aggressive interest to SoCal about the installation of filter separators at the SoCal/SWG interconnects . They felt that the installation of separators would greatly benefit the reduction of PCBs into their system . Becasue of this , Ralph stated that SWG would be sending him a proposal for the installation of separators at the two interconnect locations . I gave Ralph Earl Chanleys phone number as he was involved in the separator construction project last summer with PG&E .
Maria , as per your request , please see the attached data: All the below figures were calculated using the 4500 hp factor on the mainline (  TCV-12 Clark )  units the mainline units . Unit 621 is the auxillary engine and runs back up power , if needed . The year 1997 was figured by Kerry Welch who no longer is with us . 1998 , 1999 , and 2000 operating hours and fuel use numbers were calculated using the spread sheet that was provided by our mechanical analyst . The total throughput on condensate has been (  0 gallons )  for 1997 , 1998 , 1999 , and 2000 . This is due to the fact that our narutal gas supply changed in 1997 to a more dry natural gas and therefore , there was no liquids associated with the gas . Again I apologize the inconsistency in the data . We have had employee turnovers at the facility and different spreadsheets were used to provide the information to the EPA . We are in the process of standardizing our data collections to eleminate this problem in the future . I hope this information will help in the permit review process . Again please accept my apologizes in the data collection errors .
Thanx John , for the attachment . How did the presentation go ?
John , Bill this is the latest on the environmental issues for the turbines in Arizona . The arch surveys at stations 3 and 4 on the Navajo reservation have been completed and nothing reportable was found or identified . Each contractor is now preparing their reports and hopefully , will have them submitted to their mgt . for review in a couple of days and then issued to The Forest Service has given us permission to do the arch survey for station 2 on Monday . The arch survey for station 1 is scheduled for Tuesday . Preliminary quotes for the surveys are $4-5000.00 for both sites . The original word from them was 7-10 prior to giving approval . This was definatley a plus . Still no word on where the turbine buildings are to be located and what turbine equipment is to be installed at each facility . GE or Rolls Royce . Additionally , confirmed decisions have not been made as to what auxillary power will be installed at each location ( wind , natural gas , diesel) .
I received a call from the consultant who performed the archeology survey at stations 1 and 2 . Based upon the plot plan provided by construction , the archeology discovery at station 1 does not occur within the area of proposed impact , even though part of the discovery is within the facility fence . The report recommendation to the SHPO by the archeologist will be that during construction activities in this area , an archeologist be onsite to monitor and ensure that the site is not impacted . They will also recommend that we fence the discovery area within our facility to ensure that future pipeline activities will not disrupt the site . I have asked that two reports be prepared for each site . One report for each station covering the construction areas and the other reports to include the entire 40 acres at each compressor station . All four reports will be submitted to Bret Fritch in Omaha on Monday , the 26th of March .
9214 Sanford
The Title V air permit applications for C/S's 3 and 4 were submitted to Region IX EPA in San Francisco . These were the last two applications to be filed for the Redrock Mainline Exspansion project in Arizona . Assistance was given to all field teams in Arizona in the preparation and submittal of the required annual complaince certifications required under each facilities Title V Operating Permit . 2000 emissions inventories were submitted to the TNRCC for the eleven C/S in the Midland Region . A revised APEN was submitted to the state of Colorado for the forthcoming power turbine unit replacement to be conducted at the LaPlata C/S .
1414 South Dairy Ashford #515
password megan1
Guys , look at the attached draft of a letter I plan on sending to the Laguna pueblo regarding Transwestern efforts to date of finding new technologies to address and remove PCB contamination from the groundwater at the facility . You may remember , we had a meeting in January to hear the Laguna's concerns that Transwestern was not moving fast enough to clean up the site . This letter addresses our attempts to find a solution to the PCB problem , and that remediation technologies are not presently available to operate effectively at the site given the sites unique characterisstics . Id like to send this out on Friday or Monday .
David , nice touch with the NC . I sure John will have some ideas on how to best to get this thing going after the NC gets back with you . Ill leave it up to Mr . Shafer as to his preference to have dinner with Mr . Smith during our June tour of the C/S facilities . Good to hear that the team has bought in on supporting the NC by participation . If you want me to , I can put on a little presentation to the other 2 teams in Arizona and see if we can get their support and participation also . Let me know and we can do this at one of their safety meetings...... . David Roensch
Kermit Team , I received a letter from the TNRCC concerning emissions fees that have not been paid for a facility called the "Hendrick/Wink Tank Farm" . The letter was addressed to a Mr . Paul Newman of EOTT . The letter stated that we may owe emissions fees for the facility . My question is , do you have such a facility in your team area , and what does it comprise ? ie..number and size of tanks , throughput in 2000 . The TNRCC letter was dated March 28 , 2001 and we are required to provide information to them within 30 days . I just received the letter today . HELP! ! I need something from you by this afternoon or tomorrow at the latest .
Kermit Team , I really need your assistance on this . I received a notice from the TNRCC about the above facility . Apparently , the emissions fees for the facility have not been paid for 2000 . In light of this , does this facility exist in your area of responsibility ? Please let me know . If so , I need the follwoing information ASAP to aviod an NOV for the facility . Size of each tank height and capacity Number of tanks Color of tank(s ) and roof(s ) fixed or floating roof if floating , internal or external primary or secondary seals how is tank loaded and or unloaded ie trucks , pipeline etc.. . Relative vapor pressure if known monthly throughput maximum fill rate of tank how long does it take to fill tank
Alison , have you found out anything about the above referenced ? The deadline for submitting the FY 2001 emissions fee is April 30 . The TNRCC can levee a fine on the facility if we dont provide them with some informaiton pretty fast . Your assistance in this will be appreciated .
Alison , better send me what you have via fed-x or fax ( 505 ) 627-8172 . I have spoken to Bill about this . We need to send a check to the agency to cover ourselves prior to the April 30 deadline . I beleive that EOTT is responsible for paying the fee . I have left a message with Larry Fensted and his associate Ruth Ann and expressed the need for the $416.00 check by 4/1 .
I am sending this notification to your department to seek a solution of halting and stopping inappropriate e mail materials which I am receiving . I have been requested by Louis Soldano , Enron attorney for the Gas Pipeline Group , to apprise you of this situation . The content of materials received , I consider offensive , and am sure it would also be considered objectionable and innappropriate by the standards of Enron Corporation . Please be advised , that many times it is difficult to screen this material based upon the headings and titles that accompany the contents . Consequently , innappropriate materials such as this are opened . I have accidently opened two such e mails by mistake and have received the "Enron warning" that my name and mailbox will be or may be audited in the future and that my name has been placed in a file . Because of this , I am extremely uncomfortable about future accidents occuring and more importantly , about the increased frequency and accessability of my e mail box to trash and questionable materials . I would appreciate your immediate attention in this matter . Thank you very much .
Randy , this is a short summary of the environmental findings that were identified during the records review conducted at the Corpus Christi Koch facility offices on May 1st and 2nd of this year . All environmental records which were available in the file data room at the Koch office were reviewed . Assumptions were made that the environmental records were complete for all assets included in the sale . Primary emphasis was placed on those environmental issues which are normally associated with a sale or purchase of assets dealing with distribution and transmission of crude oil . In particular , pipeline and tank farms were the most critical assets which were reviewed . Based upon the data review , the Koch assets were in compliance with the following: Air permitting , permit by rule , standard expemtions , recordkeeping and fee payments were documented NSPS recordkeeping and inspections for VOC control on large crude oil tanks were documented Oil Pollution Act-OPA 90 plans had been prepared and were up to date SARA compliance and reporting had been completed SPCC plans had been prepared for each site which qualified under 40 CFR 112 Spill reporting history and notifications to the state agency were available for review There are ongoing groundwater and soil remediation activities at one site included in the asset for sale ( permits for the remediation activity is in place ) Hazardous waste notifications , annual reportings and fee payments were documented Based upon the above review , there were no issues which could be identified which would be condsidered a major environmental limitation or would be a considered a major environmental liability . This statement is again based upon the assumption that all environmental information was present in the data room for the assets in question . It should also be stated that this analysis of Koch's environmental compliance is based upon the fact that Koch has not held back or provided false or misleading information or knowledge during their presentation or informaiton contained in the facility files . Pending further development and interest of this potential purchase , a recommendation is made to conduct a phase I due diligence and site visit to each location to verify findings from the records review . Also , due to the past history of Koch's operating practices , it is recommended that contract conditions be implicitly stated that EOTT will not be held liable for discoveries of past deficiencies or releases of contamination which have occurred on any of the Koch assets purchased .
On behalf of EOTT , an environmental records review was completed for a block of Koch crude oil pipeline assets located in south Texas . There were no issues or environmental deficiencies identified during the review . A due diligence was recommended to verify confirmation of the housekeeping activities presented in the records review . The air permit modification for the La Plata C/S was received from the state of Colorado . This modification allows for additional emissions and fuel use as a result of a change in gas quality supplies in the San Juan basin .
Shudeish , the buildings and stack heights for each of the Flagstaff And Kingman Compressor Stations are presented below . Building and stack demensions ( in feet) , are as follows: FLAGSTAFF length width height Port a Camp 40 10 10 Let me know if you need anything else.... .
Randy , based upon the records review , this is the only issue that may be aproblem . If a tank has been moved to another location , it would trigger requirements which were enacted on the date of the relocation . For instancif a tank constructed prior to 1973 was moved in 1978 , there would be emissions control requirements placed on the tank as required by the 1978tank regulations . If the tank had remained at its original location , it would be grandfathered with respect to emissions . However , because the tanwas relocated , it is looked upon as being a tank constructed in 1978 and subject to the 1978 regulations and is no longer grandfathered . I was not given this information during the records review , so I dont know if any of the tanks apply . If any of the tanks fit into the above scenerio,EOTT or Koch will be looking at some major $$$$$ to bring any subject tankinto compliance . Generally speaking , the regualtions and costs to complyincrease as a function of date . 1 . Q . Of the tanks listed on the spreadsheet , have any of the tanks been relocated from its original construction locations ? List the tank , date moved and location moved to . A . Benevides Station Tank 6125 and Mirando Station Tank 28591 were relocatto those stations . Three Rivers Tanks 28508 and 28100 were relocated andre-erected at that station . Duval Station Tank 28052 and Mirando Station28045 were relocated and re-erected at those stations prior to Koch,sacquisition of those assets .
Arnold , I have attached a spreadsheet showing what information I need to complete the air permit applications . I have set the Flagstaff site as the model , due to its elevation and temperature which is the worst case site . Let me know if there are any problems with the attached data request .
Scott , I have sent out twice a request to each of the field teams in the Midland Region to provide some desperately needed tank information to determine compliance for all the EOTT crude oil tanks in the Midland area . So far , only the Midland , Lovington , Kermit , Andrews , Hobbs and Jal teams have responded . I would appreciate your assistance in motivating the remaining seven teams to get this information to me at their earliest convenience . I have attached the most recent update of the tank spreadsheet for you to pass on to the teams . Thanks for the help .
Hazardous waste fees were submitted to the state of Arizona . Emissions fees were submitted to the state of New Mexico For C/S's 7,8,9 , Atoka No . 3 and Bloomfield . Submitted to the state of Texas an admisistraitve revision for the "like for like" replacement of an IC engine at Irion Co . No . 1 C/S . To meet the requirements of 2 gms for NOx , a catalytic converter has been installed on the replacement unit . Submitted to the state of New Mexico notification of a "like for like" replacement of an I/C engine at Atoka No . 2 C/S . A revised Title V application was submitted to Region VI , EPA for C/S No . 6 , Laguna . The emissions inventory for the TW Keystone C/S was submitted to the state of Texas . The spreadsheet development for the EOTT tanks in the Midland Region has slowed down . Six of 13 teams have responded with tank information . A request was made to Scott Clark , Regional Director , to assist in notifying the teams of the importance of submitting this data .
Louie/Ed I know you guys are busy , but because of the emphasis Enron places on ensuring that action items from consolidated audits are completed prior to the action item completion date , I really need to know how Scott and I are to proceed on the subsurface drilling activities for potential contamination at the Bakersfield Fractionator . The scheduled completion date for six of the items is 6/30 . I understand the there is an issue concerning Koch's individual and shared responsibility for some of the issues identified during the audit . Rich Jolly has contacted me asking me when the drilling will begin , as he does not want to see us exceed the 6/30 date and have the items show up as deliquent in his region . Whatever you can do to assist us in either initiating the investigations or placing a hold on the drilling would be greatly appreciated .
Ed , I would appreciate it very much if you would review the action item list from Scott Jones and choose which items are Koch's responsibility and which items belong to EOTT , and let Scott and I know . Ill contact Scott and have him send you the action item list for your review . As I had previously mentioned , Scott and I have until 6/30 to complete the subsurface investigations and knowing which items are EOTT's and which are Koch's would greatly help us . As Scott's server is down , Ill phone him and have him send you the action item list . Again Thanks very much .
Under the regulations of the state of Arizona , facilities which have a pollution prevention plan ( sta.1 , sta . 2 and Needles ) are required to have an annual training to evaluate pollution prevention activiies . I have scheduled with the above three facilities to have pollution training on the following dates: Kingman team June 21 Flagstaff team June 22 This training is to be completed by July 1 of every year . This training will last for approximately 2-3 hours . Employees that works at any of the three facilities are required to be present for the training . Your participation in this will be greatly appreciated .
Lorraine , Ill give you a call this afternoon . By the way , did they test the liquids for PCBs ? I havent heard from the Gallup team on whether they have gone and checked for collected liquids at their I/C's . Rick , can youcheck on this for me ?
Louie , after the presentation MIchael gave , there were some issues about the data and predictions ie. , like how much solvent do we really need to clean the pipeline and the injection intervals and locations , but not whether the solvent or technology would or would not work . The data did show that terpenoline does remove PCB's from pipeline . But because Penn State was so deeply involved in the modeling study , and we were still under the PG&E thumb , it appeared to be in the best interest of TW to see it to the end . There wasnt anyone who had any better suggestions or ideas . The thought was that because of the amount of $$$$$$ we had previously spent , not to see it through would have meant 0 return for the money we had invested . And if it works , the money would have been wisely used . The real truth of course is when we do a trial run . I signed a six month extension to the contract for Penn State ( I sent out a memo on this ) but not for additional $$$$$$ . They needed the extra time to complete the modeling study and data evaluation . Last summer/fall , Tiny had been overseeing the operational side of this ( ie terpenoline storage locations and coordinating injection points and the pigging activities) . When the decision is made to begin the injections and pigging , Tiny will be ready and waiting..... .
i do not know this person . i think you have the wrong larry campbell .
i do not know this person . i think you have the wrong larry campbell .
your resume is good enough b/c i gave it directly to the hiring people .
your resume is good enough b/c i gave it directly to the hiring people .
Bill you may want to sit in on this if you have time . It seems we have items of concern that were identified during the consolidated audit at Bakersfield which were tied into a previous agreement with Koch for which the action team did not know when the action items were prepared . The action dates are approaching and Scott and I are having a hard time getting clearification on how to initiate getting the the action items started due to the responsibility of Koch for some of the items . Ed , the attorney for EOTT , will be requested by Lou , to notify Koch concerning their responsiblity . If this sounds convoluted , then you know as much as I.... .
Laguna and or Moutainair team , because I dont know which team is responsible for the Belen delivery point , would someone check on liquids at this location and if present , collect a sample and have it analyzed for PCB's ? We're required to do this by the contract . If no liquids are present , drop Lorraine and or myself a message stating such . Thanx
Don Baughman and Juan Hernandez . If the listing you saw says Edwin Coulter , he no longer is part of the group .
Bill , any delays on this project are NOT from the env . matrix . I received the matrix from the team sometime last week ( tuesday -thursday ) when I was out of town on business . When I came back on friday , I completed the matrix and sent it back to the team . Any delays on this issue are from the team , not from me . As I remember the project , it involved work on the right of way and therefore was covered by the blankets we have for SHPO and F&W . There were no project delays in terms of permits or approvals..... .
After reveiwing the documents entitled , "Baseline Environmental Investigation of Arco North Coles Levee Plant 8 , Rogas Loading Facility and Associated Natural Gas Pipeline Systems Kern County , California" and "Report of Preliminary Asessment Sampling North Coles Levee Gas Plant Loading Rack Area Tupman , California" , it appears that the following areas should be investigated further to detemine horizontal and vertical extent of identified contamination from the above referenced reports: Tank 15 area- total petroleum hydrocarbons Glycol reboiler area- total petroleum hydrocarbons Hot oil heater area- total petroleum hydrocarbons Wash rack area- lead Propane comp . area lead total petroleum hydrocarbons Cooling tower area- chromates Compressor area- BTEX lead In the "Baseline Environmental Investigation" report , sampling was only conducted to an approximate depth of 2.5' . I am not comfortable with basing decisions for further investigations on such a shallow depth , in leau of the fact that many times water soluble constituents may horizonatlly move vertically from surface shallow depths into the lower subsurface areas . This is indeed the case for chromates . I based my recommendations for metal concentrations on the federal RCRA Subtitle C hazardous waste target levels for metals and evaluated the TPH and BTEX levels with the underground storage tank guidlines for California . There were references to a 1989 document in the "Baseline" report for specific parameters , but there may have been an update to target contamination level requirements since that date and therefore , I used 10,000 ppm which is a general action level for most states for total petroleum hydrocarbons . Again , I did not evaluate the mercury or the loading rack issues . One last issue . As you know , identification of contamination is usually accomplished by sight observations of visible contamination , knowledge of processes and or history . Report results of the surface contamination do not show there to be an immediate environmental concern . Due to the age of the facility , there may be concerns which were not identified in the reports . However , based upon the locations of the preliminary samplings which were conducted throughout the facility , it appears that the information presented in the reports would be adequate to address suspected contamination at the facility .
I spoke with Ken Jacobs , with the Forest Service in Flagstaff , concerning his agencies approval for the turbine construction at Station 2 . As a condition of the approval from his agency , he has requested that all the ponderosa pine trees to be removed for the turbine construction activities be flagged for identification . After the trees have been marked , we are to then contact him so that he can visit the site and make an evaluation as to whether the Forest Service will charge us for the tree removal or whether no additional charges will be incurred as a result of the construction activity . The charges will depend upon the calculation of how many board feet of lumber there are in the trees which are flagged . As this activity is included in the time line for completion of all permits and approvals , please contact me when the trees have been tagged and flagged and I will contact Ken Jacobs so that he can make a site visit .
Byron/Tiny , I spoke to Ken Jacobs with the Forest Service and have attached his e mail below concerning the Forest Sevice's choice for the building . I have informed him that our new piping and ancillary equipment will remain white which is consistent with the existing equipment . He had no problems with this . I also had asked him if there was a name for the brown which the FS uses on their signs and he did not know of a specific name , so I think the best thing would be to match as closely as possible . The Forest Service would like the new Compressor Building to be painted dark brown . The color should be close to the color that we use for our signs . Call me at 520-214-2464 if you would like to discuss this . Ken Jacobs Lands Staff Officer Ranger District Coconino National Forest
Michael , I will be discussing with John and others in the near future about the status of the study . When will your progress report be ready for review ? It might be a good idea to let us review your report and then we can make comments and recommendations based upon your findings . Im glad that things are going well with your data and that we may be able to apply something positive towards our situation . Thanks for getting back with me .
Bob , James , Roger , Im having a hard time getting a response from the teams in the Midland Region in completing the attached EOTT tank spreadsheet . Ive heard from some of the teams but nothing from others . Im under the gun as to finding out where the MIdland Region is in term of permits and and environmental compliance and the only way I can begin to make the evaluation is to have the field data inputed onto the spreadsheet . This is where the teams assistance is required . I have attached the latest version of the spreadsheet in the hope that you will deliver it to the following teams for their valued input: Monahans Team Hamlin/Haskel Team Lamesa Team Big Lake Team Midland Team Eunice Team Your assistance in this will be greatly appreciated .
i fixed it . until further notice PJM to NY deals will have a trans . id of 5062820,5064308,or 5064505 . NY to PJM trans id is 5042199 .
try to get it done by tommorow .
send me the resume
For the 100mw , use 622332 . For the 622285 , use 5062820
I changed enpower .
its in . 626911
Randy , I need your assistance with something . Im trying to determine compliance for all the EOTT crude oil storage tanks in the Midland Region . Bill told me that you have a spreadsheet of the EOTT tanks showing some of the tank characteristics ( size , storage , date of installation , state etc) . Whatever you have , I would greatly appreciate your shaing it with me . E mail works best for me . Thanks again . If you send this to me , I promise to let you out fish me like you did in Minnesota a couple of years ago...... .
I need the 14,15,21 & 22 off .
The mws are accepted on their website . You might have to dispute this .
I just put it in .
it's in there . 642595
Entered .
Ivan , the reason that you're having such a hard time making contact , is because the Foundation is going through some changes in their management . They are having a big pow-wow this week to get things straightened out . The new CEO will be a person named Ron Marcoux , and I will be speaking with him next week . In the interim , I have been working out some issues with the New Mexico/Texas Director and am scheduled to meet with the Arizona Director in a couple of weeks . Its pretty exciting to see the support from others in Enron . Based upon initial contacts with the Missoula headquarters and regional directors , habitat conservation efforts are where the Foundation is placing a large part of its emphasis . Ill keep you apprised of the partnership and how others can get involved after my discussions with the Foundations new CEO....... .
Eunice team , The NNG Eunice C/S is required to prepare and submit the semi annual and annual reports required by the facilities Title V Operating Permit which was issued by the State of New Mexico . The reports are required to be submitted to the state of New Mexico and the EPA by July 19 , 2001 . These reports are required even though the facility is not in operation . If you would like assistance in the preparation and submittal of each document , give me a call and we can set up a time to meet at the C/S to do each report . This should take about half a day .
WHICH HR IS DIFFERENT ?
John , I just spoke with Dan Walker , Vice President of Development for the Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation about Enron's initiative for a corporation partnership . After we had discussed our interest and desire and what opportunities are available with the Foundation for Enron , Dan stated that will be visiting with the Foundation's CEO next week and one of the issues to be discussed will be development of an MOU or Agreement between Enron and the RMEF . Looks like things are beginning to progress . Im having quite a bit of interest from some of the Houston based Enron employees about how they can get involved . Any suggestions on how I can "advertise" opportunities within the Corporation for employee involvement with the RMEF ?
i'll change it in enpower
I just found out the group is fully staffed . Going forward , they would only consider applicants with heavy experience .
u have my permission to change it
going forward , go by the settlement report
I received a phone call from Frank Van Ryn of Koch , concerning the letter that was sent to him on 6/19 . Frank has stated that Koch will be contacting Arco concerning the two contamination issues . Apparently Koch has been indemnified by Arco for the mercury issue and possibly the hydrocabon issue at well . In any event , Frank said that he would be getting back with me in a couple of weeks to present a plan and initiate the cleanup , but wanted to discuss the issue with Arco . I will keep everyone apprised on the progress .
I dont know if you guys are doing this , but a requirement to your air permit states that the facility is to report the number of hours of operation each year to the Air Quality Bureau for the Catepillar generator . The report is to be submitted by January 31st of each year . If we need to discuss this , give me a call .
i'm in for the night stuff . just tell me when and where .
i changed it
The annual pollution prevention plans were completed and submitted to the State of Arizona . These plans are requried for the three large quantity generators of hazardous waste in Arizona . Annual hazardous waste fees were paid and submitted to the State of New Mexico for four facilities in New Mexico . A conference call was held with Houston Legal and Environmetnal Affairs to discuss the alleged NOV issued for the P-1 C/S which involved a turbine like for like replacement activity . Data has begun to be collected to substantiate Transwestern's position concerning the proposed action by the State of New Mexico . A field trip was made to the Air Quality Bureau to copy all files relevant to the P-1 C/S and will be delivered to the contract attorney who will be assisting Transwestern with this issue . Copies of the New Mexico EOTT air permits were received . Comparisons will be made with the nearly completed EOTT tank database spreadsheet to determine status of permit compliance with each air permit .
Kim , please give me a call at ( 505 ) 625-8022 concerning the above . Im trying to generate employee interest in the RMEF and need some help . Ive gotten some positive requests and involvement from some employees about the Foundation , but would like to open it up to others in Enron .
Be advised that there will be a meeting on Thursday 11:00 am August 23 at the NNG Turbine station , south of Kermit Tx . to complete and submit annual certification reports which are required by the following Title V permitted facilities: Seminole Brownfield Plainview Irion Co . No . 1 Reagan Co . 2 Walton Keystone Kermit Turbine Should a team decide not to attend this meeting , be advised that the required submittal date for the annual certifications for the state of Texas is September 8 , 2001 . It will be your teams responsibility to ensure that the certifications are submitted prior to the 9/8/01 deadline should you decide not to attend the August 23 meeting .
Participated in the compliation and submittal of the Title V semi annual monitoring and annual certification reports for the NNG Eunice C/S . Data gathering and correspondance continues with the third party lawyer for the NOV issue at the P-1 C/S . This involved a like for like replacement of a turbine in New Mexico . Annual blanket renewal requests were submitted to the Texas SHPO and the Arizona F&W . A permit be rule has been submitted to the TNRCC for the like for like I/C engine replacement at the NNG Reagan Co 2 C/S . The EOTT tank database is 90% complete . Field verification with each team will begin to determine compliance with recordkeeping , fees , NSPS and air permit status . Air permits for the EOTT facilities in New Mexico were copied from the agencies records . Compliance status will be determined for these facilities also .
John some quick thoughts on agenda items for the meeting with PG&E: 1 . Status of the mini filter separator installations at PG&E interconnect/delivery/receipt points ? Future thoughts/plans for additional separator installations . 2 . PG&E customer attitudes about potential PCB introduced into their equipment . Any new customers with positive hits of PCBs ? 3 . Internal sampling activities . How far have PCB's spread into the PG&E system . ( wipe tests results versus liquids collections) . A map would be nice depicting this . 4 . Transwestern continues to be pretty much dry on mainline and extremely dry on the Topock lateral . Maybe we should have a little presentation showing liquids collected in the last year on the mainline and Topock lateral . Our commitment to keeping the PCBs as immobile as possible . 5 . We might consider sharing what we've learned from our PCB modeling study with Penn State and what our future plans are . Another Tranwestern effort to show our commitment . John , if we plan on opening up our separator , has a decision been made to decon it or just clean out the hydrocarbon buildup and replace the filters . If we do decide to decon our separator and or theirs , we will need to line out a contractor to be onsite when we blow down the systems . Id like to discuss possibly not using Vector for this type of routene activity any longer . There is a company in Farmington , NM ( Riley ) that can probably do the job . As you know , this decon work is not rocket science and Vector is $$$$$$$ , although they do a good job . Chew on these and if I think of any other additional topics , Ill send them your way.....By the way , Earl Chanley is now in Roswell . FYI in case you plan on asking him to attend the meeting....... .
In the final phase of developing and determining environmental compliance for the EOTT crude oil tanks in the Midland Region , I have planned a one day site visit on the following days to visit each team location to finalize the spreadsheet for EOTT crude oil tank environmental compliance: Hobbs team August 6 8:00 am Lovington team August 7 8:00 am Jal team August 8 8:00 am Eunice team August 9 8:00 am I would appreciate one member from each team be available at the team office on the assigned day and time to discuss tank history and possibly visit each tank farm within the teams area of responsibility . Your patience and assistance in finalizing this information will be greatly appreciated . If a conflict arises , give me a call at ( 505 ) 625-8022 .
Travis , Count me in on Cozumel .
I received from the TNRCC an NOV letter for the above facility for failure to submit an emissions inventory for 2000 . This notification from the agency originally came to Rick Loveless by way of Wayne Brunette . I called the TNRCC and spoke to Kevin Cauble concerning the NOV and he pulled the emissions inventory submitted in 1999 for the facility . Because VOC's are the issue , I asked him what the emissions were for VOC's on the 1999 inventory . Kevin stated that the inventory showed VOC emissions of 19.50 tons/yr actuals and 33.56 tons/yr potentials . We discussed why EOTT would submit an inventory as it is not a major source and not required to . The only thing we could come up with is that EOTT may have anticipated an increase in throughput at this site and therefore , wanted to ensure that this facility was shown as a title V source . According to the phone records from the TNRCC for this facility , Craig Willoughby of Entrix had requested that the faciltiy be kept on the list of facilities required to do inventories . I have a call into EOTT to determine whether increased throughput is proposed for this facility in the near future . In speaking with Kevin , he suggested that if a determination is made that if there is to be an increased throughput that wont exceed the 100 ton/yr limit on VOC's , or that throughput conditions remain approximately consistent with previous years , EOTT should provide written notification to the agency that this facility does not meet the applicability requirements of 101.10 ( emissions inventory requirements ) and request that this facility be removed from the TNRCC mailings . Should EOTT confirm the status of operating throughput to be below the 100 ton/yr VOC emissions limit , I will make make written notification to the TNRCC requesting removal from the list .
John , I was just thinking that if this deconning becomes a routene activity for us and PG&E , we might want to consider breaking in a company that is less expensive , can more quickly mobilize and get the same quality work product . Vector , has to travel from Ohio . Deconning the separators becomes an internal washing job of the vessel . I will discuss this with Tiny about possibly using someone else . Tiny , do you think Riley would be interested in tackling this issue for us and PG&E ? As you know , they do not have a deconning permit from the EPA , but with the new PCB rules in place , a permit is not necessary anymore to do deconning activities . How do you think PG&E will respond to us possibly using another contractor other than Vector for the work . I suppose we can bring this issue up in Flagstaff . Mums the word on the PCB modeling issue , John . Thanks for your guidance and thoughts .
A meeting was held with the third party attorney who is providing assistance with the recently issued NOV for the P-1 C/S over a like for like turbine exchange which occurred in 1996 . A history was given of the incidents which led up to the NOV being issued and results of the meeting which Transwestern had with the AQB in 1996 which lead Transwestern to believe that issue had been resolved . The calendar year 2000 PCB annual document logs were prepared and submitted to each generator of PCBs on the Transwestern system . Training was given to the Midland Region over the correct completion and submittal of forms used to report natural gas releases to the TNRCC . The agency has updated and has become more stringent with respect to Regional requirements for the reportable releases which are submitted to them . An incomplete form submittal by a compressor station facility near MIdland led to this emergency training being given . Based upon a phone call with Region 7 of the TNRCC , the agency stated that they will be issuing NOV's to facilities that submit incomplete "Upset/Maintenance NOtification Forms for Reportable Events" .
A newly revised rule ( Subpart HH ) has just been implemented by the EPA concerning curde oil tanks with a daily throughput of equal to or greater than 500 bbls . per day . If there is any tank within your teams area of responsiblity which equals or exceeds the 500 bbls . per day throughput criteria , please provide to me the following: tank name/serial number tank size average daily throughput Thanks for your help in this matter... .
I just spoke to the state of Arizona concerning the tree removal at Station 2 . Their response to our request to remove the trees has been APPROVED , provided that this is the only pre activity we do prior to receiving the air permit . This means that no other construction or preparation activities can be performed or conducted untill the air permit has been issued . This approval also includes stump removal if need be..... .
As you may know , we are at the end of our grace period for not being required to do monthly sampling for the public water systems at sta . 3,4 and 5 . Jeff Lobstein has been requested to do the monthly drinking water sample collections at each of the three compressor station and has three months completed . This memo is a reminder that each location is again required to send their drinking water analytical reports to the following agencies on a monthly basis as the analytical results are received at each compressor station . Stations 3 and 4: each months reports are to be sent to the following 2 agencies: Navajo Nation EPA Window Rock , AZ 86515 Atten: Yolanda Barney Program Manager US EPA Region IX 75 Hawthorne Street San Francisco , CA 94105 Atten: Danny Collier ( WTR-6 ) Station 5: your water sample reports are to be sent to the Navajo Nation EPA in Window Rock , AZ , only . In speaking with Charlie , he has indicated that he will be handling the reporting for Station 4 also . I have contacted Nortest in Flagstaff ( 520 ) 774-2312 , which is the lab selected to do the testing to send station 3 reports to station 3 and station 4 and 5 reports to station 5 . The Navajo Nation has been given primacy and will be taking over the drinking water program for the Navajo Nation in November of this year . Expect some changes in reporting . Youmay want to use MCS as a monthly reminder for the submittal of the reports . Questions , give me a call 505 625-8022. .
please remove from list . thank you .
The Air Quality Bureau conducted an agency inspection of C/S's 7 Mountainair and 8 Corona . There were no deficiencies or items of concern identified by the inspector . Facility records were copied from the Air Quality Bureas files in Santa Fe for the P-1 C/S . The excess emissions semiannual report as required under NSPS for turbines was submitted for the Bloomfield C/S . A custom fuel monitoring schedule reqeust was submitted to Region VI EPA for the NNG Plains turbine C/S . Emissions fees were submitted for Laguna C/S . A meeting will be held with the vice president of development for the Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation to begin preparation of a MOU between Enron and the Foundation . The meeting will be held in Albuq . during the 1st or 3rd week in August .
Advisors , presented below is a memo from GPG Houston requesting that we provide to them the number of ETS employees in each team who have taken advantage of the one year free membership with The Nature Conservancy . Apparently there is some concern that employees are not taking advantage of the opportunity which has been provided for them to get involved with an organization that has some benefit towards wildlife and habitat preservation and enhancement . Should an employee desire to sign up for the one year free memebership , the Conservancy the web address is www.tnc.org . You can click the button that says "Become a member" and sign up for the annual membership at that time . At the request of Mr . John Shafer , please provide to me a total by team of the number of individuals which have signed up with the Nature Conservancy by the end of the month . Your assistance in this is greatly appreciated
i agree .
who r u ? r u a friend of Chi's ?
you can reach me on my cell phone from now on . 713.628.0674 . call me . i lost all your phone numbers .
no problems . i enjoyed the game .
Kevin , I apologize for not getting back to you sooner as I have been out of touch for the last week . I read John's message to you and agree with him that we should develop a formal plan to address how we will generate public support and address any future environmental concerns before they jump up and bite us . As you may know , Flagstaff is one of those areas where there is much environmental support to keep the area as pristine as possible and there does exist a number of environmental groups which use this as their agenda to keep development to a minimum . I will forward to you a memo from David Roensch , team advisor in the Flagstaff area , of an article he found providing the active participation of the environmental groups in the Flagstaff area . Ive done some cusory inquiries as to land status and have polled the Bureau of Land Management , State of Arizona , State Historic Preservation Office and the Forest Service which is the major landowner between Flagstaff and Phoenix . I have not heard back from all of agencies as yet , but will let you know if there are any glaring environmental concerns or if there appears to be trouble on the horizon . John and I have briefly traded thoughts on this project and we would like to take a more proactive approach "up front" with regard to public participation and input prior to breaking ground . Its hard to deal with public issues when construction is underway . As for the $$$$$ for the environmental studies , you are correct in assuming that the existing portion of the project from Bloomfield to Flagstaff will require very little capital , as long as we limit and ensure our construction activities to the existing right of way . Proceeding south from Flagstaff to Phoenix is where the initial expenditures will be the greatest . Once the pipeline corridor is identified and staked , surveys will need to be completed for the following: threatened and endangered plants and animals , archeology surveys for bones , artifacts , relics etc , noise surveys should this portion of the project require installation of horsepower . The FERC will require an EIS ( environmental impact statement ) and environmental report to be conducted . These activities include not only the environemntal issues but also things like socioeconomics , land use soils , geology etc . Past consttruction projects has shown that third party involvement with this greatly expidites the process ( John has eluded to this previously) . Due to the rough terrain and topography of the land south of Station 2 into Phoenix makes this project extremely hard to give an approximate dollar amount for the environmental baseline surveys and permits to be completed as the entire proposed right of way ( 140 miles ) from station 2 into Phoenix will need to be walked and surveyed by several people . I would rather wait until we can identify on a map the corridor route and send out proposals for each of the surveys to be performed on the pipeline prior to giving a $$$$ figure . However , because you need something for a preliminary budget estimate , I would recommend an amount of $70,000 to 90,000 for the baseline environmental work and this might be a little light , in the event the surveys identify something.......please dont hold me too close to this number as it is a WAG contingent upon a number of variables that are relatively unclear at this time . Having the pipeline corridor identified on a map will greatly assist in the environmental budgeting for this project .
Kevin , as promised , attached is the information that was found by David Roensch on environemntal perspectives in the Flagstaff area..... .
George , Dave Cobrain of the NMED has verbally approved of the soil characterization work plan which you submitted to him for review and has said that we can begin work as soon as the plan is approved by the OCD . I have not heard from Bill Olson of the OCD yet . Dave was going to inform the OCD that their office has given approval of the plan and that this might expidite Bill's review process . Ill let you know when I hear from the OCD .
Today I spoke with Jean Calhoun of the Arizona Chapter of The Nature Conservancy about the proposed Sundevil Pipeline Construction Project . She was very cordial and appreciative concerning Transwestern's proactive efforts to contact not only her office but all federal and state agencies which may have jurisdictional lands impacted by the project . Although the proposed route of the pipeline corridor has not been firmly established , she did offer some general , yet valuable information concerning the geographic area which exists south of Flagstaff into roughly northern Phoenix . The area south of Flagstaff into Phoenix crosses of three major ecological regions identified by the TNC with major biological diversity of plants and animals . The TNC has completed published studies on two of the regions . The TNC has requested that should this project be apporved , these publications be used to assist in the environmental studies which will need to be completed prior to construction and approval by FERC . To the south and east of Flagstaff is a sensitive portfolio consisting of the Verde River which is of ecologic interest due to the abundance of endangered fish and bird species which live in and around the area of the River . This river could be impacted by the pipeline due to its meandering in a southwesterly direction across Arizona . I have contacted other state and federal governmental agencies , in addition to the TNC , and all parties have expressed difficulity in assessing the environmental impact of a project of this magnitude without knowing the pipeline corridor route . Part of this concern is due to the extensive and unique biological diversity of Arizona . I think we will have a better handle on how we address the environmental concerns and opportunities when this piece of the puzzle is completed and also how much more specific and helpful the agencies assistance will be when identified areas are known .
he's adorable...must take after his mom .
You must be really bored to be e-mailing me about that . Just name the time and place .
The Southwest Region will be hosting its 2001 environmental roundtable in Albuquerque , NM on October 16-17 at the Holiday Inn Crowne Plaza ( 505 ) 821-3333 . Room rates are $89.00 per night . Each attendee will be responsible for his/her room reservations for the two day event . The agenda for this roundtable will be sent out in the near future . If you would like to be a speaker and give a presentation on a topic or product please send to my attention for possible incorporation into the program . In order to hold a sufficient block of rooms , provide adequate roundtable space and accomodations , your reply is required to my attention via emal or voice mail ( 505 ) 625-8022 by September 31 .
Donna/Arnold sorry about not making the conference call today . The state of New Mexico showed up at my office this morning and made a surprise inspection at one of our C/S south of Roswell . I felt the need to tag along with them... . Heres the way it is . The EPA is required to address all federal concerns when they are the lead agency is a permitting issue . Even when it comes to an issue like approving a turbine installation on previously disturbed ground , they are required to ensure compliance with the Endangered Species Act ( ESA) . This is not a new issue with the EPA . Im having the same thing happen to me by the EPA I had called the EPA in San Francisco about the status of the air permits for the Red Rock expansion for C/S 3 and 4 . The permitting engineer told me that prior to issuance of the permits , their air group would need assurances that the ESA regulations are being adressed . I told the engineer that becasue C/S 3 and 4 are on the reservation and that the Navajo Nation has its own EPA group , that the ESA requirements are taken care of by the Navajo Nation EPA . ( As you remember , the Navajo Nation verbally told me that surveys would not be requried on the compressor station sites for endangered plants and or animals) . I gave the EPA engineer the Navajo Nation Fish and Wiildlife contact and he said that he would give him a call and that he would also check this issue out with the legal attorneys with the EPA . Bottom line is that we are waiting for a response from EPA as to whether surveys would be required or not . I told him that we were expecting the permits by the end of September and that if necessary , I would schedule ESA surveys and circumvent this whole issue . He advised me not to do this . I think his decision had something to do with the EPA usurping authority of the Navajos and asserting authority on Indian Lands without Indian consent . He said he would get back with me on this by Friday as to whether their attorneys agreed that the jurisdiction of the EPA on Navajo Lands when the Navajos have an environmental agency which administrates these types of issues . Im a little irritated that the EPA didnt notify me about this when it first became an issue , but didnt pursue this as I didnt want to possibly delay issuance of the permits . Ill send something out via email when I hear from the EPA .
change per Settlement's request .
Began initial field confirmation of EOTT crude oil tanks and equipment in the MIdland Region . Five of the thirteen teams which have EOTT facilites have been inpsected and appropriate changes made to the database and spreadsheet . A meeting was held with the Midland field teams which have Title V facilities , to complete and submit the required annual certifications . All Title V locations in the MIdland region were in compliance for this year . Region IX EPA has made a determination that prior to issuance of the air permits for the Redrock turbine installation , Transwestern is to conduct an endangered species survey of C/S's 3 and 4 . A contractor has been contacted and the surveys will be completed prior to September 15th . This is not a new issue , as EPA Region VI , Dallas required consideration of the Endangered Species Act to be completed at the Luguna C/S , which is on Laguna Indian Lands . The Title V permit will not be issued for the Laguna C/S until the EPA is satisified that endangered species are not a concern . Preliminary environmental and right of way field data are being provided to an environmental contractor to initiate a fatal flaw analysis of a proposed project for Transwestern Pipeline Company . Continued EOTT crude oil release data collections for forthcoming Sept . 27th NFL meeting in MIdland .
Leon , thanks for the list . If this is a complete list of the parts which are replaced , what parts are "common" between the 3505 and the 4700 ? Bill Scott is the attorney on this for Enron and I have copied him on this correspondence "wcs@modrallcom." Plese keep him in the loop on this..... .
Particpated in the EPA NFL spill release and discharge data request for the Midland Region . A meeting was held with the New Mexico Environment Department , Air Quality Bureau concerning the NOV for the P-1 C/S . Transwestern presented letters from the AQB to Transwestern which apparently had not been reviewed by the AQB prior to issuance of the NOV . The AQB requested a delay to re evaluate the new evidence which had been given to them . They indicated that they would be contacting us after they had reviewed this new data and information .
John , I plan on grabbing not only a digital camera but also my video camera to handle the panarama part of the equations . In conversations with Doug Cebryk , it looks like the primary routes are Interstate 17 and El Paso's existing right of way south . I spoke with Kevin Hyatt about a possible route that exists south to a power plant between station 1 and Kingman Az , and then heading southeast into the Phoenix area , but didnt know if the economics would work out . Ive got ENSR looking at other routes that might hold promise . I also plan on addressing what might be considered sensitive areas of potential impact ( streams , rivers , riparian habitat , difficult terrain , population and critical habitat issues etc ) Ill have a report to you shortly after the trip.. .
NORTHERN NATURAL GAS Reviewed Title V Operating Permit renewal applications with field teams for Finney Co . 1 , Finney Co . 3 and Fowler . Contractor has made revisions and the permit applications will be overnighted to the State of Kansas for Monday , September 10 , 2001 delivery . Started EPA 308 Request response Tuesday , September 4 , 2001 at Russell , Kansas and for EOTT releases in the Amarillo Region . Large contingency of employees worked jointly to provide files on each release experienced since 1998 . DES had Title V Operating Permits due so environmental coordinators , Steve Mitchell and Monte Stebens , stayed in Russell until all files were completed . DES would like to thank the environmental coordinators and all other employees who worked on the information response . Everyone did an excellent job . GENERAL INFORMATION Submitted semi annual NSPS reports for P-1 and Plains C/S's .
The 2001 environmental roundtable has been confirmed for the above location and dates . Make your reservations at the Holiday Inn Crowne Plaza ( 505 ) 821-3333 . The hotel is located on the frontage road off I-25 north at the Paso del Norte exit . Room rates are $89.00 per night . A block of rooms is being held under "Enron Transportations Services-Environmental Roundtable" . The agenda for the roundtable is presented below: Tuesday October 16th 7:00-8:00 am Contintental Breakfast . 8:00-8:15 am Welcome and Opening Remarks . 8:15-8:45 am Bill Kendrick , Director Environmental Affairs , ETS . 8:45-9:15 am Chad Ingalls , The Nature Conservancy ( Station 2 Project) . 9:15-10:00 am Ruth Jensen , Air Issues and Compliance . 10:00-10:15 am BREAK 10:15-11:15 am Denise Celani Safety Kleen . "What happens to your waste after we get it" 11:15-12:00 pm Joe Lueras . Envisions training and demonstration . 12:00-1:30 pm LUNCH 1:30-2:30 pm Mike Riedel . Emissions Inventories . 2:30-2:45 pm BREAK 2:45-3:45 pm Ruth Jensen . Star Program 3:45-4:30 pm Larry Campbell . Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation . 4:30-4:45 pm Closing Remarks and Adjourn . Wednesday October 17th 8:30-12:00 pm Surprise Exercise . 12:00-1:30 pm LUNCH 1:30-3:00 pm Larry Campbell . Discussion of Surprise Exercise . 3:00-3:15 pm BREAK 3:15-4:30 pm Larry Campbell . Mock Environmental Situations . 4:30-4:45 pm Questions and comments concerning roundtable . 4:45 pm Adjourn . Looking forward to seeing you all and having a productive and interesting session .
Ruth , I spoke to the ADEQ about the accelerated permit program and apparently there are some internal problems with this program and the third party contractors which are on their "list" . At this stage of the game , they recommended that we do not resort to this alternative as most of the work that the contractor would do has been done by the ADEQ allready . I then indicated that I would be contacting the Director of the ADEQ about the urgency of this multi million dollar project and the benefits to the state of Arizona . The permit engineer thought that would be a good idea . Because we will be permitting through this agency again for Sundevil , and dont want to upset the agency cart , I am going to speak with the permit engineers supervisor and then to the Director of the ADEQ next week about either an accelerated issuance of the permit or more realistically , allowance to do some construction activities while the ADEQ is completing the review and permit writing . This way , I wont step on any toes . By the way , the ADEQ said that they dont consider this to be a PSD issue . The following time line for permit issuance under the Arizona laws at this stage appears to be: another 2-3 weeks to write the permit , one month by the ADEQ technical staff to do the required internal review and then the EPA is given a one month period to do their review , which is requried by the EPA for all class 1 permit applications in Arizona . Because Im going to be in Phoenix next week , I might be able to set a meeting up with the ADEQ Director and plead Transwestern's case . Ill let you know how it goes..... .
John , I look forward to you being there , hopefully , for both days . Your presence and participation shows the field teams the environmental commitment from Houston . Concerning the agenda , the first day is devoted to presentations . The second moring will be devoted to a "surprise" participation at a local compressor station about 45 miles west of Albuquerque . I havent spread this around yet , except to Rich Jolly and got his OK , but I plan on dividing the guys into groups of 2 and having them conduct an investigation/audit of the compressor station . I plan on setting and hiding some placebo environmental issues the night before at the station to see if they can discover them and other housekeeping issues the next morning during the audit . We will then convine back at the hotel in the afternoon to discuss what they found and how they would address the issues identified . The group that identifies the most issues , will get a small gift . Do I need your approval on the spending of some $$$ for a gift ? I was thinking of a couple of $25 gift certificates for the two winners at a big sporting goods store and let them choose what they want . The final afternoon session will be devoted to mock environmental situations under varying circumstances , like we did last year with the whole group being divided into four individuals and participating as teams . thoughts comments..... .
he did not . but he did predict your homosexual preoccupations .
Dan , sorry about taking so long it getting back to you about this , but I had a couple of crises I had to address , Im still realing from the impact . I have attached for your review the agreement which we are in the process of finalizing with the Wild Turkey Federation . Take a look at the document and let me know what you think . After your review we can make the necessary changes and modifications . I have been advised by our legal department that each of the three major pipelines owned and operated by Enron will need a separate contract , with the RMEF , so what we decide for Transwestern , will undoubtably work for the others . Thanks for your patience in this .
After the telephone conference call we had on 9/17 , I contacted the Roger Kohn permit engineer with EPA about a possible meeting with his agency to resolve and assist the issuance of the air permits for stations 3 and 4 . His message back to me was a reiteration of the last request I made to him , that he could see no way that Transwestern would be able to help the EPA in this matter . We discussed the possibility of Transwestern contacting his supervisor , Gerardo Rios , about a potential meeting and he indicated that we could choose this avenue if we desired . Gerardo's telephone number is 415-744-1259 .
Shudeish with the state of Arizona just phoned and said that he and Probaht Baragava are available to meet with us on Thursday at 2:00 pm . This is the only time and day of this week that they will be able to see us . I asked about whether Kathy OConnell and Nancy Wrona would be able to attend this meeting and he stated that their calendars were full this week and would not attend . He will need to know by tomorrow whether to book this meeting and who will be attending . Sarah had mentioned that Thrusday was not a good day for her . Should we schedule this and if so , who will be attending in Sarah's place ?
Would you please check on the status of this expense report . The last entry I had on it was 9/5/01 , 13 days ago . My AMEX bill will be charged interest if I dont receive a check in the near future . YOur assistance in this will be greatly appreciated .
Dave , Could you send me a hard copy of the transactions in question . I tried to pull them up on the website but i guess it doesn't keep records that far back . Larry
NORTHERN NATURAL GAS COMPANY Submitted Title V Permit Renewal for Mullinville Compressor to the KDHE . Submittal of standard exemption documention for the NNG Kermit , Plainview , Seminole and Brownfield C/S's were submitted to the TNRCC . A conference call was held with Region IX EPA to discuss Redrock Expansion issues related to the issuance of Title V air permits for Sat . 3 and 4 which are on Indain lands . The agency provided a tentative date of 7 weeks before the the permits would be issued . The EPA has required Transwestern to respond to issues related to the Endangered Species Act prior to issuance of the air permit . Transwestern is in the process of preparing a biological assessment for the properties within the facility fences of stations 3 and 4 . A meeting was held with the Arizona DEQ to discuss what activities Transwestern may participate in to assist the agency with the issuance of the air permits for Station 1 and 2 . The agency gave a date of April 2002 as a normal issue date . Even under expidited conditions the date is expected to be mid December of this year . Transwestern plans on actively pursuing ADEQ's management to determine if the date for issuance can be further decreased . On a side note , under the current Arizona regulations , certain construction activities can begin in leau of receiving the permit and include; foundation construction , laying underground piping and consturction of permenant underground structures . This wil benefit the inbitiation of the Redrock construction prior to receivng the air permits for these stations . Rawlins pump station was struck by lighting , causing a release and a loss of crude and the tanks do to fire . Visiting site Friday , September 21 , 2001to evaluate and for a clean up and remediation plan . continuation of 308 reporting for EOTT facilities in amarillo region . Remediaiton of EOTT Weatherford Station . GENERAL Attended the KDHE annual environmental conference in Hutchinson , Kansas . Completed Title V annual certifications for Texas and Oklahoma facilities . completed workbooks for Amarillo roundtable .
are you still working on your resume ?
Thanks Scott , I heard about the same thing , and was checking futrher to see if this was actually the case... .
Scott , I shold probably clearify something . The existing right of way , which we intend on staying in , at least around Cordes Junction is located west of I-17 , which will not impact the Agua Fria National Monument , which occurs on the east side of the interstate . Should we be forced to move to the east side of I-17 , then the Monument may become a problem . Like you , I was taking into consideration all possible issues in the pathway of the proposed construction and also those that are in the near proximity and have the potential of becoming an "opportunity" in the event we are forced to deal with them . I appreciate your wirk in this..... .
Hi , Have you had a chance to talk with Kevin or Dana about my moving over to scheduling . If not , should I approach them with my request . Larry
Roger , thats great that the public notice for station 3 and 4 air permits will initiate on October 4 . I really appreciate your work and effort on this . I will be looking forward to reviewing the rough draft for both of the permits during the first week of October.... .
John , we are working out some issues with the station 1 permit and the EPApermits for 3 and 4 . Briefly here they are . First issue , that we did not anticipate from the ADEQ . It applies to hoursof operation for the generator . The ADEQ has restricted hours of operationbecause we are close to the PSD levels at the facility . In talking to Shdeish , the ADEQ protects itself and applies a 10% safety factor on all applications that approach PSD to ensure that the PSD levels are not triggered . This is there policy not regulation . What is ironic is thatthey accepted our calculations for the netting , but did not indicate thatthey would apply any safety factor for their comfort . Im concerned about the time frame to iron out this issue and the construction start date . I needsome guidance . Do we want to spend time fighting this , not knowing how lonit will take to resolve or do we bite the bullet and put on a catlytic converter for the generator and have unlimited operating hours ? In speakinwith Shudeish , I got the impressions that when an application approaches thPSD limit , they want to see the applicant apply CEMS or some kind of controtechnology just to be sure that they stay under the 250 ton limit . I knowtime is of the essence . Second issue . The EPA has given us a pretty good permit for stations 3 and4 , but have restircted us to ppmvd values for NOx and CO , instead of lb./hror ton/yr . The values that they have given us in the permit are OK ( 25 ppmfor NOx and CO ) at base load operation . GE will guarantee this . However , at lower tempertures and at reduced loads of 60% , the manufactures numbers are40 ppmvd for NOx and CO . We cant live with this . In our application , westated that we would be operating at low loads for 20% of the time and weapplied a 15% safety factor for the higher NOx and CO levels and presentedthis in lb.hr and tons/yr . This would have covered us , but because the permits limits are in ppmvd , we would exceed these limits during low loadsand low temps . I have requested from Roger that we would accept permit conditions that would allow us 40 ppmvd during low temps and low loads withwith requiring us to do associated recordkeeping and Roger said that he woubring this before his management . Ill keep you apprised of this issue .
Transwestern Pipeline Company Transwestern has run into some problems with the air permit conditions for the Redrock Expansion . For the state permits , the ADEQ wants to abitrarily set a 10% safety factor to the emissions levels which approach PSD . This means that they have written into the draft permit a reduction in the allowable hours of operation for the generator from 8760 to 7800 . This generator is the facility's prime source of power and therefore , needs to be operated for 8760 hours . Transwestern will challenge the agency's authority to apply a 10%safety factor . For the Indain lands permits , the EPA has written a permit condition of 25 ppmvd for NOx and CO under all operating conditions . Manufacturerers guarantees only apply at 25 ppmvd at loads above 65% and at 0F . It appears that Transwestern may have convenienced the EPA to back away from permit limits in ppmvd and include as permit conditons lb/hr and ton/yr emissions limits that Transwestern originally placed into its applications . Northern Natural Gas Company A standard exemption for the NNG Martin Co . No . 1 facility was submitted to the TNRCC . Preliminary maintenance activities and newly published AP-42 emissions factors have shown that the Martin Co . 1 facility may be a Title V facility . Under the old AP-42 factors , the units at the facility were not greater than 100 ton/year sources . Continued investigation is being conducted to determine emissions levels from the units at the facility . A request and supporting documentation was submitted to the TNRCC to remove the EOTT Crane facility from the Title V operating permit program . New data on the crude oil received into the facility shows the emissions limits for VOCs to be less than the Title V regulated limit . General Preparations are being finalized for the environmental roundtable to be held next week in Albuquerque .
Shudeish , I spoke with Roger Kohn , Region IX EPA permit engineer , about the time his agency will take to do the air permit reveiw for Kingman and Flagstaff . He stated that EPA normally gets the allowed 45 days to do the permit review , however , at the request of the state agency , his office will do an expidited review . Because of the urgency of Transwetern desiring to initiate construction , by this email , I am asking the ADEQ to request an expidited review of the Kingman and Flagstaff air permits from the EPA . Again , thanks for your work and effort that you have put in on this project .
Shudeish , our advisor in Arizona left me a voice mail message that the signs were posted at both locations...thanks for your help with an expited request to Region IX EPA .
Amy , John Kinser and I will be attending . Larry
thanx dude .
please remove me from all future distributions .
Roger , if EPA has approved other alternate methods for determining sulfur in fuel gas , can you approve of these for our sulfur methods ? The reason I ask is that we are not set up to do any of the applications mentioned in Appendix D . We have approved custom fuel monitoring schedules in place at 5 other compressor station locations and have been approved to use "stain tubes" or total sulfur analyzers . These were issued by Region IX and Region VI . I can send you copies of the approvals from the other Regions if that will help . If not , I would recommend that you write the permit with all the below referenced test methods and we will work out the details . WIll it be possible to make a change to the permit after things quiet down a bit and we have more time to taylor the permit for you and us ?
please remove from distribution list
yes , increase it .
please remove from distribution list .
Title whatever you want . Just one cd . mac daddy---ask me about this one back in my life---alice dj ? men in black---will smith don't leave me this way------it's a disco song here with me----dido take your time(do it right)---sos band circle in the sand-----belinda carlisle in the air tonight---phil collins what's love got to do with it----tina turner rock steady---the whispers
John , in response to you questions below , im da man . Ill call you today or tomorrow concerning your possible suggestions and recommendations for dinner , blocking the rooms and the time for the event....the group had originally planned on blocking out 70 rooms . Enough for the field DES's , safety specialists , env . and safety group in Houston , Danny Pribbles direct reports , Rich Jolly and his advisors , plus guests and speakers.......anyone else ?
Bill as per your request , presented below is a status of the air permitting activity by the agencies as of today 11/01/01 . Stations 1 and 2 . The EPA has completed is review of these state permits and has sent them back to the ADEQ for comment . I have spoken to Shudeish , the permit engineer for the ADEQ , and he is reviewing EPA's comments as this e mail is being written . He will give me a call when his review is complete , but he does not anticipate any major issues which cant be resolved prior to the public hearing . These permits went out for public notice on October 15 and 16 , which means that the comment period ends on Nov . 15 and 16 . The ADEQ plans on holding the public hearing for both permits on monday Nov . 19 in Williams AZ . at 7:00 pm . I plan on being there . Williams is located approx . 30 miles west of Flagstaff , AZ . The address for the hearing is the Council Chambers located at 113 south 1st street . So far , there have been no responses submitted to the ADEQ by the public . In EPA's review process , they had a problem with methodology proposed by Transwestern for measuring sulfur in the fuel gas . We had proposed stain tubes in the custom fuel monitoring schedule , they wanted us to do wet chemistry . We convinced them otherwise ( Byron , because of this , you wont need to order a sulfur analyzer for the Needles facility . This should save you about $40K) . There was also an issue with manufacturers quarantees regarding particulate matter emissions from the turbine and catepillar . This has been resolved also . Stations 3 and 4 . I received a call from Roger Kohn , the permit engineer for the EPA . He is satisified with the permit application contents and has also approved stain tubes for the sulfur measurement at these locations . There are no outstanding issues on these permits from the EPA . The public comment period for the Station 3 and 4 permits ends Nov . 3 . After this date , it will take 1-2 weeks for the Regional Administrator of the EPA to sign off on the permits and then he will have them issued to Transwestern . As of this date , there have been no comments submitted to the EPA for the permits for station 3 and or 4 . Ill keep everyone apprised of future events .
Jerry , I have not cancelled the Station 4 air permit . I have spoken to Roger Kohn,EPA permit engineer , about the possibility of not doing the turbine installation at station 4 only due to what you described as not enough market commitment . My plans are to hold off on making any decisions and have the EPA issue the station 4 permit . If we do not initiate any construction pertaining to the turbine or auxillary generators , then the new permit doesnt apply and we can still operate under the existing permit which was issued about 2 years ago . In Enron , 6 months is an eternity and who knows what will happern then ? By having the permit , but not constructing , we will be OK . If we decide to do the turbine project within the period of time that the permit is valid , then were ahead of the game . If not , and a more firm decision is made to not do anything in the future , Ill contact EPA and request termination of the permit . Usually , the agency places a caveot that if construction does not proceed in a specified time then the permit automatically cancels itself and the facility must comply witht he conditions of the existing permit for the facility. .
Just to keep all permit information together , I spoke to Roger Kohn and he has sent to me the station 3 and 4 air permits . We are now free to initiate construction at these two sites... .
I AM NOT THE LARRY CAMPBELL YOU'RE LOOKING FOR .
THANJ YOU .
THANK YOU .
Lewis Eugene Adkins 9214 Sanford Larry's cell 713-628-0674
Midland Team , the Martin Co . No . 1 facility is potentially in non compliance because there is new emissions data from the EPA which shows the units at this facility emit emissions which would trigger a Title V air permit . Steve San Miguel and Stoney tried to conduct an emissions test with a portable analyzer but were unable to collect representative emissions data due to the fact that the unit was in very poor mechanical shape and showed very high emissions . We have a couple of options . Spend the $$$$ necessary to bring the unit up to standards that allow a representative emissions test to be conducted and determine whether the emissions from the units trigger permit action or use the new EPA data and submit an air permit application . The choice is yours . Understand , this permit if issued , places some recordkeeping and mechanical responsibilities on the Midland team . Let me know what you would like to do .
THANK YOU
Charlie , can you take care of this ? Please respond and let me know your thoughts.. .
Go for it
Teams , Danny Collier , Region IX , EPA in Sanfrancisco , has requested that we fax to him at 415-947-3549 the water well coliform bacteria reports for the Leupp and Klagetoh C/S for October and November . Please send this to him at your earliest convenience .
who cares
Ed I have been busy in Az and have neglected your email . Sorry about that . Is there a one page form that I can submit that will say that nothing has changed at a faility in the last 5 years for the below facilities ? Either that or I can write a one page letter stating this fact and reqeust that the OCD renew the permit again . Which is best for you ?
Thanks , I needed that
Scheduling Issue: 1024 MIRANT(Rala ) told me that they could not schedule anymore transactions with me . She confirmed they were defaulting on their contracts . 1050 Informed DYPMI(Katherine ) that MIRANT was defaulting on their contracts thus preventing me from fulfilling my obligation to DYPMI . 1200 Russell spoke to the DYPMI trader to discuss LD protocol . Option Issue: 904 MIRANT(Blake Mason ) would not accept my exercising of an option . He confirmed they were defaulting on a firm LD product . 1051 Told WESCO(Sherry ) that MIRANT's defaulting prevented me from fulfilling my obligation to them . 1200 WESCO(Sherry ) informed me WESCO was going to LD ENRON .
Stations 3,4 and 5 . I spoke with Danny Collier of the EPA today , Friday , November 30 , 2001 and he has instructed me that the EPA is to receive copies of all monthly water well sampling for C/S 3,4 , and 5 in addition to sending the monthly sampling results to Yolanda Barney of the Navajo Nation . Although Yolanda is the primary recipient , the EPA becomes secondary as they have the responsibility for oversight of Indian Lands environmental issues . Danny said that the EPA would eventually phase themselves out of the Navajo's business but until they do , he is requesting copies of all sampling data . I asked him if we could fax him the monthly reports and he indiacted that it would be OK to do so . His fax number is ( 415 ) 947-3549 . I will keep you apprised of any future changes in the distribution of the water sampling reports .
Bill , I have this outstanding bill notice which I keep getting form iPayit . There are about 5 invoices from Argent for EOTT work which they did in 2001 . It was for the Midland EOTT compliance stuff . I dont know how to let the system know that these invoices have been taken care of . Is there someone you know of who can let iPayit know that these invoices have been taken care of ?
No . His e-mail is physics123@yahoo.com and home number is 7-662-3006
Scott , it seems that the letter we received from Danny is otherwise . In the process of having the Navajo EPA take over the drinking water program for the Tribe , the EPA as overseer wants to be kept in the loop for a little while longer . In light of this , we need to not only send to the EPA all monthly sampling reports for drinding , but also to the Yolanda Barney of the Navanl Nation . I spoke with Danny about this and he said that the EPAs involvement would start to deminish in the future but he didnt when .
Randy , I tried to send you a note about a week ago about my elk hunt but it came back undelivered . I thought you might have changed your address . Guess I typed it in by mistake . ( age does that to you sometimes) . Yes , things are stressful , but as you eluded to God doesnt give His kids a spirit of fear , but confidence that He is in control . I never thought I d see the Enron empire tumble , but when you torture and strangle a corporation hard enough and long enough , eventually it gives up and surrenders . There is a push underway to isolate the pipelines from the Enron umbrella and make all business units with money making assets separate from the rest of Enron . Transwestern is definately a money making asset , and that is what may keep me afloat . Well see . Anyway , as long as I keep my focus on Jesus and keep reminding myself of that which is important ( family and health ) I know Ill come through all of this . Sorry to hear that there is the word "reorganization" in Hess . this kind of stuff generally never does anything but upset employees and create a period of time when nobody is productive . I hate this kind of stuff . I know that change is inevitable , but so disruptive . Ill keep you in prayer . Isnt it great to have the confidence and assurance that we serve a big enough God , that He can handle all our problems ? Keep the faith......my friend and focus on the eternal . Just like Peter wrote , were just pilgrims in a foregin land , waiting for the trip home and promise of Christ's return .
Thought you might like this.. .
You know I used to work for a director in ETS that always gave 103% , now I know how he did it , not really , just kidding... .
this is cute , things like this help during difficult times
Don I am sorry about your loss , mostly because those in the family of God hate to see pain hit a family member . Even under the most dire and seemingly impossible situations , God is in control . Its His promise that He will never leave us nor forsake us . That in itself , is a real comfort and security knowing we have His eternal and loving spirit with us at all times . When you get some time , read Romans 8:28 and then meditate on it . So many times we confuse our wants for our needs and that are promised by Him . Because he desires to conform us inito the image of His Son , sometimes He has to empty us of worldly understandings and unrighteousness so that He can fill us with blessings that glorify Him . Once we make a heart commitment and His spirit sets up residence within us , God's promise in Romans is to work everything , including a job loss to His glory . If we are eternally minded and understand that our citizenship and home is in heaven , then life on earth begins to look less important and we see the worldly goods as being very temporary . I will pray for you and your family that you see a manifestation of God's work in your life and that you are brought even closer unto Him in your Christian walk . I will keep my ears open for any employment opportunities . When you're feeling down and discouraged , drop me a line . Sharing Christ with someone always seems to help me through the day in difficult situations . In Hebrews were told to encourage the brethren . I would consider it an honor to hear form you again....keep the faith.. . its all we have........|
Thanks Randy , Ive heard him on the radio
Sta . 3 and 4 , I am sending to you via regular mail , the new air permits for the Redrock Expansion . I will be contacting you in the near future about coming out and going through the permits to assign responsibilities between you and me . If you get some time , I would suggest that you look over each permit as there is additional recordkeeping and reporting above that which is on your existing permit . the old permit will expire when the facility begins operation of the turbine . For Station 4 , if a turbine is not installed at your location , this new permit wont apply . But in the event it happens , you have the permit . Bottom line , you need to keep this permit at each location .
Thanks , Roger . Im on board with this .
Rich , concerning the environmental liabilities which may impact Transwestern if Duke should direct the liquids from their 8" line into the pipeline liquids tank at Wt-1 , I have a concern . The liquids that are generated in the 8" line are exempt from hazardous waste regulations ( RCRA ) as long as they stay in the Duke line and are not transfered and collect in a mainline tank . Because WT-1 is a mainline compressor station , any chemicals or compounds which are regulated under Subtitle C of RCRA become the responsibility of the owner of the mainline tank . Within the past few years , we have experienced the collection of regulated liquids at Wt-1 which were not placed there by Tranwestern . Chemicals which producers and processing , upstream of Wt-1 , have placed downhole to enhance gas production and other agents such as corrosion inhibitors and pipeline solvents have found their way into our tank and we have paid for the disposal . Unfortunately , there is no way to segregate the bad materials from the good recycleable materials . Based upon this , I would recommend that we not allow Dukes pipeline liquids to collect into our tank .
Thanks Michael for the brief update . it sounds encouraging . I am looking forward to putting the model into motion . No problem with signing the no cost extension for the project , send it my way .
FYI from Penn State on the progress of the model to remove PCB's from Transwetern's pipeline .
Ray , Kay had mentioned that your team was having an OCD inpsection this week ( Wednesday?) . Ive tried to contact you a couple of times to see if you might need some help , but was unsuccessful . Is there something wrong with your phone ? Give me a call if you feel uncomfortable about any issue prior to their visit . I will be in the office on wednesday but gone from 11:30 am-1:45 pm . Let me know how the inspection went...... .
Thanks John , Ill keep you posted . Hows your pulse ? Doing OK ?
Me too . Thats what Im doing . Staying away from the gossip and grip sessions . Its nice to know that He's a big enough God to handle all problems and concerns , even the ones in Enron.... .
10-4 . I saw a picture of Dustin's deer , pretty nice . someone from BLM told me a deer came in from the sandhills east of town that was 29" and non typical . I also heard of some deer that were taken north of town that were pretty nice also ( 16-24") . Dont you think it s funny that we spend all kinds of money and time traveling to all our secret spots and the big ones are right in our back yard ? Im planning on taking some time off for the holidays , so If I dont hear from you have a wonderful Christmas and keep your focus on the Lord , He's our only salvation . So often we look to other things to give us security and joy and we so often forget , that for those that love Him and have confessed Him as our Savior He is our strength and hope of a future eternal glory.....May God be your source of strength , Merry Christmas.. .
Charlie , when Butch had Getman's wife count the number of people using the water at Station 5 , did the number of users not equal the public water system numbers ( ie 25 people daily at least 60 days per year? ) I though we were always a public water system at Station 5 ? We better discuss this , as we could be in some trouble if we do service 25 people and are not doing the sampling.... .
I HAVE submitted all receipts for the expense reports submitted to you . I will resend them again .
David , I got hte same message from Don . I found out he became a believer about a couple of months ago and I have been spending a little time sharing Christ with him . Im sure hes going through a tough period now . If you saved his address you may want to congraulate him into the family . Thanks for the prayers . Its funny , but Im not too shook up about this . what ever happens happens and I know I cant do anything about it . It must the the Spirit within me , but Im relatively calm about the whole situation . I find that when I hang aroundthe guys in the office and we start gripping , I loose my focus and start looking like a carnal Christian . So Im better off away from the troops and just trnding to business . Bill Kendrick seems to be pretty focused also . Im glad for that . I know hes under a lot of stress . It seems the people tied to the pipeline assets are the safest . If it is a business unit with income coming in , Enron wants you . The gossip and garbage going around about what and how Enron is going to do to bail itself out is rampant . I just know that there arent too many people loyal to Enron right now . Many fortunes and retirements have been lost and many of those who had retired in the last several months are trying to get back on with the different companies . Someone said 4500 people in Enron Houston were given pink slips . This is a bad time for all with Christmas around the corner , but then maybe , just like September 11 , maybe its another wake up call for people to understand that the things in this world arent very stable and reliable . I hope that this turns many to Jesus . Another one of those Romans 8:28 passages which seems to have direct relevance right now . If you can , say a prayer for those that arent employeed anymore and feel like they have lost everything . Hope your holidays will be blessed with some of your family coming in . Do you have plans to do any downhill skiing in Quatar over Christmas... .
I received this message
Cute , Mr . McMinn . HOws things in Santa Fe ?
Im on vacation till Jan . 2 . If you want to discuss this , give me a call at the house ( 505 ) 624-0353 .
Bill Ive got an "I pay it" notification for some Argent invoices for EOTT that keeps coming to my mailbox . Im pretty sure that you have allready paid these . I keep getting notifications and dont know how to notify the system that these have been taken care of . To let you know which EOTT invoices Im speaking of , Ill forward them to your attention .
I received this message
David , the next matrix yousend in , please provide information in box D where is asks for location of activities . station yard , right of way , tandk farm etc.. .
Thanks , Celestine , everything appears to be working fine.... .
John , Im in the office for a few hours cleaning out email and stomping out some minor fires . The two RMEF persons we met with are Dan Walker and Allen Kerby . Allen is the regional director for NM and TX . Dan was the guy we picked up at the airport from Montana . I think his title was VP of business operations ? His number is 1-800-225-5355 . Allen's number in Las Vegas NM is 505-454-9390 . Hope that all is well with you and the family .
thanks , Danny for sending out this heads up
Steve , what I have on my board is that when cubix did the test for 703 the engine load was 89% . If Cubix is willing to provide us a report that shows the load on 703 to be greater than 90% , we've satisified the compliance testing for 703 . Id like to have a copy of the revised report to submit to the Air Quality Bureau for their records and the facility should also have copy . My records show that the ceiling for using unit 702 is 68% load . Under our agreement with the AQB , we can operate unit 702 ONLY UP TO A 68% LOAD . Above this , we need to bring in Cubix or have a portable test completed to raise the ceiling of operation . One other thing , there seem to be some confusion about which units are required to be tested at station 7 . I have a copy of the approval from the AQB about allowing us to test units 702 and 703 instead of 701 and 702 . Ill pass a copy of this letter on to anyone who needs it .
David got your voice mail last week . Sorry about not getting to talk with you , but I am taking the month of December off so as not to give Enron my vacation . Im not going to give it away anymore . I would have liked to talked to you . Things are somewhat stressful around here . Probably worse in Houston . Enron is screening e mails so everyone is a little tense . Lots of things are going on with Enron trying to bail itself out of this mess . As you may have heard , they severed about 4500 people so far , Joe Kolb and Don Stevens were among those . Ive kept a low key on the daily news reports about what is going on , so I really dont know much . This was a good time to take my vacation . This whole thing doesnt seem to be bothering me , as I am relying on Jesus , my higher power and that has been my strength and comfort . Its a good feeling to know that whatever happens , my family and I will be just fine . Hows Christmas in the desert ? Were you able to find an acceptable substitute for a tree ? this was a good time for you to stretch your wings . David , I hope you and everyone in the Ayers household has a very merry Christmas . I think of you much and hold you in my prayers . When we stop and reflect upon all that man has done to warp the meaning of our Savior's birth , it becomes hard to focus on the real meaing . I pray that you are a wonderful witness to a lost and twisted people in Katar and remember the love of Christ that was revealed to us in his cruxificion . I am thankful for our Great High Priest who has opened up the doors of heaven for us and by His Spirit has given us the opportunity to peek through the veil and know the Holies of Holies . May God bless each of you and continue to show you wonders of His love and grace . Merry Christmas , Your brother in Christ
Mark , this is correct
David I got your test
Adel , please send this blank matrix to the project manager and have them complete the title information amd items A through E in the upper box on the first page , then send it to me . This will greatly assist me in determining what permits , plans and other regulatory documents will be requried . thanks
Guys , with respect to the above , as you know , WGR was responsible for all compliance submittals during the time that we owned and they operated . I know in the past , prior to their taking over ownership , I would remind them each year that a particular document was requried . I figured that when they became owners , they didnt need me anymore . Louie , you are right , Phil Moyer was the environmental contact for WGR and he was the one I would contact and apprise . It just so happens that I have copies of previous annual submittals from WGR for the Gomez facility when the facility was under our ownership , their responsibility . I even have a copy of the Title V Permit . When I was told that we no longer owned the faclity , I sent all information I had to WGR , but kept copies of the stuff I had , just in case . I can send it one more time if you want me too . Let me know.... .
MIke attached is my PEP with the revised changes . This is being faxed to Bill
I forgot one deferral that came through as a PMA in 0003 GL . Please defer $18,933 in expense(revenue entry ) for Southern Union , production month 9911 . Shout with any questions . Thanks .
CPU # is 990218
As of now , the games are on 6:30 & 7:30 . I have to call back between 3-4 today . Please let me know if you are able to play , we may be short tonight .
You are not resposible for $10 because you have been an alternate this season . There appears to be about 7 people that are not going to make it , leaving us about 5 people . Therefore , as we agreed several seasons ago , every body needs to drop ten bucks in the kitty for the forfeit deposit .
Can I have about six boxes . Thanks .
This email had my email address on it . do you need me to respond to something or were you just forwarding my address ?
His name was Keith Corbo . He graduated with us and went to Texas A&M . He was is a fraternity Beta Theta Pi . He dropped out and moved to Florida and worked at a bar(his dad had moved their) . The last time I talked to him was when he was in Florida in 1992 or 1993 . I can not find him anywhere . He would definitely be in our senior year book . I will try and put something out there today and I will get some pictures to send as well .
Attached are the fred files for the requested months . I have to revise the 0002 column on the summary schedule . I lumped everything by mistake into the FT adjustment column . We have to have 2 of the liquidations tsf to Transport . On this one , look at the recon variances tab and answer my questions . On 9911 look at the AVAR tab . The deals highlighted in brown is the one that gas accounting - Jim Little should be reviewing . On 9909 look at the AVAR tab and the three deals highlighted in yellow . You will notice some of the same deal numbers here . Let me know what you think .
Thanks . You are like superwoman...If he was there I can find him. . I know he was there because I went up and visited a few times my freshman year during breaks .
Thanks .
I have forwarded these to Greg Mausser . He is the new OA person for west and denver . Please send west to him . Keep sending Texas to me for the time being . Thanks .
LTC Dowling , I will do everything I can to get you to Houston , for selfish reasons . I know if you move here , there is a good chance my Dad will follow you . Thanks for the info and if you see a position on the website that I miss , just let me know and I will get your resume down there . Have a good weekend . Phillip
Here is the spreadsheet we discussed . Please call with any questions .
take a look at this one and let me know what you think , hopefully I am on the right track with these . I think this may be the best one I have seen so far . GENERAL MGR . - PROJECT CONTROL ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: This position will take responsibility for the Planning , Scheduling and Cost Management of all Enron Engineering and Construction Company , domestic and international projects . Will be responsible for producing accurate and timely Cost and Schedule information to Project Management and Executive Management from both the Site and Home Office Project Controls' team . Will take the lead in maintaining , upgrading or identifying new needs in the area of Project Controls' systems and procedures . ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS: Must have 15+ years experience , covering at least two of the following business lines: 1 ) Power - Must have experience in power station engineering and construction , covering medium to large combustion turbines , steam turbines , steam generators , switchyards and electrical transmission systems . Knowledge of fuel and utility system design and construction including , e.g. , fuel oil , LNG and steam and water treatment systems . Hydroelectric power project experience will be a plus . 2 ) Pipeline - Must have experience on large gas pipeline systems 12-48" . 3 ) Must have experience in marine projects such as offshore tankers unloading facilities; breakwater design and construction; fuel unloading jetties 4 ) Offshore - Experience in the design , construction and refurbishment of offshore rigs for oil and gas work 5 ) Process - Experience in the design and construction of Petro Chemical , Hydrocarbon and industrial plant facilities.Must have possess excellent supervisory skills . Earned Value; understanding of various contract types; understanding of Project Planning , from inception to completion; knowledge of Project Execution work process; Knowledge of Estimating Systems; Knowledge of manufacturing and fabrication of Pipeline and related equipment; Familiar with Risk Analysis using Monte Carol simulations; Familiar with ISO 9000; experience with Project Analysis and Benchmarking.A Bachelors degree or equivalent in an Engineering discipline is required . PREFERRED SKILLS: Registered Professional Engineer preferred , but not required . SPECIAL CHARACTERISTICS: This position will report to the Vice President , Project Support Services . Some international travel will be required . CONTACT: To submit resume for consideration , please e-mail it to eeccjobs@enron.com . Plain text in the message body or an attached Word.doc are acceptable . Please do not use columns , italics or underlines . If you are unable to e-mail , fax your resume to ( 713 ) 345-6200 your resume or cover letter . No telephone calls or personal visits please . All resumes will be kept strictly confidential . Enron is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer , and subscribes to a drug-free and smoke-free workplace . Job ID Department VP - PROJECT MANAGEMENT SUPPORT Company GLOBAL FUNCTIONS Location Type Pay FLSA class Manager CLAY III,EDWARD Recruiter Log Grade Response Relocation Posting date
This one looks even better . MGR DEAL STRUCTURING FEDERAL ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: The primary function of this position will be to lead the evaluation and structuring of Federal privatization transactions . This will include managing the internal risk assessment process and drafting key contractual terms in our bid documents to achieve the closing of Federal Solutions outsourcing transactions . Lead and project-manage diverse Enron and third party human resources in multiple geographic locations involved in the analysis , structuring , pricing , negotiating and closing of complete energy outsourcing contracts for clients in Federal market sectors . Lead and become hands-on involved in the financial analysis , preparation of proposal documents , responses to Requests For Information from the Federal clients , term sheets and negotiation of business terms and definitive agreements with the customer . Insure that the commodity , energy assets , management , and finance functions have acquired accurate , in-depth customer information in order to analyze and develop effective costing for the proposed transactions . Drive value , clarity , creativity and innovation within the deal-making process . Install value in transactions that address customer needs and differentiate Enron Energy Services from competitors . As a key member of the Federal Solutions outsourcing team , this individual must contribute to the continuous improvement and simplifying of Enron's deal structuring/management process . ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS: Undergraduate degree in finance or accounting or comparable graduate business school background . 7+ years experience working in finance/treasury/accounting functions . Significant transaction experience including internal approval and external negotiation processes . Must possess transactional savvy and a successful track record of building strong relationships and leading within all stages of the deal development process , including needs analysis , financial and technical due diligence , proposal development , customer interface and closing process . Creativity is important in the management of the deal structuring/deal management process . Person must creatively approach the outsourced deal and conceptualize new solutions which solve clients' problems . Must be a strong analytical thinker who applies this trait to effect individual tasks as well as overall process improvement . Experience with and understanding of derivative instruments , including swaps , options and the like . Extensive experience in putting together complex solutions under long term arrangements . PREFERRED SKILLS: MBA preferred . Federal or Military contracting experience preferred . Self-starter with ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously . Strong communication skills . Previous banking/credit experience and/or CPA a plus . Person must have the confidence , presence , and communication skills to work effectively at all levels of an organization . SPECIAL CHARACTERISTICS: Overall business knowledge is critical in order to fully realize the implications of providing outsourced energy services and the effect these services have on the economics and the day-to-day business of the Federal customers . Must see the deal through and negotiate with senior officials and contracting officers . Key performance measure will include development of profitable , internally replicable deal structures , deal closing and earnings generation , and adherence to Enron's Vision and Values . CONTACT: To be considered for this position , do not contact the hiring manager directly , send us your resume showing clearly how your experience addresses each of the essential requirements listed . Please email to eesjobs1@enron.com as plain text in the body of the message or as a . doc or . txt attachment . Please indicate job number and title of position you desire on the email subject line . Whether emailing , faxing or mailing , Please eliminate Italics , underlining , multiple margins or side-by-side columns . Job ID Department EES DEAL DEVELOPMENT Company WHOLESALE , RETAIL & COMM ENRON ENERGY SERVICES Location Type Pay FLSA class Manager Recruiter Log Grade Response Relocation Posting date
The following is an attempt at describing the FT-Ontario P&L for April 2000 . 4/6 $196,182 Position was long July - October 2000 by a total of 340 contracts and the NYMEX was up an average of $.06 4/12 $240,146 Position was long July - October 2000 by a total of 350 contracts and the NYMEX was up an average of $.06 Please let me know if you need any additional information . Thanks .
FYI , I have no idea when I can get there due to being in risk . Sometimes I am out of here at 5:30 and some days 9:30 . It all depends on my trader and the systems .
I do not see my name anywhere ?
Questions for Hunter: 1 . What are the position limits for the traders on the central desk , maximum long or short ? 2 . What are the steps to evaluating a trade with a third party ? 3 . How does a trader set their curves ? What information/knowledge is required ? 4 . What information or tools , besides NYMEX , do you use to gage the market ? Carrie , that is all I can come up with right now , I will keep thinking and let you know if anything comes up .
I put my stuff out there today , I will email you some pics to attach to it tonight .
FUCH - it is great to hear from you . How did you get my address ? What have you been up to ? You won't believe it , but I am married(about 4 years ) and have a son Jackson(not named after Bo ) that is 15 months old . We finally sold our old house and moved into a new one , that is about a mile south of my mom . Everything is going great for us here . We are enjoying our new Astros ballpark , which happens to be named after my company . Unfortunately , we are not getting any free tickets(at least the little people aren't) . Where are you living ? Are your parents still in Auburn ? How about your lovely sister ? I bet she is married with several children . We go back to Auburn every football season for about three games , if you are ever in town , we will have to get together . Clear Lake is having our ten year reunion this fall . Should be fun . I think you and I are the only two from that school to ever go to Auburn . Talk to you soon .
His sister was older and she lived in New Jersey , no idea of the name . Unfortunately I was going to check on the internet for death records and any inmate records(he was a little wild) . Do you have any idea about that stuff ? Your career by the way sounds very exciting , I would like to hear more . Thanks for the efforts , I have really been wondering about this guy for a few years .
I will call EV right now .
count me in .
Here it is , guess we are starting over on this one . CILCO looks to be the main culprit .
thanks for the tip
Please see attached file . Look at your color on the recon var tab .
The price is $5.40 canadian dollars as referenced on TAGG #NI7771.2 . Due to TAGG constraints , the deal had to be booked as two legs in tagg to capture the canadian price . I left Bob a message last week and again today that teh Utilicorp price is right in sitara and tagg , the confirm should have gone out at IF Ventura + . 1825 . My understanding from the conversation with Bob was that the confirm had not gone out yet , however , the trader got a phone call today that the deal got confirmed at the wrong price . Please let me know if I can be of any further assistance .
Please look at the financial legs of the following deals: Thanks . Call with any questions .
Attached is the file I gave you a hadcopy of .
How are things in Denver ? I haven't heard from you in a while and I thought I would drop you a line . I have the picture of all of us from that mexican food restaurant off of Westheimer under my mouse pad and I was thinking about you . How are the wedding plans going ? Good I hope . Have you adjusted to the new living situation ? It can be tough at first , but as long as you are patient , everything works out . That was probably the most difficult thign for us . Have you been keeping up with the Astros ? They look absolutely horrible . They blew another 7 run lead last night . At least the stadium is really nice , otherwise I would be very dissappointed that I got tickets . I hope your parents are still enjoying the seats . Talk to you soon .
Per your request , attached is the hedge strip file that we use to calculate your bench every night . On one of the tabs R2 , you will find your positions and a conversion factor . I have tied these to the benchmark groups conversion factor numbers . Let me know if we need some of these points changed , i.e . CGPR-DAWN's conversion factor is 0 . Shout with any questions . Thanks .
Texas has the items and we are reviewing with Brenda on Tuesday and running through on Wednesday .
I saw this two days ago , however , I appreciate the reminder . I will be sure to let you know next time UH loses a guy . Have a good weekend .
I am fine with that . You may have some work to do with Victor , I am sure he will be really upset losing me as his back up .
Can you unarchive the following post ids for me please: Thanks for you help
Attached is the file with the appropriate liquidations that should match the transport expense variance . We are within a few thousands dollars of the variance using these calculated liquidation amounts . They are all physical annuities in the FT-Ont-Central book . I am getting the post ids unarchived to verify that they were in the flash financial liquidations . Please tell me if you have these in the FT file , I have already checked Jim's intra physical and financial files for Ontario and came up empty . My thinking(hoping ) on this issue is that the liquidations will be flashed and not captured in the GL . Give me a shout with any questions .
I don't ahve it anymore . Once he changed companies , I didn't get his new one . I haven't even talked to him since last fall .
I do not remember the street unfortunately . I know it was in Bay Forest . Sorry I am not of much help .
You know my stance on the jerseys . What exactly is a leauge ?
Attached are the spreadsheets you requested . The first tab - 100 is the same sheet as the one we discussed earlier . The second tab 60.40 is the sheet that assumes Tom only gets 40% and Sharpe gets the asset deals . The third tab is the revised summary sheet for all months if the 60.40 split is the route we choose to go . Please feel free to give me a call with any questions . Thanks .
Darron is in Hawaii until next week . I am not going to be able to go . Sorry .
I small adjustment I uncovered - the Saxet adjustment of $(46,505 ) should be in Feb 2000 production instead of Jan 2000 .
The following are my accomplishments for the first half of 2000: 1 . Texas variances virtually clean through FY 1999 2 . Assisted in the elimination of phase 1and created an alternative process for client services 3 . Assisted in the development and modification of the PMA report 4 . Successfully implemented teh Denver Region OA process and trained the denver office on the required procedures 5 . Successfully monitored and managed the deferral accounts for several major customers on the Texas desk Sorry this is a few days late , I hope I did not forget anything .
The following are the liquidations for the transport book that are hitting the texas desk(a negative is expense that is hitting - need a revenue entry to clear): Liq # Type Prod Month Amount Please call with any questions .
Please reverse all of the entex deferral entries from 9904 production to 0002 production . The amount on the matrix should be $456,196 in expense . For 0003 production please make the following entries(+ is a revenue entry): Counterparty Amount Central Power & Light $49,256 I also need entries made for Central Power and Light for previous months(new contract year started in 9911 prod ) due to PMA's in 0004 GL ( positive is revenue entry): Prod Month Amount Please call with any questions . Thanks .
That deal is one deal . My trader likes to see it broken out in two deals . You will see that one deal is priced at zero and the basis adjustment in on the other leg . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks .
Here is the revised file . Brenda - I added the remaining producer service variances for 0003 production - the Texas guys have reviewed those variances . Please give me a shout with any questions . Thanks .
Can you guys make the following entries , they are all in the format of what Texas needs to be to be flat(+ needs to be a revenue entry): Tsf fin liquidations to Transport Book: Increase transport Expense on Texas ( Increase Revenue on Transport Book): Bammell Drip line entries for 0003 GL need to be reversed per Jim Little conversation last month(net to $0): 3rd Party Transport on Co . 012 that should be on Texas's OA: Please shout with any questions . Thanks for your help .
I am available for practice . Can I write you a check today for the $10 ? resend the email with the file . I am fine with the change .
You really are taking this serious...strategy ? I say the strategy should be to kick some ass .
The following is the manual entries that we need booked for May production: Transport Expense to Texas Intercompany - ( $1,721,448 ) Transport Revenue to Ed Intercompany - $1,721,448 Transport expense to Texas - Accrual ( $198,000 ) Accrual income to Sharpe - $198,000 Please call with any questions .
Please add Delma Salazar to all correspondence related to Operational Analysis on the Texas Desk . Delma will be replacing me on Texas effective immediately . I will be working with her all month to facilitate the transition . As always , if any questions arise , please feel free to contact me at any time .
Could you please give Delma Salazar a call tomorrow and come by and set up OA Exposure and ROAR on her PC . Please also add her to your update emails . She should have all the required O drive access . Her number is 3-9883 . Thanks .
I made a copy and it is sitting in my chair , I am training someone on my old job . My location is 3238B .
hey fool , why don't you let me send it and get paid - I will cut you a slice . Moscoso does the DPR , he does not do risk .
I agree with Bryan . Judging by the number of email's he is sending , it looks like he doesn't have enough work over there . I am sure the Texas boys could use his help on calcing the books . I will try and limit my smack talking next week and I think someone else needs to jam Mick's finger before next week's game , it seemed to help him free throw shooting last night .
Can you unarchive a postid for me . The number is 773500 . Thanks .
I apologize . The deal confirmation group down here instructed me to book these deals this way . I am in the process of rebooking these deals as we speak . They will be fixed within the hour .
I hand delivered the resume's to Brenda and Mike .
I will be off on Friday . Thanks for the invite .
First I have heard about a happy hour . I am in risk management and am usually not finished calcing my books til 7 p.m . I will most likely not make it . Thanks for the invite .
bherod@enron.com and mmoscoso@enron.com . Mike's may be incorrect , let me know if it fails .
Here is my breakdown of the December number of $1,460,000: Fin Liq N05499.7 164,300 Fin Liq N08617.3 164,300 Transport Exp 174,300 ( I will bring you detail ) Golden Gate Purchase Liq(N086173.1 ) 774,225 Pacific Gas & Electric Pur . Liq ( N63900.5 ) ( 31,000 ) I have left out the California Energy Hub actual variance , because it nets with a PG&E Energy Trading(N05499.3 ) variance .
Here is the breakdown for my number of ( 218,102): Pacific Gas & Electric Sales liq(EV9437.C&N85666 ) ( 555,624 ) Pacific Gas & Electric Purch 57,040 California Energy Hub Sales variance 282,570 Greg will have to give you the backup for the other two numbers - 131,440 &
Here is my breakdown for the number of 890,000: California Energy Hub Sale 702,122 Pacific Gas & Electric Sale Liqs ( 2,231,985 ) Support to follow
This deal was unwound with a paper ticket . Trader did not mean to ok the deal in EOL . No way to kill EOL deal without booking .
I placed the paper tickets - yellow copies in the bin on 32 Thursday afternoon . Do you want me to place another copy in there now ? Thanks for your help .
FYI , Denver OA is being done by Greg Mausser and the economics contact is Mick Walters , not Dawn Kenne .
I found a flight on delta for you for $188 and southwest has them for $215 . This should show you how bad I want you to go - I am working for you . Let me know bro .
here is the the file .
I will be there ready to bang in the post .
Jackson Love
Are you sure , I got a message this morning that said FirstEnergy Trading Corp - no space . Please advise .
Absolutely hilarious . Sorry I didn't respond yesterday , I didn't get out of here until 10 last night .
I am going to Austin for the day on the 8th . Will be back early evening and all day sunday .
FYI
Please take my name off of your emails , I am no longer in the OA group . Please add me to the Ontario email - I am doing risk for that desk . Thanks .
I am game for anything late in the day .
I am for the normal draft - same as last year .
here is the WACOG Delma . Cathy could you add her to the email . Thanks .
so it last week , pretty funny . It looks like an actual commercial . How are things going with you ? Good I hope . When am I going to get an invite to the new pad ?
Here is the file . We used Victor's transport model that he uses for all of the other transport deals . The omicron volatility curve that we used was 11 - the same as other Chigate deals . Give me a shout with any questions .
yes
I think we can handle going with 7 if everyone will be there . Make sure those Texas boys commit to playing and will come back and calc like the rest of us .
Here is the revised model . Let me know what you think .
I am game on both accounts .
I wanted to let you guys know that I changed the files . I had one deal with FT Central that was in the physical file that was financial . I transferred the deal to Sheetal's file . I also added the sitara numbers to the physical file . Sorry for the mishaps .
I just added the swaps to these deals . Sorry about that . Thanks for letting me know .
Attached is the revised model with all of your transport deals from yesterday and the farwell deal . Please review and let me know if you agree with this . If you agree , we will unwind/kill the TAGG deals and book the spreadsheet amounts . We are still working on the spread option and foreign exchange being included in this model . For the foreign exchange , I took an average exchange rate for the life of each deal for now . Thanks .
Sorry man , I am swamped today . Doing my book and Trey's and I have a 6 p.m . flight to Utah . I will try and get back with you today . The offer will definitely have to get sweeter to get the 2 pick overall .
Nice pic . I don't know if I would let him put his arm around my wife .
Spoke with Sheetal and she had a similar question . We are putting our deals in TDS . We do not have paper tickets . I understand there is a meeting scheduled for the end of the week to discuss this issue .
I just wanted to take a minute and thank the two of you for your generosity this past week . My friends and I had a terrific time and everyone really enjoyed your condo . The weather was terrific and the fish put up a formidable challenge . We are very interested in renting the condo from you guys during the season this year . I requested that the cleaning charges this time be put on my credit card . Please let me know if they charge you guys anything . Thanks again . We look forward to seeing you guys soon . Phillip
Looks like these are released status now . Please let me know if you have any further questions .
Please take both of these amounts and add them to the synthetic storage variance section in Economics . I have added them to my spreadsheet that I am compiling . Thanks .
Kam asked that I email you guys about the FT-ONTARIO book move . Please move the book for Price , Basis and Index from FT-ONT-CENTRAL to FT-ONTARIO . This also encompasses splitting out the price and basis and fixing the curves in the curve table . This needs to be done by Monday night , 7/31 . Thanks for you help and please shout with any questions .
Attached is the file that I use from Storey to load his curves . It has quite a few tabs because he uses the model to track his positions and P&L . The tabs that should be of interest to you are the upload tab - for the curve names and the batch tab for the curve prices . Please give me a shout with any questions .
Attached is the book request . Could you please process as soon as possible . We are flipping Geoff Storey's book tonight to a us book(price and basis split out ) and we will need an index book . Sorry for the short notice , we were working with IT to get the conversion and just found out today that they did not set up a new index book . Thanks for your help , and call with any questions .
FYI - please fix my name on you emails . They say Phillippe Love . Thanks .
I just wanted to respond to your email and let you know the thought process of the book move for Ontario . This move was requested by the trader 10 days ago . We notified Curtis Smith and Bill Kasemervisz the following business day last Monday - July 24th . For future reference , please let us know exactly how much notice is required and if you think there are other groups we may have missed notifying so that this does not become a problem again . Thanks for your help .
Here is the file .
Thanks Bill .
Please make the following changes for me please: No Vacation on Sept . 11 Change my late day from sept 12 to sept 19 schedule vacation on Sept . 18th . Please call with any questions . Thanks .
Here is the file . Thanks .
what day ?
Give me a break...just like last year , I will finish ahead of you again . Mean machine will be PLove's bitch again this year .
Glad to hear your trip was wonderful . Things are great hear . We are anxiously awaiting the arrival of football season and our annual trips back to Auburn . Where is Steve's new job ? Are you guys still planning on going to the Friday night party at Cadillac Bar . I have to hurry and send in my money for the event . Talk to you soon .
How about Eric Moulds and Kevin Faulk for Ed McCauffrey , Yancy Thigpen and Mike Cloud
Here is the email reminder of the curve setting process . After you set your curves(do not hit finished file) , go to the GD Pmgr tab and change the date in the left hand corner to two business days out(Friday set for Tuesday) . Then go to the CurveFetch tab and place your file on automatic calc(can not hit F9) . Then hit fetch Prices button . Prices should be brought in for current date . Go to the AutoCurve tab and hit paste curves . When this is done , hit finished file and the date will be updated so that I know your curves are ready to load in ERMS . Please feel free to shout with any questions . Thanks .
Macros Intra Month Physical Calcs Fixed for Floats
Please use the following two files as your detail support for finanical liquidations: Previously , I believe you were given the capacity hedges file the pricebasisindex file and the pricebasisindex_revised file . All three of these equalled the 3.7 million . You should use the revised and the capacity hedge file . When you use the two files listed above , you will come up with a variance going the other way of roughly $(817,385) . This amount should be a "desk adjustment" . We have accounted for the variance in our current month ( 0800 ) file and will simply reclass between the months . Please shout with any questions .
Cathy please seperate two items from your original list . TAGG#N50101.C for $897,332 and TAGG#N70687.7 for $659,979 . These two liquidations relate to a NGPL storage deal on the desk that should have variances for several months . The net amount of these two liquidations is $237,353 . For now , please put this item on the backpage on it's own line . We will reconcile the other storage lines in the next few weeks and see what if anything needs to be added to this line . At that time we will work out the necessary steps to get this item off of the backpage . Scott is still looking at TAGG#N38268.L for $1,443,519 for the remainder of the balance for May . Shout with any questions .
Done .
I passed it off today to someone in the Public Relations dept . I will also look on our bulletin board and see what if anything is out there .
I bid $2 of Miami's D and $1 on Detroit's D
I bid $0 on New Orleans D
I have put all of the liquidations for GD Central in the Fred Liquidations file . There is a variance of ( $13,950 ) on the gas daily between what we flashed and what detail we now have . We will have to take this adjustment to the P&L(wil be expense) . I do not have detail for Basis Capacity Hedges or LT Transport . I am under the impression that these numbers are given to you each month by Cernosek's group . For Basis Capacity Hedges , we flashed ( $31,074 ) and for LT Transport we flashed ( $130,735) . The detail in this file plus these three numbers should tie out . If not , please let me know . Shout with any questions . Thanks for your help .
Sorry I did not get back with you yesterday . We have been really busy around here . I called the person that I gave your resume to and she is on a business trip until early next week . Her assistant is going to have her call me when she returns . Apparently she left the day after I gave her the resume . I will keep you informed . If you look on our website www.enron.com and you see anything that interests you , let me know and I will put the resume in . Talk to you soon .
Enron North America Corp .
sure . Just give me a shout . Next week will not be good and I would prefer if we could do it before 2 p.m . Let me know .
Ask Why....Why doesn't the Ask Why commercials work ?
I changed the first deal , the second one NZ3403 , Kam got a call from credit that this should be with ECC . We have a sheat from Bruce Mills that says all deals with Dynegy Canada should be through ECC .
I will be there . It is bid week , remind me .
no thanks .
According to the trader , this is a gas daily daily for the balance of month . This may be a hedge for them for a physical deal , but it is financial from our perspective .
Per Bruce Mills - this goes through ENA
Tell him it is firm . We are obligating ourselves no matter what . And tell him thank you again . See you tonight pretty lady .
I like it when you call me sailor .
I have rugby practice on Tuesday's and Thursday's . I can do it before work , long lunch or Monday/Friday . Let me know .
Please provide me a list of deal numbers that need to be changed . From you email I gather you are saying that all deals done by ENA with a Canadian Counterparty need to be ECC/3rd party and then flipped to ENA book/FT-US/Cand/ERMS . Is this correct ?
Check this out . Can't remember if I have sent this to you before .
Are you the same Ashley Lord that went to Clear Lake High School . I think I saw the Ashley Lord I went to high school with in the lobby and thought this might be you . If not , please disregard my email . Thanks .
There are four of us that are not playing tomorrow ?
done
Well , did you survive the week without your husband ? I am sure things are alot calmer now at home . How is the little one ? Jackson is into everything . Ashley had to go out of town to a meeting on Saturday , so he and I hung out all day . I taught him how to smoke , drink and cuss . Ash was real proud .
Good to hear from you as well . Last I heard , you were running a dating service...What happened with that ? I have been at Enron for close to 3 years . Ashley and I have a 18 month old son , Jackson . Mom is doing good , as we all are . How do you like Enron so far ? I absolutely love it . I am in the Risk Management Group for Natural Gas Trading . Dealing with the traders can be fun , but is usually quite challenging . Unfortunately we have a lot of late nights waiting on systems - like we are right now . What group are you with ? Where are you living these days ? We just built a house in PineBrook in Clear Lake . We had our ten year reunion last weekend...quite strange . I don't know if you know them , but several CL graduates work here . Meredith Mitchell , Dawn Kenne , Mike Pyer . Our curves just came out , so I am going to start calcing my P&L . Talk to you later .
what room ?
Great article on what it truly means to be an Auburn Man The ties that bind Friday night meetings have helped Auburn through hard times Times Sports Staff AUBURN - It started in dark and unhappy times for Auburn's football team . Five straight games had been lost . Late in Tommy Tuberville's first season as head coach , the team was fractured , divided by the stress of almost two years of trouble , despair and losing . More Auburn football Talkin' Tigers Forum ''It was defense and offense,'' offensive tackle Kendall Simmons said . ''Whatever happened , we pointed fingers at each other.'' On the Friday night before last November's game against Central Florida , a small group of players gathered at the team hotel at the urging of fullback Heath Evans . They prayed . They talked about life and the sometimes bitter turns it can take . A bond began to grow among players young and old , black and white , starters and reserves . It wasn't so much about winning and losing or even about football . It was about matters of the heart . ''We may have had 15-20 guys show up that first night,'' senior whip linebacker Rob Pate said . ''Since then , it's just like another thing on the itinerary . It's not mandatory , but we have basically the whole team there . We've got five or six coaches . Coach Tuberville comes in there . People just lay out their hearts , whatever is on their minds.'' Auburn has won seven of the eight games it has played since that November night . Players say they've done it with trust and a unity of purpose that has grown ever stronger . It has carried the 15th-ranked Tigers to a 5-0 record going into Saturday's Southeastern Conference West Division showdown at 20th-ranked Mississippi State . Pate says they'll go firm in the belief that they can count on each other in the most difficult times . Pate knows about pain and even fear . A mysterious disease , now seemingly under control , threatened his senior season . ''When you see a guy at his weakest point and he's reaching out asking you for help , you know everything about a guy,'' Pate said . ''With me , it was my health . Before the first game , they set a chair in the middle of the room and every guy in there put his hands on me . We said a prayer together . Man , I was crying . ''It's like that every weekend . Somebody on this team is suffering through something . They share it . When you line up on Saturday , it's a lot easier to look at that person and know he is going to give it everything he's got.'' On the field , there has been little but happiness for Auburn this season . Tuberville says it started when Auburn players , strengthened by the bad times , put aside their differences and their individual desires to play for their teammates and their school . ''I've never been around a team this close,'' Tuberville said . ''They get along . We haven't always played as great as we wanted to , but we've had guys urging the younger players and younger players pulling for the older guys to get better . ''It's just a special group . They enjoy being around each other and understand what it's going to take for us to win.'' The change from not so long ago is striking , Simmons says . ''If you don't really know each other and everybody is in their own little group , things aren't going to work,'' Simmons said . ''If you have trust in your teammates , you can build a good team . Right now , we've got that going.'' It starts with the seniors , who have seen the good and the bad of college football . They went to the SEC Championship Game as freshmen in 1997 . Then came two losing seasons and the resignation of their head coach , Terry Bowden . They revel in their success , yet they know it can be ever so fleeting . They take pride in the closeness of a team on the way back . No one understands better than fifth-year senior quarterback Ben Leard . He went from starter to third team in 1998 , then won his job back in 1999 when hardly anyone thought he could . Today , he has the highest efficiency rating of any SEC quarterback . ''We have been practicing since August and we have yet to hear anyone say 'Man , I'm looking forward to playing in the NFL,' '' Leard said . ''No one is worried about their personal accolades or how they are doing status-wise . Everybody just wants to win ball games . The relationships we have on this team are like brothers.'' Leard says nothing that happens can change that . ''If we lose every game from now on , this will be one of the most special seasons I've ever had in my life,'' Leard said . ''We've got people excited . We're excited . The fun is back in it for us . ''It's a great feeling to be able to almost look forward to coming to practice , to see the guys , to have fun and talk . There are no fingers being pointed anywhere . There are no individuals on this football team.'' Evans was one who showed the way , happily accepting the unglamorous role of blocker for tailback Rudi Johnson . Every Friday night , Evans is still the one who leads his teammates as they share their joy and their pain . ''Heath is just like that all the time,'' Pate said . ''He's a great example of somebody who lives what he talks . He's a role model , not just for younger people but for all of us.''
Hey goofball . I sent this to you yesterday .
I have even read where Ronney Daniels has said he does not mind having a reduced role as long as we win . Hopefully the good times will continue . I get all of those articles from that website ww.tigeronline.com . It is an outstanding website . That article was from the Huntsville Times . See you soon .
You finally win a game and you think your team rules...typical alabama fan . The scuddle butt I hear is that Jackie Sherrill will be you next coach...Did you play with him ? We will see if Auburn is for real this weekend .
I don't know if you are working any this week , but I will send an email any way . We were wondering what there might be to do in Denver on Friday ? Since we have all day , are there musuems or things unique to Denver to see ? I know there is some luncheon on Friday , is that for couples or just girls ? Wasn't really sure . We get in about we land on Thursday at 5 p.m . and her grandmother lands at 6 p.m . so we should be at the hotel by around 6:45 . Should we call your room or meet you somewhere ? Talk to you soon .
Congrats on the future addition . We are all doing good . Jackson is 20 months and walking and talking up a storm . Definitely keeping us on our toes . The program for people with Graduate degrees is the associate program . The person to contact that is responsible for that program is Kristin Gandy , her number is 713-345-3214 . I have no idea what all the requirements are and when they recruit . What type of position is he interested in - Treasury ? I have some friends down in Treasury that I may be able to pass the resume on if you guys would like . Oil and Gas experience is not a necessity , just a plus . Enron really encourages diversity in every form , even experience . By far the best company I have ever worked for .
It was good to talk to you live . I miss our chats , but this is the wrong time and place to discuss that . Please do not fret at all about not asking me to stand up . For what it is worth I didn't ask you either . I think you are correct it would have been akward for both of us . This week is a time when you need as little stress as possible to cope with al the people that are pulling at you . So you know , do not worry about us , we are there to celebrate with you and meet your family . Take care of the other high maintenance people , because you will be suprised how many there are . Try and relax and enjoy it . I am looking forward to seeing you in that dress . See you soon .
I will bid $6 for Cary Blanchare , K Arizona and $3 for Gary Anderson K Minn
Here it is .
Here it is...you gonna split the money with me right? ?
Just curious how I may assist in getting Auburn University's name added to recruiting endeavors . Of course I am an alum , and I believe you will find we have an excellent engineering and business school . Just curious , thanks .
Enjoy..I was crying with laughter .
I found this picture of you shooting a shotgun , you crazy man .
Yeah , waht are you offering ?
It is an absolutely hilarious video of a pakistani man firing a shotgun in a range and the gun shooting out of his hand and him yelling at his friends . Real player should be able to play it - that is what I used . I had a good time . Send me those pics . It was great seeing everybody and give us a shout the next time you are in town .
I think it is arabic for holy shit , I broke my shoulder .
How about Jacques Green and Mike Alstot .
I will throw in Troy Brown , Kevin Johnson and James Allen .
If he did that , he might have come back with a little buckshot in his ass .
Thanks for your help , I will keep that in mind .
Here they are . Look how large some people are ( Leo and Mitchell) . I managed to stay clear of the photos .
I do not know who you are , but I definitely do not appreciate the email that you sent me . I do not agree with your politics and please remove me from your list .
How does Fear have any money left...he has been bidding the house...I think we need some bid accounting here .
Here they are .
Man , I was needing some help this week... .
I think that last comment should have been directed solely to O'Neal .
When are you running for office Eric , you have my vote .
You need to stop lying to these boys , you know damn well this old guy was with you step for step .
can you reverify the deal ID . Is this the EOL # , EOL number are above 490000 right now . Thanks .
There has been a slight change to our email addresses . Please send future emails to phillip.m.love@enron.com Thanks .
Sent to wrong address originally .
Send those dirty jokes to my home email - plove570@cs.com . They are pretty ruthless here about offensive emails . I still want to see the jokes though . Are you still enjoying the computer ? I need to spend some time getting our home machine organized . Talk to you soon .
We do look pretty bad . As long as we win that game at the end of November...I will be happy . How was the trip to NYC ? I bet you guys had a blast .
Sorry . I have always listed the address as plove @enron.com How are things going with you ? Good I hope . We just got back from Denver . Rachel Bonilla's wedding . Boy the weather and the air are beautiful up there . We really considered moving .
Yes , I did get in touch with him . Thanks again for the info . He is just being a beach bum...not really doing anything . Guess I should have figured that .
DONE .
Welcome back .
Did you see the first three games of the divisional series ? 4 of the 6 starters were former Astro pitchers - within the last three years . Halama , Garcia for Seattle - Randy Johnson trade , Hampton and Kyle . How sickening is that . However , McClain has said he is going to up the budget for next year
A vote was taken , and NY,NY was declared the winner . I then went around to everyone and the were cool with NYNY because it was putting an extra $100 in everyone's pocket . If you want to talk to everyone and try and convince them , let me know . By the way , how do I get my high score weekly money ? DO I have to wait until the end of the season .
Done . FYI , according to Trey , this does not go through ECC because it is physical..do you agree ? I changed sitara as well .
Is it 6 a.m . out there ? What in the hell are you already doing at work ?
I know what you mean . As far as the bed goes , you should do what I do...Go around to the other side and push your wife into the wet area .
I agree with you . We are going skiing in January . If ya'll want to come or come to a football game in the fall . I am not sure if we can make it out there before the end of the year . I have spoken for all of my vacation days . Did you see the sorry Astros released Cami today ? The man gave up all of that cash for us and is sitting in rehab for dependency and we walk out him . Typical Drayton McClain . Talk to you tomorrow .
I vote for a long lunch one day of the week or 6 p.m . on Monday or 6 p.m . on Wednesday
Does Denise have any interest in learning to ski ? I think it is an absolute blast . How are the negotiations going between Gwynn and the Padres ?
Pretty humorous .
Yeah man , tell me about that crazy night before . You know us married guys have to live vicariously through our single friends . Next time you are headed this way , please do give me a shout , we will have to get together and catch up . We can shoot a little pool at my house or go out to a bar . Good luck with the financing , please keep me informed . Thanks for the nice thoughts , same goes from me bro , I have been thinking about you for some time and hoping things were going well , I am glad they are going well .
I do not think I will be able to attend due to bid week . We are usually extremely busy during bidweek and we will be short handed . Please advise of any future sessions . Thanks .
We are having so much fun , we do not know what to do with ourselves . The P&L's are hosed , we are going to Fletch's happy hour now , maybe the numbers will make sense after that .
I ran a forwards detail for you on the deal from friday Q52255.1 , price of 3.85 . This deal is currently losing roughly $3,000 .
That really embarasses me .
How ashamed I am to read this .
The FRED file for Ontario did not include flashed liquidations detail . It appears the files were not prepared by risk . I have prepared the files and attached them . Do you mind including this in the FRED file and reissuing ? Thanks for your help , please call with questions .
FYI .
I guess I would be in , what is the fee going to be . It is a crap load of work .
I bid $3 on Troy Drayton
Tim Duncan is what ever the draft personnel categorize him as . Guranteed victories? ? What is your record this year thrill kill ? What was your record in basketball ? Enough said .
Pretty damn funny .
From all I have read , he seems to always thank his offensive line and recievers first . I heard that is what he said as soon as he got the game ball Saturday .
I can always count on you to put a unique spin on something . I am more concerned with him staying for his senior year .
He led the nation last year -JUCO- in rushing and touchdowns and was JUCO player of the year . He went to Butler JUCO and led them to a national championship . In the national championship game , he had 300 yards and 7 touchdowns . He has 3 touchdowns so far this year over 70 yards . He is a welcome addition to our poor running game .
The hell you did...don't be a dumb ass.(you need to remember who is giving you tickets this weekend) .
bring it . I guess you are right , you don't need tickets , hope you don't need any the rest of the season . I give you that whoopin at the bar this weekend .
We are in bid week right now , so I have to work late and can not take vacation , so I am catching a 10 p.m . flight out tomorrow and get to auburn about 2 a.m . I will be at your brother's by 7:15 a.m . on game day - you better be ready . I am coming in on Thursday night for the Georgia game and may stay in Birmingham that night...any vacancies ? I think we may play golf on Friday .
thanks man . I will let you know .
I understand Mick's point of view...So for everyone , I will also share my day...Get out of bed , shower , brush teeth , comb hair , don't forget that deodrant(that's both arms)...Take the bus..book deals til 5 p.m . and calc three books....Get the point . We are all busy , welcome to Enron . I think the point of the message , which I think should be directed at a few individuals that have shown a pattern..DON'T COMMITT YOURSELF TO SOMETHING YOU DO NOT INTEND TO DELIVER UPON .
I don't have to be talking about basketball to get the pattern...I am sorry , I didn't realize your girl told you about our morning routines .
Actually I was told it was a military invention and that we simply licensed the technology rights .
Thanks . I know for a fact he felt the same way .
Speaking of chargers , when is Ryan Leaf going to be stoned to death in the town square ?
I figured you would come back with that . Did he ever marry that charger doll or whatever they are called or did she wise up to the scam ?
HEAD! ! PANTS! ! NOW! ! That boy's cranium should is a virtual planetoid..It should have it's own weather system . That was low , the poor boy will probably cry himself to sleep on his large pillow . Great flick .
By the way....Do you need any tickets for the Georgia game ? I think I will have two extra . Let me know . Thanks .
Now it is on...bring it Bass . The PLove is back to sew up this league like I am doing in football . Come down my way and hand over my share of this week's pot . I guess I will get the pool again this week since I am playing you , the only one with a chance to outscore me .
GEAUX TIGERS!! ! Stock up on those Sharpies! !
works for me !
Per Bass- like last year we get 13 guys , one must remain on IR for the entire week . Note - the person does not have to be injured . Pickups and drops are every monday . If you do not know how to add/drop , ask any of us from last year .
Thanks for the pics .
Guess this should not come as a suprise to us . Unfortunately , rumor has it today Dubose will be fired .
FYI - Barry was not there last week .
Thought you might want some late breaking news .
That was nice!! ! I forgot what your reply was , do you need any of the two extra tickets I have for Saturday ? Thanks .
I have no idea , I went and early voted . Have fun standing in line . Call Paul Bettencourt - Tax Assessor's office .
Sure .
All done .
I plan on attending .
Man , I wish you could have made it to the reunion . We had a really good time and it was good to see everybody . What are you doing in Norway for a job ? I am still enjoying Enron . I am headed to Auburn this weekend for our last home game of the season . Should be fun . If we make it over to Europe any time soon , we will look you up . We will probably wait until Jackson is a little older so that he will enjoy it more . How is your Pop doing ? I bet he hates having you so far away . Did you purchase a new bronco when you got to Europe or have the old one shipped over ? Boy did we cruise in that thing . Stay in touch .
I will try and get it for you .
what is the word on the tickets ? Have you heard from your older brother ? I think he is planning on spending the night at my house tomorrow , but I have not heard from him .
I was just curious , thought Bill might need some , but I heard from him and he is good on tickets , so they are still yours for the taking .
The $33.82 rate I was qouted was after tax . I specifically asked this question on the phone and at the airport . Not a good way to do business .
I got Steve's email address . Here it is: Good luck . Stay in touch .
I still have them and they are yours..as always , only stipulation is that I get to go in with you and get my free coke . Still have not heard from your brother .
All yours bro .
When are you coming down to Auburn ? Your brother and I are going tonight and may set up the tent on Friday .
I wanted to pass along some items I would be interested in for Brown Bags: Options Greeks End of month procedures Thanks
I am going to try and capture the accomplishments I feel are relevant . Hopefully you will agree: 1 . Cleaned up oustanding Ontario operational analysis variances that extended up to 18 mos . of age 2 . Assisted in the transition of the ontario book to a US book 3 . Resolved roughly 5 million in operational analysis variances due to synthetic storage 4 . Assisted in the training of new team members 5 . Assisted in the modification of the Operational Analysis process(phase 2 requirements and form completion ) 6 . Survived first six months in risk
pretty funny .
Did you watch our boy Rudy Saturday night ? 170 yards rushing and was the man in OT . He is a stud , luckily he has said that he will be coming back next year . Are you guys still thinking of maybe joining us skiing ? Hope so .
Sign me up for light microwave popcorn .
Pretty funny .
Absolutely hilarious! !
I have friends who have no jobs or do not have to work at their jobs , therefore they can surf all day long and find good jokes . Those are two of my favorites as well .
I hope you know I am sending these to you in jest . I think it is funny . In all seriousness , good luck this weekend . Even with your record , I am nervous .
Price is changed . Geoff Storey did not want to argue with counterparty .
No changes for me - Sithe .
I have been meaning to email you all day . I have been extremely busy as wel . I am sorry to hear that . Ashley and I were looking forward to going out to dinner with you guys on Saturday . Maybe we will call your folks and see if they would like to go out for your dad's bday . I will have to give him a call tomorrow to wish him happy birthday . Do you have his number at work or an email at work ? Thanks . We look forward to seeing you soon . Take care .
Do you want to go over to the game in two weeks ? I got four tickets - 2 for your brother and 1 for me . Ashley is staying home . Let me know .
Going with the old hyphen huh?? ? How corporate of you . Hey , we got the beer . Thanks alot . Did customs give you a hard time for bringing a bunch of booze back ? Talk to you soon .
Your lucky those cans didn't explode and get all over your clothes huh ? Thanks again , it actually tastes pretty good , but you know my criteria for beer - cold . I was just giving you a hard time about the name , that is reason #4761 why it is good to be a man . Ashley did the same thing with the middle name , that way you keep some of your family . We finally got some cold weather here . I know you guys just got back from a vacation , but were wondering if you might like to join us for a skiing trip to Deer Valley . We are going Jan 6 - 13th . The accomodations are paid for , you would just have lift tickets and airfare . We are staying in a ski in and ski out condo , so we are going to do some grocery shopping and cook . Jason Tidwell and his girlfriend are coming in on the 6th and leaving on the 9th , so if you want to come in half time , that is cool too . Just let us know . Talk to you soon .
good luck . I would also suggest having a fire extinguisher handy as well . You can also always say the turkey is a Texas tradition - blackened . Deer Valley is in Utah - 45 minutes outside Salt Lake City . I got airfair from Houston for 200 per person . Have a happy turkey day .
I still have two tickets . Let me know soon .
I am available .
Too late....we had it for dinner last night . Matter of fact , I think I saw the maids packing up the leftovers this morning and heading your way . Enjoy .
Would you rather leave early every day and be over there by yourself , or work late a few days with good friends??? ? You tell me .
Your brother sold those tickets for me , so sorry , they are gone . Hey , I am meeting them in Atlanta and the Jocks adn Jills sports bar in CNN Center before the game . Please come join us . I will arrive about 11:30 a.m . Talk to you soon . WAR DAMN EAGLE! !
They are pretty well known here and are pretty expensive . Their store is in a very nice area of houston . Should be ok .
No , we go January 6-13th . I can not wait . It has been two years since we have gone .
So am I . I heard through the grapevine that we will be heading out to Ditka's for your birthday on Thursday ? I also heard rumors that they may be closing that casino down . I hope it is not before Jazz Fest .
I would definitely enjoy playing black jack with you till 5 in the morning again .
That will be the first thing when we sit down - here is the card and bring on the beer winch .
I will definitely pack my beanbag just in case . Since you are the only one willing to go with me to secure a good space , we will need something to pass the time besides beer .
Hey what time were you meeting us up at Jock's and Jill's tomorrow ? Your brother said you won't be in till around 3 p.m . You need to get there earlier than that if I am going to buy you a beer .
WHat time are you coming to Jock's & Jill's tomorrow ? I will be there around 11 a.m . Are you doing anything tomorrow night ? I hear the Gold club calling . I am staying at the Holiday Inn at the Airport . There is also a big boxing match tomorrow night - Vargas and Trinidad - should be a dandy .
sounds good .
Matt Stover , K Bal - $26
This deal is booked correctly . The external fee , labeled exchange fee is the . 145 cents per mm that we owe them for the exchange . The confirmation letter is wrong . The fee per Geoff Storey the trader is . 145 . This is also known as a spread fee . If you have any questions , please feel free to call 3-7376 .
I like that .
Could you please change the curve mappings on a type of trade for Robyn Menear . THe trade is a GD Index swap for out months . THe product type is US GAS Basis - GD/M Trunk WLA . This is currently being mapped to a GDP curve adn we need it changed to TRUNKL/WLA-GD . Robyn sets this curve everyday as a basis curve . Thanks . If you have any questions or concerns , please feel free to shout .
Sorry it has taken so long to get back with you . Work has been real hectic . Trust me , I feel old as well . The old body doesn't cooperate like it use to . Jackson and Ashley are doing great . We got our tree up and he just rounds around pointing at the glass balls on the tree and yelling balls!!! ! This christmas should be fun . When are you coming out here to visit ?
Hey man , our new address is: 4435 Sterling Wood Way
Glad to hear this . read the whole story , hopefully it is true .
I will be there .
I do not mind us bringing JAckson . I understand your desire to be with him all the time , but I would like to occasionally do something with our friends for a vacation that is just us . I think in time you will become more comfortable , and I will just wait for that time . You need to talk to your mom and decide if we are going this weekend . If we go we need to make plans for barkley . Bundle Jackson up this morning it is near freezing . Please cover the plants out back . Thanks .
I want to play on the motley side . I am off work the next day , so I will try and make it .
The trees in the bed should be fine . Just the azaleas and the garlic .
Ashley and I need your address again and your uncles' addresses for Christmas cards . How is married life treating you ? Good I hope . What are you guys doing for Christmas ? Are your folks coming in ? We are staying in Houston . Should be nice and quiet . We are going to have a few people over for new year's , but nothing special .
That is what I had for your address , just checking . We had a blast with your uncles as well . We were wqanting Bobby , Carl and John's adresses . I guess we also need there wifes names , even though we did not meet them at the wedding . I don't know what we will do when your parents leave houston . I guess we will have to make more frequent trips to Denver . Since I have a small family and Ashley is so far from her family , it is nice to have special friends that you consider family . Plus , you know how special you have always been and will be to me . Sounds like work is going great , glad to hear it . Sad to hear you are working my kind of hours now . Work is the same for me , learning a lot , but counting the days till my rotation to a new group . Talk to you soon .
simmer down missy... .
I just don't want you getting me worked up when there is nothing I can do about it now .
I had a little bird put a word in my ear . Is there any possibility for Ben Raimer to be Bush's secretary of HHS ? Just curious about that infamous UTMB rumor mill . Hope things are well , happy holidays .
FYI - I spoke with Misti Day today regarding negative orig that was flashed and booked to GD - Central . This negative orig(revenue ) is being transferred to the Central desk to cover the transportation demand charges that were incurred related to this orig . Per Misti , this amount will come through in November and needs to be reclassed to July August adn September . Cathy has the correct amounts on her back pages . Please shout with any questions .
sounds good . We will have to start getting firm replies from people soon . Is the full amount still due on Feb . 15th ? If so , people will have to give us their money by then .
Sounds good to me . Make me a plate , remember I have a 9 basketball game , so I will be home about 10:30 .
I will be on vacation but will be there the next week .
Here are the P&L file and positions . I will be on vacation next week , Kam will be covering for me . Thanks .
Trader E-Mail for nightly P&L and Positions:
We leave here Thursday April , 26th and return Monday April 30th . What are your plans ?
Hey man , check this out . I have planned the same trip . We are actually going in on Wednesday night - the 14th . We are staying at NY,NY . We will have to hook up . Rachel Bonilla and her husband are going to be there as well that weekend . Should be fun .
Aren't you LSU boys starting your usual shit talking a little early this year ? When you can finally beat my school in football then I will start listening to your BS . FYI , those guys leaving has been helping our recruiting .
maybe you guys can finally beat us now that we have so many guys going to the pros . What the hell is Booty thinking ? Any one that drafts him has got to be a fool . I guess he saw the writing on the wall that Rohan would be getting the PT .
I just got back in the office from a week off , so I am catching up this morning . I will unfortunately be unable to attend your meeting this morning . I need to try and get prepared for the afternoon meeting . Thanks .
Sounds great . We will have to meet up somewhere . We are staying at the NY,NY under my name . I feel the same . I really enjoy seeing you , but as usual , the visits are too short . We will just have to make more frequent trips to Denver . I will write more later , trying to get caught up from a week off . Jackson did get the gift for Christmas from you , the thank you card should be in the mail . Thanks .
Ya nknow , every year it is the same thing with you guys....we are going to dominate....we are the best . The problem is you never deliver .
Congratulations . I thought you said you were done after one ? I am sure your son will absolutely love having someone to play with . I just got back from a week off , so I am swamped . I am now the business controller for our desk , so I have reviews and a million other things to catch up on . We will have to chat later .
I was out of town this past week and did not get back until Saturday night . Sorry I missed your call . What was the outcome on the game saturday ? I will try and make it to practice tonight . I have a new job at Enron that keeps me here most night until 8 p.m . or so .
Attached are the files you requested from the central desk . Please add my name to your email list for P&L requests . I am now the lead for the Central desk . Thanks . If you have any further questions , please feel free to give me a shout .
Who in the hell is getting married in Cabo ? That sure is different . You will have to go to Jazz fest with us next year . Just let me know . We reserve the extra rooms around Jan . and have to pay for them by Feb . 15th . How is your new job going ? I am staying too damn busy here , Darron got me in all kinds of trouble . See you in Vegas .
Darron talked the higher ups here into making me the business controller for the Central desk . So now my hours are longer and responsibility greater all for the same pay . I guess I did n't have to do the stupid thing and accept , but oh well . We will see if I can handle another year in risk . Talk to you soon .
Looks correct to me Dawnie . Please add my name to this email if you continue to send this file out . Thanks .
You are right about one thing....it seems there is never a time when we are not busy here. . With the job change , my work schedule just got worse . Sorry if I sounded wierd , did not mean too , I am sure it was just htat I was in a hurry . Talk to you soon .
Thanks for the good words , hope to see you in Vegas . Stay out of trouble .
Not so fast buddy . Check out this article .
Jim , Please adjust the sithe storage account to a price of $0 , instead of wacog . This adjustment should not have to go back any further than 11/99 . The Pipeline is Union Gas Limited and the storage contract number is 96041510 . Please shout with any questions . Jennifer , this should eliminate the current outstanding variances and create a variances for all past months that have been cleaned up . The P&L impact of the new variances should be minimal due to the small volume nature of these transactions in the past . I believe the variances will be a gain . Thanks for you help guys .
Please send me more information on book G5 . The person that runs that book , FTOC , is not aware of this book . Please send me the book name and we will try and track it down . FYI , please send all future Central desk/Ontario desk inquires to me . Kam has moved to the East desk and I am now the lead for the Central . Thanks for your help .
I have not seen the increased volumes . I will ask andy tomorrow about them . The original 13K and 30 K are in Sitara .
I just wanted to update you guys on the status of the EMW reports for Hunter . The EMW Positions_1 file is now updated and accurate . Every night when Kevin finishes his P&L file and updates the EMW Positions file , he will email the entire central team . If one of us is still here , we can print out the necessary reports and leave them on Hunter's desk . If no one is here , the first person in will need to print these reports out and give them to Hunter with the Var report . For the time being Hunter will be the only one needing these reports , I will communicate any change in distribution that he requests . Also for the time being , we will be going into Kevin's P&L file , which is in the same location as our intra month P&L's that we sign off on , and printing the four tabs that he has identified in the email attached . When Hunter has time to review this format with me , we may make changes to the reports we print out . The EMW positions_1 file is in the same location as our CE Positions_1 file . Please as always , shout with any questions or concerns . Thanks for your help .
Please add me to this list . I am replacing Kam on the Central desk , she is moving to the east desk .
FYI .
sounds like a great plan . Talk to you more about it tonight .
I already have access .
I have a few concerns about this . We are suppossed to be the only point of contact for changes in tagg . This is an internal control issue that leaves all responsibility for errors in tagg with risk . If other people are touching deals in tagg , any errors will then have to be investigated further and thus take longer to resolve . I guess my main question for you is , does a problem exist in the current system ? Is risk not addressing your issues and needs on a timely basis ? If so , we need to readdress that issue and resolve it in a more timely manner . Please let me know if the others disagree with me . Thanks .
Here was my original response to her . Joe Hunter is fine with me .
Here are a list of TAGG3's that were already linked: If you have any questions are need help with this , please let me know . Thanks for your help .
That is all fine with me . Just ask mom what she wants to do . She will not flip out again , I think . We can see if she wants to do anything on his actual birthday . What are we going to actually do after the Gymboree thing , are we inviting anyone else over ?
I forgot to tell you last night , Ginger called and said Tori will be there . I thought there were possibly going to be other kids there as well . What about just going out to eat at Lupe's with your mom and nonnie ? That sounds good to me . We do not have to have a party with Brian/Rebecca , Kim and Ev and then they feel obligated to bring a gift . No big deal to me and I am sure no big deal to them . What are we doing for dinner tonight ?
What are you doing home in the middle of the day ?
I did not see the two sitara numbers on the email . Please send me the numbers and I will change them now . Thanks .
These two deals , 249262 & 565833 are changed for February out . I will tell the risk team that all new deals at NGPL/Nipsco should be at NIPS/NGPL - 9260 . Is this correct ?
FYI , all new deals that are at NGPL/Nipsco , need to be in sitara at Nipsco/NGPL . Please shout with any questions .
Can you please set this new location up , Nipsco/NGPL , with curves the same as the original point , NGPL/Nipsco . I believe they are as follows: gas daily should be GDP-CHI . GATE , the intramonth should be NGI/CHI . GATE , and the Mid should be NGI/CHI./NIPSCO . Please shout with any questions . Thanks for your help .
Attached is a file we put together with the daily figures on them for Central 1 & Central 2 . The total page should tie to what I gave you last week . I highlighted the five days on each month the highest absolute value change . I then attached those days P&L top sheets . Please review this information and let us know what type of detailed support you will need . Thanks .
guess it helps to attach the file .
I am hoping you will be the right person to talk with . Rahil Jafry referred me to you . I am the risk management lead for the Central Gas desk . Currently our traders utilize an EOL weighted average gas price report on EOL to set their curves for the next gas day , i.e . their curves set today for tomorrow's gas flow . I was first inquiring with EOL if they could possibly provide this report in downloadable format(excel ) and they sent me to Rahil , who then sent me to you . Is this possible ? Please feel free to contact me for any additional information or if this is really confusing . Please let me know if you are not the right person to contact and I will start over with EOL . Thanks for your assistance in this matter . Phillip
Thanks for your help . This sounds like a good fit for us . The only issues I have or need addressed is for this file to have the same name and have the curves in the same cells so that we can just link to the file in our curve file . The other concern is that the data be there by 2:30 p.m . everyday(prices for the next gas day) . Thanks so much for your help .
I suggest not watching this after eating or drinking too much .
This deal is ok for now because it only has a volume in for January . If the trader changes the volume for the out months , we will need to have it in tagg . thanks .
Good to see . Thanks for forwarding .
Please add Victor Guggenheim to your list . Thanks for the email . FYI , I am sure that Fletch and Martin appreciate your email last night as well .
This is one of andres' deals , can you help it do the calc sheet scott ?
Pretty damn funny .
Andres just got the ticket this morning , he is putting it in as we speak . Thanks .
For future months , please add Bruce Mills to this list . He is the book admin for FT-Cent and GD-Central . Thanks .
FYI
FYI...please for my sanity , lets try and keep these to a minimum in the future . Thanks . P.S . Thanks in advance for all of your help for me today and tomorrow .
I have also been meaning to email you . Unfortunately , I do not have much time to talk with you , I have to head out to alabama unexpectedly , my gradfather is pretty ill . We were wondering if you guys might want to go to Jazz fest . THe dates are 4/226-4/30(thurs . arrival , monday departure) . We have about 5 couples going right now and the room rate is $440 per couple for all four nights total . Let me know if you are interested , we have to have the rooms paid for by 2/15/01 . Talk to you soon . Thanks .
Thanks . I think we have everything covered . We are taking Jackson , I believe everyone else is leaving their kids at home . If you guys want to bring Drew , we have no problem with that , there however won't be any other kids his age to play with . Talk to you next week .
Thanks for the invite . Unfortunately , I have to go out of town tonight unexpectedly . Have fun .
looks good to me.(steve talked to me about him) .
Thanks VIc .
FYI .
Sounds good to me . We just wanted to invite you guys anyway . We look forward to seeing you in April . My grandfather actually passed away on Thursday afternoon and we had the funeral on Saturday . I had to give the eulogy and boy was it difficult . I bet a stood there for 1 minute without saying a word , unable to hold my emotions . I hope I never have to do that again . Thanks for your thoughts . I actually had a dream this morning about talking to you about it . Wild huh ? Talk to you soon .
Sorry it has taken me a few days to get back with you , I had to leave town unexpectedly and just returned today . All of that sounds great , how about putting the file in the O drive under erms/1intra/central . Please name the file EOL curves . Please let me know if you have any problems . Thanks for your help on this matter .
using the wrong head I think . According to the official Jazz Fest website , there are only 87 days till Fest 2001 . Harrah's! ! Harrah's! ! Harrah's! !
Thanks for your wishes and I am confident all your prayers helped me get through the weekend . Thanks again for your kind words .
Has then been fixed yet ? Thanks for the Jesse joke , pretty funny .
Will you cehck this out and see if it is for real ? Also , did you talk to the day care about watchmegrow.com ?
have you heard anything from Jim on these ? How are we looking on back pages ? Let me know and I can take some time with you to help and clean them up further . Thanks .
The room is $440 per couple for the four nights or $220 per person . The fest tickets are $15 a day and people usually go 2 of the three days . there is also a Harrah's casino across the street from our condo . The condo's have kitchen's in them so people and buy groceries and stuff and eat there mainly . We go every year and have a blast . If you are interested let me know .
Can we go ahead and take the unexplained amount ( numbers at the bottom of your schedule ) for Ontario thru 0008 . It appears that the number will be roughly 25K in income , making the number 255K unexplained and that will be for the months 0009-0011 . Can we also do the same on Central through 0006 , this will be roughly 56K in expenses . This will clean up that as well . Please shout if there are any problems . Thanks .
We have had a problem arise today with some deals that are being booked in sitara by originators and deal tickets/notebooks are not being communicated properly to ensure entry into TAGG & Sitara for prompt month deals . Would you mind forwarding this email to your groups and asking them to copy the other desks on any originator notebooks that they get that involve pipelines on other desks . For example , Nelson Ferries writes all of his deals on one sheet and all deals by pipeline are on one page . This would simply be an additional step to verify all deals are being captured . Hopefully this will eliminate any future problems . If you have any suggestions for ways to better handle this , please let me know . Thanks .
FYI , I have been notified by Hunter again that any future srew ups are my behind . So , please verify your P&L's nightly for accuracy , mainly curve shift and new deal problems . Curve shift reports should be run for all of your P&L's and new deals should be tied out before calcing . I know you guys almost always do this , I am just giving you a friendly reminder since Hunter is going to be watching us even closer now . Also , please remember when we change any deals in sitara to notify the intra month trader . I also heard this request from Hunter . Thanks again for everything while I was out and keep up the good work .
I agree with that totally . Jeff should we get a meeting set up with LaGrasta to discuss this with him . Please let me know your thoughts .
FYI , a note from the top . If you need help , let me know .
check this out...next time check your sources .
thanks for your help .
this is the kid from opelika correct ? I heard when he committed last week , all the publications took him from a 5 star to four star . SOunds like a little biased alabama propaganda . I talked with the guy at the vet school today about donations in PaPa's name . He was telling me to call him anytime I am down there and he will get us a tour of the eagle's new digs and the entire raptor center . Sounds like a lot of fun . Let me know if you are interested during football season .
Here is an article for all you LSU boys who kept saying Tuberville was leaving .
You should enjoy this article .
once again , keep your mouth shut til you beat my team . You have not proved anything yet .
your so poetic , please continue to share with me your true feelings , it only increases my opinion of LSU alums .
can you provide me with a deal number to check into this matter ?
I have a favor to ask . Would you mind asking your team to email or phone me when they make a location change on a deal in sitara . We had a case yesterday where a deal was originally entered at one location for the deal and for the hedge . The point was incorrect and a person in logistics corrected it . The problem occurs in that sitara looks to verify the locations are the same on the deal and the hedge and if they are , it will then value the deal in the trader's book at mid . If the locations are different , it will value the deal at the customer price . This could potentially have a large impact on the trader's P&L . It does not seem pertinent to have your guys changing swap locations in addition to changing deal locations due to time constraints . We will be more than happy to make the changes , and we should also be able to catch these problems in the first place when we calc our books . I would greatly appreciate your groups help in cutting some of these issues off at the pass . If you have any questions or concerns , please feel free to give me a shout . Thanks .
I have no knowledge of the change , it does not affect me . Sorry I am unable to help .
Your just pissed because I was right about that recruit all along . You might try Kathy Kelly .
FYI , please also know that if the change is simply a meter change , that does not effect the value . Only the Pipeline and trading zone will effect the value . Thanks again .
touchy,touchy . seems like the frustration of three straight top 5 recruiting classes with nothing to show for it are getting to you . It will be ok . Hopefully Mack can get some coaching in their to go with his powers of persuasion .
Chad , do you even know what is coming out of your mouth ? When did you become such a football expert ? I recall Blanchard and the boys having to teach you about the game .
Please do not try and compare Louisiana to Alabama . There is only one university in Louisiana . You can not hold it against Auburn that Napoleonville has only been able to support one university . Tulane is strictly academics and we are talking sports .
I responded , I just did not copy anyone .
Did you not hear me . I said I was talking athletics . Do you want me to break out academics with you ? I will be more than happy to discuss Auburn . Top 15 schools for your money , US News & World Report . Behind the service academies , more astronauts than any other university . Top ten among universities in terms of fortune 500 CEO's , Fortune Magazine . The point , don't try and act like LSU is the best school in the land . Just because Enron doesn't recruit at some schools , doesn't mean they are inferior academically . I would much rather have a degree from Tulane than LSU or Auburn , in terms of academic stature . You should know that recruiting at Enron has and will always be political . You have to have someone from that school in upper managment request trips be made . I can promise you in the next 2-3 years they will be recruiting at Auburn . I and anothe alum have already discussed it with HR .
This should have been cc to you . I think development made a mistake and cc
Tell you what Chad , you win . I really am tired of banging my head against a wall talking to an irrational person . I was not trying to make fun of your school , you chose that route . I was trying to make a simple point that recruiting at Enron does not make a school elite . Does NASA recruit at LSU ? Does IBM ? Who cares ? The point once again , we were talking about SPORTS!!! ! See you in Baton Rouge in September . Go ahead and respond , so that way you have the "last word" .
I deleted the file .
Do you have an updated status on this issue ? Thanks .
check this out . Hopefully he will qualify .
Let's hope he qualifies . That could be a game breaker .
After meeting with Larry Joe Hunter , we will not be granting tagg access to his group . They were wanting access to change deals that were booked to the wrong counterparty . The problem here lies in that they were wanting to do these changes in the afternoon while we were calcing . This is not an option . Therefore , the resolution is we are responsible for these corrections . We must get the deals entered into the system with the correct counterparty initially . Our credit risk exposure is the bottom line . If we do not have all the deals to the right counterparty each day , we may not be receiving enough money on Letter of Credit from CP's . FYI , this is going to be a highly visible area for us to make mistakes . If we continue to make these mistakes , we as a group will catch severe fire . To help us do this correctly , Bianca will be handing out a revised and updated counterparty list on a monthlly basis . We will still have emails sent denoting CP name changes , I reccomend writing these down on your sheets to keep for future reference . If all else fails and there is something you are not sure about , please call Bianca Ornelas at 5-3782 . If you have any questions , please give me a shout . Thanks .
I have no seat for him until Feb 15th when Palmer leaves . I will see what I can find out in terms of Kam moving .
Here is the information for the Endowment to share with Dr . Cashon . The contact is Sam Hendrix , Director of Development School of Vetinary Medicine Make the checks payable to Auburn University Foundation , with a note or write in memo - Memorial for Dr . W.H . Burgess Mail check to Sam's attention: 317 South College Street Auburn University , AL 36849 Sam's phone number is 334-844-1446 . He said anyone can contact him at any time . Let me know if you have anymore questions .
FYI , I got a message from Elizabeth Hernanadez that we are missing a few of these sitara numbers in tagg when we are booking deals . She fixed the ones we missed yesterday . Please put these numbers in because it is vital to resolving OA variances that we are able to tie tagg deals to sitara .
Thank you . It means alot to have friends that are always willing to help . Everything gets better with time and I am definitely doing better this week . Thanks again for your thoughts .
That's cool . Elizabeth Soto actually was able to get me the tickets I needed . I was trying to cover the bases . Thanks for trying . How is everything else going ? Good I hope .
Thanks for the thoughts . Sorry it has taken me a few days , work has been really crazy . Sounds like you are doing a little more travelling huh ? How do you like it ? I will keep your cell number and try and give you a call to talk in real life . Looking forward to seeing you guys during easter . Hopefully we will not be heading to alabama for the weekend . Talk to you soon . Thanks again .
here is the information . Make check payable to Auburn University Foundation , with a note or in memo that the gift is for a memorial for Dr . W.H . Burgess . Mail the check to Auburn University c/o Sam Hendrix , Director of Development Vet . School 317 South College Street Auburn University , AL 36849 Thanks so much for your kindness , support and generosity .
Please verify that all of these deals in your books have been flipped out . We should not have many . Shout with any questions .
thanks for the update .
here are my changes , highlighted in yellow .
did this ever get resolved ?
Jim , would you mind setting up a meeting with the appropriate people so that we can get this resolved , I was assured by Misti Day the first week of December that this would be fixed . Thanks for your help .
FYI , Sally is getting an ear full today from the RAC group about unofficialized post id's . We run a macro every night to verify these are officialized . I just want to remind everyone that this is very important that we do this . Our group and Jeff will catch tremendous heat if these errors continue . Again , this is just a reminder , we are doing a good job on this currently . Thanks .
All of central books are done . If you are missing any econ details , please let me know .
FYI
FYI , make sure the tab on your P&L file has been changed to match this email . This is really important since we are moving books around tonight . Thanks .
Where did you go fishing , offshore ? Who all went with you ? This company that you work for...is it named after your old girlfriend ?
Sounds like fun man . Do you ever do any bay fishing ? If you want to , let me know and I would love to go . I like to wade fish so that I can use my fly rod . I need to get my licensed renewed . How much did you catch ?
this is really funny .
Ruth , I wanted to give you the details of how we placed these numbers in 1 . Instead of reducing the purchase price in Sitara(we would capture this revenue in the P&L in two months with OA , we want to complete the transaction in the current P&L ) we have written a physical annuity between ENA and Sithe Power QP7914.2 . Please settle this with January's physical purchase . 2 . Sithe then receives 50% of this incremental revenue , this was booked in a financial annuity QP7914.1 , this should also be settled with January's invoices . 3 . We have placed the Power portion of the revenue in Schedule B in the FT-Ontario book(this is due to the Sithe P&L limitations , we will be modifying the book set up for any future deals such as this) . A financial annuity was then written between Sithe and Ontario to recognize the schedule B item in the sithe book and keep Ontario flat(TAGG#QP7914.3) . 4 . The final $550,919 was then granted out to you via origination from the FT-Ontario book(same reasons as above ) and an annuity was then written to the FT-Ontario book to keep it flat.(TAGG#QP7914.4) . These four deals in TAGG will keep the sithe book flat and should accomplish the goals of your email below . If you have any questions or concerns , please feel free to contact me at 3-7376 . Thanks . Enron North America Corp .
FYI , you may see some January/February OA variances on Sithe due to these tagg numbers . The sitara deal number involved is 543246 . Shout with any questions .
Please set up the two books attached . Shout with any questions . Thanks .
that is ok . Thanks for the update .
looks good to me .
you know i am always in need of some male bonding . You guys decide if you want to go to Jazz Fest ? Do not forget about my mom's offer relating to said event . Talk to you soon .
sorry I forgot to reply . I was at the gym for the first time in 3 years . I really needed the workout . I will be there next week . Thanks .
EY3999.E is a northeast deal . If you look in teh liquidation file under peoples sales , you will see this liquidation . The point in tagg is a northeast point , so they will have the sitara number , the contact for you should be Kam Keiser .
Sitara #119378 is for all three N17872 legs and EY4000.2 is sitara #115203 . THe remaining liquidation EY4008.2 should be a liq no flow . The deal was killed .
I got this from elizabeth . IF you really want to change the date let me know , it is scheduled for next Friday . When the move occurs , we can take the PC on palmer's new desk and move it to mick's old desk . I will move that .
he is taking his . There is a pc on the desk next to kam already .
Brian McKnight isn't too bad either . Although , overall , I was nto that impressed with the schedule this year for either weekend . I wil however still have the best weekend of the year .
Thanks for your prompt assistance with these books .
These deals are not even on my desk . All but the physical forward belong to the Price Desk . the physical foward is a Texas desk deal . You should contact the leads of those two risk groups - Errol McLaughlin and Dave Baumbach respectively . Sorry I can't help .
Remove Scott Palmer from the list attached effective 2/15/01 and add Anna Kulic starting tomorrow .
FYI . We are under the mandate...no more screw ups .
My groups survey should be there for January , I just finished . Please let me know if you need any more information . Thanks .
I think I have 35,000 continental miles also . I think that it is only 20,000 for a free flight . You decide .
Please inactivate the FT-INT-CNT-TRAN book in TAGG . All of the sub books associated with this should also be inactivated , i.e . Price , Basis , Index and GD . The trader responsible for these books has been gone for over 6 months and all the deals in that book have now rolled off . If you need any further information , please feel free to give me a shout . Thanks for your help .
Let me know if you have to change any of these . I would say track it down with volume mgmt . As far as I can tell , this deal ended 12/31/00 .
A Texas grad I work with found this on one of his alum sites . The guy that put this out - Flea- is the auburn guy who runs thetigeronline.com . Pretty funny .
Not too late , I have to pay for the rooms a week from today . Hurry , hurry , Talk to you soon .
Please email me with requests for central deals . Thanks .
Just wanted to give you guys a reminder when it comes to new deals out of our traders notebooks . Please check each morning when you copy the new deals for the current day that you verify the prior day's last deal was entered . It is very easy to miss a deal the trader does after four and the trader's do not always remind us that they did a deal late . I spoke with hunter this morning and he wants these mistakes to stop . This doesn't happen often , put it is very easy to miss these types of deals in the future . Thanks for your help .
Please do this asap for your books . I will check victor's books . Thanks .
Here is FT-Ontario's value for Co Energy . Storey only had basis and index deals with them . Please let me know if this format is not good for you .
I did see that , I think they have him in a JC in Kansas . Hopefully we will get him in two years .
Fax me the contract so that I can share this info with the trader . 713-646-2496 . Thanks .
The weekend is April 27th thru the 30th(arrive thur night and return monday a.m. , four night minimum) . We have four rooms total , two are completely booked and 1 couple is in the 3rd room . Each room sleeps 3 couples . just let me know , we would love to have you guys . Room is $440 per couple for the entire weekend .
Please mad GRLK/St . Clair to the same curve that TCPL/St . Clair GL is mapped , CGPR-St . Clair . Thanks for your help .
works for me .
FYI
I just went to look at the file and the data is yesterday's data . We need the current prices that are set each day at roughly 12:10 for the gas day of the next day . Please let me know if this does not make sense . Thanks .
I have to say , I would be offended by that prayer too . FYI , I will be in town this weekend(Haleyville) . We are packing up PaPa's stuff on Saturday if you want to come by and hang out . Mom and I are probably going to head out Saturday afternoon . Just a thought .
looks like he has taken the picture down . It sure was funny .
Hey girl , you guys figure out about Jazz Fest yet ? We have to pay for the rooms tomorrow . I need to know ASAP . Hope everything is going good .
FYI , I wanted to let you guys know of an OA problem that I am seeing on the central desk for december 2000 . It appears deals that are gas daily priced deals are being priced incorrectly in Unify . Two gas daily publications came out at the end of the year . The publication on the 29th was for trans . dated the 28th and flowing the 29th . The next gas daily publication came out on the 2nd of Jan . and was for trans . 29th flowing the 1st adn 2nd . We flashed gas daily prices for the 30th & 31st that equalled the GD publication of the 2nd . This is correct , we should pay sat . and sunday based on Monday's price . Settlements paid the 30th & 31st at the 29th's price . I am going to give Bryce a call , I just wanted to share this with you since you should be seeing OA forms starting today for Dec production . If you disagree with my logic , please give me a shout . Thanks .
I got an update from Bryce . In the back of the publication for 1/2/01(page 7) , there are prices for the 30th & 31st . It appears the 30th & 31st got pub posted at the first page of the 1/2/01 publication . Therefore , we are going to see OA on these deals .
FYI guys . Save this stuff for after hours .
You can ask fabiola . We are not in a bind we are still waiting on a few people to get back with us . I think ashley was calling Monica and Jaime to see if they were interested and Ricky and Tanya . The only bad thing is they have to let us know tomorrow if they are interested . Sorry you are unable to make it , maybe next year .
Here is my groups book administrators . If you need any further information , please let me know . Thanks .
No new deals for central desk since bid week .
Today's file looks good . Thanks for your help .
that is fine with me . He said however that he will have an answer for me this morning . If he leaves we should definitely cancel .
FYI , Please book all future GD priced tiered deals as two deals in sitara . The reason for this is eventhough we put a swap on the deal for the volume that should be at index , the swap looks at the volume as a monthly volume as opposed to a daily and gives the monthly volume to the desk at mid . What typically happens is the total volume for the first half of the month comes to the desk entirely at mid . This is causing some substantial OA variances . If you have any questions , please let me know . Thanks .
As is the case will all FT-Ontario deals done at a US point , the deal must flow physically from a US book eventhough the canadian trader gets the long term income/loss from the deal . This is a commercial decision that risk has to abide by . The OA group , specifically John Valdes has given Jim Little the deal numbers in the past that comprise this problem to eliminate repeat performances . This deal in question began in 11/00 and since you are doing december OA I would assume this one has not yet made the list . I suggest forwarding to Jim LIttle/John Valdes to eliminate future problems . Thanks .
Can either of the two distinguished Jim's from accounting help me with a financial liquidation problem from 0007 . I have a deal NR2989.1 that is showing up in my actuals for the beloved FRED file for this production month . When I look at the deal in TAGG , the deal is an annuity booked to NG-Price . I do not believe this should be in the central region . Any assistance in clearing this is much appreciated due to the fun meeting we had yesterday regarding financial liquidations . Thanks for your help guys . Cathy this should clear/address all of our issues in 0007 for fin . liq .
Attached is the fred file . On the recon variances tab , please note the liquidations coded in puke green , bright pink , blood red and blue . These items will resolve our variance within 60K . We will take the 60K expense . Please try and resolve those issues before close of 0201 . Let me know if you get resistance or need help . Thanks .
helps is I attach the damn thing .
Attached is the revised 0006 FRED please transfer the EMW items to the EMW line and settlements will have to resolve these issues . Thanks .
The feeling is mutual . Things are going good , even better if I could get out of here at a decent time . At least I don't have Susan's hours . Are you coming to her happy hour tonight ? Talk to you soon . Enron North America Corp .
We need to keep this for Jackson .
looks like my boy .
We will also take the interdesk variance for 0011 - $123K
Also , in 0006 theres is a synthetic deal identified as NN4016 with NNG for $265K , this deal is in sitara 301891 under CPR Pipeline storage . The terms match and we should have no variance . Please ask Gas accounting why we do not have a variance on synthetic line - probably Jim Pond . Thanks .
0011 Lone liquidation variances: CES-Dynegy - these tagg numbers are EFP deals and we had variances show up in forms and we should have used these to clear . ECS - this tagg number has a sitara deal - 309408 that did not flow . The gas that was suppossed to flow on this deal , flowed on 310637 - Northern Natural . This tagg should be part of that variance for settlements . Reliant Energy - that is a synthetic storage deal that flowed , sitara #456560 , again , no variance to the desk . Move WPL variance to its own line and we will take the remaining variance to the desk . Let me know if you need further info on this category .
0010 Lone Liquidations: Phillips N45554.3 is a take to the desk , deal was killed in sitara PGL&C should be transferred to the Peoples desk - tagg has the book as Take remaining variance .
0009 Lone Liquidations: NU2698.2 is an EMW liquidation and goes with Sitara #359527 , tsf this to the EMW line should clear both variances . We need to take the Phillip's liquidation just like 0010 - deal killed Desk will also take the remaining $1,500 variance
0008 Lone liquidations can you please get the tagg number for the aurora liquidation tsf from the East Is the NGPL purchase variance for roughly $109K part of the the N50101 - syn storage ? WPS liquidation NV8650.1 is a option premium that is being paid on sitara #384296 12/00-2/01 . This liquidation needs to be seperated out to its own line and split accordingly along the months 12/00 & 01/01 - $116,250 and 2/01 $105,000 . We should get oa forms on this deal for these months that this liquidation will offset . Take remaining $7K Thanks .
Take the variance for 0006 lone liq - $31K
The desk will take the lone liquidations for 0007 - $130K
I am curious why N70012.Q is a variance in 0001 and N70012.R is not a variance in 0008 . If you look in the two fred files , 0001 has the liq flashed and not in the GL , and in 0008 the liquidation is in flash and the GL . The counterparties in both are the same . Jim needs to revise 0001 file . Shout with any questions . Thanks .
take the cilco 44K from 0003
Check this out . Can you get in touch with Fab .
FYI .
Thanks again for your help this weekend . I enjoyed hanging out with you .
Looks good to me . - I noticed a note on an ECC purchase - Q29840 - sitara killed , the wrong sitara number is on that tagg - the correct number is 430538 . I made the change in tagg . The transcanada liquidation that are not highlighted are the exchange deals that are not showing up in the GL . This is the huge problem that seems to not ever get resolved .
To me , this looks to be a sign problem in the FRED model . The variance in all cases is exactly double the flashed amount . Jim please verify if this is correct . Thanks .
Sorry guys , this slipped my mind today , will you please email Joe hunter this information today before you calc . Thanks .
I am meeting monthly with each person in my group to go over their training plans and get feedback on things they would like assistance with . I need to still meet with Souad for this month and need to get with Anna and go over the information that I have given her . One thing that seems to have come up several times is the desire to continue the brown bag sessions . Some topics that have come up are OA and curve mapping . I have talked with Kam about this and we are going to try and put something together .
Please replace your physical tabs in your P&L to the file format attachedbelow . This should eliminate interdesk variances . You will need to add thMTM information and any transport/flash to actual items that you currentlymay have on your physical tab . I would suggest doing this tomorrow morningwhen you roll your P&L . Shout with any questions . Thanks .
3 is a good time , please add Darron Giron , Dave Baumbach and Kam Keiser . Thanks for your help .
Thursday is great .
Use this file instead .
can you please get this right .
This should be the final and correct version . Hopefully Mausser got it right this time .
The issue of respect can be addressed in one simple two word phrase - DRAFT DODGER! !
Just wanted to let you know that we are having global counterparties in Houston inactivate the spot contract we have with Sunoco Inc so that anyone that tries to book a deal to this entity wil have to get a contract in place or get this one reactivated . This difficulty should send up a red flag and keep deals from flowing with this counterparty . Please let me know if you need any further information . Thanks .
We will take this variance to the desk then .
We will take the DPR/Consolidated flash variance of 259K expense . Thanks
I will attend .
Per reconciliation with TAGG , I have changed this price to be IF/NNG/VENT - . 03 . If you have any more questions , please let me know . Please let me know what the increased invoice amount was for 11/00 & 12/00 . Thanks .
thanks for the info .
We will take the variance on Central back page for approx . $791K for prior month book balance in 1100 . 1100 was the first month that we switched the central transport flash from GD central to Intra Ontario so we flashed it incorrectly . Thanks .
I think Ashley sent Fab some info on the fest . We have had to lock into the rooms last week , so I do not know if we will be able to help her get a room unless they still have some available when she makes a decision . Sorry to hear about your work life stinking . I definitely know the feeling . The way I rationalize it is that I will take a job that has better hours before Jackson gets into school . On a happier note , we are going to dinner with your parents this weekend . Should be fun . Talk to you soon - don't work too hard .
Aurora N65007.2 0008 lone liquidation belongs to sitara #307241 . We should have had a form on this . The deal came to the desk at mid and would require a liquidation . You should have a variance on your compare reports . If not , please have settlements get you a copy of the invoice for 0008 and we will do a form . Thanks .
We will take the NGPL variances .
We can take the 265k if you find that we already took the existing variances .
yes goofy . Already taken care of .
All of our documentation says 4.78 . If they want to pay us a penny more , I will take it . I changed the price for January . If this same problem arises again in Feb , let me know . I am curious why they agreed with 4.78 for
Please take the variances through 0009 to the desk . Thanks .
we will take the aurora 310K variance - looks like the deal was flipped out
We will take the MTM variance for 0010 - 441K - this is partially offset by Central's variance . This is related due to the changing fo the transport book from GD-Central to Intra-Ontario .
Ontario: Can you give me the details on the interdesk purchase variance $346K fir 0010 . i.e . what desk the variance is with . We will take the MtM prior month book balance variance of 1MM . Do you know which counterparties make up the CPR variance for 0011 ? Thanks .
Ontario 0011 synthetic storage: QA1354.2 is offset by QA1354.4 - this apears to be missing from this line . QA1354.5 is offset by QA1354.6 - also missing from this line . What are the last two numbers for this line ( 2,032,081 ) & 166,921 - these are note in the notes . Thanks .
The tickets for HOB will go on sale around next wednesday . I will call and get them . I am starting to get pumped as well . Luckily I have a trip to Vegas in March that will hold me over . I need to find my hand hacky sack so we will have a back up plan . I have a couple of new chairs in a bag for us - full lounge chairs . They even have beer holders in the arms .
here is the calc sheet . I have fixed the prices in sitara for all three , redraft .
Sorry for losing my cool with you earlier . I have had a difficult few weeks with some people in your group and took some of my frustration with them out on you . Thanks for your help and thanks for not ripping on me too hard . Hope you have a good weekend .
the price is fixed .
I have corrected the differential pricing(calc sheet prices ) for 01/01 & 02/01 . You should be able to redraft now . Let me know when you want to discuss the trigger price discrepancies . Thanks .
Alright guys , here is the final version , try it in your P&L today . Thanks .
This one should hopefully be the final one .
All of these deals are yours except the last one .
FYI
Please give me the locations for the 6th & 8th deals . The deal number in question 613623 - the trader has the deal written up as 5.065 . If they dispute this let me know and we will pull tapes .
was she concerned at all about Pneumonia or Meningitis ?
hot damn .
The only thing that I can find is Sitara #575092 . This is the only August 01 deal we have with them . This volume and price do not match up . Sylvia does not recall the deal they describe and has no paper work for it . ANR Lebanon Ohio does not sound familiar . The only thing that I can think of is that they send us a confirmation letter/or transcript from the tapes . If they can prove to us a time and who they talked to we can then pull our tapes . Let me know how I can further assist you . Sorry .
I am happy that neither of those two things is a possibility .
FYI John- per our conversation about getting all calc sheet deals back . This is the list from settlements and it just so happens all of them are east deals .
Kam had told me you were in . We only have three in our room - you , goss and myself . The room will be $200 per person total . You can pay me when we get there or when we leave or send me a check in the mail . I have only paid one night deposit . I get in about 7:45 Vegas time on Wednesday , if you are getting there before me , let me know so that I can get the hotel your name to check in . See you there .
we will take all of the amounts in the proposed adjustment categories for Sithe and People's . i still have the people's forms and will be trying to get through them today or tomorrow .
I only flashed 41K for sithe , where are you getting the 59K ? I have the files for nov in the location you requested . Thanks .
FYI - new EOL reports rules.(see below )
How the hell did you fall into this one ?
This type of shit always happens to Crowell .
IF- Monchy , according to the trader , the change in the basis curve was due to the fluctuation of the Aeco curve . IF-Monchy is derived from Aeco US . Please shout with any further questions . Thanks .
the shit that happens to you is absolutely amazing . Hope you had fun . Are you going to vegas in two weeks ?
just a little out of my price range .
Union is treated as a synthetic storage on Sithe , so we do not keep inventory profit schedules . As far as I can tell you fixed that last month . I will continue to work on Central issues . Thanks .
Shout with any more questions . Thanks .
None of these remaining books belong to the central desk . Thanks .
check the last one .
The following is a list of users who need access to EMW calcs: Victor Guggenheim - vguggen Bruce Mills - bmills Phillip Love - plove Thanks for your help .
We need access to Price Basis index and gas daily for the following books(I have but the Price Post id to reference): Thanks for your help . We do not need access until Monday morning .
Looks like you did it again . When are you going to take me to a cowboy game ? Are you going to go to Fla./Georgia in Jacksonville with us this year ? Let me know about vegas early next week .
Yeah , the question is waht kind of good parties ?
The picture must be a fake then .
We are actually staying at NY,NY . Ceasar's was sold out when I made the reserves last fall and the Mirage was about $100 per person higher . We will leave word where we are in the room . See you next week .
For the central desk , please grant view access to the following traders: Geoff Storey Martin Cuilla Kevin Ruscitti Patrice Thurston Jason Williams Tom Donohoe Joe Parks Kelly Stevens Hunter Shively Robin Zivic Andy Lewis Sylvia Pollan Central Risk Team needs update access as well as view access , those members are as follows: Victor Guggenheim Anna Kulic Chuck Ames Bruce Mills Phillip Love Andres Balmaceda I am also attaching samples of the files we will need out there , one position report and one P&L file . Please shout if you need any other information . Thanks for your help .
sorry to hear that . I will be sure and gamble enough for the both of us .
I sent Shirley all of my stuff on Monday , so she should have samples of the central reports and all user names for access .
As far as I am aware , this is an east location , talk with Kam .
Sounds cool , I have never met the guy , but hopefully he can help in DC
If you look in tagg , the sitara deal number is in the comments section - #372156 . If any of you guys want us to come up and show you how to use tagg or what we do to find these numbers , give me a shout . The deal is liquidating in the Ontario book because the Ontario trader did the deal . If that trader does a deal at a US point , the gas has to physically flow out of a US book , not a canadian book . This deal is only for one month , so this will not make Jim Little's recurring list that he automatically transfers for you guys . Let me know if you have any more questions . I also got some message from Souad that you need some help with a People's deal . She thought you said you emailed me on the deal and I do not have an email , let me know if you still need assistance with that issue . Thanks .
pretty funny stuff . I think this makes your case stronger to have the rev . Al as your screen saver . He is definitely a higher quality individual .
Sam- Here is a little something about my grandfather: Dr Walter Herschel Burgess was a 1950 graduate of Alabama Polytechnic Institute , now Auburn University . He practied vetinary medicine for 38 years in Haleyville , Alabama . Dr . Burgess was blessed with 3 children , 2 grandchildren and one great grandchild . Dr . Burgess was an avid golfer and tremendous football fan . He held Auburn football season tickets for 50 years . Dr . Burgess recently received the golden eagle from Auburn University in recognition of 50 years of alumni service . Dr Burgess was a World War II veteran . Dr . Burgess loved Auburn and sent all three of his children and both grandchildren to school on the plains . Due to his love for Auburn that he instilled in his family , there will definitely be a forth generation Auburn graduate in the Burgess family . Dr . Burgess was also a proud member of the OTS vetinary fraternity at Auburn University . Dr . Burgess was born in Cullman County , Alabama and was a 50 year resident of Haleyville , Alabama . Please feel free to take some liberties and rearrange or omit some of the things I stated above . Thanks again Sam for all of your help with this and the recognition this newsletter will give my grandfather . Auburn is very fortunate to have such a great person raising money for the most important school within the University . Talk to you soon .
Attn: Ricky 4545 Newburg Road Thanks baby .
Slight changes - Make sure of course it is all on one page . Check the spelling of herschel-navy records are in the floor of the office . Should only need 10 copies or so . Have mike and denise sent us the money for the room yet ? Tickets to Neville's ?
Is the 644,650 being tsf from central in 0012 for financial liquidations - have not seen it on the central desk . Thanks .
FYI - those of you running firm books . These adjustments described below are due to firm book PMA's we recieve from Tiffany Miller . In the future , we need to put these in the appropriate schedules - C & E . Schedule C should be used for MTM adjustments and Schedule E should be used for all other adjustments . Shout with any questions .
I am getting a tournament bracket together for the group . Here are the important details - $10 per entry , bonus points per upset predicted are the differential between the seeds(i.e . 12 beats a five you get 1 pt for the victory and seven points for the upset) , first round games worth 1 pt. , and the points for each subsequent round are the round plus 1 pt . ( championship game worth 7 pts. , sixth round plus 1 pt.) , tie breaker is total points scored in final game . Brackets are due on my desk or in my email box by 8 a.m . CST Thursday March 15th . Here is a link to a bracket . Please forward to anyone you think may be interested .
Forgot the payout - 1st place 75% , 2nd place 25%
sent to wrong address .
I am unable to log in the way you suggested . It is asking for your sportsline password when I hit the link in your email . When I go into sportsline and hit march mayhem , there is no place to enter league name and password like there is when you go into sportsline fantasy . Please provide assistance .
Can you take a look at this and let me know what we officialized instead of these .
We do not keep inventory schedules on any of the central locations that you mentioned . I am trying to get an inventory balance schedule that logistics keeps for NGPL . I will let you know what I find out and how complete it is .
We do not maintain seperate book codes .
Would you mind setting up an interview for us with Greg Thomas , resume attached below . I think Dave Baumback , Kam Keiser , Errol McLaughlin , Darron Giron and myself need to interview him . Groups of two at time would be preferred . Thanks .
please verify none of these are ours .
As Marina and I discussed this morning , accounting requests that we officialize several books weeks after they have been calced in order for them to run reports . We do not officialize these post ids daily for two reasons: 1 ) The deals in these post ids are related to transport hedges that are captured in our transport model(not in ERMS) . If we were to officialize these post ids and report them on the VAR , we would then be only capturing half of the picture , since the transport model in our P&L is not in ERMS . 2 ) All of the deals in these books are book to book and do not involve third parties . To keep this action from disrupting your group , the risk leads will forward an email to you when we officialize these post ids at accounting's request . The following is the list Rachel Crowell in Acctg . asked us to officialize on Please shout with any questions , thanks .
don't forget kam .
please send this info to Shirley for Darron since he is out . Thanks .
IF-NNG TOK is a derived curve . It is based off of IF WAHA TX . That appears to have moved considerably in the last month . Shout with any more questions . Thanks .
FYI
FYI
I got the form from John with a note on it about lone liquidations . This relates to a physical deal and I thought we went over the specifics yesterday . This relates to 309136 for jan and 594576 for the remainder . This is a structured deal with John Griffith and we were unwinding a previous deal for 1/01-12/01 , the remaining original term stayed intact . It appears you are missing some liquidations that would remove this variance . They are Please let me know if you have any more questions , this deal is a real pain in the butt .
Here it is . Thanks .
FYI- We need to be more careful with which of the two curves above we use for physical deals . We have had some substantial OA for Jan 01 production because the basis curves for these two locations were . 30 different . Usually these are less than . 05 different . If you have a physical mich physical it should be Mich_cg-gd in tagg(which is michigan consolidated pipe in sitara) , if it is consumers power , it will be mich/cons and cec pipe in sitara . Any questions , ask . Thanks .
demand charge for #444771 .
We got them , the guy next to me was collecting and found them , I will send out an email later this morning with the scores .
Sorry it has taken so long to get the scores out . After 4 days in Vegas , please check your scores - I am still in a daze . Kansas - please forward attachment to your friend Kris , Denver forward to Josh Stevens and John Swinney please forward to Rob Fullen . Here are the list of people I still need money from: Josh Stevens Denver Plachy Jimmy Simien Eric Bass Flannigan Jason Wolfe Money must be to me by COB Wednesday or your entry is forfeited(if your score is bad and you do not pay I will not put you in any pool in the future) . Right now the pot is $410(assuming everyone pays ) so the break down is $307.50 and $102.50 for first and second respectively . The following people need to give me a tiebreaker number for the final game by COB Today(total score for final game): Jason Wolfe Denver Plachy Scott Earnest Chad South Doug Friedman John Nowlan Lee Jackson John Swinney Rob Fullen Josh Stevens If I do not get a tiebreaker from you and you tie for first , you will automatically get second and if you tie for second you are out of the money . Again , please verify your score and let me know of any discrepancies - 1 pt . first round victory , 2 pts . second round victory and upset gets seed differential . Thanks everyone for playing .
This is absolutely hilarious . We checked it out on Nike's website and it appears to be legitimate .
What about toomer's corner after an Auburn victory ?
We will be here for Easter . I am off work on that good friday , it is a nymex holiday , so we can hang out . Give me a shout . Looking forward to it . Did Jason go to Vegas this weekend ? I thought you had said he was going . I had a blast , won about $650 . Talk to you soon .
here is the file you requested . Thanks for your help .
I have you as paid . There are two sheets on the file , when I sorted by score I did not highlight the paid column . Only the people's name on the email owe money . I will add Rob Fuller to the list .
What email are you talking about ? I don't recall being ugly at all to you . Please paraphrase want ticked you off . Things are going great , unfortunately still working too much , but just got back from Vegas with some extra cash . How is the baby ?
I opened the file I sent you and it was filled out . I will try again , let me know if you still have it as blank .
Here are the physical postids for all books on the central desk Midcon North Midcon South Peoples Central Gulf Gulf NGPL Mkt Mich Mkt CG IM- Ontario Central Transport If you need anything else , let me know . Thanks
FYI
Where are these being transferred from ? I only have the december forms .
sounds good to me to tsf .
Please run a forwards detail on your books and email me if you have any value for these counterparties as of 12/29/01 . Jad we will do yours together . Thanks .
it is now done .
Per Laura's request , we have modified the orig schedule for Central . I have attached the revised schedule . Please note the following changes - on the 1st tab - orig schedule , we added a column for deal value before origination was granted . We will populate this field for all new deals as of yesterday . The other changes are the second tab . The second tab provides a summary by originator of the total deals originated and total value originated . We will update both schedules in the future for all deals originated whether value was originated or not . We will then email this schedule to the three of you every time the schedule changes . If you would prefer a hard copy , please let me know . If there are any other changes or modifications you would like to see , please let me know . Thanks .
Thanks anyway . I have some information that Darron kept on Cilco , I am still having trouble finding any deals for 98 that can show me we definitely did or did not flash these deals wrong . I am going to keep working on it .
Please give me a call when you get a chance to discuss the schedule I sent earlier . Sylvia gave me some information she thought you might want in the schedule . Thanks .
sorry for taking so long , it has been a very busy week . Where are you sitting these days ? I am still on 32 . Talk to you soon .
We have made some slight changes to the orig schedule and may make a few more per Laura Luce , the director that is over all of the orig teams . It is vitally important that we do two things with this file now . We must fill in all columns on the first tab - orig schedule and we must put all orig deals in the schedule - even if no orig is granted . THis policy is in effect starting today . Shout with any questions .
Do you know the names of some good jazz clubs in Chicago ? I figure you spend so much time there you can reccomend a few to me . I have a coworker going up there next month and it is their first time to chicago . I gave them Etta James Place to go on rush and on the south side . Can you think of any other ? Thanks .
What's up in the hood ? It sounds like you guys live in Compton instead of San Diego ? Make sure Emma starts packing when she starts kindergarten . If she is strapped , she can shoot back at these SOBs . Yet another reason Texas is better than Cali - we all have guns so no one shoots up schools because they know someone else has got heat and might put a cap in their ass . Do you guys want me to order you Jazz Fest tickets when I order ours ? I am putting in an order for alot of people because if I mail order them it only costs $3 total as opposed to ticket master's $3 fee per ticket . Since I am ordering ours this way , I can order everyone's and they only pay the ticket price(I eat the $3 because I am doing ours this way anyway) . The tickets are $15 through the mail per day as opposed to $20 at the gate and $18 through ticketmaster . Let me know . I am ordering all three days for ashley and I hoping we go all three days .
yeah , he finally apologized and it is water under the bridge . We usually have a heated disagreement once a year . Talk to you soon .
FYI
Thanks again for your help . Everything looks good .
FYI , it may be wise to run a few of your macros from Jeff's machine . I would just see if it runs and close without saving .
Attached is the updated scores . Please check your scores to verify accuracy . As the scores stand now , Joey will win no matter what and the second place race is between Chuck and Wolfe . If Arizona loses , Wolfe takes second and if Arizona wins , it goes to the tiebreaker . The rest of us are out of it . If you have 0 all the way out , it means you do not have any teams remaining . By the way - nice score Lenhart(we will see if we can get you a charitable deduction for your $10) .
What is going on man ? Any more news on the dilemma we discussed a few weeks ago ? Just curios . Hope things are going good for you .
We can always count on you to at least give us one on the error report .
Happy Birthday old man . I am not sure if my voice mail will make it to you(I got some weird instructions) , so I thought I would cover my bases . I have been real busy at work and did not mail your gift until Friday . It will be a few days late - sorry . Hope you enjoyed your bachelor time this weekend . Can't beat peace and quiet . Talk to you soon .
Don't worry about it , it is too late in the day anyway and he leaves the
Thanks for your help great one .
Would you mind setting this guy up for us to interview ASAP . Darron , Kam , Dave , Errol and myself . Thanks .
Please see below . Thanks for your help .
FYI
Here is the file updated with orig through 3/27/01 . Please let me know if you do not want to continue to get this email each day we have granted orig . Thanks .
I have previously approved this request for chuck ames . It appears this request is in limbo somewhere in the system . Please grant him access per this request for Sitara . Should you have any questions or need further assistance , please give me a call 3-7376 .
I have another sitara request for someone that shows as pending to them , but is not on my list to approve . This is for Maria Garza . Please grant the access requested in this number . Thanks . any questions 3-7376
Flip these asap .
Here is the file from last night . Shout with any questions . Thanks .
The information you needed for 1100 , roughly 310K , should be a firm book variance as well on the other side . Portfolio accounting should have a variance that offsets this(hopefully we have not already taken it , I will look) . This means you will not have any actuals on it for FRED . I will start looking for dec info you just requested .
Can you set up a mid for all deals at a location of NBPL/Peoples and PGLC/NBPL . The intramonth curve Chi./N/Border and the gas daily curve is GDC-Chi./N/Bord . Can you tell me how many deals are currently in the system for these two locations . Sorry to rush you , but I need these in for calcing tonight . Thanks .
IF ANR/OK
Please change the book coding on this log in to FT-Peoples . Thanks .
here is the file from last night .
I think you guys are doing a great job and are very timely in the requests we submit . The only area I see for improvement is better follow up on access requests to the systems . I am very happy with reim requests and general assistance you provide . Thanks .
got it .
Attached is a file listing all of the curves we had that posted as 0 price for 3/31/01 . We need these pub posted as the same price as the 30th - prices are included in this file . We need these pub posted ASAP so that we can flash march detail . Risk does not have authorization to override an existing pub posting , this is why we need your help . If you have any questions , please give me a shout . Thanks for your help .
I meant to email you over the weekend to let you know it was on it's way . Just be sure to fill out the matching gifts form . Please let me know if there is any hold up on that . Looks like we will not make it back to Auburn until the fall for football season . I will give you a call a few weeks before we come in to set up a tour of the raptor center/vet school . Thanks again for your help in completing this special occasion for my family . Talk to you soon .
I apologize for not including the following curve in the original list: It looks like all the other ones are done , is that correct ? Thanks again .
How are things going ? Good I hope . Give me a call when you get a chance I need to see about getting your phone number so that I can have you cut my mom's grass . She is in need of a new lawncare service . You ought to have your number listed so we can get a hold of you . Thanks .
FYI - keep an eye out for these .
we do not get deal tickets from the desk for transportation on a regular basis - very sporadic .
sorry it took so long - this is done .
Attached is the final standings for the pool . Please verify your score . We had a little drama for second place , Chuck won the tie breaker due to a total of 158 versus Wolfie's 145(total score was 154) . Special congratulations to Matt Lenhart for bringing up the rear(nice pick on the last game too) . Hope to see you guys next year .
money and entry due by 7 a.m . tomorrow .
7 a.m . deadline tomorrow .
deadline 7 a.m . tomorrow morning . Send to Eric Groves deadline 7 a.m . tomorrow morning . Eric Groves is running it .
Can you give me a list of the deals that we have currently on APLP and NIPS - they will both be in the Market CG book . Patrice is wanting to move these deals to a new curve and we are trying to get a handle on the number of deals that will be effected . This will be effective for april out . Thanks .
I got converted to Windows 2000 yesterday , so I believe I need a new file . Is that correct ?
thanks for all of your help , it looks like we have found someone internal to the group to fill the need . I will keep talking with Monica in Portland for July rotation . Thanks again .
The location is NBPL/Ventura TP/08NBPL Ventura Transfer PT
Here is the file . Sorry it is a day late - teh price desk had some errors in teh file adn I was waiting for them to correct the deals . Thanks .
pretty funny . Hey - we just got upgraded to Windows 2000(sucks ) and I lost the screen saver you sent me , do you still have that file ?
that was the one , oh well .
no worries . How is the week going ? Good I hope . I just interviewed a guy from Auburn and hopefully got him a job . We will see .
Can you set up mids for the following locations please: Thanks .
attached is my file . Robin Zivic is on vacation , so I will get you her information next week . Thanks . I have Win 2000
I heard about this last week , pretty nasty . I heard about this last week...pretty nasty
I will double check with Patrice in the a.m . Thanks .
what's up ? I hear you have a girlfriend in Houston and are here all the time , yet I never hear from you ? Seems you enjoy Darron's company better than mine .
I am going with Wachsler tomorrow , so maybe we can hook up and have a beer . Darron has my cell number 713-819-0765 .
Attached is a file that includes the tagg # for the liquidation in question below . Hope this helps .
ANR Mainline 7 - no meter to be assigned , schedulers have to call CP's on a deal by deal basis and determine meter . Thanks .
unfortunately I am busy as usual . Looking forward to the long weekend to get some much needed rest . It seems like it is always something up here . Any plans for easter ? How are things with you ? Baby doing good ? Take care .
I just tested loading yesterday and it worked . I will start with tonight's info . Sorry about that .
I am not officializing 1091026 because we ran two basis calcs for the lastday and we officialized the other one and it has the same value - that postid is 1091034 . Also , FT-Ontario's book admin is now Patrick Ryder , MarketMich is Jad Doan and FT Intra Ontario is Chuck Ames . Please shout with anymore questions . Thanks .
I just got Robin Zivic's info . rzivic is her log on .
looks fine .
1 . Understanding VaR 2 . Curve Mapping 3 . Macros 5 . Options 6 . The Greeks If I think of some more , I will let you know . Thanks for getting this together .
I think that the deal it should go with is 516942 . Thanks .
I think they should go together .
Thanks for the invite . We are going to JasonTidwell's wededding in Galveston Saturday - it starts at 6 p.m . We are not planning on staying too long and should be back in Clear Lake before 8 p.m . We will go pick up Jackson and shoot over if that is ok . Who bought the house ? I hate to hear that they are leaving so soon . When does your dad have to go back to the middle east ? I do not care if what you guys have to drink , thanks for thinking of me with the no bud products . When do you guys get in ? I am off tomorrow , so give me a call at the house . See you soon . Looking forward to seeing you guys .
I will need a replacement for Chuck unless I get another trading track person . I will also need a replacement for Ben Pham , for which Dave(bench ) will also need a replacement .
speaking of ethics , what is up with the Brooke situation ?
That boy's heed is like sputnik . It should have its own weather system...That was cruel...he will probably cry himself to sleep tonight...on his huge pillow .
Does that mean you are in like swimwear ?
I did get the tickets in . Don't worry about a check , just give me the money in NO . I am totally siked . Been a long couple of weeks and looking forward to hitting the fest early with my road dog to play some hacky and drink some beer before the crowd joins us .
have a good weekend . we have tomorrow off and I am headed to a bachelor party....yee ha
Thanks for having us over . We had a really good time . It was great seeing you guys . Drew is a really good kid . We will have to make our way to Denver soon . Take care .
The tagg number for the january piece is QP7914 . This deal was put in after the fact - Feb . so , we will have a variance in January that should be offset in February . This is due to the information not getting to us in time to change the customer price in Sitara before we flashed Jan . The sitara number that this all relates to is 543246 . Shout with any questions . Thanks .
I will leave steve's situation for him to describe . Needless to say as far as I am concerned he wasn't leaving with anybody but me . I ran into your dad at the post office last night . He was standing next to the mail slot crying . It would be nice to live in Denver , just have to find a good job so that I can afford housing .
so far so good . New Orleans , LA Tuesday , April 17 , at 7:37 AM Central Daylight Time ( Tuesday 8:37 AM EDT ) Today Apr 17 Windy UV Index:?10?High Wed Apr 18 Sunny UV Index:?10?High Thu Apr 19 Partly Cloudy UV Index:?10?High Fri Apr 20 Partly Cloudy UV Index:?10?High Sat Apr 21 Partly Cloudy UV Index:?9?High Sun Apr 22 Mostly Cloudy UV Index:?9?High Mon Apr 23 Mostly Cloudy UV Index:?7?High Tue Apr 24 Partly cloudy UV Index:?10?High Wed Apr 25 Partly cloudy UV Index:?10?High Thu Apr 26 Partly cloudy UV Index:?10?High
I was sending you the weather for New Orleans - Partly cloudy starting done .
Dawn , thanks for putting this information in the paper . Hopefully a student from Haleyville that goes to Auburn in the future can apply for the scholarship . A scholarship in memory of Dr . W.H . Burgess has been set up at the school of Veterinary Medicine at Auburn University . The scholarship has been ear marked for students that are in need of financial assistance and have an interest in the area of large animal practice , an area in which Dr . Burgess dedicated much of his professional life in Haleyville , Alabama where he practiced for 35 years . If you would like to make contributions to the scholarship in his name , you can do so as follows: Auburn University Foundation c/o Sam Hendrix 317 South College Street Auburn University , AL 36849 Please make checks payable to the Auburn University Foundation Any contributions are fully tax deductible Any questions , please contact Dr . Burgess' grandson Phillip Love 281-486-7026 Please feel free to modify this in any way . Thanks for your assistance .
FYI - not sure if anyone ahs been putting vacation time in on a time sheet . I got a report and most everyone's was blank . If you believe this to be an error , see me and I will show you the list . I am not calling anyone out for cheating on their vacation , it is on an honor system with me . I draw your attention to this matter because we always seem to have a problem at the end of the year with people having a bunch of vacation and only being able to carry over 40 hrs . Please make sure to plan on taking at least all but 40 hrs of yours so we do not run into issues at year end . I have attached the site for your time sheets . You will need your P# and password to access , contact security if you do not have either . If you need help filling this out , let me know . I think we are supposed to fill out a time sheet every two weeks , but I only fill mine out when I take vacation . Thanks .
Here is the most current schedule . Shout with any questions.Thanks .
all kidding aside . start sending me email links to job sites or papers in
here is your payback . Martin , Bruce's trader-made fun of his haircut last week - woody woodpecker . Steno over here for him and play it .
Central , sithe and aruba are there now . sorry .
FYI - wanted to let you guys know about a few things: 1 . There is a central desk vacation calendar on my desk by the sun machine - it is a little black date book . Please put any future requests in there so that we can keep track of who needs off when . I would like to try and keep from having more than 3 people out at a time . 2 . Physical gas daily options - when booking these , please be very careful . These need to have daily swaps on them in sitara as opposed to monthly swaps . This will insure that the physical deal comes to the physical trader at gas daily as opposed to mid . This is very important to avoid OA variances . 3 . When booking deals in sitara , please look at your swaps when they are created to verify that they are coming at the right mid/gd price . This is important because we have so many deals that are booked to new mids and I notice last night on a gd option , that the swap did not come at the correct gd curve . 4 . I am going to set up a mtg . for friday or monday to discuss OA , the process and how to prepare forms . 5 . Please take advantage of time that you can spend with your traders . All the traders have expressed their approval for each of their book admins to spend a morning watching them trade to better understand why they take the positions that they do . The only request I have had is that we sit there quietly and observe and ask questions after trading . Please utilize this opportunity to build a relationship with your traders - this is good for career development . 6 . I will try and set up individual meetings with each of you to go over your training plans . Please shout with any questions .
I am looking at having a party at my house for the group . Let me know asap which date is better for you guys . I want to do it asap before it gets to hot , so we can cook outside . Here are the two dates I have in mind Sat . May 5th(cinco de mayo ) or Sat . May 19th . Let me know guys . Thanks .
We will have a group class on OA tomorrow around 9:00 am in EB3268 . THis is an effort to get you guys up to speed on OA so you can review forms and I can take 3 hour lunches . See you there .
not sure if you guys saw this . Muse: Bowden 'panicked' after Lowder told him his job in jeopardy The Associated Press MONTGOMERY , Ala . ( AP ) -- When Auburn's football fortunes took a turn for the worse in 1998 , trustee Bobby Lowder told coach Terry Bowden that he would not be retained after the season , former university President William Muse said . When Bowden resigned on the eve of a game that fall , he said he was essentially fired . "Basically , Mr . Lowder told him he would not be around come the end of the season , and coach Bowden basically , in my opinion , panicked when he was told that and came and negotiated out of his contract," Muse said . More Auburn football Talkin' Tigers Forum Muse said Lowder did not consult with him before speaking to Bowden , whose team was off to a 1-5 start . Bowden said Thursday that Lowder actually did not speak directly to him , but went through athletic director David Housel . "That's how David and I worked," Bowden said Tuesday in a telephone interview from his Orlando home . "We would meet and he would tell me what Lowder wanted me to do . I felt like I could do everything I could do and it wouldn't be enough ( to save his job)." Muse made his comments to faculty members March 15 . A transcript of the meeting was made public Tuesday by Auburn officials . Muse said he was unable to reach Bowden until "the wee hours of the morning," then told him that Lowder didn't have the authority to fire him and "urged him to stay until the end of the season." Muse said that was "the most celebrated case" of Lowder taking such a direct role in athletic decisions , but "there are many others." Bowden often commented that "Mr . Lowder hired me" and that the coach had "regular contact" with the powerful trustee , Muse said . Bowden said he spoke with Lowder "weekly , if not daily" during his first two or three seasons , but "never felt it was a situation that he would tell me something and that I should do it." Muse said Lowder did not hand-pick the coach . He said an eight-member search committee , including Lowder , voted unanimously to offer Bowden the job in "Let's just say I would not have been hired if Bobby Lowder had not wanted me hired," said Bowden , now a television commentator with ABC . "There's no doubt about it . Bobby Lowder controlled the committee that hired me at Auburn." Both Lowder and Housel have denied Bowden's contention that he was told his coaching fate was all but sealed . They also denied that Lowder was pulling the strings on that decision . Bowden "always believed . . . that the only way he got that job was because of Lowder's influence," Muse said . "So he believed very strongly that he had to maintain that relationship." Muse said that relationship began to sour when Bowden fired longtime defensive coordinator Wayne Hall . Muse also said he is not sure what Lowder's relationship is with Bowden's successor , Tommy Tuberville , but that he believes basketball coach Cliff Ellis has "very , very frequent contact" with the Montgomery banker . Lowder was out of town and did not immediately return a call for comment . Earlier Tuesday he said in a statement issued by Auburn that the trustees' athletic panel he chairs will continue to provide "support and input" to the president and athletic director and that it's time to focus on positive accomplishments and "stop bickering."
this is the website for signing up for classes . You need to have your user name and password . If you do not have this from the original email , try contacting the development center at x30357
screw you . This must have been created by one of your fellow engineers . You guys just have a bad case of penis envy . Ha Ha
I wanted to ask a favor . Would you mind reminding your group to please let us know when they change a pipe or trading zone or add a location to a deal in sitara . If we do not catch this change , the trader will be getting the deal at contract instead of mid , because the swap does not automatically update when you change the physical deal . If the change is simply a meter , that will not effect the pricing of the deal . Thanks for your help .
gdp-anr/ok...notice a trend here .
Dawn said I need to email you with eol id changes . We have two traders on the central desk who are changing book names effective sunday . Kruscitti needs his log in -ADM96645 moved from Ft-int-cen-mkt to ft-cent . Joe Parks needs his id - ADM13230 moved from ft-intra-gulf2 . Please shout with any questions or if you need additional information . Sorry for the short notice , I just found out .
here it is - thanks . Joe Parks and KRusicitti are changed .
FT-CENT . Thanks .
what about some "treatments" at one of those spas ? or dinner for two at
My suggestion for improving the process within the risk group is to do a better job of verifying all term deals are coming to the cash desk at mid . I believe a large improvement can be made in the settlements area . The forms are not accurate , the entire support is not attached and the form they are usign does not properly divide the variance between the three possible areas causing a variance , desk price , UA4 , firm volumes .
here it is .
Here is the most current orig file .
Glenda , Hope everything is going well for you guys . I just wanted to take a minute and thank you for the easter gift you sent Jackson . It was very thoughtful . He has enjoyed coloring the book and everything else he can get his hands on . He also ate all of the chocolate as fast as he could . He is getting really big and really independent . We are headed to Jazz fest this weekend in New Orleans , I am sure he will really enjoy it this year . Take care and we will talk to you soon . Thanks again . Love , Jackson , Ashley & Phillip
The barbque(Chuck that is texas slang for meat cooked on a grill ) will be at my house on the 19th of may . Please bring spouse's , significant others , whatever . How does 4 p.m . sound ? Please let me know if you plan on attending . I will send a map and directions next week .
are you still planning on coming down this weekend ? Let me know , so we can exchange numbers . Check out the site I attached , looks like the lineup has improved .
unable to access approval website via link . Please advise - I want to approve both requests that were sent to me for Sladana Kulic
Please read below , it looks as though we have about 4 curves on this list . If you set this curve , please fill out the form attached below . Shout with any questions - due date is Thursday a.m .
FYI , make these changes .
The address is as follows: Auburn University Foundation c/o Sam Hendrix 317 South College Auburn University , AL 36849 I will write the check to UHCL next week .
Thanks(especially for highlighting a row for me. )
I will be out of the office , thanks for the offer .
Please put a posting out there for me as well . Thanks .
All of these deals had their facilities changed by logistics on the last two days . I have reiterated to Lisa Kinsey the importance of her group letting us know when they make a change in facility . All of these were physical basis trades , so they came at contract - the desk price difference is not more than . 04 on any of the deals . OA therefore should be minimal .
FYI - please officialize your books every night .
FYI ,  looks like you did not receive this .
FYI - use this document if any of our traders get hit or hit a product by mistake .
this is done
anytime in the morning .
yes
I will forward it on and see what I can do , we really like kids straight out of school...they are green and uncorrupted by the working world..Plus we can work them like dogs .
Way to go guys , keep it up .
reply to this so I can also add you to my address book .
I did not have a yes/no button on your email . I am not interested . Thanks .
Please schedule this candidate for an interview . Same interview set up as always . Thanks .
Would you also please set this person up for an interview as well . Thanks .
Please schedule Robert Cummings for an interview . Darron Giron , Kam Keiser , Dame Baumbach and I need to interview him and we would like to do those two at a time . Thanks .
Just wanted to remind everyone , party at my house on May 19th starting around 4 p.n. , probably eat around 6-6:30 . I am going to write out a map shortly and hand it out . Please let me know if you can not attend and if you prefer any beer preferences(will have plenty of non alcoholic and wine and booze for PRyder) . Don't forget to bring your dates so my wife has someone to talk to . Let me know if dogs or cats bother you so I can put them out(especially the damn cats) .
Thought you might enjoy poking some fun at plove's hometown .
here is cgpr , also please email this group below - publications@enerdata.com and get them to send this to you and I directly . Thanks .
fixed .
I got it . The street works both ways brother .
FYI , The system is now open and you should have recieved an email regarding access . You need to select 5 people to review you . Please select people from different groups and I would suggest putting your trader on the list . Also , please send me a list of accomplishments for this six months . This will help me in drafting my review to help represent you in the review meetings . If you were not an enron employee on 1/1/2001 , you will not be ranked with other members or your job classification , but you will still recieve a review . Please shout with any questions . Don't forget the deadlines from the original email .
Here is the most updated file .
sounds good . I also left my Majerle's shirt on the sofa for mom to take with her . meant to tell you that last night .
sounds good to me . we have our staff mtg . @ 9:30 every tuesday , so errol and I may be a few minutes late .
How are things going with you ? Great I hope . My mom wanted me to pass this on to you and see if you guys might have anywhere for him to fit . She says hello and feel free to contact her at the email address below or 281-283-3196 . I am also going to try and get this kid an interview in my group . Talk to you soon .
thanks .
the variances you have listed in january for lone liquidations for NNG - QN8046 - this is a storage deal and should go with sitara #588958 and QO0171 should go with 590922 . We will have the same thing in February going the other way with these deals the sitara numbers there are 588959 & 591053 respectively . Shout with any questions . This should explain about 900,000 of the lone liquidation problem from January .
same thing with the Reliant energy lone liq from january - QI7044 , this is related to sitara #549377 . there should be no liq . var . shout with any questions .
not interested in paying relocation or travel expenses . We have some good candidates coming in and I am pleased with the resumes you have been sending .
here is the most current file .
thanks for your help . How are things going ? Great I hope . FYI .
that operational analysis form you have is mine . If you would drop that in intercompany mail , that would be great . My address is 3264B . Thanks .
Please grant me access to the rac website . I am the manager for the central region - natural gas . I need access to activate and inactivate and view all central books . Please give me a call with any questions . Thanks for your help .
Sounds like the coast guard found your boat and took your stash . Sorry to hear that .
Thanks .
thanks so much
Interesting take on the state of affairs .
thanks .
I am sorry to ask for a change on this reservation , but a colleague just mentioned he wanted to get a separate room , so could we have two rooms non smoking with double beds , I realize this may increase the rate . Thanks for all of your help .
AC - can you check on this for me please . I am in the chicago office and will not be back until next tuesday . Irena said this was taken care of , you might check with her . Thanks .
That's my man .
If you want an updated value on the deal , give the ticket numbers that need to be modified/deleted to Bruce and he can get it taken care of . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks .
I have never heard of this location . I only see a basis and index curve for this , no intra month , Storey has this location in his curve file . We have no deals at this location . Does Canada ? We do not do the pub posting on Mich_CG-GD , rates does this one . I would think they should post the NGI as well .
Bruce Mills x58118 .
Give Mark a call and get him a copy of the transport model for the central and ontario for 8/31/01 . His number is x68680 . Thanks
FYI - please continue sending this to Robin Rodrigue and change the book admins name to Lynn Pikofsky for the Chicago office(EMW) . Kevin Radous is no longer with the company . Thanks .
We do not receive this information currently - Jackson Logan forwards the email to us currently . I would appreciate having myself added to the list for email notification . Since there will be an allocation to my cost center , please limit access to this to myself - Bruce Mills does not need access . Please call if you have any questions .
sounds good , I heard from Bruce that the booking is not going to well . I don't think it is that complicated , but I will be happy to do it tomorrow . Any luck on getting it into an existing book and not having to calc another book from here on out ? Hopefully we can do it tomorrow since it is not going live until 11/01 . Talk to you in the morning .
work with ed on this and please do this asap . Check the rest of your books as well please . Rember this will be any deal with Transcanada and any other canadian counterparty . Or search in TAGG for your book with ECC as the Enron counterparty - should take 5 minutes . Thanks .
did you get to this ?
separate region . It is within the Mich P&L . Also starting in October , Central transport will no longer be in FT-OC , it will be in Aruba and needs to continue to roll up to Central . Do I need to call you back ?
Aruba-Sply is an active book , there are just a few deals and there are two with external counterparties .
Please set up Souad Mahmassani in risktrac . She is a new trader on the central desk . She will be running the Aruba and central transport books . The following books will be her responsibility: Souad would need to roll up to the Central desk in natural gas , I would say she should be set up similar to Denver Plachy . Please shout with any questions or additional information that you may need . Thanks .
here is what I said .
The only FT-Central-Opt book that should move to her is the GDL . The others should remain with Geoff Storey . She also needs to have the INTRA-CNT-TRANS-PHY book . Sorry for the mistake .
According to our benchmark guys up here , it looks like the Central Transport GDL book did not make it into risktrac under souad . The book is named FT-Central-opt-gdl . I also should have asked you to send the FT-Peoples-GDI book over to Souad . It appears that the remaining FT-Central-Opt- books ( PRC,BAS,IDX ) are under Martin Cuilla , these should be under Geoff Storey . Can you please make these changes . Thanks for all of your help .
just a status reminder of what is going on: -Please give me a list of your goals and objectives , we will plan on meeting at least once a month and going over those to determine how I can better help you meet those and we can track progress . -We now have a file in the central file in excel entitled project list central desk . there are a list of projects already out there that each of you need to sign up for . This will assist in the PRC process in terms of providing me with examples of things each of you are doing that are contributions to the organization . If you can think of a project that will be an improvement , please add it . If you add a project , put an expected completion date and then put the date it was completed . - We will meet this week or first thing next week to go over the status of each of your "training plans"
FYI - Andy and Martin will be giving classes to the trading track guys on the two different locations . They are opening these classes to everyone . I would recommend that you attend , I am going to try and attend as well . THE ONLY CATCH IS THERE WILL BE A TEST AT THE END AND THE RESULTS WILL BE SHARED WITH HUNTER . I think it would look very good if you attend , I only caution you to pay close attention because the two guys have been known to ask tough questions .
FYI , I spoke with the erms team about the problem we have with curveview going through runm . If you open runm on your PC instead of a sun machine , you need to open curveview first . If open curveview before any other applications , the screen will be blue and all others will be set up correctly as well . According the Erms guys this is an ancient program and they are unable to fix the logic . Pass this on to your groups .
this post id for FT-IM-CENTR-CAD-GDL and it is official . For some reason it is not coming through risktrac . There are no deals in this book .
I think you will have to log off . I approved the request . Look at the status of your request and see if it says final approved . If it does than try logging off and trying again . Thanks .
I think that the correlations for the points in the Aruba book must be different . Her position is 5 contracts long in the book and her VaR is $500K . Is there any way you can tell me the correlations that are being used for the points that she has positions at in that book ? The pub codes are : IF-NNG/VENT , NGI/CHI . GATE , CHI./N/BORDER , NGPL-IOWA0ILLIN,UF-NGPL/OK-NW , NGI/CHI./PEOPLE,NGI/CHI./NIPSCO,ML7/CG . Any help you can provide would be much appreciated . Thanks .
thanks for your help . Due to my lack of a complete understanding of VaR , can you give me a lesson if you find out exactly why . All I have ever changed are the correlations . Thanks .
I am headed out to lunch at 1 and will be back by 2:30 . Is that good ?
can you check with IT . IT looks like Souad's VaR is still way too high . Thanks .
thanks .
we will have to take the PMA , it looks like a deal entry error .
see the bottom of this email for the locations and mappings . Thanks for your help and let me know if you need any additional information .
can you follow up with the Forum group for me . It appears only 3 of my six employees returned the feedback . I have been assured by every member of my team that they sent these in on time . Several members of our class yesterday had the same issue , with one not having any returned . This seems curious enough to investigate . Thanks for your help .
thanks .
please exit the tagg deal so that I can look at the deal .
Jim Simpson has moved from the Chicago office to the Houston office . He will be taking over the Mich-CG book . We need to have the books transferred from Hunter Shively to Jim Simpson . The books are FT-INT-CEN-MKT2-BAS,GDI,GDL,IDX,PRC and INTRA_CNT-MKT2-PHY . Jim should not need to be set up in the system , because he was in Chicago , he should just need books added . Thanks for all of your help .
thanks a million
Looks like our outing for October 19th for Risk just got cancelled , so are we on for some poker on Thursday the 18th ? Who will offer up there house ?
goss and you can't go now because of some LaGrasta trip on Saturday so looks like we are rescheduling for sometime in December .
sorry to keep bothering you . It looks like Souad's VaR continues to go down , but her net positions 5 contracts and her VaR is over $300K . Can you verify that it is her Aruba book that is causing all of the VaR . She only has positions at about 5 locations and they should all be mapped to the same omicron curve and either NG or Chi . Gate . I would think that there would not be that much difference between NG and Chi Gate . Any assistance is greatly appreciated . Thanks .
Denver is not my region , you might want to try Anne Bike
What do you think about setting up a meeting between your group and mine in which each of us gives a short 15 minute presentation on what we do and how things other groups do affect our group . If you think we will need more time , maybe we set up two meetings . Let me know what you think . Thanks .
sure . I will have it to you in the morning .
I got 32C2 for next Wednesday from 1:30 - 2:30 . How does that sound ?
Can you run a component VaR report again for me . We can not figure out where Souad's VaR is coming from . IT fixed the curves and Burton fixed them on his side , the VaR should be virtually nonexistent . I am also noticing a high VaR for Virawan Yawaponsiri , can you also run one on hers please . Sorry to continue to bother you with this , Jeff Gossett just wants this resolved ASAP . Thanks .
can you unarchive post id 1280448 . Thanks .
thanks .
Just wanted to follow up and make sure we were still on for tomorrow ? Can we make it 12:15 at Chucks BarBQue ? I have your numbers and will give you a call if we run into trouble . Thanks .
which books in TDS do you need access to ? I approved your erequest , but I have to go into TDS and grant the actual access . Thanks .
I too am a little worried about the outcome on Saturday . I am bringing two friends that are University of Texas Alums and am just hoping to show them a good time and what true tailgating is all about . There will be including myself 7 adults and my 3 year old son . Is that too many ? Please let me know . Everyone is extremely exciting and my son is now to the age that he will really enjoy it . Last year we always took him on game day to see the raptors and he was kind of interested , but now he really enjoys animals . Thanks again for all of your help arranging this trip . Please also let me know again when the scholarship dinner is going to be held , I am sure some of my family would really enjoy attending . Thanks see you at Chuck's .
sounds great .
Yes it will . This deal is still in the structuring stage . We simply wanted to get the books set up in TAGG and Sitara for if and when this deal goes live . I will keep you posted . I think that logistics is also going to be setting up a pipe called MGU that will have all of these deals on them . I will get with you when I hear the final so that we can map the correct curves to these locations . Thanks .
Can you guys map the following curve: EMPRESS-US/IM needs to be mapped to Dawn and Omicron 14 . Please shout if you have any questions . Thanks .
FYI we will be having a meeting next Wednesday from 1:30 to 2:30 with logistics in 32C2 to go over what risk does and what logistics does . Should be an informative session . Please also remember to email your goals for the next six months so that we can work on making sure you meet those objectives . Thanks .
From talking with my guys , I came up with 2 more topics for brown bags - curve mapping and how physical deals flow through the systems
works for me or I can do it . I can not do the first one ( I vote for Kam )
SEE ATTACHMENT FOR CHANGES .
Boy did you call it 3 months ago....WE SHOCKED THE WORLD!!! ! What a great game . I just wanted to thank you again for the great tour we had on Friday . Everyone talked about it all weekend and we look forward to the expanding projects at the raptor center and hope to be able to help in those efforts . It was great meeting you and I look forward to talking to you again in the future . Thanks again .
here it is .
Can you please set me up in the XMS system as a manager . One of my employees has a reimbursement that is outstanding and I would like to get it approved as soon as possible . Thanks .
Did Bruce get this information to you on Friday ? I was out of the office and asked him to respond . Let me know and I can get it for you . Thanks .
Kam Keiser suggested I call you to help with a request I received from our auditors . Can you give me a list of all of the deals that have been put into Sitara for the Chicago office - the book/counterparty name will be Enovate . The Arthur Anderson auditors have requested this information . They are doing an audit of Enovate and want a list of all of the deals since the book started in order to get a sample size for their audit . you should not have to go back farther than 01/00 . Thanks for your help and shout if you need anymore information .
Kam Keiser suggested I give you a call , the auditors have requested all the deals for the Chicago office books . I need to get a list of all TAGG deals since 1/00 that are done with the book FT-ENOV and INTRA-ENOV . Is this possible . I need to give a list to Arthur Anderson as soon as possible . Thanks for your help .
I think the only other solution is to post two curves , one with an SP and one with PR . You should be able to simply set up the same curves as risk type PR and have it look to the SP curve . Then you would publish two curves with the exact same name and value , just two different risk types . The only other option I see is to change the deals back to the "old" aeco curve that we used prior to this .
I am in
Attached is a book request for two new books - one for Lavorato and one for Cuilla . Due to the problems we had last week/this weekend that you guys helped us try and resolve , we are going to have to go the route of Canada on these Aeco deals and book a spreadsheet for VaR purposes . Please set the two books up like Calgary's book(Sheet 1 on the attached file ) We need to start doing this tonight , because Hunter and Lavorato want their VaR reported correctly tonight . They both plan on altering their positions and utilizing all of their VaR . I apologize for the short notice and appreciate all of your help so that I can get this fixed for tonight's VaR . Please let me know any additional information I can provide you . Thanks .
this incorporates the change of Stevens orig .
FYI , I will show you how to work this spreadsheet , just call this guy and tell him what you are going to name the file and why . Tell him it is like Brian Gillis' file in Canada . He needs to know the prefix you are going to call the file and then you attach the current date in the MMDDYYYY format . Thanks .
open the file and look at the lavo tab
Can you take a look at this Natalie , I think you have the binder . Let me know if I can help . Thanks .
I want to keep the two ladies that currently do my OA . Any deviation from this will result in bodily harm to you and your family .
Jennifer who ?
I had no problems accessing it . Thanks .
This book simply replaces a book that we were officializing for position purposes only . We have a separate gas daily calc that is for value that goes into our P&L . Nothing has changed with that book . Please shout with anymore questions . Thanks .
The deal still has not been signed , so nothing is currently in those books .
correct . The information contained in this book matches the information that is in another book that you capture in our P&L . Thanks .
schrab is going to have to answer this question . He put the deal in after sep began . Sorry I can not help .
Do not suspend this CPID , because we have physical and gas daily deals that are active in this book . Sorry for the delay . Thanks for your help on this .
Bharat asked that I forward this information to you . Could you please map the following curves to the appropriate omicrons . Monchy and NGPL-IA-IL should be mapped to chicago - omicron #11 and St . Clair should be mapped to omicron #14 . Do I need to also send this information to Burton in the controls group ? Thanks for your help .
here is an updated list of the omicrons
according to Bharat , he still does not have access to this screen . Is there anyway you guys can do it today and he can continue trying to log in and do it for us in the future ? Thanks .
Thanks .
Sorry you could not open it , it was a pretty funny PowerPoint slide . Your brother still has not responded to my email . I talked with your dad last night , I think we are going to be hitting dinner with them in the next week before they head out of town . Hope pregnancy is going well .
Can you map the following three curves to Omicron curves . Nilay did his side and I need you to do the other side according to the IT guys . Can you let me know when this is done so that I can get Souad's VaR rerun . Thanks for your help . You also need to let me know if you guys can go to lunch on me on Friday .
here are Souad's book names , Bharat is going to give you the portfolios: Thanks for all of your help .
We have actually been able to find that bread here at Sam's , so we are absolutely set man . If they stop selling it , we can get it over the internet , it is just a little pricier . You need to get us to start buying it here and shipping to you man - Sam's has it for less than $4 a loaf . I think Ashley said it is close to $6 in San Diego . We still need to get you some soup don't we ?
This should be mapped to Omicron 3
how about Friday ?
maybe it was over the internet that the bread was so expensive . You guys still have charger fever out there after a few loses ?
he is in vegas
Dude - you are freakin riot . I almost fell out of my chair with that one . You know what else does....crawfish pie
Her name is Sladana Kulic . SHe goes by Anna . Thanks for your help . She is really excited about talking to you and I will bring her by and introduce her . Thanks again .
All indications are that we will be here . I have not heard anything new to the contrary . If you need to take it off , take it as vacation for now .
unfortunately I will be on vacation . Thanks for the offer .
see this spreadsheet , you will see that previous months match . This spreadsheet comes straight from our crude guys . If the counterparty continues to disagree , get documentation from them and we can take it to the crude guys . Thanks .
Here is a list of the types of deals that always fail: GDD Dawns deals EOL#2054274 Physical dawn deals fail - EOL will only let one trader map their deals to one physical book(don't think you can fix this one ) EOL#2047749 Mich basis swaps EOL #2054712 This should be a comprehensive list . Thanks .
attached is a file from the IT team for the tagg numbers that are in the Enovate books . Please shout if you have any questions . Thanks .
Russ/George - has this new location been mapped to the same curves as the previous location - PGLC/NGPL ? From my standpoint , I think that is the only thing that needs to be done with the exception of changing/adding swaps on these deals . Please let me know . Thanks .
I have a pre existing meeting on this day , I can attend the Monday session .
This report just in on the wire.... . 3 students at Louisiana Tech have been detained on possible immigration violations , their names: Bin Losin , Bin Cryin , Bin Whinin They were captured at a football game between La Tech and Auburn University
we definitely got a scare this weekend . How bout those Bolts!! ! Took down the Mighty Broncos . Have you been to any games this year ?
I am sorry , but that will be the only game the chargers play the rest of the year I will not route for them . I am a die hard Raider fan(I am sure they are your least favorite team) . How about LaDanian ? He is ripping it up for me in fantasy .
FYI : When entering deals with Canada , please remember to have the counter parties in a financial deal to be ECC and Riskmantra and a physical deal it will be ENA to ECC . Also remember on gas daily out months(2 legs ) that the book on the gas daily swap leg needs to be INTRA-CND-WE-GD not INTRA-CAND-WEST(this book is for basis piece) . ALSO: Please remember to check your new deals completely every day , this will help eliminate future OA variances . Do not rely on your trader to catch mistakes . Thanks .
just think if he came to camp on time how many yards he might have . I am a big Lester Hayes fan , I wish they still let them wear stick em!! ! I think he called it stick em and he just ran his hands through his hair .
Jason has never heard of him , but is going to ask around . I will keep you posted .
here is the updated file .
In
NXAVC is just like nymex , it settles as one price for the entire month . I don't know what you mean look for pricing for 9/11-9/14 . NXAVC is a monthly index . Please clarify .
I think the confusion with this lies in the fact that last month we had the same issue and I thought you put these deals that are desk to desk in tagg back on my region . These relate to fixed price lock ins with Peoples . I think what happened last month happened again this month which is settlements and the risk person did not get the fixed price lock ins done until the following month . We will have to try and work on this for this month . The problem is that they can take their volumes on several deals and we have to wait until it is completely scheduled . Sorry for the confusion .
unfortunately , I do not have any information about these deals . With these being IT day deals , the schedulers and traders will have all of your information . sorry .
try sylvia pollan , she is the originator on the deal .
Try these instructions and let me know if this works . Thanks .
I can not remember if I called you Friday or not . Let me know when you want to get together and go over the consumers stuff . Sorry if I forgot , the mornings are the best for me .
FYI - keep an eye out for this .
Here in lies the problem . These fix price locks are not deal specific - rather counterparty specific . Therefore , we can not modify prices until the end of the month when we know which deals flowed volumes and which did not . This means we have to do this the last two days of the month along with all of the other things we are doing . For every month since May - except September we have been able to do this . It just so happens the one time we do not do it , we had the most locks . The problems we had in previous months were due to liquidations hitting central that should have hit Chicago . Same deals , different issues . Thanks .
trip to steamboat: Jan . 13-19 $425 a night for a house that sleeps 10 . That works out to $500 a couple for the week(6 nights) . That will give us 5 days to ski(or 4 on 1 off) . Continental flys directly to Steamboat for $300 roundtrip . Need to know interest level ASAP . We have to pay 50% upon booking the house and %50 within 30 days of arrival . I will pay the %50 up front , I just want a firm committment that you will be going . Take a look at the house: It is the bettger house
random people that obviously don't work as hard as you and I and they have the time to spend all day surfing the internet .
I apologize , I forgot to tell you earlier today that Jason and his family have not heard of this guy . Like you said he must be in Double Springs
Please look at Sheet 1(2) . You will see there are numbers Lee attribute to You and I . I wanted to go over the months that there is a large difference - see what counter parties make up the difference so that we can determine the absolute correct number for him . I also wanted to discuss OA if we have time . I have a 10:30 meeting and if you need to get back to the auditors , we can address at a later date . Thanks .
I won't be visiting that country
what is this I hear that you may have a new job for me ? I hope so , we keep going in the toilet on Wall Street . My 2,000 options are now all worthless .
that is what I plan on going as for Halloween
Once again , it appears we have changed a price desk deal without letting them know . I hope everyone understands how bad this makes our entire team look . This issue continues to be brought up in the staff meeting and we are always the cause of it . This is the second time in less than a week and we have gone over this several times . Next time this happens , someone is liable to get an exit early pass from the floor for good . To keep this from happening we will now practice the following Rule: Anytime a price desk deal that involves the central desk needs to be changed , the person that runs the central book will not leave the floor until Errol or Joey tells you that there book is ok . If that happens to be midnight , sorry . That is the rule and there will be absolutely no exceptions . Sorry I have to be a jerk , but it is obvious that being nice about it has not worked . Thanks for your help in eliminating this in the future .
maybe we will try that .
just incase you haven't gotten enough to read about us lately
so I guess I have to start calling you fancy pants . Just call me THE HARPOON .
by the way congrats on the girl . Is it going to be Mallory ? She is going to be 6.5 feet tall
I like the name . I think it is beautiful and distinguished . I hope she is at least six feet tall . There is nothing wrong with a tall drink of water . Gotta run and get some work done . PL
please do ASAP .
here are the values: Thanks .
look at slide #20 .
Jennifer 334-844-1491
2-5 , so much for the nice machine
hey you are not wearing your target purple shirt today are you ? I have mine on and I don't want to look silly
thanks . We talked with Martin Cuilla last night and he thinks we are missing some transport usage tickets that will offset a major portion of our gain . Thanks for your help .
most current .
here is the location of the file and the person that compiled the file, . Please let me know if you need anything else , thanks .
FYI
looks like this deal got zeroed out and rebooked on #1019677 look and see if you see this - CP should now be CPR pipeline exchange . No variance should occur . Thanks .
The report named: EMW Positions ,  published as of 10/30/2001 is now available for viewing on the website .
we flashed this as Union , they subsequently moved the volumes on GL to CPR pipeline exchange . you have to look at both to get this to reconcile . Does this make sense ? If not , give me a call . Thanks .
The report named: EMW P/L ,  published as of 10/30/2001 is now available for viewing on the website .
Per Jad - Done
sounds good to me .
absolutely
The report named: EMW P/L ,  published as of 10/31/2001 is now available for viewing on the website .
The report named: EMW Positions ,  published as of 10/31/2001 is now available for viewing on the website .
Can you do me a favor similar to Kam's previous request: Can you add to my current profile all the books that Scott Palmer currently has calculation access to . Could you also set Bruce Mills , Kristen Clause and Edward Brady up like Scott Palmer . Additionally can you also set up Ashley Worthing like Anne Bike . Thanks for you help and shout with any questions .
Thanks . It has also been a pleasure working with you . I am sure our paths will cross again in the near future . Thanks for all of your help the last year .
The report named: EMW Positions ,  published as of 11/01/2001 is now available for viewing on the website .
8 hours
absolutely
That is fucking hilarious . It would be even funnier if it had been you that got kicked out instead of me...I have already talked to the bartender and he understands that in the future , we pour our drinks in the bathroom , not right in front of stadium personnel...Also , next year - he is sitting with you !
I will be there.. .
my original response .
I really would like to see the contract to verify things are not being booked correctly . I spoke with Patrice and she does agree that we should not have a large receivable balance . Try and get me the contract and I will see what I can do . Thanks .
This time table of 6 p.m . is not acceptable for risk management . Most days we are not done calcing the gas books by 6 p.m . Now we have just learned that Oracle is down and we do not know when we will get to start the calcing process that we normally start at 3:30 . Please adjust accordingly . Than|
thanks .
I actually was just wanting a copy of the confirms or contracts that we/they signed in order to verify the prices and volumes . I will try and work on asap tomorrow . Thanks .
I approve . FYI - please let everyone know in EOL of the following changes that are effective as of today - I am now over the East desk , Kam is over the West and Scott Palmer is over Central . Thanks .
total bill was $230 . Thanks .
that is fine . Shouldn't spend all of your money on booze and tickets to a game that you only watch half of .
we will be in an offsite training session all day Thursday .
FYI
Please pass on the condolences of another part of the Auburn family to Mr . Walker . We are all truly hurt by the passing of his mother . From the recent articles I have read in the Alabama papers , it appears she was a phenomenal mother and friend . We were also pleased to see his positive comments regarding his teammates , fellow students and alumni of Auburn . The auburn spirit is special and it means a lot to those of us who spent time there to hear current players and students share the same beliefs . We are sure he will continue to honor his mother and her memory by his outstanding play on the field and dedication in the classroom . Thank you Mr . Walker for making us all proud to be an Auburn Tiger . Please respond via email to let us know if the University or anyone else has set up a memorial fund or scholarship in her name . We would really like to donate money in her name . Thanks and War Eagle . The Love Family Dianne , Phillip and Ashley Houston , Texas Class of 69' , 71' and '93
Can you let your group know that we have made some changes in responsibility in Risk Management . Kam Keiser will be responsible for the West Desk , Scott Palmer will now be responsible for the Central Desk and I will now be responsible for the East Desk . Please pass this information on and direct future inquiries accordingly . Thanks .
boy she looks great . So beautiful . Ashley and I are still waiting for a phone call so we can bring dinner by . Darron and Kristi wanted to join us . Give me a call 37376 .
Please pass on the sentiments of at least 3 Auburn Alumni . The students that appear in the pictures from Halloween dressed in racial costumes should be immediately expelled from the University and their respective fraternities should be permanently removed from campus . We also think that PartyPics.com should be disciplined and removed from the vendor list for the University . Auburn University and it's related organizations should not contribute money to organizations that are willing to take pictures of such insulting behavior and try and profit from them by selling them to disgusting human beings that would participate in such offensive behavior . As graduates of Auburn University and Athletic and Academic Scholarship donors , we are appalled by these students behavior and demand immediate action be taken against them . The longer this issue is not dealt with , the worse our University looks in the eyes of the world . Please take action and help save Auburn's reputation . Thanks for your assistance . The Love Family Dianne , Ashley and Phillip Class of 69',71',93'
I wish you would come back - it would give our stock price a shot in the arm...press release...DK is back at work! ! I will talk with DG and get with you on a date , we are pretty busy around the holidays , maybe we can hit something up during the week . Does Gary get home at a decent time during the week ? I now am over the east desk , so my hours recently increased . We will see .
still do not have anything from a contract standpoint . I will try and put some time into it today . AS of last Friday , I now have responsibility for the East desk instead of the Central , but I will include Scott Palmer in my work since he now is over the Central . I am not abandoning you , it is just that my workload has drastically increased trying to wrap up central desk issues , get Scott up to speed and get myself up to speed on the East desk . We will get a resolution ASAP . Thanks .
She is moving to the west , Scott palmer is moving to the central and Anne is going to Industrial Markets
sorry for the delay
you sure...I know I don't add much value , but I do not want to put stress on everyone else .
thanks
Take a look at the items below let me know if you need any help . Thanks .
I forwarded this to Scott Palmer , he is the new lead of the Central desk .
I hope be here .
Here it is , my changes are in red .
I am sure you guys will be on your way home be the time us risk guys leave .
and for those that are email challenged(Scott Palmer ) you sent it twice . Don't worry , we do not have to worry about O'Neal , Sunday is not daylight savings time . I got them to move the tournament two weeks so we could count on O'Neal for the first game .
can you get me the info on August for Nicor , according to Cora Pendergrass I need to see august numbers because some of July's invoice has august volumes . I would like a copy of all the stuff you guys gave me for July . Thanks .
could you please grant access to myself and Ed Brady for the books that Alejandra Chavez currently has access . This is for ERMS/PortCalc . Thanks for your help and shout with any questions .
Thanks .
thanks .
got your message last night . What is up ? Bet you are glad you are not working for the big E . Things are not too good here . Just waiting for the ax to drop . Hope things are good in SF . Talk to you soon .
I am in .
sorry I did not get back with you last night , we were up in Navasota all weekend with some friends enjoying the clean and quiet country air . We also went to the Renaissance Festival . Things are getting pretty hectic around here . There are a number of individuals who are responsible for destroying one of the best companies in America in less than a year . It is all pretty amazing and really still has not sunk in . We are all just trying to continue with business as usual and hope for the best . If I do get laid off , I just hope to get a really good package . How are things in Denver ? Good I hope . How is that baby ? Is she getting bigger ? I hope so . Drop me a line and let me know what is going . Thanks for the call .
In
can you get me copies of the August Invoice . Cora is very confident we have done everything correctly and I am still disagreeing with her(agreeing with you guys) . This is pretty confusing and they did not keep spreadsheets or data about these , so I am having trouble tying all the volumes . Could you also get me copies of the pipeline statements for August . It looks like I am also missing one of the pipeline statements from July as well . I do not have the statement for the loan of 73,416 . Thanks . I am sorry this is taking a while , this deal is very complex and traders/schedulers have not kept good records .
yep
The report named: East P/L Totals ,  published as of 11/12/2001 is now available for viewing on the website .
Can each of you please set up minibooks for any deals in your books that are with any Dynegy counterparty . We have not gotten the request yet , but we expect Lavo to ask Gossett at any time for this info and we want to be prepared for a quick turnaround . Thanks . Shout with any questions .
Per our discussion in the staff meeting .
Just wanted to send you an FYI - due to problems that are caused for RAC , please roll your P&L's each day from your daily file and not the regions file . The RAC group looks at our P&L's in the region files each morning to determine rho and drift and this causes a problem if you have saved your P&L after rolling(it appears as though you have data already captured for current day because it copies and pastes formulas from the prior day to current day) . Thanks for your help and shout with any questions .
FYI - based on a call I got from Chris Abel in controls . Not sure if any of your guys roll from the regions file instead of daily .
number here is 713-853-7376 . If you come back to Houston and are job hunting , please give me a call . Thanks for all of your hard work and helping with the transitions process .
FYI we have made some changes in responsibility in risk . Kam is now the desk head for the West Desk , Scott Palmer is now the desk head for the Central Desk and I am now desk head for the East Desk . O'Neal remains over Texas . Thanks and please share with your colleagues .
The report named: East Position Totals ,  published as of 11/13/2001 is now available for viewing on the website .
The report named: East P/L Totals ,  published as of 11/13/2001 is now available for viewing on the website .
I agree with the espey call too , let me know if it is a go and I will talk with him . Is it still just a two month deal ?
I will be on vacation on Friday . Sorry .
as far as I know the exchange is closed next Thursday and Friday and we are not calcing books .
Kam Keiser suggested that I email you regarding ERV publishing access . I am taking over the East desk from her and I need to be able to publish the trading track books to ERV . Please shout with any questions or concerns . Thanks .
FYI - notes from a conference call today
The report named: East P/L Totals ,  published as of 11/14/2001 is now available for viewing on the website .
The report named: East Position Totals ,  published as of 11/14/2001 is now available for viewing on the website .
much more informative than Lay's email last night
HERE IT IS .
FYI when we put in a new deal in sitara we only update the volume section(top section of sitara) . We do not touch the expected volumes area - that is for schedulers to make changes and modify . Please shout with any questions .
FYI - remember to have one of your team members take home all of the trader packets tomorrow and come in extra early on Monday to deliver them to the traders . I think we also talked about last week that we need to make sure everyone was here by 7 a.m . on Monday . Please shout if you guys disagree .
FYI - since we are moving this weekend , do not put your trader packets on your trader's desk tomorrow night . Give them to Bruce(since he is the slowest ) and he will bring them in Monday morning and distribute to our trader's . Everyone needs to be here by 7 a.m . on Monday in order to answer any questions your traders have and test out your systems . If things are messed up , we want to get the IT people first . Thanks and shout with any questions .
THe file is in the ERMS/1Intra/Central/Sithe TCPL Transport 1115 . I left Louis a message to call you tomorrow and let you know about the demand charge rate .
A violation is a violation . I suggest that you go big time next time in order to get your money's worth .
Christmas time is going to keep me from playing . Thanks for the invite and congrats on the Big 12 south .
none of these are mine . sorry for the delayed response , I was on vacation .
that is not very nice .
are you now back in the office ? When did you get back ? How is the baby ? Good I hope .
grab me tomorrow and let's discuss . I am not aware of which calc sheets she had to do , so let's look at them together and go from there . I know Melissa does some also . Thanks for pulling double duty training Michelle and doing the east desk . Hope you had a good thanksgiving .
here is the spreadsheet that you sent . Please let me know if you have any questions . I highlighted my changes in red .
If you did not get this file , please take a look at it and research the variances and plan on taking them on Friday . Please shout with any questions . Thanks .
FYI
good idea coming back . It is a zoo around here . Looks like D-Day is today . We will see . At least I got to move into the new building and see it for a few days . Where are you currently sitting ?
Have they given you guys any time frame ? I am up on five , you get a chance , stop by .
FYI
I will be at my desk for a while if you want to stop by .
I face the one that is on the way up to 6 . I am at 05145 .
attached is the minibook for the existing Brooklyn union deal . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks .
I am in .
this is a cemetery book , none of the deals in this book are active . You should also see this case for several similar books - UN-CENTRAL . Let me know if you need more information . Thanks .
good , I have some direct meters forms that are under tolerance . Not a big deal , I simply signed them without looking at them .
ed brady and james hungerford are working on east stuff
Bailey I heard bon jovi is your idol . Enjoy .
what is up with leaving me off the email this morning ? You don't want me to come work for you too ? My feelings were hurt . Hope things are going well in San Antonio . We need to get back to Vegas so I can gamble away what is left of my retirement .
If we are completely confident that any changes in locations will be changed on the swaps 100% of the time , I am more than happy to not get the email .
who is not above 500 ?
I received your name from Kam Keiser . We are both managers in risk management at Enron . Kam had mentioned that you are in the process of recruiting for several clients in the energy industry . I have roughly 4 years experience in the industry with 2.5 of those years in risk management . Prior to employment with Enron , I worked for a big six accounting firm and in the healthcare industry for the University of Texas . I am interested in staying in the energy field . If you think one of your clients might be interested , I would like to send my resume on to you . If they or you are not interested , I apologize for taking up your time today . Thanks and I hope to hear from you soon . Phillip Love
still working . I hope to have it completed before the week is out . As I am sure you are experiencing as well all the fire drills that are currently going on around here , I have been running since I got back from vacation . Believe me when I say this is a high priority for me as well because of all the potential P&L fallout for the traders who have been entering this information .
hope this is what you were looking for . Please let me know if you need anything else .
yep...you knew i would
thanks for checking and publishing this . I will have another talk with the guys .
pretty funny
Here are the documents you requested . Thanks for all of your help . I look forward to talking with you . Also , alternatively , I can be reached at home 281-486-7026 .
Here is the head hunter I am working with . She seems pretty receptive and has been proactive getting back with me .
looks good to me . Basically states the main things that I do now . Thanks .
I do not know anyone that has the skills you left me a message about - Mathematics Ph.D . Sorry .
FYI - reminder that the last person here every night needs to publish to the web the East P&L and the East Positions . Everyone should have access to this and if you do not know how to load these files , let me know . We have all been guilty of forgetting this , including myself . We owe a big thank you to Kulvinder who has saved us a couple of nights in the last week . Thanks .
Here is a spreadsheet put together by settlements . Make sure you see the notes at the bottom . Positive amounts are what they owe us , negative we owe them . Please let me know if you need anything else . Thanks .
trying to keep from sucking on a tailpipe in my garage . Just hanging in there and waiting to see what happens . I have a few feelers out . We will just see what happens . How are things with you ?
Is the director Jerry Wu ?
tell them to archive it
sure . Why not . Move them .
fyi research your PMA's and put them in your P&L tomorrow .
unbelievable pictures .
here is the file with last night's curves .
thanks .
Send to your group's please . If you feel like drowning your sorrows at the end of the world in some free keg beer , sodas and hard liquor - come down to Clear Lake and celebrate the fact that today may be the last paycheck you receive from Enron . Playstation , pool , and darts(with pictures of great Enron leaders ) will be available for your enjoyment . You can also try chase the 3 year old with the dirty diaper . Party starts about 7 ish . We will order Pizza or something like that if you haven't eaten . Directions: I - 45 South to exit 29 - CLC Blvd . Turn left under the freeway - heading east You will travel roughly four miles ( through 3 lights and two stop signs ) turn left on Noble Pine(across from Children's World ) When that street dead end's take a right on Towering Oak Take first left onto Cherry Oak That dead end's at Sterling Wood Way - take a left . Third house of the right 4435 Sterling Wood Way Hope to see everyone there .
read the email subject fool
fyi if you want to come , I invited my whole group .
Due to lack of interest , we are going to postpone the gig . Try and reschedule after we actually file .
party killed to due to bad spirits down here .
Happy Valentine's day palmer . Megan - Scott now handles the central desk .
you have already won . check schedule .
not really , waiting for some communication .
not a bad thing if you get a job out of it .
they can be placed in East and set to inactive for now . Thanks .
FYI - Dad told me about this article today in the Pro-Bama paper . - Huntsville Times
we are not sure yet if we are going to copy these deals or simply move them completely to this new book(remove from old books) . You can move them to a new root portfolio if you want . I do not know what that means though .
we at least temporarily halting the calcing of the trading track books . Please make sure the following books ( all risk types ) are inactivated: Thanks .
The report named: East P/L Totals ,  published as of 12/03/2001 is now available for viewing on the website .
you absolutely amaze me . You send me an article that describes your fans as some of the most low class fans in the country . Nice try and getting my dander up . FYI - Paul Finebaum was fired from the Birmingham News several years ago because of his lopsided reporting(Pro Alabama) . HE now works for the Mobile Register - you know that Pulitzer prize winning paper in Lower Alabama(come on) .
hilarious
red this yesterday - made me sick . I have always hated Finebaum .
thanks
take off on Friday if you want , get with your back up so that they know what is going on & as far as I know we are working the day after Christmas .
now that you say that , I think you are right . She is really good with detail and very personable .
unbelievable . Still hanging on here . We let go of 4,500 of the 7,500 people in Houston . Crazy stuff . Will keep in touch .
I will play if we have a team - Kansas down here has a friend on that team - I will have him give the guy a shout and see if they are showing up .
what is up rob ? I still have a picture of the four of us on top of that mountain in California with dirt all over us from riding those four wheelers when we were in 9th grade . I am still here for now - no jokes about the demise of the big E . Pretty rough carnage through here . I am sure you guys in California are loving it . I will give you my secondary email if in fact I am one of the next one's out - plove@houston.rr.com . Ev just had a baby boy last week - he was one month early and the boy still weighted 9 lbs . 5 ounces . 21 inches long . His name is Devon Lamar . Ev has changed companies - his new email address is ESmith@kanekatexas.com . I am sure he would love to hear from you . Hope all is well with everyone .
looks good . I have a few suggestions and they are just personal preferences - I prefer to see every left justified and the name , address etc centered on the page . Also , I would leave off qualifications .
heard you had a really good story about a five year old louisiana boy that likes to bite adults . What the hell are you guys teaching the kids over there ?
hanging in there . We are still here for now . Hopefully one of the I Banks will come through and buy us up . I will keep you informed .
With a little more notice , hopefully we will not cancel the gig . The party is back on for Saturday Dec . 15th - party start time is now 4 p.m . Please pass on to your groups again .
if you guys want to come , feel free .
you and Gary come on if you can get a babysitter .
The report named: East Position Totals ,  published as of 12/07/2001 is now available for viewing on the website .
here is the new deal PB&I for NUI .
no thanks necessary - you have done a great job - now keep it up . The courts are going to rule if some bonuses can be paid out - there are no guarantees , so I would not count on them approving it . They are supposedly negotiating to have us stay on 5 & 6 . Nothing really new on those fronts .
here it is .
I am still here . I have a contract through March 1 of next year , so I should be here at least until then . The absolute destruction of the company has been pretty brutal - some of the people lost everything in their 401K . I guess they really believed in the company . We should still be in town in Feb . just let us know when the party is and we will be there .
yes
FYI - sorry I forgot to send this to you guys last week - Alex I do not have Elizabeth Soto's home number - if you do , please invite her as well . Hope to see you guys there .
I have inactivated the following books on the website(all risk types ) please verify they are inactive: There should only be one active book under VNG is FT-VNG-PMT-PRC(we will inactivate after value liquidates this month) . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks .
please check again for me , I have inactivated FT-VNG-IDX
the website says that EAST-TP1 - PRC & Bas are not official . I checked both post ids and they are official . The postids are 1435337 & 1435338 respectively . Thanks .
FYI - Sean no longer works here . I forwarded this to Scott Tackett - he is handling all Deal Validation now .
According to Hully - we have a game tentatively scheduled for tomorrow at 7 p.m . He needs to know ASAP who can play because of some snafu at the Y(we were supposed to play last night and they forgot to call him) . Let me know today if you can play and I will let him know so he can call the Y . Thanks .
looks like she is really excited to be in front of the tree . What did you do give her a sedative and then take a picture . How are things going ?
done
here is the excel file for value of empire .
done
I think we should also put the position report file in there that Jad/Couch created as a backup to the CEPos/East Positions . Couch can you put the query file you set up for the price desk ?
FYI - and you will also have to continue to calc physical books - deals not moved from those calcs yet - value and position . Let me know if you have any questions .
yes 21st is cool . Just use this as a time to help out and do any projects that come up and use up all of your vacation - doubt it will be there to carryover . As far as I know , our employment status has not changed - we have made no changes to the "list" . I would not worry for now .
take a look at them .
please set up the book attached asap . Thanks .
I will do it Wed and Thursday . Kam and I will be out Friday , can someone else do it then ? We are supposed to email the post-id's to Debbie Bracket correct ?
Your math looks good to me . When can I expect my $140 ?
please reactivate/unarchive the following books - we are going to have to start calcing these today . Intra-Central-Phy and Intra-East-Phy . Thanks .
Kam is on vacation the rest of the week . She has requested that we send you the bankruptcy post ids . They are as follows: Price -1446982 Index -1446984 Please shout with any questions . Thanks .
thanks Kam , I was going to do it this morning .
standard reply is that we will be working on the last day and no one knows what it will be like . Make a reservation and we will do our best to get you out . The problem is I am sure everyone wants to get out for New Year's Eve so you might generate hard feelings . I have nothing to do because I consider it to be the most dangerous night of the year and I always stay home . You decide what you want to do and we will work around it . If you stay here , I have always heard the Hyatt has a great party and room rate all included . I am sure other hotels have the same .
done .
FYI - this is set up and has been added as a tab to the bankruptcy post id sheet(CAN) . If you open the attachment , you will see she set these up as MMBTU/USD books in Risktrac . I talked with Cecilia and she has changed this in ERMS/TAGG effective today to be GJ/CAD . Not sure how this happened , but it is fixed now . Should not have any problems , there is nothing in this book currently . Let me know if we need to calc these when I get back on Wednesday .
call with any questions .
FYI . IF you are needing to load our gas daily/intramonth curves - the instruction are on my desk on the tower under my monitors . Melissa will be out next Thursday and Friday(so will I ) so the designated representative for the east desk those days will have to load them . Thanks .
Here are the post ids: Scott Palmer will be sending this email tomorrow . Thanks .
here it is , good luck .
if your values ref out on the transport model - hit Clt-Alt-F9 .
file is saved to o:/_dropbox/finanical transprt 1220
While I was out Friday , we were expecting to get letters for people to sign for Netco , any news on that ?
here is the forwards detail minibook . Looks like three deals today . I have sorted by counterparty and period . Looks like a few of these deals go out to calendar year 2002 .
FYI -looks like everything is fine . sorry for the mix up .
Intra-East-Phy should be Intra-Northeast-phy . Is this in risktrac ?
Just wanted to let you guys in on a few things we have talked with Gossett about . Today we officially begin the process for the New Company . That being said , we now have to tighten the ship a bit . From now on , please refrain from playing games and surfing the internet all day . If you are bored and don't have anything to do , please look for things to do that are work related . This is a good time to improve your skills and learn about things you are not absolutely proficient in . Read some options books , study macros in the P&L's , etc . The key phrase here is work to improve your skills so that we can shake off some of the rust we have developed in the last month . All of this is coming from Goss and it is serious , to be a part of the new company you have to show that you are willing to contribute and are the best of the best . I know this sounds harsh , but we have all had a nice vacation and I am sure most of you are like me and looking forward to not having such a boring job . It looks as though bidders will be in this week , so we will have some reports and demonstrations to give . Please pull me aside or email me if you have any further questions . Thanks and Happy New Year .
let me know what she says , I have my request filled out and saved in the same directory , I will send it to her when we know if she can do it .
I just got back from lunch , when you get a chance , please stop by and we can talk about you coming to risk . I sit at the end of the row at the row behind the flag that says gas risk management . Thanks .
thanks .
nice . real impressive .
I saved the file for us to send to Susan Trevino for all the book access requests . I added the control group and put goss , kam , valdes and his people in there . So make sure you add that group to your book requests . Please take a look at this file and let me know if we need to make any changes . I plan on sending this file to Susan Trevino by tomorrow afternoon . The file in located in the Netco directory under controls/desk matrix . Thanks .
FYI - the head hunter that I have been talking to forwarded this job description to me . If you are interested in talking to her , let me know and I will give you the info . She told me the salary is in the $140's .
I wouldn't expect anything . I am sure everyone will move over as a lateral . They may do retention packages , but I have not heard anything .
I have tried to contact you guys three times today and have been on hold each time at least 20 minutes . I cancelled my service with you over a month ago and asked that you keep from sending me a bill . My service was cancelled immediately and I was told I would receive a bill from you and I would then have to call and dispute the bill to have my account credited . I asked at that time since I had waited on hold that time for 30 minutes that this matter be taken care of immediately so that I would not have to call back and sit on hold again for half an hour . Your customer service manager , very rudely I might add , said that was impossible and I would just have to do it anyway . Since I have had to wait on hold today for so long I want this email to serve as my dispute and have my account closed and the balance due removed since you terminated my service and I did not get the use of my phone . Just a word of advice , I would hire more customer service representatives if you plan on keeping customer to serve . This is by far the worst customer service experience I have ever had with a company and I will make sure all of my colleagues and friends know of this experience . I understand that you don't really care about giving good customer service to your ex customers , but I assure you make a fatal error when you assume those people will not share there experience with current and future potential customers . Phillip Love Acct . Number 00W-80016440
sorry Pop , I forgot to send this to you . My home email is plove@houston.rr.com . Talk to you this weekend . I heard Auburn got rid of Off and Def coordinator . We will see if that changes anything .
I hope it is not Woody , Vandy sucked at offense and defense . He is horrible and I would hope we would go after somebody else . We need to get someone in there soon so they can put the offense/defense in and the players can start studying it to get a head start on next year . I am afraid if Tubby doesn't turn it around next year he may be gone . I got a digital camera for Christmas that works real well , I will get some pictures to you .
Guess what I just heard - Steve Spurrier has resigned . No word yet on where he is going...check out espn.com I got a Canon Elph 100 Talk to you soon .
are you still in ? I need to get your nt login so you can be given access to the calcs . Thanks .
Susan , attached is a new matrix for each desk . This should replace the previous matrix you are using . We are just putting our groups down in the access request list and this should be used to cross reference . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks .
Please add Financial and Control group to these book requests if they are missing . We would like for everyone to have access to these books that is on that matrix we sent you . Thanks .
I have no idea...hopefully we will know soon
I passed this on to my boss and he is not interested at this time . Thanks for sending it and please keep me up to date on any opportunities you see that look good . Thanks .
I only show that we should have triggered 1127631 for December and they did not trigger 1131418 at all . They will need to provide documentation to us - i.e . signed confirms that show this was done . Is the trigger price they are suggesting in our favor or not ? If it is in our favor , I am sure we will change it ASAP . Please let me know .
FYI - I have done the west and I have resaved this file out there . I highlighted the rows to be changed in yellow . If we all do this , we should be able to use the same list . I added a column to the file and put IM S/B , LT S/B and Daily S/B .
I fixed 1127631 , the other deal ,  I do not have a confirm from you on and it is already priced at NX1 + basis . Please let me know if you need something further on these deals .
Saw this morning we hired Petrino . I did not realize how successful he has been at the college level . Three times his offenses have led the nation in offense . He also did a good job with Quarterbacks . He has three playing in the NFL now that he developed . I think this might be a real good move . How are things there ?
done .
looks like Florida will not be very good next year . They are losing their best players to the draft . All three of their receivers and their best cornerback and offensive linemen have now declared for the draft today . Add to that they can not get a coach to sign on . Shanahan just turned it down , they are now going to New Orleans offensive coordinator . See what happens . Did you get your pool cover fixed ?
What is up my California buddy ? Staying out of trouble ? Things are going pretty good here . You believe Steve Spurrier ? IT is a great deal for Auburn and the SEC . Time for a new dog to get on top . What is my little friend Emma beans up to ? I bet she is growing and talking up a storm . Are you guys coming to the Fest this year ? Just to offer you a little encouragement , I found a special fare for you out there on southwest non stop both ways....here is the link . Only $250 a person . Let me know big dog . You know we can not have the tradition ended .
Air Itinerary Trip Date Day Stops Flight Routing Depart Apr 25 Thu N/S 468 Depart San Diego ( SAN ) at 7:00 AM and arrive in New Orleans ( MSY ) at 12:30 PM Return Apr 28 Sun N/S 474 Depart New Orleans ( MSY ) at 6:05 PM and arrive in San Diego ( SAN ) at 8:05 PM Pricing Trip Type of Fare Base Fare U.S . Taxes PFC Passenger(s ) Total
I do not see why not , run it by palmer , since as of Monday he will be your lead .
You know you got me all fired up now , I am going to put on the full court press to keep the tradition alive . I am attaching a map from El Cajon to Houston for driving directions . They say it will take 24+hours , I calculated the time and I think the jilly mobile can do it in 20 . Ashley is probably going to drive the Burban over to NO and I am going to fly because of work . So you guys only have to drive to Houston and she will do the rest . Sounds like a good idea to me(yeah right) . I will even throw in a Love trip back to SD this summer/fall if I can get a visit in April . Two for one baby , you can't get a deal better than that except at Costco . Plus , I almost forgot the best part - we have a little TV for the burban so you could get a little MLB 2001 action on the way.....(give me enough time and I will keep it coming ) P.S . - we also have the Milton's bread here(so you can make sandwiches for the trip to NO ) El Cajon , CA US Houston , TX US Total Distance: 1455.80 miles Total Estimated Time: 24 hours , 26 minutes DIRECTIONS DISTANCE 1: Start out going West on E MAIN ST towards S MAGNOLIA AVE by turning left . 0.03 miles 2: Turn RIGHT onto N MAGNOLIA AVE . 0.47 miles 3: Take the I-8 E ramp towards EL CENTRO . 0.28 miles 5: Take the I-10 E exit- exit number 178A- towards TUCSON . 0.57 miles 7: Take the I-35 N exit- exit number 570- on the left towards AUSTIN . 0.34 miles 9: Take the I-410 S exit- exit number 162 . 0.41 miles 10: Keep LEFT at the fork in the ramp . 0.14 miles 11: Keep LEFT at the fork in the ramp . 0.42 miles 13: Take the I-10/US-90 exit- exit number 33- towards SAN ANTONIO/HOUSTON . 0.14 miles 14: Keep LEFT at the fork in the ramp . 0.26 miles 15: Keep RIGHT at the fork in the ramp . 0.28 miles 16: Keep LEFT at the fork in the ramp . 0.26 miles 18: Take the SMITH ST exit- exit number 769A- towards DOWNTOWN . 0.38 miles 19: Turn LEFT onto FRANKLIN ST . 0.09 miles 20: Turn RIGHT onto MILAM ST . 0.09 miles Total Estimated Time: Total Distance: 24 hours , 26 minutes 1455.80 miles
FUCK YOU
We need to take the central off before the NY , NY Market , southeast curve files . We need to add the GDI East curve file . Also add the two east phy/gas daily curve files - o:tds/tds curve/east/intramonth & gas daily files/eastprodnewstyle and eastmktnewstyle . Sandra's curve file is o:tds/tds curve/east/fteast . The P&L files are o:erms/1intra/ireport/2002/0102phy/regions/EATP0102 and o:erms/erms_adm/firmtrad/2002/0102/regions/Intra-East Transport 0102 .
The desk took the adjustment and we were waiting on Lisa to verify the amounts on the A/R . We need to know the variance on the A/R by month to compare to my analysis and we can then change the prices in Sitara . The desk took a 5.7 million dollar expense PMA . Please let me know if and when you guys have the info and we can get it fixed in Sitara . Until this gets done , OA will have a variance on flash to actual because the desk already took the adjustment - we wanted to get it in for year end .
I have set up the new basis curves for West and the are based off the old curves , so they are in the old format . They are located in the Netco Directory under west/curves/CA BASIS NEW and WEST BASIS NEW . I am still working on GDY and Phy/GD . The Phy/GD is in the new format and will be located in the same directory as the above , with the title West phys curves . GDY will be in the same location as filename West GDY and it is also in the new format . The phys/GD file will be complete tomorrow and the GDY will be done today .
For West: Risk(give these people access to all regions)- Phillip Love Randy Bhatia Melissa Videtto Stephanie Hopkins Ryan O'Rourke Zach McCarroll Traders(just West access)- Mike Grigsby Phillip Allen Keith Holst Frank Ermis Jay Reitmeyer Jane Tholt Matt Lenhart Jason Wolfe Matt Smith I will have Patti Sullivan from logistics send you her list . Thanks .
Would you mind sending Russ the list of your people that will need access to sitara in NetCo . I have send him the list of traders . Thanks .
come down whenever , we can find something to show you .
thanks .
Done .
I agree .
Per John Lavorato , we killed all desk to desk deals on Dec . 13th . That is why this deal was killed . You mentioned that you had price deals that were not killed . Can you give me deal numbers for those as well and we can take a peak and see why they were not killed . It is our understanding that all desk to desk(book to book ) should be killed because no cash actually changes hands . Should this deal have been with an external counterparty ?
Is this value on these deals rought 8K ? If so , tell portfolio acct to put them in and generate a PMA for the gas books . It is not worth investigating for such a small number and the deal ended 12/01 . Are these the only four deals you have with the gas desk ?
Attached is a file from EOL that has all the current products . We are trying to do a mass mapping for the systems of all of these products . As you mentioned , not all of these products will roll out initially , but we wanted to go ahead and map them in the system . I have put in the old trader's names in a column(column F) . If you could check out the list when you get a chance and let me know if you want to change the traders on any of the products and who will be trading the products for the traders that are not moving over(names highlighted in green) . Also , there are no current products under Jason Wolfe , Matt Smith or Jane Tholt . Please let me know if we need to create products for them or if we will be moving existing ones to them . Please also let me know which traders need to also have a physical book . The list I gave you this morning is the financial books we set up . Thanks for your help and let me know if you have any questions or concerns .
Let O'Neal know if you will be in or out so that we can get some fillers .
thanks for the file . I am attaching the basis curves we have set up and the GDY curve file as well . I am finishing the physical as we speak . Please look at these three files and let me know if you would like any changes . We are only putting the published curves in the files , at least to begin with . West Basis is the rockies at southwest curves and CA basis is the california markets . Thanks .
Thanks for the EOL products email . I am attaching the curve files . The CA Basis is the California markets and the West Basis is Rockies and SW . The third file is the GDI curves . Please review and let me know if we need to make any changes or additions to this file . They are pretty simple and straightforward and do not link to anything currently . Let me know what you think . I am sending them in three different emails because of the size . I will have the physical/GD curve file to you by Monday . Thanks .
Looks like the search continues .
thanks .
I can not open the file...Is this the kid from the man show selling beer ? I have also seen him trying to buy beer .
that is absolutely hilarious . I have heard a rumor that the Chargers are considering moving to LA....Is that correct ? That will be absolutely horrendous . I saw the game of the century the other day on ESPN classics...Chargers vs . Dolphins 1983 . Truly awesome . My man at the time Winslow(racist ) got carried off three times .
Attached is the curve file for phys and gas daily . I made this extremely simple on our first pass , but I left in the tabs that were in the old/current file . All you would do would be to go to the fin tab and hard code balance of month price for each of the curve locations(yellow column) . This will then set the gas daily curve . We will continue to true up to gas daily each day . You may want to also reset the next day's curve as well , since this is a hardcode , you simply type over the previous day's load . The phys tab pulls from the fin tab and adds the phys prem to it . We can increase the complexity of this file by adding formulas or tabs if you like . I figure you will want to keep your model and I can pull info from there as well . I simply wanted to start out at a baseline and build it to best fit your needs . Please let me know what you would like to see changed and we will do it . Thanks .
What??? ? I thought that was your team ? I am a big raiders fan and I hope Chucky gets that ring this year . Hey , FYI , we are getting a guys trip to Las Vegas for the first weekend of March Madness if you are interested - March 13-16th . Got a room at the Mirage and it is $120 per person for the three nights . I figure air fare is pretty cheap from SD , let me know if you are interested . Take care .
I just saw a fare from SD for $68 roundtrip....I have to seriously consider moving out there if it is that cheap to go to Vegas .
hahaha . I am talking to Bosse on the phone and both of us fell out of our chairs with that one...You kill me chef Vito . P.S . Bosse said bring your ass to New Orleans
just win baby.. .
I will get her on it . I will have her wear on denise in the same manner I am wearing on you .
I was under the impression that there was an outstanding A/R and A/P balance on this counterparty in the 4-5 million dollar range . Should be pretty noticeable .
I think there is also some stuff under a subsidiary of NICOR , Northern Illinois . Make sure both are included . If you guys can get the balances and which deal numbers are outstanding I think we can match up with the CPR reports that I have .
should be Nicor and Northern Illinois . If you want to round up the deal numbers/invoices and such , we can get together and I can show you the deals I am showing a variance on . I took an adjustment to the desk for 5.7 million and that is for Jan 00 - Oct 01 . production only . Let me know .
thanks . That sucks
The West books should be GD and GDY for Canadian deals . I would think that the central books should have two set up , one for P/B/I and one for GD . I believe I had called you and said that the books should be set up like FT-ONT-GDL for the gas daily books . This is correct . Thanks .
Pretty funny .
absolutely . I will make the changes and have something to you this afternoon .
Please modify the curve files you are currently loading to incorporate the database changes . These changes need to be made today . Please ask myself or Russ if you need any help . Thanks .
I need all of your official post ids from your old books for the date of 11/30/01 . Please email them to me ASAP .
Are you going to handle this ?
thanks
please let me know what risk types each of these postids is please .
Here it is .
already got them slacker .
here is the file . You would change the two curve tabs and the publish tabs are linked up . The BOM file is unchanged . The two basis files now only have basis curves in them . Let me know any changes you would like . Thanks .
I suppose
east is done .
Looks like due to the Enron debacle , you guys can make some money...On Ebay the cups I sent you are going for $50 and higher . Make your money while you can .
Do we need to make any changes to the EOL products ? I see that Steve South is now on the trader list , does he need any products for EOL ? I will work on the curves and get with you on a first pass . Thanks .
I apologize , we have been a little delinquent on the thank you cards this year , we are usually really good about it . He got those horses and absolutely loves them . We got him a fisher price farm for Christmas and he had just opened that when he opened the horses . We couldn't get him to open another give for half an hour playing with those horses . They go great with the farm and plays with them all the time . Thanks .
Here is a rough draft of what we discussed yesterday , let me know what if any changes need to be made and we can sit down with Couch . Thanks .
Greg Couch forwarded your email address to me saying you were interested in some Enron logo sleeves of golf balls . I have four sleeves of Titleist Tour Prestige 90 and 8 sleeves of Pinnacle Gold Distance golf balls . Please let me know if you are interested and what you are willing to pay . I am going to put them on EBay tonight if I do not here from you . If you are not interested , I apologize for the message . Thanks
That is funny . I just ordered some more to sell on EBay , I can buy four sleeves for $16.50 and they are going for $40 a sleeve on EBay . You might want to sell them . We were actually a skit last week on Saturday Night Live . Pretty funny stuff . Keep working on your wife about Jazz Fest . Ash is working her too .
I think they have finally changed the way our addresses work . It is phillip.m.love@enron.com for now . We will see if it changes to UBS . Where are you traveling to today ?
not sure what happened . I think I am fixing to put a whole bunch of Enron stuff on Ebay , people are making money hand over fist with this stuff .
The books title is Options , Futures , and Other Derivatives by John C . Hull . The publisher is Prentice Hall and the ISBN # is 0130224448 . Thanks a million .
Isn't it crazy . Someone is selling a risk management book that they gave us in a class here for $900 . Unbelievable . I am putting stuff out there tomorrow when it comes in . We have a signature shop here that we can buy that same sleeve of balls for $4 .
I figure you are going to turn around and sell them on Ebay(current price is $77) . So , I will sell you the two pinnacle cases for $250 , roughly $31 a sleeve . I now have two cases of the titleist golf balls that will also sell at the same price . I can send you a picture tonight , when I get home . I can ship tomorrow or Saturday , I will pay for the shipping . If you are interested , let me know . Thanks .
I feel confident I can sell them on EBay for at least $25 a sleeve , so I will go at that way . Thanks anyway . Good luck .
attached are the curve files for your part of the West - basis , index , GDY , phy and gas daily . Please take a look and make sure I have not put a curve in the wrong region . Due to size , I am sending them in three different emails . Thanks .
Per an email from Mike Grigsby , I understand we are splitting the west into two regions . You are going to be doing the SW and socal per Mike's email . I am attaching the curve files we have created . Please take a look at them and make sure I am not missing curves or have included wrong ones . We are only going to be setting published locations initially . I am sending you the curves in three parts due to the size of the files . The Index file has phys index and GDY , and the Phy file has BOM phys and GD . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks .
I just left you a voice mail and wanted to follow it up with an email regarding the termination of deals . Please start forwarding these requests to myself and Darron Giron . Scott is heading another project for Gossett and Darron and I will be handling terminations from today forward . Thanks for your help and let me know if you have any questions . Thanks .
This is done .
Congratulations on winning the auction on Ebay for the sleeve of Titleist Golf Balls . Please let me know if you will be paying by PayPal(alove@houston.rr.com ) or money order/cashier's check . The total is $64 . I will mail the balls priority mail as soon as I receive payment . Thanks again and use this email address if you reply before this evening , alove@housotn.rr.com is my home email and I can not access it from work . Please email me your address so that I can send them . Thanks again and look forward to hearing from you soon .
Thanks . I will put the balls in the mail today .
Congratulations on winning the auction on EBay for the Enron Values cube . Please let me know if you will be paying by PayPal(alove@houston.rr.com ) or by money order/cashier's check . As soon as I receive payment , I will mail the cube by priority mail . Please send me your mailing address . If you respond during the day , respond to this email address , the alove@houston.rr.com is for my home account and I can not access it from work . Thanks again .
FYI - total is $18.50
Please send another sleeve of those pinnacle golf balls to the address below as well . He has paid our paypal account . Thanks .
I have you down for $61 plus shipping , not $1,600 . I show that you bid at $6.99 and at $61 . There was no bid for $19.99 listed at all . I am sorry if you did not mean to bid $61 , but it is hardly out of the range - these balls were selling this weekend for $80-90 . If your winning bid was $200 or higher I could understand your complaint and we could make an adjustment , but $61 is not an unreasonable amount . Please let me know if you are planning on paying the $61(I will pay shipping if you use PayPal) . If not , I need to contact EBay for resolution . I need a response as soon as possible . Thanks .
Add Steve South to the Trader list and remove the following from Risk: Zach McCarroll , Stephanie Hopkins . Thanks .
can you get the process rolling on this additional book for the west . Thanks .
Sorry for the confusion . I was sending out several emails today . I will send out the golf balls when I receive your money order . The address for you to send it to is: Phillip Love , P.O . Box 890086 , Houston , TX 77289 . Thanks and sorry for the confusion .
give me your mailing address and I will get those golf balls in the mail . Thanks .
need your mailing address to send golf balls - I received your paypal payment .
I would suggest you take it up with EBay . See my attachment regarding EBay's policy on Non Paying Bidder . I have tried to contact the person that you outbid - the person that bid $60 . He has not responded . I would suggest you try and contact him to have him pay for the item at his highest bid . I have bid on items before on EBay and it clearly asks you twice to confirm your bidding amount . I would be more than willing to change your payment if the price got way out of wack . $61 is actually cheaper than some of the balls were going for this weekend . I hope the person that bid $60 will respond and "get you off the hook" . Otherwise , EBay will have to intervene on your behalf . I guess it is possible , their system messed up , but it looks like you approved a bad bid . Sorry . Good luck . Non-Paying-Bidder / Final Value Fee Credit Request Program This is your place to learn about eBay's Non-Paying Bidder Program and supporting features . Start here if you're a: * Seller who has a non-paying bidder and would like a Final Value Fee credit for your unsold item . * eBay user who is interested in knowing more about what happens when high bidders don't pay . Non-Paying bidders face the following consequences through this program: * First offense: warning * Second offense: warning * Third offense: Indefinite Sust to do if you're a seller with a non-paying bidder 1 . Contact each other Contact each other after your listing has ended . Like you , buyers can have emergencies or computer problems . Your high bidder may not be able to respond to you right away for legitimate reasons . Generally within 3 business days is a good idea . 2 . Payment Reminder . Send a payment reminder email to your winning bidder . You can customize the email.After 3 days but not past 30 days of your listing's close.omplaintForm>File a Non-Paying Bidder Alert if you still don't get a response or if you feel you may not receive payment . Remember: In order to collect your Final Value Fee credit , you must complete a Non-Paying Bidder Alert Form on time . eBay then will send an email to you and your high bidder . Your high bidder will be reminded to pay you and informed of the consequences if no payment is sent.After 7 days but not past 45 days of your listi4 . Request your Final Value Fee credit . Request your Final Value Fee credit if you've: a ) Filed a Non-Paying Bidder Alert 7 days or more after your listing has ended and b ) Tried unsuccessfully to resolve things with your bidder 10 days after you've filed the Non-Paying Bidder Alert Form above . Your refund will be credited to your account within 48 hours.Within 60 days of your listingWorked things out with the buyer ? If you have filed the Final Value Fee credit , you may use the Non-Paying Bidder Warning Removal to remove the warning for the bidder.Within 90 days of your listing's close . Special note about Dutch Auctions: They work the same as other auctions with one exception: You may file a Non-Paying Bidder Alert Form only once per auction for as many bidders as necessary . That is , you cannot go back and file additional Alerts if you have more non-paying bidders from the same auction . Special note to bidders: If you are a bidder and believe you received an unfair warning , you may appeal it by using eBay's Non-Paying Bidder Appeal Form .  Warnings will remain on your record until they are successfully appealed . Visit our Non-Paying Bidder Frequently Asked Questions <
As I said , take it up with EBay or the individual you outbid . I see your max bid says $1600 , an obvious mistake that you had to approve unless EBay made a mistake . For the last time $61 is obviously not out of the price range for those balls this weekend , you won by a dollar . You can cancel your bid before the auction ends and you did not . Per the attachment I sent , you have another 5 days to decide to pay or get Ebay to adjust it or I will seek payment through them .
This is an issue you need to resolve with EBay . I was more than willing to work out a negotiated payment with you since I was willing to take your word you made a mistake , but you have been very rude from the beginning . Good Luck .
FYI - not sure if you know this yet , but you need to become verified on PayPal before your payment can go through . This usually entails you getting the two amounts from your bank account that they drafted - usually pennies . Once you are verified , I will receive the funds and I will mail out the cube . Thanks .
Please send this person a sleeve of the titleist balls - should be in the garage and send a sleeve of the Pinnacle balls to Robert Stokes - you should have an email in your box from last night . Also would you mail the two envelopes on the counter . Thanks . I have a UBS meeting offsite until 2 p.m . today , I will have my phone with me . Thanks - Love you .
here is the file . Please Email to Don Miller when you complete it . Thanks . The file is saved in 1intra/NYMEX Breakdown .
I just want to be crystal clear on the file you sent . We need to move all of these deals to the Bankruptcy book ? Thanks for your help .
Please divide the list between several of us . Thanks .
Just curious if this got done last night ?
Please let me know when you get close to being complete so that we can hold off calcing if necessary . Thanks .
Is this the last list we are going to get ? Jeff Gossett wants to know if we are done so that we can assure Don Miller that all of the CP's have been taken care of . Thanks .
Can you tell me if this is the last financial list we are going to get ? Jeff Gossett wants to be able to tell Don Miller if we are completely done or not . Can I also get a master list of all financial CP's we should have moved to the bankruptcy book . We want to run some reports to make sure IT has gotten them all out of the Price book . Thanks .
FYI - here is the info I have . As she said , not exactly the answer we wanted . I am still waiting on a final list to cross reference with our calcs .
We can now calc the price book and we will cross reference the list with a fwd detail of the price book to verify there are no deals with terminated counter parties . Because of the translation to the bankruptcy book , we can not calc the bankruptcy book for a while , so we will cross reference those in the morning . I will keep you posted .
would you prefer me mailing or delivering personally to you ? I was planning on shipping this afternoon . Just let me know . I will be out of the office tomorrow . Let me know whatever you prefer .
This is complete . These deals have been moved previously . Thanks .
Attached is a file with the CP's that are terminated per Kim's list and had been sent to IT to move to the bankruptcy book . There are six CP's on this list . I will send the legal names to Cecilia to get these moved today(with 7,000 lines , I am afraid it would take at least a day for risk to move manually) . We will then recheck the book tonight . As you will see on the summary page , the total value of these deals is $(61.6M) . If there are any questions , please let me know , I will bring hard copies to the 11a.m . meeting . Thanks .
Please move the following six counterparties from NG-Price to Bankruptcy . Please move only financial deals . Please let me know when this is complete . We need to have it done by the time we calc our books today - no exceptions . Thanks for your help . TAGG Short Name: Thanks again .
my dad told me about this a few weeks ago . That is crazy . I had not seen the pictures until now .
not sure if you got this . No idea why it is coming to me .
Do you mind sending this guy that mouse pad on the desk ? Thanks . The priority mail boxes are behind the filing cabinet in the office , you will need to use one of the larger ones . I would stuff it with newspaper or something like that to keep it from sliding around . Thomas Parrent 758 Regency Park Dr Crystal Lake , IL 60014 USA
already headed to someone else's house - place with bunch of kids . Thanks for the invite . Sorry .
done . You now have 2,000 shares and $1,000 cash in your account .
the book is ENA-FT-WT-SOCAL . Answer to question 2 & 3 - yes Commodity code NG Move deals as of 1/1/02 Do not understand question number 6 - other side should remain counter party
I am booked on a flight 1 week from Friday 8th of February - I land in Birmingham at 9 a.m . I should be to Huntsville by 11 a.m . I am staying until Sunday . I think Ashley and Jackson are going to stay here for now unless you report granddad is doing much worse next week . We will see how that goes . Talk to you soon . Did you call last night ?
We lost about 15% to layoffs and we lost about 40% to the estate ( staying with Enron) . The remaining people are going to UBS . We will see what happens . How are things with you ? Talk to you later .
here is the list . Thanks .
FYI - the west is wanting to split the region into two regions . Stephen , I know you have been working on mapping the P&Ls for reporting purpose , the attached file breaks down those two regions . We want to call then Southwest and Northwest . They will be headed by Phillip Allen and Mike Grigsby respectively . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks .
please see attached file and see comments below . Thanks .
Per Grigsby , all ten traders have signed on and the products are fixed . Thanks .
stay west 1-10(west 10 is Steve south , recently added) .
thanks .
You should have received feedback from me shortly after you paid . Please check your feedback and let me know if you do not have it posted and I will repost . Thanks again , and please leave positive feedback for me as well .
Done .
Per Cecilia this was done and I just spot checked a few deals and checked ENTERGY in particular and it they were moved to Bankruptcy .
Please move all the following counterparties(financial & natural gas trades only)deals from ENA-FT-WT-SOCAL book to the BANKRUPTCY book: CONSUMERS Please move all the following counterparties ( financial & natural gas trades only ) from NG-PRICE book to the BANKRUPTCY book: We are heading out shortly , so if you have any questions , please call me at home 281-486-7026 or cell 713-819-0765 , or Darron Giron at home 281-304-8303 or cell 832-524-6091 . Thanks for your help .
can you send the titleist balls - 1 sleeve to this guy for me . Thanks .
Also - no insurance - he did not pay for it .
Contratulations on winning the Luxor Money Clip . Please let me know how you will be paying and I will ship as soon as I receive payment . Paypal payment will insure the quickest shipping . Total cost is $9.50 . Thanks .
send it to alove@houston.rr.com . Thanks .
Looks like we also need to modify the OA tabs - John has anyone in OA come up with a new template ?
This is an email regarding prices for textbooks related to Energy derivatives . Trying to get Enron a discount on book purchases .
Can you please grant access to calc the ENA-FT-WT-SOCAL book to the following people: Thanks .
Please move the following book to book trades with Canada from NG-Price to Bankruptcy: Pleae let me know when this is done , we are waiting to calc today on this . Thanks .
thanks
1 . move to the appropriate book based on the logic - Canadian deal needs to go to CAD 2 . should only have to change deals from NG-Price to bankruptcy ( deals are not in any other book ) 3 . The Canadian logic deals will probably be in GJ and the US logic should be in NG 4 . Financial only 5 . Cutoff date 1/1/2002
thanks . FYI - we will have a pretty big book move for you around lunch tomorrow and need it before 3:30 if possible . We will be moving third party financial deals(ENA is the Enron counterparty ) from NG-PRICE to ENA-FT-WC-SJ . I will get you the list before lunch tomorrow , just thought you could get started on the script . Thanks again .
Darron and I may need it if Ed does not cut the cord by tomorrow . I would prefer not to have access to force him to use the estate people .
Can you do the same thing with a different book id ? Instead of book counterparty FT-CAND-TERMIN , move any deals with the FT-TERMIN-GD book to the bankruptcy book from NG-Price . Financial deals only . Thanks . Let me know if you need any further clarification , should be the exact same script as yesterday , just substitute FT_TERMIN-GD for the two books you were looking for yesterday .
can you tell me why EH6453.2 is not on the list ? We are moving EH6453.5 , in the comments it says it is an unwind of leg 2 . Counterparty is Boston Gas . Thanks .
The positions file for last night is saved out to o_dropbox and is attached .
Attached is the list of counterparties we need moved today . The list has 140 counterparties on it . Please let me know if you are not going to be able to move these today by 3:30 . Below is what we need done: 1 . Only financial deals with these counterparties 2 . Change the ENA book name from NG-Price to ENA-FT-WC-SJ 3 . commodity code should be NG 4 . cutoff date 1/1/02 Please shout if you have any questions . Thanks .
Please email me or call me...I need the deal number again . The number I wrote down expired in 11/30/01 . Thanks .
Thanks for your help .
Here are the numbers - Out of the money CP's - 68 In the money CP's - 67 Terminated CP's- 330
There are rumors around here that all the employees going to the new company - UBS Energy will be taken off of the Enron servers tomorrow . If this is true , I do not know what or when my email service at work will be back up . Please send in the mean time any emails to plove@houston.rr.com . Thanks . Hope all of you are doing well .
NG-Price contains All physical and All intercompany ENA-FT-WC-SJ Financial Deals that are out of the money ENA - FT-WT-SOCAL Financial Deals that are in the money Shout with anymore questions .
Do you have an estimated time on retranslation ?
thanks
We just wanted to let you guys know of some changes in order to keep the terminations being processed in a timely manner . It appears that all Netco employees may be taken off of systems access for Enron this weekend . In case this is true , Darron and I have transitioned from handling these requests . Greg Couch is going to be leading the estate risk effort and Pat Ryder and Chance Rabon will be handling all termination list issues . Please send these lists to these three people in lieu of Darron and I . As a side note , could you send an updated financial termination list(if this list has changed since you sent it to me Kim ) to these guys so that they can verify deals are moved to the proper book . It is probably a good idea for future termination scripts to come through Greg before going to IT because of several book moves we have made to facilitate reporting to Ed McMichael . For example the price book has been basically split into three books . Please shout with any questions or concerns you may have . Thanks .
As far as I know(see previous email) , this is the most current list . I would also use this list to verify the basis options are up to date - per our conversation earlier(Pat & Chance) .
any changes in the Jazz Fest verdict ?
March 13-16th . You in ?
I am going to call the vet school and check the authenticity of this .
will do .
just confirmed it with the Vet school . They asked we "keep it quiet" because they had to sign a confidentiality agreement saying it would not be promoted . He said as long as the wind is not too strong , she will fly in the first 45 minutes of the show . Record it and we can watch it when I am there next Friday .
done .
at least through today . Not sure when they will be taking away our access and put us on a UBS server . For now , email me at home - plove@houston.rr.com How are things going ? Good I hope .
I been serviced nicely , although a BJ would have been a nice bonus .
I do not unless I start working for you and have to worry about accounting issues .
not sure if this got done yesterday by Francis and Sanjeev . Can you let me know . Thanks .
ESPN just reported that bama got five years , 2 years no bowls and reduced scholarships(no number posted yet) . WAR EAGLE!! !
thanks .
Please do this ASAP...I have to head out of town for a few days and we need this done ASAP . Thanks . Curves are under NW and SW in the netco directory - ask Kam for help . Thanks .
that is correct .
Per our conversation . Jim
Shannon , thank's for the reply . I'm currently out of the state . I return Monday night and leave again on Friday for a couple of days . Perhaps we can touch base on Tuesday or Wednesay of next week and find a date that works for everyone . Jim
FYI
Weekly , and sometimes daily , I become a director of an new Enron company . Kate Cole of the Enron Corporate Secretary's office maintains the data base showing my directorships . In addition to my new Enron dirctorships , I have become a member of the Board of Trustees of the Southwestern Legal Foundation . Jim Derrick
Saudi , thanks , but I'll wait until you and I can play it together . All the best . Jim
FYI
Mel , thank you for lunch . It was great to see you and catch up . Here's thmemo I mentioned . All the best . Jim
I agree to the comments included in your fax to me of November 30 being used in the way and in the context therein set forth . Jim Derrick
FYI; please take any action you deem appropriate . Jim
Nancy , I have just returned to Houston from New York . I have not seen the fax you mentioned . Please call me or e-mail to me the information you need me to consider . Thank you . Jim
Randy , your proposal is fine by me . Jim
I did not . This is the first notice I have had of this matter . Jim
Congratulations on your new roles ! I look forward to congratulating you in person . All the best , Jim
Kelly , this is fine . Jim
FYI
Please respond to this next week . Thank you .
FYI
John , I think Stan would be fine . Please call Vince Buckley at Locke Liddell with the request to involve Stan . Jim
Tom , I'm struggling to keep from becoming a triple digit . All the best . Jim
John , in light of the support that she has from you , Randy , and Rob , I am ok with your proposal . Jim
Tom , the memo is fine , but before sending it we need to get confirmation from John Beckworth or Mike Perrin that Senator Bentsen will be able to attend the dinner at which the award will be given . I left messages for John and Mike last Friday . Jim
Sharon , if you have time to do so , I suggest you attend . Jim
FYI
Steve , I was delighted to receive the news of your being admitted to the Partnership . Congratulations ! I'm very proud of you . All the best . Jim
Jeff , April 23rd is fine . JIm
Jeff , April 23rd is fine . Jim
I would be happy to meet with him .
FYI
Tozzineiis fine by me .
Marcus , I am ok with your proposed counsel selection . All the best . JIm
Linda , I may not be able to participate in the December 14th conference call . I do believe it is important that Robert Eickenroht participate along with Jack Urquhart . Jim
Al , thanks for the update . All the best . Jim FYI
Ray , Joe Dilg has informed me of your very kind offer of assistance with regard to my son's ( James V . Derrick III ) interest in applying to the SMU School of Law; I am most grateful . SMU is his first choice . We are currently working on his application and hope to get it to the school within the next ten days . He graduated from the University of Mississippi and is currently enrolled in a university in Madrid , Spain studying Spanish . I will send you a copy of his application as soon as it is completed . All the best . Jim
Marc , I know of no relationship with this firm , but I will canvas the GCs and inform you of any relationship we discover . Jim
Please let Marc Manly know of any relationship your group has with the firm mentioned below . Thank you . JIm
Jeff , I have an Enron Board of Directors Meeting that may extend until approximately 1:30 p.m. , and I have another meeting that begins at 3 p.m . We could meet in my office from 2 to 3 on that date . If an hour is not sufficient , we would need to select another date . All the best . Jim
FYI
Please note for calendar . Thank you .
Nancy , I believe the question was asked by David Beck . All the best . Jim
John , you have my approval . Jim
Nancy , I suggest we take the Four Seasons option . Jim
Randy , your suggestion looks fine to me . Jim FYI
Please print the attachments . Is this on the calendar ? Thank you .
Mont , thanks for the status report . I will stand by . JIm
Tom , the memo looks fine . Please proceed . Thank you . Jim
The very first time that I laid eyes on Steve Susman ,  he was clad only in his underwear . Moreover , he was shouting and angrily brandishing his fist at me ! The Northern Lights may have seen stranger sights , but I assure you I have not . In 1968 or 1969 ( you will understand that I have repressed the actual date) , I journeyed to Fort Worth , Texas as a representative of the Texas Law Review to attend some State Bar of Texas committee meeting , one being held , I think , in conjunction with an annual meeting of the Bar . The Law Review had reserved a few rooms at one of the downtown hotels . I arrived late at night , dutifully registered at the hotel's desk , received my room key , took the elevator to the designated floor , walked to my room , inserted the room key , and opened the door . The darkness that shrouded the room was suddenly pierced by a flare of light that revealed to my astonished eyes a bear of a man , almost naked , leaping out of the bed toward me , shaking a very large fist in the vicinity of my face , and demanding to know why I had violated the sanctity of his room ! It will surprise none who know Steve to learn that although he was adamantly insisting on an explanation , he refused to be quiet long enough for me to offer him one . Knowing even at my then tender young age a madman when I see one , I exited the scene of the controversy with as much speed as my terrified legs could muster and rushed back to the front desk with my tale of adventure and close escape from severe bodily injury . There may well have been some talk of calling hotel security or the Fort Worth Police , but in the end I settled for a new room , the door of which I bolted immediately . After a mostly sleepless night during which I anticipated the imminent reappearance of the madman , I arose , showered , dressed , and carefully made my way to the meeting room . During the course of the day , I spotted the madman across the ballroom engaged in conversation with another individual . Surreptitiously pointing him out to one of my friends , I asked if he knew him . The answer was no , but he did know who he was . "The name is Susman , my man , Steve Susman" . I immediately resolved that my path and that of "Susman , my man , Steve Susman" would never again cross . Truth is indeed stranger than fiction . How could I have possibly foreseen as I fled from the madman in that Forth Worth hotel room so many years ago that not only would my path again cross his but that I would one day serve as his lawyer , that he would serve as mine , and that I would count him as one of my closest friends ! I hereby officially forgive you , Steve , not only for stealing my Fort Worth hotel room but also for the injury you wished on me that night . Looking back on it , I wouldn't want it to have been any other way . I wish you the Happiest of Birthdays , Steve . Thanks for your friendship--I treasure it . All the best , Jim
Emily , it appears that a matter in Europe will prevent me from attending . I will contact you if the plans change . Thank you . Jim Derrick--Enron .
FYI
Mark , thank you for the message . Carrin and I returned safely; we very much enjoyed our dinner with the two of you and look forward to reciprocating in Houston . In response to your questions: ( 1 ) the GCs will meet in San Antonio beginning on the Wednesay morning of the conference . There will be no scheduled GC dinner the night before , but those GCs who are in San Antonio that night may get together for an informal one; ( 2 ) I enjoyed meeting Marcus; my only question relates to the amount of legal experience he has; as you know , we normally take individuals who have been practicing longer than he has practiced; if you are satisfied that he can do the job well , I will support your recommendation; and ( 3 ) I do not have any issues with either of the law firms you mentioned . All the best . Jim
FYI
FYI
Jeff , FYI . This is from Bill Urquhart , the lead litigation partner at the California law firm that is representing us in the Los Angeles litigation . Jim
Bill , I have just returned from almost two weeks in London and seen your message . Thank you for the feedback and for everything that you and your firm have done for us . I believe our respective organizations make a great team ! Please give my and Carrin's best to your wife: we have many fond memories of our time with the two of you and your other guests at the GRAMMY Awards . Also , I mentioned to Jonathon Sumption , Q.C . that we had the honor of being represented by you; he is another of your fans . All the best . Jim
Gentlemen , I have just returned from almost two weeks in London ( in connection with one of our mattters that was being heard by 5 of the Law Lords of the House of Lords ) and found your message . I will coordinate travel plans with Bobby . I am very honored to be included in this most memorable event . All the best . Jim
Dalton , I have just returned to the office from a business trip to London of almost two weeks and found your messsage . I think it would be very interesting to hear from Dr . Brenner . All the best . Jim
FYI
FYI
FYI
FYI
FYI
FYI
Please print the message below . Thank you .
Please let me know what Michelle finds out . Thank you .
Bob , congratulations on this matter and on the Baltimore matter . In light of your admirable batting average , we may need to reinsert you in the CATS Litigation ! All the best . Jim
FYI
Kate , I've just returned to Houston from a lengthy stay in London and found your message . I have no objection to including any information that is pertinent to the firms' conflcits checks . As to yoga , I do intend to try it as soon as my travel schedule permits . All the best . Jim
Please format and print the attachment . Thank you .
RW , I agree . JVD
Bill and Mary , unfortunately , it appears that Carrin and I will not be able to attend after all . An Enron Policy Committee ( essentially , our executive committee , of which I am a member ) meeting has been called for Monday , and I must attend it in person . The flights from LA to Houston on Sunday night depart too early to enable us to attend the LA event , and the earliest flight on Monday morning arrives in Houston too late for me to attend the Policy Committee meeting timely . We are extremely disappointed , as you may imagine . We are very appreciative of your kind invitation and look forward to seeing both of you soon . We will watch the event on television in the hope that we see you being interviewed . I know you will represent us well ! Let us know if your plans include a Houston trip--we would welcome the opportunity to entertain you . All the best . Jim
Please format and print the attachment . Thank you .
FYI
Please print the attachments . Thank you .
Jim , thanks for the message . Carrin and I look forward to seeing you there . Jim
Vanessa , I will attend . Jim
Bill , thank you . I should have mentioned in my earlier message that my travel agent did tell me about that flight , but I determined that it was not practicable to rely on it for two reasons: ( 1 ) if it were to be cancelled , I would have no way of getting back in time for the Monday meeting , and ( 2 ) if it were not cancelled , the most-of-the-night journey back would not leave me in the condition I need to be in to participate effectively in the meeting . I do very much appreciate your efforts . My best to you and Mary . Jim
Richard , I would like to meet with you re these claims and the others referred to in the message below to insure that we have all necessary information regarding them and have the appropriate legal counsel attending to them . Thank you . Jim
Kelly , I assume I am already on your list , but please let me know if you need any additional information from me . Jim
Marc , thanks for the message . I stipulate to having over-married--I'm very proud of that fact ! I'll pass the resume on to our Human Resources Group . All the best . Jim
FYI
FYI
FYI
FYI
Steph,I will attend this .
FYI
Marc , I have left a voice mail message for Ken regarding this and have asked him to call either me or you if he needs any additional information . I look forward to seeing you at the conference . All the best . Jim
Sharon , per my voice mail to you . Jim
Sharon , per my voice mail to you . Jim
FYI
Please print the attachment . Thank you .
Yes . The attendees are Mark Haedicke , Jordan Mintz , Kristina Mordaunt , Rex Rogers , Richard Sanders , Rob Walls , Bob Williams , and me . Let's discuss the proposed dates in May before you take any action . Thank you .
Gary , I have been out of the office and have just seen your message . I will be pleased to forward it to Cindy Olson , the head of our Human Resources Group . Good luck to Pete; if he wants to visit about Enron some time , have him call me . All the best . Jim
Steph , I will not be able to attend this meeting . Thank you .
Steph , I will not be able to attend this meeting . Thank you .
Congratulations , Bob and Michelle ! Jim
FYI
Adam , I hope this doesn't mean that you are planning to stop attending our Legal Conferences ! Congratulations ! All the best . Jim
FYI
FYI
OK .
Pat , as we know , February can be a very difficult month from the standpoint of weather , which affects not only travel to and from the event but also any outside activities during the event . Do we have any flexibility with respect to the month in which the institute is held ? If it is to be held in February , I would opt to try Houston , New Orleans , or Santa Fe . I suggest that , if possible , we avoid scheduling the conference on Valentines Day or any holiday . All the best . Jim Derrick
FYI
Ann , I have left you a voice mail re your question . Jim
RW , I have suggested to Ann that Bob Williams might be a good candidate to oversee this program . Do you agree ? Jim
Scott , thank you for forwarding the report to me . All the best . Jim
FYI
David , I have not heard from Tom Green; I will place another call to him . Jim
Please print the attachments . Thank you .
Perhaps we could discuss this following the GC meeting tomorrow . Jim
Vicki , let's discusss this today; I will get Mark's thoughts tomorrow .
Jimbo , please see the attachment . Please call me to discuss it . When it is in final form , it needs to be sent to crogers@mail.smu.edu Love , Dad
FYI
Mary Nell , no one could have worked harder or better than you in the effort to bring about a just decision in this matter . Thank you for your tireless efforts--I am proud to serve on the Enron team with you . All the best . Jim
Kelly , there are no changes . Thank you . Jim
FYI . Jim
Dear Dean Rogers: I would very much appreciate your forwarding the attachment to the appropriate individuals at the Law School . I am most grateful for your assistance . Sincerely yours ,
Please print the attachment . Thank you .
FYI
Please let me have your comments . Thank you .
Rich , I am forwarding a message from Jim Rylander and his son , Reagan . Reagan , who has an MBA from Duke , is looking for a position in the San Franciso area . If you become aware of any opportunites , I would appreciate your letting Jim or Reagan know . Thank you . Jim
Jim , thank you for the message . I have forwarded it to Rich Dimichele of Enron Broadband and will continue to keep Reagan in mind for any opportunities in the San Francisco area of which I become aware . All the best . Jim
Please print the attachment . Thank you .
I have given my comments to Kristina Mordaunt . Jim Derrick
Please print the message and the attachment . Thank you .
FYI
Jeff , I want to change the bio in certain respects . Please do not print it until I submit the proposed changes . Thank you .
Mont , I regret that I will not be able to attend . Jim
FYI
Jimbo , thank you for the message . I , too , have great , ever-lasting memories of our times together in Spain and Scottsdale . I am confident that there will be many more to come . Please let me know how much longer you will be in Spain so that I can attempt to visit you again . You have wonderful skills and integrity and a very big and caring heart , and you will do extremely well in whatever career life offers you . I am proud to be your father . Love , Dad
FYI
I agree . I assume you will re-type the transmittal language , attach the attachment , and transmit it to Dean Rogers .
I think you would be a great candidate .
FYI
Please print the messages below . Thank you .
Paul , pursuant to Jimi's request , I am forwarding this attachment to you . We are both very grateful for and appreciative of your assistance . All the best . Jim
Bruce , I am supportive of the team's engaging Justice Bhagwati . Jim
Steph , am I available on the 17th ?
Steph , please print the attachment . Thank you .
Please print the attachment . Thank you .
Steph , please print the attachment . Thank you .
I believe the committee has earned the right by its work to select the name . Jim
I have left him a voice mail message .
I suggest you tell him to drop by around 2:15 for a 15 or 20 minute meeting .
Dear David and Dan: I want to thank you for making the effort to come to Houston last month and for your kind follow-up letters . I enjoyed the opportunity to meet you , and I also enjoyed our discussion . Don't forget my offer to treat you to a game at Enron Field . All the best . Jim
Please print the attachment . Thank you .
Please print the attachment . Thank you .
Steph , please format the attachment and print it on my personal letterhead . Thank you .
Michelle , Great News ! Congratulations to the team . Jim
FYI
FYI
Bill , I am very grateful for everything you and your firm are doing to assist our cause . Good luck in the appeal . All the best . Jim
FYI
FYI
FYI
FYI
FYI
Mark , query whether Bill Urquhart of Quinn Emanuel should be included . Jim
FYI
FYI
FYI
FYI
When his telephone was stolen , JVD III lost Katherine Frels' Madrid telephone number . If you have it , he would appreciate your e-mailing it to him . Thanks !
Thanks ! You too .
FYI
Mark was going to discuss the matter with Peter and then get with me . To my knowledge , no decision has yet been made . Jim
Is this meant to cover invoices from outside counsel ? If it is , please discuss the proposal with Rob Walls . Thank you . Jim
I agree .
Please print the attachment . Thank you .
FYI
I am currently available the week of June 4 . With respect to Corporate Legal , and subject to your thoughts , I suggest we meet with Rex Rogers and Chuck Cheek . Jim
I am fine with your proposed selection of counsel . Jim
Thank you for the reply . We have no further comments . Jim
Sheila , Stephanie has reminded me of an event that conflicts with June 7 & 8 . However , June 4 or June 5 would seem to work . Jim
Sandra , thank you . All the best . Jim
Sandra , I am experiencing difficulty in opening the attachment . Could you please fax the information to me at 713-853-3920 ? Thank you . Jim
Thank you , Steph .
Sheila , you may not have received my second message to you in which I mentioned that Stephanie had reminded me of a conflict with the proposed meeting dates of June 7 and 8 . In that message , I suggested we meet on Monday , June 4 or Tuesday , June 5 . Thank you . Jim
Please print the attachments . Thank you .
Steph , I will not be able to attend . I will need to be at the ADL event early to prepare for the reception that commences at 11:30 . Thank you .
I currently estimate that 11 individuals from Carrin's and my family will attend . Jim
I have no proposed revisions . Jim Derrick
If you have not already done so , please review the attachment on behalf of all the business enterprises(domestic and international ) in your respective groups and and reply to Mark Holsworth by Friday , June 27 . Thank you . Jim
Thank you for letting me know . Jim
Jeff , please see the attachment . I may , of course , alter it a bit over the weekend . Jim
FYI
FYI
Scotty , it's an honor to count you as one of my closest friends . Thank you for your support . All the best . Jim
Kriste , thank you for your message and your support . All the best . Jim
Tracy , as Stephanie mentioned in her e-mail to you , all of next Tuesday morning through early afternoon is consumed by the Enron Board of Directors meeting and by the Annual Shareholders meeting . Following my duties in connection with those meetings , I will be departing for San Antonio . Perhaps Mark and I could talk by telephone this week or visit in San Antonio next week . Thank you . Jim Derrick
Jimbo , Carrin and I were named the co-recipients of the Anti-Defamation Leagues' Karen Susman Jurisprudence Award , which was presented to us today in the Grand Ballroom at the Hyatt Regency . Jo Jo , Jan , Bob , Holly , Tanner , Vicki , Laura , Bud , and Carrin's Mother and Father were in attendance , as well as several hundred others , including many of the judges . I thought you might be interested in the text of my response . Love , Dad
We have addressed this issue in respect of some Enron entities . Robert D . Eickenroht is the Enron attorney with the most recent experience in these matters . His telephone number is 713-853-3155 . All the best . Jim Derrick
Thank you , and congratulations! . Jim
Gail , thank you for your fine work on this , and congratulations on the great result ! Jim
Cyndy , I am in receipt of Bill Ide's letter inviting me to the May 16 meeting at the Willard Hotel in Washington , D.C . Because the May 16 neeting conflicts directly with an obligation to which I am committed , I will not be able to attend . Please keep me in mind for future events . Thank you . Jim Derrick ( ENRON) .
Please see the message below . I would appreciate your responding to Mark no later than this Friday . Please copy me on your response . Thank you . Jim
Please print this . Thank you .
The proposed location of the 2002 Institute is fine by me . The suggested date of the mid-year meeting is shown as Friday , August 28 . I believe that August 28 falls on Tuesday . Jim
Jordan , thanks . Jim
Eric , thank you . Jim
I plan to attend the August 28 meeting . Jim Derrick
Bill , thank you for your support of the ADL event , and congratulations on the succesful completion of your MS ride ! All the best . Jim
Dave , my handicap is 14 . I'm happy to be in whatever foursome you want to put me in . JIm
FYI
Gail , I will support your recommendation . Jim
RW , please respond to the message below . Thank you . Jim
Kelly , I am fine with your proposed retention of Mr . Graykowski . All the best . Jim
Please see the proposed agenda for our meeting in San Antonio next Wednesday . I look forward to seeing you there . All the best . Jim
Mark , I believe 30 minutes is about right , but you can have more time if you need it . I assume powerpoint facilities will be available , but by copy of this message to Elizabeth Labanowski , I am requesting her to confirm that my assumption is correct . Jim
Frank , Elaine has all of the information you have requested . Jim
John , we used Shearman & Sterling in connection with our dispute with Peru in respect of the nationalization of our offshore oil and gas properties . We haven't done too much with them since then . Jim
Rob Walls and Bob Williams coordinate these matters for us .
If you know of such a person , please respond to Monsanto . Thank you . Jim
I am fine with your recommendation . Jim
Lisa , please notify Drew Fossum , Jordan Mintz , Kristina Mordaunt , Eric Newell , Rex Rogers , Vicki Sharp , and Rob Walls of the existence of this obligation . Thank you . Jim
Peter , your proposed counsel picks are fine by me . Jim
FYI
FYI
For your file . Jim
I am ok with your proposal . Jim
Bob , I have no information regarding these individuals . Jim
Walt , the East Lake proposal sounds great IF it fits into your schedule . I plan to return to Houston either Wednesday morning or Wednesday afternoon , depending on whether we do or do not play East Lake . Please do not reschedule any meetings you have just to enable us to play Wednesday morning-- Austusta will certainly have been excitement enough . I am leaving Houston tomorrow morning and will not be able to check e-mail after this afternoon , so if you need to reach me drop me a voice mail at 713-853-5550 . All the best . Jim
Walt , Bobby and I have talked and agreed to save East Lake for another time . I will return to Houston Wednesday morning . I look forward to seeing you . Jim
Please print the attachments . Thank you .
Please print the attachments . Thank you .
FYI
Please print the attachments per the instructions below and give them to me for signature . Thank you .
I will be pleased to meet with Kersten and his partners . I would appreciate your coordinating schedules with him . Thank you .
RW: For your information and handling . Thank you . JVD
RW: For your information and handling . Thank you . JVD
Thank you for the invitation . Unfortunately , I will not be in Houston on Friday night and thus will not be able to attend . Jim Derrick
John , unfortunately Carrin and I will be in Austin on that date in connection with UT Law School business . I hope you and Debbie will give us a rain check . All the best . Jim
Please print the attachment . Thank you .
Chuck , the binder has been under review , but the policies you refer to are still in force . Jim
FYI
FYI
Please print the attachment . Thank you .
Sharon , I would like to have lunch with you and these two gentlemen in May or early June . Please coordindate schedules with Stephanie Harris . Thank you . Jim
test
Thank you for the invitation to the June 14 reception . Unfortunately , I will not be in London on that day and thus will be unable to attend . Jim Derrick of Enron in Houston , Texas USA
Steph , please send them the one we recently furnished to the ADL . Thank yo|
Please print the attachment . Thank you .
Is this on the calendar ?
Kristina , please see the messages below and let me have your thoughts re either Michelle or David serving as the Chair or both serving as Co-Chairs . Thank you . Jim
Please let me know how you would like me to respond .
Having now checked my calendar , I find that the legal PRC meeting is scheduled for June 5 . It is unlikely that I will be able to attend the lunch .
Please respond to Steve re the status of this matter . Thank you . Jim
Steve , I have asked Rob Walls and Bruce Lundstrom to contact you re the status of this matter . Jim
Misha , Carrin would be delighted to sit at the Enron table . Unfortunately for me , because the lunch conflicts with the Legal PRC meeting , I will not be able to attend . Thank you for iniviting us . Jim
FYI
Yes to both questions .
Please print the attachments . Jim
Scotty , many thanks . All the best . Jim
Thank you for the message . Please note for your records , however , that neither I nor Enron has accepted the eLawForum User Agreement and that we have not authorized any individual or entity to accept it on our behalf . Jim Derrick
FYI
Joannie , I'm hosting a lunch on that date for Milbank , Tweed attorneys and thus cannot be at the Hyatt . Thanks for the invitation . Jim
FYI
Please print the attachment . Thank you .
Please print the attachment . Thank you .
FYI
FYI
Thank you , David . Jim
Please print the attachment . Thank you .
Please print the attachment . Thank you .
Please print the attachment . Thank you .
Please print the attachment . Thank you .
FYI
FYI
FYI
Please print the attachment . Thank you .
FYI
I have no objection .
Tom , the quotation is fine . With respect to the Law Firm information , I would like to have the names of the individuals at Andrews & Kurth , Bracewell & Patterson , Gibbs & Bruns , King & Spalding , Locke Liddell , and Vinson & Elins who have not yet contributed . Thank you . Jim
FYI
FYI
Please print the attachment . Thank you .
Has this document been picked up ?
Please print the attachment . Thank you .
Judy , I have received the resume . Thank you . Jim Derrick
Marc , I met this morning with an acquaintance , Eric Johnson , with respect to a product that he thought might be of interest to Enron . In our discussion it became apparent that his product is not an obvious fit with Enron , and he asked about the possibility of discussing the product with the New Power Company . I gave him your name and number with the thought that you might direct him to the appropriate individual on the business side . Jim
Michelle , thanks ! Jim
FYI
Please see the message below . I would appreciate your responding directly to John Keffer . Subject to the usual caveat regarding arbitration and litigation , I have no objection to John's undertaking the representation , but the two of you are better positioned than I to know whether this would be a problem . Thank you . Jim
John , I have asked Mark Haedicke and John Novak to respond to your question . Jim
FYI
FYI
FYI
FYI
DeMetris , thank you for the message . I will look for the materials tomorrow . It was good seeing you in Austin . All the best . Jim
Please see the message below . Please let me have the materials when they arrive . Thank you .
FYI
I approve the motion . Jim Derrick
FYI
Roger , I've left a message for Chuck . Jim
FYI should you get any media questions re this matter .
FYI
FYI
FYI
Peter , thank you for the message . Thanks to your good work , it appears that matters are in order . All the best . Jim
Rex , I will ask him to include you on the list . Jim
Rob , thank you for the information . Jim
Andy , I would appreciate your including Rex Rogers on the distribution list for the Litigation Report . Thank you . Jim
Jim , thanks for the update . Have a safe and good trip . All the best . Jim
FYI
FYI
FYI
FYI
Sara and Charles , because of the press of business , I will not be able to attend the Silverado meeting . All the best . Jim Derrick
Drew , Rob and I both would like for you to continue attending the staff meetings . Jim
Charles , I am saddened to learn that Linklaters' policy requires that your term as senior partner must soon come to an end . I trust , however , that you will continue to be active at Linklaters , and I look forward to continuing our working relationship and friendship . With respect to the proposed visit by Anthony Cann on Monday , I regret that I will be on the east coast on that day . I do look forward to meeting him , either in Houston or on one of my trips to London . All the best to you and Linklaters . Jim
Karen , I have no proposed changes . Jim
Nancy and Tom , I received notice today that a company of which I am a director has scheduled a special board meeting for this Friday afternoon on the east coast . I will be unable , therefore , to be in Austin for the Executive Committee Meeting . Please convey my regrets and best wishes to those who attend . All the best . Jim
Nancy , I attempted earlier to send you the message below , without success . Hopefully , this one will get through . Jim
Per my voice mail to you . Jim
Per my voice mail to you . Jim
Please review the attachment and let me have your thoughts . Thank you . Jim
Mark , I've left you a voice mail regarding this matter . Jim
FYI
Dear Jose , thank you very much for your kind message . I enjoyed our visit in Houston and look forward to our next meeting , whether in Houston or Venezuela . All the best . Jim Derrick
FYI
Tom , congratulations on your decision ! I wish you the very best in this exciting new phase of your life , and I intend to take you up on lunches , dinners , and tee times . You have my number , so let me hear from you . Jim
Joel , thank you for the feedback . All the best . Jim Jim Derrick
RW , please respond as you deem appropriate . Thank you . Jim Jim Derrick
FYI Jim Derrick
RW , fyi . Jim Jim Derrick
Yes . Jim Derrick
Tom , thanks for the message . Perhaps we could get together late next week or during the following week . All the best . Jim Jim Derrick
Jim Derrick
S , apparently my message to Tom Bres did not go through . Please forward your copy to him . Thank you . Jim Derrick
RW , which London QC would represent us ? JVD Jim Derrick
S , please tell Molly I am fine with her proposed selection of B and B . Thank you . Jim Derrick
S , please notify Bob Baird that I have approved Molly's request . Thank you . Jim Derrick
FYI Jim Derrick
Dave , thank you for your message . I'm transmitting this from an airport via my Blackberry . Let's have lunch and catch up . All the best . Jim Jim Derrick
RW , what do you suggest ? Jim Derrick
Heath , I'm on the road and communicating via Blackberry . I will be the office tomorrow . Give me a call . All the best . Jim Jim Derrick
Rex , is this something your group would like to do ? Jim Jim Derrick
FYI
FYI
Mona , I am ok with your continuing to work with Steve Bowen . Jim
Carolyn , I am hereby confirming receipt of my WorldCom card . Jim Derrick
I will attend the Monday evening meeting and the Tuesday meeting . Jim Derrick
I have replied to this , indicating I will attend both Monday night and Tuesday morning .
Bob , I am ok with your suggeston . Jim Derrick
FYI Jim Derrick
FYI re technology committee . Jim Derrick
FYI
Michael , I am currently scheduled to be in Washington , D.C . on Wednesday and Thursday , returning to Houston Thursday night . If my schedule changes so that I can be at your event , I certainly shall . I admire the way in which you are running your campaign . All the best . Jim
Paula , thank you for the update . I have seen the V&E portion and am pleased with it . I will see you tomorrow morning . Jim
Thank you for the message . I am currently scheduled to be in meetings on the East Coast on October 11 and thus will not be able to attend the Houston meeting . Jim Derrick
Mark , I will support yours and Bruce's decision . Jim
Andy Edison has notified me that Jones , Day is representing a party in a litigation matter adverse to Enron . Please notify me if you are aware of any work that Jones , Day is performing for any Enron entity or for any lender or underwriter on an Enron matter . Thank you . Jim
FYI
Joel , I am ok with this . Jim
FYI Jim Derrick
This message was sent automatically by Microsoft Outlook to inform you that you have been designated as a delegate . You can now send messages on my behalf . You have been given the following permissions on my folders: Calendar: Editor ( can read , create , and modify items ) Tasks: Editor ( can read , create , and modify items ) Inbox: Editor ( can read , create , and modify items ) Contacts: Editor ( can read , create , and modify items ) Notes: Editor ( can read , create , and modify items ) Journal: Editor ( can read , create , and modify items ) To open folders for which you have permissions , point to Open on the File menu , and then click Other User's Folder . You must be running Microsoft Outlook to do this . You will also be receiving copies of meeting requests sent to me and will be able to respond to them on my behalf .
FYI Jim Derrick
FYI Jim Derrick
FYI
FYI
FYI
FYI
FYI
FYI
FYI
Please call Beal's and tell them I Will be at Inwood Manor Around 1:15 . Also , please find Out when the next Cont flt After Mine leaves , in case I miss mine . Jim Derrick
Looks like I won't be out for another 15 minutes or so . Jim Derrick
Dave , I am out of town . I will ask Stephanie to contact your assistant to arrange a time for lunch . All the best . Jim Derrick
Steph , please arrange a time with Bill Donovan for us to tour our floor in the new building and look at our proposed location . Thank you . Jim Derrick
FYI Jim Derrick
FYI Jim Derrick
Bob , I'm in D.C . I'm happy you could use the tickets , but I regret that you didn't get the Astros into the Win column . That may affect your ability to return . All the best . Jim Derrick
Mark , I have talked to Marcus Wood . All the best . Jim Derrick
Mark , I have talked to Marcus Wood . All the best . Jim Jim Derrick
Steph , I have tried unsuccessfully to send an e-mail to Mark Dodson telling him that I have talked to Marcus Wood . Would you attempt to forward this message to him ? Thank you . Jim Derrick
RW , are you ok with this ? Jim Derrick
RW , good idea . I'll ask him . Jim Derrick
Eric , thanks for the message . Is Rob Walls in the loop on the proposed hire ? All the best . Jim Derrick
RW , FYI . Jim Derrick
Les , thanks for the message , and congratulations ! I hope the fishing is good and that you get some rest . All the best . Jim
FYI for the calendar .
David , I received only the first part of your message re the ITA workshop . Jim Derrick
Please format and print the attachment on my small Enron letterhead . Thank you .
Please format the attachment and print it on my small Enron letterhead . Thank you .
Sally , I know Jim Prentiss and R.A . ( "Pete" ) Seale . Please send me a draft of the letter of support you would like me to send to them . Jim
David , as of now , it appears that I will not be in Houston on Friday . I wil let you know if my plans change . All the best . Jim
Ken , Mark , and Greg: a thoughtful piece regarding Dabhol by The Hindu . Jim
Collen , congratulations on your new role ! All the best . Jim
FYI
Please format and print the attachment . Thank you .
Please format and print the attachment . Thank you .
FYI
FYI
Please format and print the attachment . The addresses for the addressees can be obtained from Sally Tyler of the SPA at 713-227-3384 . Thank you .
Mark , my question has been answered , so you can disregard my previous e-mail request to you for information . Jim
FYI re my voice mail to you . Jim
FYI
Mark , S&S is a quality firm , but in my experience it tends to be very expensive ( as are most of the New York firms) . I do not know whether it has offices in Washington State or Kentucky . We have not in recent years used S&S to a significant degree . What other firms have you considered ? Jim
I would appreciate your looking into this issue . Thank you . Jim
Dear Mr . Pincus: Thank you for your message and for sending your resume to me . I have forwarded your information to Mr . Mark Haedicke , General Counsel of our Wholesale Group , and to Ms . Vicki Sharp , General Counsel of our Retail Group , for consideration in connection with any opportunities that may exist or come up . Please give my best to Les . Sincerely , Jim Derrick
FYI
FYI
FYI Jim Derrick
Yes Jim Derrick
FYI Jim Derrick
FYI Jim Derrick
John , thank you for the message . Let's try to reschedule lunch . Jim
Please see the attachment .
Mark , thank you for your voice mail . I will support your and Rob Wall's decision . All the best . Jim
please print the attachments . Thank you .
If our attorneys have approved this , you have my consent . Jim Derrick
Please print the attachment . Thank you .
Should we participate ? If so , who would write it ?
Bob , I forwarded this to Chuck Cheek , Bob Williams , and Richard Sanders with the question of whether we should participate and if so who would write the brief . Chuck is out until Tuesday , so I a also forwarding the message to you . Jim
Bob , please proceed with your choice . Jim Jim Derrick
I'm ok if Rob is . Jim
FYI
Please print the attachment . Thank you .
RW , your call . Jim
Dear Professor Hu , thank you for your message . Your participation by telephone , for whatever portion of your afternoon might be free , would be very welcome . I currently plan to be in Austin for the UT Law School Foundation Board meeting and related matters on November 9 and 10 . Perhaps our paths will cross there . All the best . Jim Derrick
Based on the facts set forth below , I agree . Jim Derrick
I understand from Janet Place that this is not a Northern Border project but rather a North America project and that she is leaving you a voice mail regarding this . I assume that either you or Andy Edison will follow up . Thank you . JIm
Tracy , thank you for the message . We are not having the conference call tomorrow . Jim Derrick
RW , I assume you will look into this . Thank you .
FYI
My heartfelt thanks to every member of the team . All the best . Jim
I have notified the Southwestern Legal Foundation that I will not be able to attend the November 2 meeting .
I am not yet certain about the Austin trip .
I am in he elevator . Jim Derrick
Janet , ok by me . Jim Jim Derrick
Heath , continue to use Mark Haedicke's group for now . Jim Jim Derrick
Thanks , Misha , but we will not be able to attend . Jim
FYI
FYI
Dave , the memo looks fine to me . Please send it . Thank you . Jim
Please handle . Thank you . Jim
Please handle . Thank you . Jim
Please handle . Thank you . Jim
Please handle . Thank you . Jim
Please handle . Thank you . Jim
Please handle . Thank you . Jim
Please handle . Thank you . Jim
Dave , the memo looks fine . Please send it to the members . Thank you . Jim
Dave , thank you for the suggestion . I will ask V&E to draft a memo . All the best . Jim
Jim Derrick
FYI
Paula , I have forwarded your message to Rex Rogers . Please work with him on the responses . Thank you . Jim
Please see the message below . Thank you .
Bob , please respond to Bill . Thank you . Jim
David , I have left you a voice mail re this . Jim
Thank you for the invitation , but I will not be able to attend . Jim Derrick
Jim , Bob Williams ( full name: Robert C . Williams) , ext . 52402 , will be the Enron litigation coordinator for these matters .
I will support your and Chris's decision . Jim
FYI
Please contact Bob Williams , ext 52402 re this; he is the litigation manager for these matters . JIm
FYI
FYI
Rex , please proceed with the meetings . Thank you . Jim
FYI
FYI
Please format and print the attachment on my personal letterhead . Thank you .
Please reply that I will not be able to attend . Jim Derrick
Please proceed . Jim Derrick
FYI; please share this info with the W&C team . Thank you .
FYI
FYI
FYI
Paula , please see the attachment . Thank you . Jim
Rex , please provide to WC&P .
Les , thanks for the thoughts ! I look forward to seeing you one day . All the best . Jim
Paula , thank you for the update . I assume you will coordinate with Joe Dilg re the D&O report that V&E will give at the meeting . Thank you . Jim
FYI
FYI
I have talked to him . Jim Derrick
Mark , would you please furnish me the name of the William , Cutler attorney that you are dealing with ? Thank you . Jim
Robert , please advise Vance re this . Thank you . Jim
I also believe this was sent to me in error .
I have instructed David Oxley by voice mail that this matter is not to proceed until legal and tax have approved it . He has responded , in a voice mail that I have forwarded to Sharon Butcher , that he will not proceed until approval is given . I assume you and Sharon will take it from here . Jim
Gail , your proposal is fine by me . Jim Jim Derrick
Mark , which attorney is handling this matter ? Jim
Please see the proposed response to the letter that Ken received . Jim
Jano , thank you so much ! I love you , too , now and always . All my best to Bob , Corby , Holly , and Tanner .
John , I truly appreciate your message and your support . All the best . Jim
I will attend . Jim Jim Derrick
Please proceed with Jonathan Gaisman . Jim
Rob , thank you very much for your message . We may well have need to call on your able assistance . All the best . Jim
Steve , thank you for the message . I have forwarded a copy of your resume to Bob Williams , the Enron litigation manager who is coordinating the effort . All the best . Jim
Bob , FYI . This is the individual you had expressed an interest in meeting . Jim
Paula , your group is still welcome to attend , but since you have already met with them , their attendance is certainly not required . Jim Jim Derrick
FYI . Jim Derrick
Chris , thank you for your message; it means so much to me and to Carrin . All the best . Jim
FYI
FYI
Jim Derrick
RW , please call me re this . Thank you . Jim
FYI Jim Derrick
Jim Derrick
Jim Derrick
Jim Derrick
Jim Derrick
Toby , thank you for the message . I look forward to seeing you when things settle down a bit . My best to you and the SPA . Jim
Mark , I am forwarding this message and several more related to it . I would appreciate your sending them to the attorney who is working on this and asking him or her to advise me re the requested vote . Thank you . Jim ,
FYI
Mark , please forward this to the attorney who is working on these matters . Thank you . Jim
Jeff , Rex Rogers should work on this . Jim
Please proceed . Thank you .
FYI Jim Derrick
Mark , thank you for the information . Jim
FYI
FYI Jim Derrick
Charles , I am in support . All the best . Jim
Please let me know if I have a conflict with any of these dates . Thank you .
I have told David Winn that January 23 seems to work best . Please note that date on the calendar . Thank you .
Tom , thank you very much for your message . Please proceed with your work with Carrin . All the best . Jim
Les , thank you , as always , for your support and friendship . I hope your Thanksgiving is a great one . All the best . Jim
I support your suggestiion .
Mark , I would appreciate your forwarding this to the appropriate attorney in London with the request that these questions be answered . Thank you . All the best . Jim
Bob , please advise Rosalee Fleming with respect to this issue . Thank you . Jim
Mark , please forward this to the appropriate attorney with the request that he or she advise me regarding the requested action set forth below . Thank you . Jim
Mark , please forward this message to the attorney who is working on this matter with the reqeust that he or she adivse me with respect to the matters set fort below . Thank you . Jim
Lauren , on November 23 I forwarded your questions to Mark Evans with the request that he ask the appropriate attorney to contact you with respect to them . Jim
Jim Derrick
Jim Derrick
Based on the response below and and the other responses to Ed Cattigan's message , and assuming this has been approved by the attorney , I agree with the proposal . Jim
Mark , please forward this to the appropriate attorney and ask him or her to review this and advise me re the request below . Thank you . Jim
I have no objection , assuming John approves it . Jim
Lisa , I would appreciate your asking the appropriate attorney to focus on this . Thank you . Jim
Lisa , please see the message below from Gardere . Thank you . Jim
Jez: email is fine . If you prefer to use the fax , the number is 713-853-3920 . Jim
Rich , I very much appreciate your message--thank you . All the best . Jim
Mark and Lisa , please see the request below from Wilmer , Cutler re an invoice in connection with a Supreme Court argument . Jim
Hardie , I do not believe that Paula's statement is accurate . Please do not take any action on this matter until we are notified by the Special Committee of their decision . Jim
David , I have signed the waiver of notice; it is being faxed to you . All the best . Jim
Joe and Rex , this invoice is with Lisa Mellencamp . She is endeavoring to get it paid . Jim
David , I will be faxing this to you in a few minutes . Jim
David , I have a confirmation that my fax has been received by your machine . Jim
Jim , I very much appreciate your message--thank you . I hope all is well with you and yours . All the best . Jim
Bob , please follow up . Thank you .
Bob , this is a duplicate of the message I forwarded to you last night . Jim
Bob , in my reply to Joe Hillings last night , I told him you would be following up with him . This is his reply to that message . Jim
I will attend in person . Jim
I wll attend in person . Jim
Mary Nell , I would appreciate your following up on this . Thank you . Jim
Please contact him at the number shown below .
Please see the message below from Mary Nell . I do believe that it is very important to keep this team working on the project . Thank you for your consideration of the request .
Alan , per my voice mail to you . Thank you . Jim
Brad , further to our conversation of yesterday morning , please find attached Enron's payout table and alternative payout table regarding the permanent assignment of PGT capacity . The onus will be on Enron to deliver long dated capacity to Calpine and we will begin working on this immediately . Below is a summary of some of the key next steps . Please review and we can discuss on Monday the numbers and final steps as required . ENA and Calpine will formalise % discount , volume grid , lump sum $ amount or annuity amount . As discussed our cost of funds implied will be LIBOR + 200 basis points . (  to be confirmed )  . ENA will raise a precedent agreement with option language in favor of Calpine which allows you to request that the period 2 volume be no less than the period 1 volume and up to the total delivered volume of 67,500 based on the agreed to % discount as referenced in point #1 . ENA will forward the draft precedent agreement which will include the necessary conditions precedent required and with the general commercial terms as agreed per items above ( ETA - Tues/Wed) . ENA will provide a bid to Calpine on Monday afternoon with a number on the Spark Spread proposal . Contact name @ Trans Canada and ANG is Kay Coad Ph: 403-267-2480 . I trust the information as provided above is consistent with our previous discussions . Please contact me once you have had a chance to review . Regards , BT
For your information . please find attached the spreadsheet that I sent to Calpine for their consideration . Action: Peter is going to review the assignment doc's and with Steve raise the proper legal document that protects ECC/ENA's interests . At this time , Peter and I are of the opinion that a new agreement may be all we need but we will discuss on Monday . Julie/ Stephanie/Eric....we need to discuss the numbers again . The real producer unwind costs may be really ugly , which basically means that our numbers may be too low to Calpine. . even with the counter offer , the front end economics are pulling a lot of value out of the deal . Assuming numbers can be agreed too by everyone , we are positioning ourselves for a package out to the producers for early next week . Stephanie. . one of our customers has asked for California fundamentals.. . overview.. . do we have anything available . Talk to everyone on Monday . BT
Brock.. . what's going on ?  We need to hear back from you regarding work . I left you a message and Dawn has left you two ! ! ! Send me an e-mail as soon as you get this verifying your status. . I need to hear from you by monday . Please reply to my home email address at Tic@home.com . Thanks agains . BT
I hope this is the first e-mail you open on Monday when you get it . ! ! ! 1 . The closing date on my house is Nov . 30 ----- Are we ready for it ? 2 . I need a power of attorney as I will not be in Houston to transition . I will be in on the 2nd of Dec . 3 . I do not have a US bank accounts as of yet and am trying to get these set up now. . but I need to know how to get the money to you . 4 . Do you have all the final economics on costs , mortage amount , Taxes , Int . Rate , Monthly payments . 5 . You sent me a package which lists all of the closing costs. . Am I too assume you are paying those directly and getting reimbursed by ENA or do I need to pay them myself ? 6 . Have you secured mortage financing for me ?  MONDAY morning is very important for you and I go hammer out final details .
No problem.. . ! !! ! Perhaps another time .
Fran.. . I did not receive the visa package last week. . Hoping it comes in today's mail as I plan on entering US on Sat . Dec . 2 . BT
My Address is as follows: Barry Tycholiz C/O Enron Canada Corp . Calgary , Alberta BT
Fran... . Kerri Rigsby from Associates will be contacting you regarding the Bridge Loan . She needs a letter on file verifying that I will have these funds . We still need to decide where we are going to put this money . For right now , we should plan on me signing the promisary note by fax , and then have a cheque sent up to me in Canada so that I can consolidate with the rest of the funds required for closing . Thanks . BT
Did I send this to you already ? 
Did you hear anything from the Appraisal Co ? Insurance: The contact for my insurance is Stacey Spears @ Farmers Ins . 713-592-8800 . If you can hold off contacting him until tommorrow I will then decide if i am using them for sure . Thanks . BT
thank you . BT
Stephanie , I believe that I will have a spot on 32 for right now so assume I am ok . Where are you moving to on the 8th . BT
I have the putter at home. . I will throw in my trunk tommorrow.. . and we can meet at lunch if you would like . I will not leave town without getting this to you somehow . TIC
Mark , Stephanie further to our conversations please find a summary list which I will need some help on . As part of our business plan for 2001 Phillip and myself will make a presentation to Delainey et al regarding the West Initiatives . This is going to happen by Dec . 8 . As you guys know our group in total is going to be made up of a few key areas . Producer Services Transportation Origination/ Middle Marketing Trading Can you put together in draft form a business plan for next year that outlines some key items . Once we have a first pass at this , we can incorporate into the overall package and decide how this fits in with our new group . The key subject items should include: SM/MW/BT 1> Market Overview - supply demand fundamentals in your area . SM/MW/BT 2> Strategies and opportunities for 2001 (  What new initiatives will we implement ?  ) SM/MW/BT 3> New products and structures for your area SM/MW/BT 4> Issues in 2000 (  what didn't work ?  ) BT 5> Organization Issues / people /transition etc . If you could start thinking about these in greater detail , we can then go through and incorporate into the west orig . objectives . Call me to discuss , but we should start to discuss detail early next week . BT Thanks , BT
You are correct that the PRC is in Houston... . Is there a flight later than that. ?
Sorry I could not pick you up... . Any format that works for you.. . This will end up in a power point slide presentation so I have been told . thanks , BT
I am almost out of days , but on Dec . 8 (  friday ) they are throwing a small party ? ? ? for me at the Garage from 3-6 pm that I would love for you guys to come to...I hope that would work for you . TIC
We will have to use that one as a back up plan... .
Fran.. . I have received the L1 visa package and will use documents to Enter the US on Friday morning . I have also received the bridge loan documents and have signed these forms and sent them back to as of right now via inter office mail.... . you should have by tommorrow (  Weds) . Can you please sign as required . I think that is about it other than I need to make arrangements for a cheque to be in my hands for friday morning . At this time , I still do not know where to have this sent . Thanks . BT
Fran and Tricia.. . this note is to confirm that I will be an employee of ENA effective Dec . 1/ 00 . Fran , are you looking after payroll issues or is it going to be Jeannie Sloan Thanks . BT
Are we in on this conference call and do you know how long it is going for .
Can you play hockey tommorrow night at 5 ish.. . we have the saddledome .
Kay and Lisa are supposed to buy me a drink after work today.. . is there a chance you guys can come out for one or two . BT
I am going to skate around like Perry Turnbull..... . I should be good for a hat trick... . I will put your putter in the trunk... . BT
David Redmond is on this list.. . he should not be . BT
Can you print out these resumes for me .
Mark , Good Morning . Any updates on Crestone structure (  re-price of deal) , also , Paul discussed the Northern Border deal with potentially the producers underpinning.. . pls keep me posted on status . BT
Can you pull off some of the information from these websites. . and pull together for a discussion regarding Williston Basin . I need , service territory info , storage field maps. . etc . Thanks . BT
Dave . is this the meeting time on monday ? BT
Jessica , did we place the order for the playoff tickets.. . BT
Todd , I am reviewing these files now and will get back to you early next week . Due to the problems this week , i was unable to meet with Robert Ayres and will make arrangements to do this next week . BT
Guys , has there been any arrangements made for a send off for Phil... . We need to get him a card and a wedding gift (  I assume you would agree) . I would also be more than happy to take the group out for lunch 11:30 - 1:00 if people are interested . Pls advise . BT
Yes ,
just drop by today. . BT
Don't we need to have our meeting first? . .  The four of us should still meet asap and agree on paper with PG&E and present this to them . BT
Jessica , are we scheduled to have our video conference today..Is the room available . BT
Todd , I have gone through all of these resumes and will not pursue a next step at this time . The latest candidate that appears to be on the most interest to me is Robert Ayres and I will have my secretary set up a meeting with him this week . Thanks , BT
Jessica , pls contact Robert Ayres @ 713-661-4551 and schedule him for a 1 hour meeting here at the office . His e-mail is rayres99@hotmail.com . Sometime in the afternoon is preferred on tues or weds of this week . BT
I sent this document back by fax . BT
Dave , the fundy's report is saying that both Kaiser plants are closed , the one in Mead and the other is in Tacoma.. . are they not buying gas from us on a monthly basis and if so , is this for process ? BT
Assuming that our bid's stay in the range discussed previously , what are we going to do ? I am not going to hard trade the buyers at this point until we know for sure Suncor is there. . So , can you pls advise . I would suggest we get Suncor to give you a "Stand Still" for the rest of this week which includes a firm number (  or better )  that they will sell capacity for . By the way , this number needs to be close to zero as there is not much left over . Current economics... . approx $400,000 Bid on the table , plus ENA holds option Apr 02 - oct 02 to put capacity to buyer . Under this structre Suncor keeps capacity until Apr . 02 . There are no liquids conversations being conducted at this time and pending structure may not be . None of the financial markets support premium payments (  for any term )  . Give me a call . BT
pls advise group that we will be meeting today and advise the video staff to ensure it is up and running . BT
Jaime , further to our conversations earlier . I look forward to our proposed meeting and will coordinate efforts with Stephanie Miller to prepare for ENA's discussion items . I have decided for at least the next week or so to defer my travel plans (  I am not the best flyer at the best of times ) . . As such , we should work towards the end of the month as a timeline for us to come down . We can nail down specific dates soonest . BT
thanks , BT
Didn't you trade uranium at one time . BT
yes but can you spell.. .
has there been a big run up in the pricing on this metal . BT
I am track you down on more details or your ability to get them.. . stay tuned . Thanks , and please disregard spell check comments . evn I mak misstackes ounce and a wile! !
Jeff , I believe that your total loss payable equates to $55.00 . John and I netted out so you can pay me directly . Thanks , BT
Mark's address at home is mawhitt@aol.com BT
Mara , it appears that the PGE Topack curve is pulling in the wrong file in the swap spread model... . pls fix .
I hadn't heard about his changes... . did he swith co's.. . I will confirm meeting time . Thanks , BT
We should get together and put this package together...let's plan on spending some time today .
Yes , once I complete , I will send over . BT
I am sure I will be here.. . Let me take you out for lunch . BT
Thanks for looking after this . I am not as interested in who or how we spent the money , but more so on where our estimates were off . The whole reason for setting up and getting approval is being accountable to the plan . Give me a call... . when you have a moment . BT
Steph , what do you think about RFPing the PGT capacity if and when we get a standstill from Suncor...I was thinking we could send to SMUD , Morgan Stanley , Calpine , perhaps avista . It might be a bit radical.. . but perhaps can drive out the highest value . BT
Jessica , as part of the process when updating or adding items to my calendar or stephanies , pls send a note to me advising who it is and what the planned agenda is . thanks , bt
Dave , We believe that Avista has been kicking tires on picking up some term PGT , Nova and ANG capacity.. . We may be selling it . Pls hunt down a contact who handles this and find out if they want to see our piece . We will probably have 10,000 MMBtu/day . starting out of Nov 2002 . 23 years . at expansion rates . Call stephanie or myself to discuss . BT
I was in Denver when the attacks occured and then I drove from Denver to Houston (  15 hours )  to get home.. . I was not in the office until thurs afternoon . BT
Are you still using the Access Database for PC and if so , do you think this could be applied to Utility Usage ,  portfolio MTM etc ? BT
Were you referring to my lunches.... . ?  BT
Can I have a look at this resume please .
Ray.. . seems like its been a while since we met in San Fransisco , . .. . and of course so much has happened since then . I have been talking with our in house legal and with Canada and I know Eric and yourself have also been talking . I believe that the door has been pushed open a little and if everyone tries to get these agreements cleaned up and executed that PG&E and Enron (  Canada & US )  can start to transact . With that being said , there are two areas which I would like to refresh from our discussions. . 1 . Did you give any further thought to the utilization of Daily gas sales as a collateral. . I truly believe that this vehicle is a very efficient,easy way for PG&E to enhance the credit with ENA and once we have a 30 day bucket.. . we can get you trading access to EOL . Lot's of details to work out , but I would like to keep this discussion at the forefront . I can send the details of how this proposal would work if required . (  let me know )  2 . As discussed , ENA holds some 5 year El Paso capacity . I am looking to assign this capacity and possibly and would like to investigate your supply requirements and possible alternatives such that you can consider our capacity . I trust all is well and look forward to talking to you soon . Barry Tycholiz
I think that this note did you receive you the first time.. . Sorry , BT
I am available from 1:30 - 2:30 Houston time . BT
Jessica , pls book a room and send a notice to Jane Tholt , Stephanie Miller , Phillip Allen , Beck Cantrell . Get us a room at 11:30 pls . Further to our conversation yesterday , Phillip has asked that we meet today to update him on the general and specific efforts related to regulatory concerns on El Paso pipeline . Pls be prepared to discuss the major items we had identified last session and what our position and repsonse is planned to be . If there are any questions give me a call . BT
Can i have a copy of these forms pls . BT
Pls set up a 15- 30 minute meeting with John and Mark Whitt (  Denver )  to discuss Williston Basin (  storage blowdown) . Pls advise . Barry Tycholiz
If one of the exercises is to standardize (  as best as possible the two agreements ) I think we need to create a document that identifies the variance in the agreements . Has this been done and if so , can I have a copy to review . I have gone through both the US and Canadian agreements but am not sure where some of the subtle differences lie . Call if you want to discuss . BT
Dave , I have read the proposal . Pls coordinate a tele conference with yourself , mark and me . sometime this a.m . Call jessica to set up a definative time . BT
Hope things go ok for you.. . make sure you stay in bed... . soon enough you can get up and boss people around . Kim and I wish you the best ! I am sure tammi will contact me to schedule . BT
Good morning... . is all of Nevada Powers generation territory served from Southwests full requirements off of El Paso , or do you get some load from them at Kern ?
Mike , here is a very brief overview of planned or approved expansions by major pipeline . There is a lot of detail that supports each of these pipe expansions including , proposed start dates , delivery points , probability etc.. . Let's discuss needs.. . Perhaps , we can give your group a general overview on expansions in the west , current status etc . BT
Pls review
Mark , we purchased a gift certificate from the group for Polsky's Wedding.. . if anyone is interested in chipping in from your place , pls send to stephanie. . the total gift was $ 200.00 . BT
San Diego at Dallas......this weekend. ( i think)... . Road Trip
With the crack team of developers that you had.... . you should be able to fetch a pretty premium.!! ! .  . didn't she write code while eating her lunch and breast feeding her kids ?
Kay , sorry I missed your call . Tell Dave I am in on Sunday (  assume it will be around 7:00 or so)....pls advise on particulars . BT
Please print out two copies in COLOR . BT
Make sure we charge the proper cost of funds (  int . rate )  for basically putting money out the door for the deal .
I just received this from PG&E and wanted to make sure others received document also . Pls distribute as required . BT
thanks , I will review in detail and get back to you to discuss a plan... .
Mark , Dave , I talked to Lavorato regarding a non-compete.. . he was fine with proceeding to negotiate a commercial deal but did not want us to commit to a non compete (  just yet ) for these reasons . 1 . He wants to not restrict EES in their abilities to market in that region (  I will discuss with Delainey) . 2 . Unless we have an exclusive he thinks we are boxing ourselves . Pls digest these points as you proceed and keep me posted on where Cascade is even with the paper we showed to them . BT
As we had talked about yesterday... . any deals cut by El Paso are going to be opposed by the shippers (  when it comes to adding new capacity or expanding )  until the existing issues are resolved.) . BT
FYI Mark , I talked to Fred. . this meetingis cancelled until further notice.. . and for sure you and your people were going to be invited . BT
Paul , let's try to find some time on Friday to discuss next steps . BT
When you talk to Robert Neustaedter , ask him about the Montebello storage field in Socal's territory that was blown down this year . I would like to know what application they filed , when it started and a summary of the details regarding this deal . There was about 14 Bcf blown down . BT
Can you see if you can float out these tickets for tonights game.. . I cannot make it . I have all 4 . BT
Leslie , further to our conversation . I don't think the prize in $$$'s is going to give us the leverage we had hoped but I will know better early next week exactly what that looks like . At the very least , we are going to position ourselves with El Paso such that we can have a commercial discussion . BT
In consideration of the sensitivities regarding this asset and ENA's efforts to manage this risk . I believe we need to formalize and coordinate any external communication with El Paso . Please advise by name who your lead contact is or would be and what the general purpose of the conversations is concerning . If you do not have a primary contact or do not talk directly to the pipeline , pls advise . thanks , BT Enron El Paso Scope Barry Tycholiz Gerry Strange / Al Clark Commercial activities regarding EL Paso Pipeline , current issues - negotiations .
Todd , further to your voice message . Yes , I did meet in person with Robert Ayers , the meeting went well , and he was going to contact me on Friday . He was considering another offer (  a different co. ) and wanted to make a decision this week . As such I committed to informing him as to whether or not an offer will be made to him . At this time , I am not going to make an offer and will advise him as such upon my next contact . Although he has some good qualities I am going to continue in my search . BT
Looks like I lost another game.. . In total I lost $85.00 on sunday . Isn't this fun ! ! ! PS.. . nice race car in the lobby... . can we take it for a spin ?
Pls print out copies for my files . Thanks ,
Mark , I was looking at that pricing sheet and would like to suggest that the shading in the commentary boxes.. . under the assumption that this becomes a printed document and that it is printed in black & white , it is very difficult to read . Perhaps a more solid background would work better . BT
Steph , further to our discussion , Pls review . I took a quick look at the locations and most appear to be East based . You might want to use an analyst to figure this out . Also , they have valued the inventories off of the Nymex only (  or so it appears ) and I would have to believe that the value of these molecules is materially different than this . Pls review and let's discuss asap . BT
I talked to Robert Ayers , he is going to accept a job with another co . BT
I am available. . pls put on my calender to block off .
Barry , trust all is well . I just wanted to update you on a couple of things and re-check SMUD's interest . 1 . The on again off again PGT assignment of 10,000 MMBTU per day out of Nov . 2002 . appears to have surfaced from our counter party again and under the assumption you are still interested I will forward to you latest offer once we have FIRMED it up with the third party . 2 . It is my understanding that you own El Paso - PG&E Topock capacity until May 31 , 2003 . ENA has some of the same capacity and is prepared to offer this into the market place from the period June 1 , 2003 - May 30 , 2006 . (  with the renewal rights) , PLUS some sort of " Payment " from ENA to SMUD . Rather than renew your existing capacity at full tolls , this is a way to pick up transport below the normal tariff and retain renewal rights after 2006 . Pls advise if either of these points capture your interest . Thanks in advance , Barry Tycholiz
Peter , Eric... . I talked to Bradford this a.m . regarding another matter and managed to discuss with him general credit terms for PG&E . He said he would review Post Petition credit status and also needs to discuss these credit lines as potentially part of our ongoing issues related to PG&E . He was going to discuss internally and advise . I am not sure he will have any comments back by this weds , so this may conflict with the timelines Eric and I discussed this a.m . BT
Pablo , I did infact lose my "d" drive on my Dell computer so it does not recognize the set up . Should i go re-install my hard drives. . and if so , how do i do that . BT
Good news on the CMS Deal.. . How much will this be ? BT
Mara , pls ensure that everyone takes the time TODAY to fill this out with all the customers that we can market this to , including names and action plan . I will need to review with Phillip and John later today . BT
Mike , for your info.. . we just received this message from IGS re: DWR purchases . As previously discussed seeing the DWR rfp will require some credit and contract enhancements and that process is underway but it is moving slower and with less push than I would like.. . For sure , there are alot of hurdles.. . It is our opinion that any transactions that are being done by the DWR with third parties are relatively short dated. . 1 month , 2 month etc. . but we will keep you posted as we move forward . BT
FYI , Miquel has decided to not pursue anything with in my group. . He did say that he was still considering yours. . Good luck.. . I did tell him that we were hopefull that he would stay within ENA wholesale.. . BT
Amy , pls send the daily pricing sheet to the west gas trading - traders every morning . I think jessica can get you their names and e-mail addresses . BT
Benny , I don't know if you knew Brad or not.. . but he used to work at Coral in Calgary . I think he traded Merc . Anyways , he has contacted me a couple of times to play hockey and really wants some players. . I told him I would forward this note . I am going to try to get out one of these days . TIC
Ty- can you send to me a copy of the latest producer package that we had sent out . Pls send first thing . Also , in the swap-spread models.. . please expand the model to incude curves like , ventura , chicago , ngpl mid con . Thanks . BT
Mark , I saw the funds come in last night.. . $ 1,045,000 . Good job.. . let's keep it going . BT
Louise , further to our meeting last week , the contracts have been executed and the Rockies transportation has been sold to CMS . Origination and trading participated in the P&L . Orig = $ 1,045,000 . Trading approx $310,000 . We are a little closer to our Q3 targets of $ 2MM in sept . Please call if there are any questions . BT
Good morning.. . There is NO issue on your e-mail that is going to get in the way of Family issues.. . so don't worry about that . Don't knee cap the band because you guys owe me $ 4,000.00 . I was just checking on what your decision was.. . keep me posted . BT
Sonya , further to our conversation the other day.. . I am still not able to read the first couple of letters on the left hand side of the page under Headlines.. . Have you had a chance to look at this . BT
Never did.. . but glad we were here to ensure it was captured . BT
Can i have copies of this .
I would probably drop the range volume and go with a specific amount.. . 10,000 - 25,000 instead of up to 200,000 as I am sure there is no way they will get that high . BT
sure
Eric , I have at least 2 tickets and possibly 4 tickets for tonights game... . I believe it starts at 7:00 PM . I did ask eric boyt.. . have not heard back . Can you see if you or any of your people would like to use them . Let me know. . I want to make sure they get used . BT
we are working on it.. . but I have been distracted and slowing the process down . BT
Good morning.. . Tim Belden (  Trading ) and Chris Calger (  Origination ) are in charge of all power issues in the West U.S . I would also think Paul Kaufman may already have a hand in these issues (  if PUC related )  . BT
Sorry I couldn't pick you up on the call.. . I would love to play . BT
Interesting... . and probably true.. . I was watching the news last night and it is unbelievable how much scrutiny all of these assets are going to get in the next little while , the reality is that everything could be a terrorist target.. . Nukes , water , tall buildings , stadiums,electrical generation assets , fuel depo's , crop dusters.. . Pls keep us posted. . the implication here is that expansion projects like TransWestern could receive pressure on their ability to expand as the generation equation gets stirred up .
Sonya , can you please contact Frank Vickers (  VP East Orig) . He was looking at my screen and was interested in getting it . Also , can you provide for him a report on what systems his group currently has and whether or not there is an opportunity to reduce some of his costs by using the system that you set me up with . No need to reply , pls contact Frank . BT
ozzie... . ? ? ? he doesn't golf.. . remind dave of that.. . that's just like throwing money away for ozzie... . (  you can tell oz I said that) . BT
I saw it come through.. . good deal . Keep up the good work . BT
Dorie , pls hold 6 tickets for me for the Sunday event . Thanks , BT
I want the tickets... . also , can you tell me what time the race starts on sBT
0413 Co . BT
Dave , SPPC does not want to show us an oct . offer for gas a blue diamond. . They will sell day by day as they manage their load . BT
call me in a few minutes.. . to discuss BP discussions .
I would like to get a few customers invited to this event. . pls advise who we can invite. . and we can discuss asap . BT
Jacy called me the other day and said you guys met.. . He is a really good guy. . they have three young kids.. . For right now , the best thing that we can do is try to find a nasdaq related fund and possibly by half of that and the balance in some sort of term bond fund . I have not set you the documents back as of yet . BT
Eva , I was talking to Jean the other day and she has advised me that you will be working in the Producer One group . I would like to talk to you about some of the things you worked on this year as they relate to storage development etc.. . Can you contact me early next week to get together for 1/2 hour . Thanks in advance . BT
I thought you guys might like this one.... . I am trying hard to defend ourselves.. . but they might be right. . BT
These are pretty good .
FYI , I have invited a couple of my marketers and their customers to go to this on Sunday. . ENA (  my RC )  will not be charged back . Who is paying the bills... . and how much are they ? You would have to believe it is a lot .
I did not know she had resigned . BT
Mark , do you have any customers that we could invite as a guest to this event . I would be more than happy to host . I have tickets for the Sunday race... . Oct.7 . Let's discuss on Monday . BT
Paul , can you please advise as to who you are directing these packages to and the status of their interest . BT
Gerry , I talked to both storey and Lucci late friday.. . here is the latest . You had indicated your customer wanted a monthly related price.. . is that off of Ventura or Harper or both . Paul Lucci (  Denver office ) will contact you today or Tues. , to generate a bid for the Ventura and Harper gas . I talked to storey on Friday and he will work up a firm bid for your customers . He thinks pricing will be near a Ventura Monthly Index + $ . 04 . (  that's with no orig to Canada) . That is also with no ancillary deals behind this structure and that is what Lucci is trying to pull together . Paul , can you please investigate nom procedures , potential dry run structure (  Oct . 01 ) and verify what the structure looks like as the upstream diversions take place. ( incl . default positions )  . At a minimum let's buy the gas and sell it base load to storey... . then ENA - Denver will try to back fill some gas into the deal on a Interruptible basis . Call if you guys want to discuss . regard , BT
Marc , you had left a message on my voice mail last week from one of your customers at sclumberger.. . I am forwarding his name and number to Frank Vickers group to follow up as this customer requirement is not part of my service territory . Thanks , BT
Any news this fine monday morning.. . BT
Louise , please review and if you require more verbage I can add a lot more than this.. . I believe this captures the basic scope but if you think otherwise , let me know . BT
thanks . BT
For the most part the term of the back to back was 23 years.....with step up volumes . BT
I just received a letter on some options being granted (  a total of 1400).. . at $ 35.00 strike . What is this for ?
Are you going to this event this weekend . BT
The letter had your name on it . and yes I have a cool rep . BT
I have not ever been to a race.. . always wanted to go... . I think we have invited a couple of customers.Should be fun.!! ! BT
I was reading your pricing sheet.. . couldn't resist the teaser... . Where is the next California ? pls advise . BT
Did you expense for my car rental... . on my last expense report. . it was for the one way rental from Denver to Houston . I found a reciept in my desk.. . and wasn't sure if it was a duplicate or not . BT
Eric , did Suncor every get any drilling completed in the Rockies... ?
Yes , I will ask someone from Denver office to create package.. . Gas Management , Market Intelligence. . gas flows. . etc . BT
Yes I am available.. . pls include me once time is booked . BT
Mara , pls put together a summary report of the planned generation sites along Kern Pipeline and the proposed start dates . I need it for a discussion with Sierra Pacific today . BT
please roll , my Q3 origination structure for JM Huber from Q3 to q4 . $ 500,000 k . I have nothing else to add at this time . BT
pls print off .
Kim , Russel Diamond is going to provide to you a complete overview of deals , power and gas , and MTM positions , plus contractual status . You should get a copy of the master documents . (  this will include credit covenants) . Also , can I have a summary of LADWP , how they operate , how they are paid... . Russel will have this to you by tommorow . Pls have the consolidated package for me prior to my departure at 1:30 to Las Vegas . BT
Mark , I have not read these documents but Gerald and I did discuss scope.. . let's start to go through this with actual details . BT
Yes that does sound a lot like your structure....I fill address from here.. . BT
call me when you get in please . I have a couple of questions on this . BT
Louise , my marketer out of the Portland office had word that a EES marketer (  George Dickinson )  was looking to contact a Utility in the Northwest... . the reason that EES was looking to do this was to work with the utility on gas structures that perhaps the utility could market to some of their customers and EES would help them create or structure .  . This marketing effort is at the core of what ENA - Wholesale Gas is trying to promote and any third part mix into this effort does not help . Regardless as to where we are at in our marketing efforts and success to date in these efforts... . Utility business is a ENA customer and I consider them a primary wholesale customer . I have not discussed this is anyone at EES but in my discussions with my peers was led to believe that this issues was tabled with you already and my comments would support your conversations with EES on our behalf . Pls advise if you need to discuss or require anything from me . regards , BT
Here is the schedule.. . next game Oct 20 . against Nevada . Not the most exiting schedule . BT
Patrick , sorry for the short notice to try to catch up with you in L.A . this week . As mentioned , I am responsible for the Gas Marketing efforts in the West . For a variety of reasons we have been slow in contacting you but I know that from a Trading perspective you have a strong relationship with our staff and were probably getting covered on most items you were needing . My groups interests are around transportation , risk management , Strategic Assets , storage etc.. . . items that we believe are more of a term fit that real time position management issue . We spend a lot of time on fundamentals , research , hedging strategies , load forecasting etc . You had mentioned being in town in early November and if your schedule allows I would welcome the chance to get together . Please contact me as you know your calendar and in the interim... . if I end up in the city prior to the end of the month , I may try to contact you then . Thanks in advance . Barry Tycholiz Vice President Enron North America
I am a believer... .
marge , I went in and registered but my name is coming up as a director.. . should be a V.P... . I don't really care but if you are updating files pleas have this changed . Barry Tycholiz
I have talked to Sierra Pacific and they have some storage.. . I will advise . I think fuller was doing some leg work also . Do you think there are any displacement issues that they may be forced to adhere to that would no allow them to shift flows ? Also , are you able to replicate the delivery point off of JP to make this happen ? BT
I should no longer be on this circulation . Can you please have me removed . BT
Mark , I have approved this expense report. . With regards to the Wyoming Gas Fair . What is the total cost of that trip for you,looks like $ 3,000 or so including airfare , hotel and ancillaries , also (  I believe Paul was there )  . What are his expenses going to be for this ? Thanks . BT
That may be a better date for me anyways.. . pls put me down . BT
Kim , I will attend . Jessica , pls add to my calender . BT
Jeff , I was talking to Mike Etringer yesterday regarding this subject and he gave me the name of the CFO Ted Craver . I understand that you guys were dealing with John Fielder . For sure we want to know what they are up to . I think like all deals in California we are going to run into issues with credit , and probably paper but that would pretty much depend on the counterparty . (  is it edison) , or DWR ? It is VERY important that trading and marketing are aware of the hedging activities in a very timely fashion so however we need to ensure that happens will be my plan . Do you know the CFO ?  regards , BT
John , If possible I would like to talk to you regarding two deals this morning . 1 . JM Huber - hedging deal / prudency issues required to protect some risks in 2002 . 2 . El Paso Transport assignment discussions and plan . I can be there any time... . need 10 minutes . BT
As you guys know the 2003 PGT expansion plans are supposed to be 230,000/day . The landscape of the shippers list is ever changing.. . Rumors of PPL pulling out 85,000/day to Malin and Stanfield is unconfirmed (  we are trying to validate).. . and potentially Avista pulling out as they have been downgraded.. . they hold 35,000/day in 2003 . Combined this is almost half of the planned expansion . Although not confirmed the bottom line is as the 03 shippers back out the expansion it becomes compromised and ultimately I believe the 2002 expansion and 2003 expansion start to blend together . As you guys know the 2002 shippers lists of 211,000 / day is made up 2 shippers Calpine 35,000/day and Newport Gen 175,000/day and this expansion has it's own issues . As we know more about shippers moving around I will pass on.. . pls do same . BT
Further to our conversation please find attached the curves on the JM Huber transaction that we have agreed to work off of . The 30,000/day of capacity will sit on the books until next week but the deal with HUBER is effectively completed . In the event that this deal does not close , then the West desk will resume with the same MTM risks that you presently have . Any curve shift positive from now until the transaction is actually unwound will be credited back to the orig desk and any negative curve shift from here on in will be credited to the trading desk.. . plus ENA Orig and trading will work on a sharing calculation payable for any future deals . In addition to the transportation income being generated , additional orig will be generated by entering into wellhead and market based transactions with the desks . I believe that all of the risks and discussions associated with the structures have been well communicated with each book (  by Mark Whitt )  and we will be meeting with each of you early next week to get the structures and booking set up properly . I trust that this note covers the general areas related to this deal and I am very pleased with the high level of cooperation shown by everyone. . Pls review file and if there are any questions give me a call . BT
pls copy
Eric , pls ensure that this meeting comes with a defined plan from legal for discussions related to capacity release (  purchase or sale )  at full tolls , discount or premium . In addition to this and most importantly what is ENA's legal position on the disclosure of commercial terms that accompany and structured transportation agreement . I.E . if we buy gas at a market based rate and assign capacity to the customer (  at full tolls )  are we going to be required to post the commercial terms to the street . BT
Yes , I had also heard that Calpine/NPG have passed on the early start date...I think PGT will show this to the market... . no change regarding the 02 issues as of yet . BT
BT
Latest doc's . pls review and comment on wording applicable to regulatory indicator that triggers events . BT
Ty and Phil , can you please advise as to the status and provide me copies of all documents related to payment # 1 and # 2 regarding the kern shippers . What I really want to do is tie out paper work , signatures and ensure that we are tight on all fronts . Pls advise (  by co . name )  the status of all pending documents and a plan to get signatures as required . BT
Thanks , I have taken a quick look at this and will think about other applications . I will follow up soon . BT
absolutely .
Jessica , it appears that we pay a monthly fee of $ 89.99 / mth plus monthly optional charges and all long distance and local charges . I would like to discuss the details of a bill . What is this base fee , are there other plans available ? Are we getting any value in using cingular (  especially this plan) . How many minutes are we getting what are the long distance and roaming rates ? In aggregate , my monthly cell phone bill for my group looks to be around $1,400 - $ 2,000/mth for 7 people total and this is a little high . Also , pls verify who has cell phones in Denver and what the monthly bills look like for this office . Thanks , BT
Pls coordinate a vacation schedule planner for me for all of the staff from now until the end of the year (  including Jan )  . Pls include Denver BT .
Can I get all this printed out please . BT
I just sat down this a.m . and have been either in a meeting or working on a deal . I should be able to get back to you in the next hour or so . BT
Ted , it's that time of year.. . I would like to meet with a few good a/a's to try and place in my group for year end . Any comments on the process or path I should take on getting this done . BT
you know , can't trust those lawyers.... . BT
Lorelie , attached is a Price Distribution table that is set up as a template for SPPC Power load as it relates to market prices and load . As you can see , this distribution protects your rate base against a rising price environment and partially floats with market prices as they move down . The distribution (  fixed price vs floating )  may move up a percent or two in relation to the outright price desk that we face today (  relative to the historical numbers ) but those iterations can be made as required . Pls review and we can discuss at your convenience . Also , as discussed , I am looking for ways to enhance our ability to transact with you on gas structures but in light of the overall credit positions that may be difficult . With that being said however , I do believe that we can stream some structures to the physical contracts in gas and ensure that from the physical point of view ENA and SPPC are both protected and I would like to pursue this with you . One area that I would like to start with to have SPPC sell ENA physical gas (  30,000/40,000/day ) against a physical gas daily related price . Once I have accumulated a payables position , we inherently create a secured line without having to change any of the contracts/paper currently in place . I am also sure this will require further discussions and look forward to catching up with you soonest . regards , Barry Tycholiz
Louise , further to our conversation of yesterday.. . here is a list (  in order of priority ) that I have reviewed with the Denver office . In all cases , if Fred's group is able to make a case that the CFO truly is the financial contact , then we are prepared to leave as is... . otherwise as per Mark's note , I would like to clarify the marketing role regarding all Rockies and San Juan producers (  both physical and paper )  and transfer the primary responsibilities back to the Denver office as we had always planned . Pls review and advise if you need anything further . BT
please keep me posted on progress... . and if there is any way that I can help.. . photo sessions and baby kissing are my Forte ! !! !
Please include in this annoucement that the West continues to be managed by me and Mike Grigsby . Thanks , BT
What is the latest actuals that I have for month to date . West Gas orig and West Gas Denver orig . BT
Faith , pls advise as to soft targets budget vs actuals year to date for West Gas Origination . BT
is this on my calendar already. . if not , pls add . BT
Darren , I was speaking to Eric and he did infact tell me you were joining ECC in Montreal. . I received your message but was unable to call you back next week . Give me a call at your convenience to discuss any matters you were wanting to talk about . thanks , BT
Jeff , I did leave you a message on Friday that I was unable to meet with DWR on monday.. . You and I need to hook up on Monday to discuss plan of attack regarding gas and as per your original message I agree with you , it starts with some basic discussions around their intent , vs trying to bang out a Master agreement that may go no where . Talk to you today I hope . BT
Let's try to get out soon . Also , I ran into Mike Roberts (  the weather guy ) and he would like to join us some lunch hour.. . he brings his bike in every day . Talk to you soon . BT
Kay , I lost my cell phone the other day.. . as such , can you please forward to me Dave's Cell phone , and work #'s to re-install . Thanks . BT
Jessica , add Delainey's #'s.. . and here are Lavorato's... . #'s Home: 713-661-6096 Work: 713-853-7991 Thanks .
Laura , I would like 6 tickets , Nov . 4 for the Final round on Sunday.... . West Gas Origination , 107321 , Enron North America , Barry Tycholiz , Vice PresPls call if there are any questions . BT
Darren , did you check this already... . are there any power MTM positions with Puget Energy that would be in addition to the Gas MTM that you put on my desk . (  $ 50 MM ) Thanks . BT
Please circulate to west gas Orig group . Thanks . BT
Where were you flying to ? I turned 39 yesterday.. . that sucks... . Kim has worked one 8 hour shift in a year.. . not exactly pounding the hours and the way the stock is going she might need to put together a few more shifts than that . How much longer for school for you ? . . . I know you will do fine! ! All in all things are going pretty good , work is OK , pretty busy myself . What have you guys been up to ? Traveling sure sucks now.. . How is Bryn ? Are there anymore Canadian E&P Co.'s left.. . it seems like they have all been bought up by U.S . Kids?. . how is the House ? I noticed Anandarko.. . wrote down $ 464 MM because of their Canadian assets.. . could that be the Berkley indigestion ? I better run. . come and visit me soon. . but let's talk sooner . best regards , BT
Are you still in Houston today ? (  Tues AM ) .  . if so , let's grab a minute to talk about Puget.. . If not , pls call me when you have a moment . Thanks , BT
I was going to add a footnote to this note but thought I didn't need to as I know for a fact (  by individual )  that we do not have any issues in West Gas Orig . This note was for your information only to reflect the increased level of expectations that Mike holds his trading organization to and I support this completely . Your work hours are not in question.. . nor are those of Denver , and Houston based origination . However I will reiterate that we need to get back to basics and stay focused and I will promote that message given every opportunity . BT
pls print out each report please . BT
just give me a call and we can set up a time . BT
As always , thanks.. . BT
Jeff , Gas Daily has an article on DWR activities for purchasing gas... . do you know Pete Garris and is he the guy we want to get together with.. . or is Balwin's co . going to carry the ball . I remain unclear as to who actually is doing the gas buying. . Further to our conversation of last week.. . let's meet with these guys soonest . BT
you are up early... . This Friday , Monday a.m . or Tues will be fine . Mark is in San Fransisco.. . who were we going to see in Sacremento . BT [Tycholiz , Barry]
Mark , attached is a file regarding what the payment structures could look like . The plug is the total PV $'s that we will put towards the equation.. . other than that it is simply a demand charge calculation . Pls coordinate and let me know . BT
There is a cool screeen saver here that I want to save . BT
That was pretty funny... . he is doing research on NW utilities , however that is not their mandate to market to them.. . so I say , then why are you doing research.. . he say's . . . " I'm not.. . who said I was".. . it was about that time I started to laugh.. . oh well .
Can you find the gas daily article from Yesterday (  related to DWR purchse practices )  and e-mail or fax to jeff please . Thanks , BT
Don't forget to drop the software box back to me. . I need to install my printer . Also , the roadrunner e-mail address seems to have disappeared off of my mainframe. . do you now why and do I have to re-install or talk to roadrunner . Thanks , BT
Louise , I presume that this note was for Thurs A.M . Is it still scheduled . BT
I need to get paid out for this years efforts first.. . if that isn't forthcoming. . then I can start tommorrow . otherwise Q1/02 . BT
Ozzie and I are going to the Front porch after work.. . 5:00 PM. . I thought I would invite you , I know we could all use a couple . I will buy . BT
Jeff , Just looking at teeing my a schedule. . any feedback from either/ both . BT
Make sure Fuller pays up.... . I know he has some money hidden somewhere... . thanks . BT
I have put down 2:00 - 2:30 on Nov . 6/01 . Pls come by 3206b . If this is not a good fit , just let me know and we can re-schedule . BT
I am not waiting for the stock.. . just cash now . Don't know if I will get enough of that either . I don't mind working for a few more years. . just don't want it to be 20 more . I don't think I will be in Denver that early... . What's going on ? Calgary , Who knows???? ? Stock meltdown is a long story.. . perhaps a bit more rumor than fact but that doesn't matter much at this moment. . we are in preservation mode right now... . but I believe things will be fine . All in all we have had the best year ever , the street just hated the way we set up some of our off balance sheet vehicles because they created conflict of interest...time will tell who is correct . Better run , let's talk soon . BT
Is there an action item with regards to the preparation of agreements ? If so , I would like Dave Fuller in Portland to work on the creation of the appropriate gas contracts and the discussions with Puget . Please advise . BT
Mike , have the QF's been paid for the power they were selling to the utilities . I have not heard much about that and was wondering if these payments were all part of the Bond issue. ? Are the QF's generating power today ? BT
Lorelie , I had sent to you last week a amending doc regarding a one month extension that the customer was looking for in order to exercise the option on some of that small volume . They have contacted us and I beleive they will be exercising and would like to get the paperwork back in order to get this process moving . Can you please have document signed and returned to me soonest . Thanks , BT
Hi there.. . can you do me a favor and get me the Home , Cell and work numbers of the following people in Canada . Milly , Peter Keohane , Eric Ledain , Derek Davies , Thanks . BT
pls load into my cell phone .
thanks mike . BT
what about a contract position... . 3 months or something . I was talking to Steve South. . I know steve would like to pick his brain for a while . BT
Oz,... . i am going to pull the shoot early today ( 3:00 ) . .. . sorry about that.. . as such , drinks is going to have to wait . BT
Guys... . as discussed , I am going to be tight on time tommorrow as such , I am going to take my own car up.. . and would suggest you two carpool together... . I am leaving houston at 8:00 AM and need to be back by 3:30.. . thanks . BT
Mark , I have reviewed this file and believe it is accurate up to the end of Q3. . Can you please review for your guys and advise if there is any variance. . I am not worried about 10 or 20,000 either way because I don't think we will manage down to that level anyways . BT
Thank you for meeting with us this week . Speaking on behalf of Enron U.S . I know there was some very good clarification , information and hopefully action required by all the parties . I look forward to working through some transportation/supply structures and will contact you next week to discuss . I have also met with our legal team to discuss the commercial and legal issues related to the GISB (  under 30 day firm agreement )  and need to discuss the details with you to see if we can get the proper paper completed . I have also raised a draft Master Firm agreement (  to handle term structures ) and will begin to review this for early next week also . Thanks in advance , Barry Tycholiz Vice President Enron North America
Same... .
I think I had the wrong address for you Veronica.. . trust this finds you this time . BT
Mark , I was talking to Jay on Friday and he was telling about Kerr McGee shutting down their operations . Is there any play here for you guys. ? BT
Let's try to get together today . BT
Morris.. . if ENA were to sell options to a third party and receive the option premium up front.. . for example $ 10MM $'s... . would that be considered taxable income ? We would also be buying the option from another party or hedging this structure and this cash would be used to offset future liabilities related to the deal . BT
Mark , pls encourage everyone to talk to their customers today and let's let the street know we are as busy as always and that the overall issues are behind us . I have no new info regarding this matter but believe that the proper vehicles are in place to maintain liquidity . I am very interested in what the wholesale customers have to say about our issues . Do they have a mandate to not trade , are they wanting to turn down their exposures etc . If any customers say this , then let me know . Pls keep me posted . BT
I am out of town tues , weds. . pls schedule for some time on thurs . BT
Eric , can you have someone fax to me a copy of the TCPL Cochrane shrink agreement and also the PC (  empress )  shrink agreement . SPPC has asked me to help her figure out the deal she has and I need to refresh on paper issues . Don't know if there is a deal here or not ? Thanks , BT
Jeff , received your message for a Tues AM meeting in Sacramento.. . I can make that . Also , I will try to see SMUD while I am there and plan on seeing PG& E back in the city . Any word from SOCALED . Give me a call this a.m . and we can figure out travel plans . BT
Mark , let's discuss letter to BP prior to it going out this a.m . BT
Faizal,... . did you ever get a refresh of numbers from us for gas supply on the new IPP you were working on ? If you have time , give me a call and you can update me on things you are looking for . regards , BT
Can you get me a map / printout to get to this location and also to SMUD 6301 S Stree , Sacremento . BT
Jeff , I will arrive late evening tonight . I have a car and will talk to you enroute to Sacremento . I am staying and meeting with SMUD at 11:30 - 1:00 and then probably meeting with PG&E on tues at 3:30 . I will either leave for Houston tues night or weds a.m . pending any possible meeting with SocalEd in L.A . If we cannot meet with them this week , then I may reconsider that trip for next week . Thanks , BT
Jaime , thanks for setting up last weeks meetings.. . I thought the time together was well spent and there is some action items required on all parties . We will follow up directly with Pemex on some contractual issues and potential transport deals . Did you get anywhere with regards to your regulatory matters ? Is there any specific action required by west gas at this time , if so , pls contact me to coordinate ? regards , BT
We need to figure out how much short term and long term obligations Pemex believes they will have in the next 1 - 5,10 years . The more obligation they have at the border , the better off we are. . What they used to deliver upstream of the border , we can replace for them synthetically . Pls update and let's discuss in next couple of days . BT
Jessica , pls schedule Chris for Thurs . BT
Can i have copies of all of these resumes pls.sort analysts , assoc.. . etc . BT
I don't believe that the agreement you had sent to me for Cochrane is the latest version . I thought we executed a new agreement with tiered volumes.. . can you have someone re-check this and get back to me . BT
Jeff , thanks again for attending the discussions with DWR . Do you have any recon... . on exactly which plants DWR has the right to bring the fuel on . As Mark indicated , it was about 1/3 of their exposure , and most of that was in the south service area , but I am very interested in the actual facilities and whom used to bring fuel to them or run the units.' There is a zero sum game on fuel.. . but the landscape changes depending on who buys it and how they buy it ! Any thoughts . BT
Mike , I have asked INA to check into the coordination of a tour for our group ( trading and marketing ) prior to the official move in . I would like to restrict the attendees to the commercial staff , traders and marketers.. . and this will give everyone a chance to see the new digs. . and then I would also like to suggest that we all slide out to the local watering hole for a drink.. . it is long overdue. . Any suggestions on a date , perhaps 3:00 - 3:30 for a tour. . then out for a drink.. . what about next tues... . Pls advise . BT
Meeting with PG&E went OK.. . they are unable to commit to a letter that I had sent them on swapping out some capacity , but still very much want to trade with us and would like trade access to EOL . PROGRESS I guess... . Flights were good. . got home around 1:45 am houston time , so it was a long day.. . IF you think we can get the plant names they they are have the toll on. . . that would be great . BT
Steph , why did you have two tickets for L.A... . and why will one be used for Future travel ? BT
I don't know about a speech.. . but a few words of encouragement and a kick in the ass is inorder . BT
Pls make sure that you guys are attending the fundy's meeting... . mara and yourself .  Thanks . BT
I thought we were going to show them a number to work with... . What is this conversation about option values on the pipe ? BT
received your phone message , call me on thurs . BT
that was today.. . I had heard they were sniffing around about optionality values ? It is not in the agreement . just a question .
Heh... . What's going on. . I was talking to Kevin the other day and he asked how you were and I soon realized that I never called you back to take you up on the beer . Are you around this weekend. . I have tickets for the Golf tournament.. . for Friday and Sunday , was thinking of going . Any interest. . I will probably go sunday a.m . Drop me a line.. . PS.. . work is OK , I think we will be fine..every day is a new day but overall , my guys tell me we will be alright . BT
Ina , please make the tour arrangements for our group for Tues Nov , 6 at 3:30 . West Gas trading and West Gas orig . (  I can get you the names if you need them) . Let me know if this is booked and I will put on my calender . Other than Mike , the group does not know we are planning for this tour . Thanks . BT
Jay , what is status on credit worksheet for MGI . Pls advise . BT
My location number is 3206b . pls forward packet . Thanks . BT
Pls do not restrict my ability to kill my career... . the problem with me sending this note internally is that they would probably want to hire the writer of this note to help restructure some of our outstanding agreements .
for your review . BT
Today is my 6 year anniversary.. . I have yet to get a 5 year belt buckle and inlight of the fact it may be the only thing I get out of this co.. . would like to know what my choices are... . pls advise . BT
here it is.. . BT
In a couple of years , I may not be employed.. . but I am sorry to hear that you cannot make it. . I am probably going to slip out on friday and catch 9 holes and then probably on sunday. . I a go , i will let you know so you can watch for me on TV . See ya . BT
Mark , thanks for seeing us this week . I am working internally to get our corporation over the top on the primary contractual and credit issues and believe I am making progress . I shall get back to you soonest . Can you please advise as to the payables policy of DWR . For example , if I were to sell you gas via Enron Online for the month of November , would DWR be paying that invoice on the 25th of the month following delivery ? Is there any possibility that this could get paid on the 5th of the month following delivery ( at least in the beginning) . Thanks in advance , Barry Tycholiz
As always , would love to.. . How are the Kids ? If you have any new pictures , pls e-mail . Our home address is ktycholiz@houston.rr.com . Talk to you soon . TIC
WOW... . I am positive that your beautiful wife did not sign up for hauling three rug rats ( plus 1 dad )  around the back streets of London... . what have you done??? ? I would love to talk market conditions with you but I think we are banned from doing any work for the next three months while this co . continues to fucks with my money... . HACKS ! ! ! Although not bitter , for years I have heard the story about being paid fair value for a job well done. . and that my time was coming... ( just around the corner)... . !  ! little did I know that when I made that turn , some guy named Jerome. ( take a minute to imagine ) . ..was standing there with a baseball bat looking to smack my head a few times just to make sure I knew I wasn't quite there yet . HACKS ! ! !
Info.. .
Amy , can you add the cash and rest of month price for Henry Hub onto your daily pricing sheet . I think the cash to futures spreads for pretty relevant in today's market place as the cash market continues to trade well below futures . Thanks , BT
Good morning Chris . Further to our conversation of yesterday . I believe that your skillset would be a positive addition to the West Gas origination group . We can provide for you a new learning experience by becoming a key component of the team . You will be asked to provide real time modeling , DCF , research on wellhead to burner tip strategies . You will learn a tremendous amount about the Natural gas business with exposure stemming from the wellhead to the burner tip . Some areas include , commodity price risk structures , risk management initiatives , financial and physical markets , structured products and transportation related initiatives . Please use this note as a formal offer of employment . I would like you to start as soon as you can. . (  next 2 weeks ) and will leave this for you to think about until the end of day on Monday . Pls contact me directly if there are any questions regarding this note or any other matters . regards , Barry Tycholiz
Yes.. .
Let's discuss on Monday. . I am open to either plan . BT
Mara , pls ensure that your file includes pipelines that flow east of the rockies , like trailblazer , Northern , NBPL , (  check with the Denver guys to get all the pipes. ) BT
Thanks for the reply. . Let's talk asap regarding this transportation . I can send you a summary sheet as to what we are looking to place . You had indicated that your a larger portion of your load is south . We have some 1,2 year service starting now , and we have the five year to PG&E. ( we also have the baja) . 25th of month following on payables is normal protocol...that works fine ! I had assumed that for starting out , we would only work on sales to you on a Cash basis , or very short term ( intra-month) . Thanks in advance , Barry Tycholiz
jessica , can you check on getting us set up for every second monday . Also , please look into pre-booking conference room space . BT
Done... . for dinner , let's have perogie.. . what do you think ?
Has anybody from Calgers group met with him recently, ( I know Mike was involved) . BT
Benny , Lavo gave me that voucher to use at the TPC. . .  . are you able to get away thurs afternoon , or friday or on saturday some time . Let's try to get this used up . In terms of a 4 some , check to see if Fletch wants to play . I will re-check with Lavo to see if he is available . BT
Mike , from what I am hearing , we will not get into the 6th floor to show the staff around (  prior to the move in) . I still think it would be timely for all of us to get together for a drink but in light of this small logistical issue we may want to postpone until we move in and then go out next week . Once things settle down (  assuming they do ) I look forward to talking specifically to you regarding increased initiatives on our parts to ensure we are getting everything we can out of marketing and trading efforts . It is my observation that we have not made the progress I would have liked in terms of information flow.. . and although there has been progress , there is a ways to go . This probably has as much to do with individuals as it does anything else . Looking forward to those discussions . BT
I think we had discussed this but as a result of security issues accessing the building we will defer until next week our plans . Thanks , BT
pls defer meeting plans until further notice . thanks , BT
I would be happy to take a run at this , see where the customer is at , and then set up a joint session for you and me . I will update you asap . BT
web site .
Jessica , I have a 2:00 meeting with the weather desk can you verify that I have a room booked (  my room is fine) , just make sure Grigsby is not using it either . BT
Just checking in... . We keep waiting for that 3:00 am call to watch Micheal... . Is she getting close ? . .. . I heard Kim and her had their nails and toes done yesterday.. . nice... . I may want to sign up for that . (  not the nails part..... . just the schedule) . TIC
Bill,as requested , I talked to Michael Tribolet last week and he felt that transactions under 1 year would be ok with PG&E Company .  I would like to take the next step with them and assuming we get paper executed for ECC and ENA (  which is pending)... . I want to give them TRADE ACCESS TO EOL . Cumulative unsecured exposure would be about $300,000/day . (  estimated )  and I would try to get the payments from them to us made on the 5th business day vs the 25th business day following delivery . Our master will give us rights for reasonable financial assurances but not definative collateral threshold amount , infact we should keep this at zero for both sides until the air clears . All transactions will come through EOL and the products being sold by ENA , ECC will be cash or rest of month , AECO , Sumas , Malin or PG&E Citygate . The bottom line on this is do we want to enter into Gas related cash transactions that increase of exposure on a receivables basis to PG&E . Commercially , I believe they are someone we want to do business with and we can increase deal flow on EOL for some Canadian and U.S . products . I do not think we are in a position today to ask for pre-pays . Please advise if any questions otherwise I am seeking the GREEN Light from you to take the next step . regards , BT
yes , I would like to interview some of the candidates... . please schedule within reason , and as required . BT
Lavo told me that if any of these guys hear about this.. . he will kill me ? Pls do not distribute and handle with care with Steve . BT
I am fine with them starting at 2:00 pm . Is that consistent with other groups.. ? BT
We will but choose the words you use very carefully with regards to what those may be... . LC's , cash are difficult . Basically the most that they are ever exposed to us for is 55 days of gas.. . and very little mark to market valuations . Thanks , BT
Screen Saver , There are some good beach screen savers here.. . will try to put one on our PC . BT
This is pretty funny . BT
Bart , Let's re-schedule meeting for some time next week . I have not spent the time deserved for this survey and will do so once corporate issues are resolved . BT
Entering into term agreements with Enron today is probably not the best play until our credit / restructuring issues are resolved . What are you thinking about ? All is fine , hanging in there , pissed off like you would not believe.. . but not much I can do now but wait it out. . I have very little interest moving back to canada at this time so it should be interesting . BT
Can you look into this.. . what is it about ?
Good morning... . Callaway Park buys Disney World (  Milly told me that one).... . The Management is trying hard to put on a good face forward , but they fucked this one up nicely . My plans are simple. . hang out to see if I get paid.. . after that , not sure . I am thinking about taking golf lessons.. . that how bad things have gotten . Yikes. . PS , send us a new e-mail of the kids.. . Thanks for the note , TIC .
They are laughing at us now.. . TIC
For your e-mail .
This is funny
Unclear.. . Dave and Lavo have been pretty quiet.. . but I am with you . . . if whalley is in , I have to believe those guys are also... . Chapter 2 , coming up.... .
Let's not get it installed until we move . Thanks . BT
thats fine . next week is early enough .
I was in an electronics store the other night.. . Panasonic has 9" Portable DVD player (  like your sony ) with an 8 hour battery.. . $999.00 US . It is sweeeeeeet . TIC
I think we should still do this , and I may join you guys . BT Dates please .
Tom , no problem... . Can you reply to this note... . or advise how to incorporate the rotating symbol into a file . Thanks , BT
what date is this planned for . BT
Bill , FYI , I have received a formal request from PGT asking Enron to provide security on their pipeline . The request is for approx $ 11MM . They are referencing a provision in their tariff that says that if a co . goes below BBB by S&P , then they have the right to ask for security . I have discussed this request with them and they assure me we are not being singled out . I told them we will review the letter with credit and management and get back to them prior to the deadline imposed on their request ( Nov . 20) . A copy of this request will be on your desk first thing this a.m . regards , BT
Carl , just wanted you to know that I have decided to NOT offer William a rotation in west gas and I have talked to him this a.m . As discussed , I like his basic skill sets but I decided this a.m . to hold off for the next 2 weeks or so before filling any spots for the end of the year . I am sure he will find a good rotation , just wasn't the best fit for me at this time . Thanks , BT
Ty , pls check your model , I would believe you have a file reference error on the July 25 , 55 day payables number (  when you include new deals) . Pls update and re-issue to me first thing . BT
Leslie , I presented a form of assignment to PG&E as recently as 2 weeks ago ( including other structures). . Generally speaking , they HATE the El Paso pipe because of it's flow risk and are not interested in discussing this with me until such time that EL Paso deliverability becomes more reliable . Having them take this pipe as a vehicle to help offset our bankruptcy claim works from an economics point of view (  assuming you can agree on values) , but I think you will have a battle regaring the quality of service that they are going to get . Regardless , it is a an out of the money position for us and we could accomodate if they wish to discuss further . Have Lisa or Michael call me if they wish to discuss logistics around this asset . Thanks , BT
Mike , this was that item I wanted to talk to you about.. . I assume Kim got to you first . I appreciate your response.. . It is extremely important that we maintain the highest quality of service to the wholesale customers where we have MSA's or full requirements arrangements and obligations . Thanks , BT
Dave , although we need to track deal count , I continue to get orig amounts granted to you for $ 40.00.. . that is to small a number to worry about.. . I would think $ 500.00 / transaction would be a better cut line.. . Remember , we are after deal flow , and orig... . no need to reply. . BT
Jeanie , as I read this e-mail i cringe at the thought that we have been dancing around this issue for 4 months yet all around us we will be laying off some very good employees who really deserve to be here , and more importantly , want to be here . Plenty of time has been given to this issue.... . please fix as soon as possible . Do you need anything from me ?
Mark , for right now , I would not suggest we pursue any external hires . We are going to see a lot of internal staff from different business groups looking for work . BT
Kim , please schedule the appropriate people for a 15 minute discussion . I am sure that this can be resolved . Also , be prepared to discuss the "Penalties" component of our obligations to put this in perspective . BT
Howard , can you please verify what you mean by renewal rights. . specifically who owns what rights and until which period . It is my expectation that with the exception of CNRL , ENA/ECC holds the obligation and annual renewal rights on Nova , ANG . We have assigned the PGT permanently out of Nov 08 to Calpine and Sierra Pacific. . We also have the obligation to give them the matching upstream capacity at that time . Also , where do you think AEC , Talisman and CNRL will be to take permanent assignment of this pipe effective asap.. . thus changing the deal delivery point around.. ( an the credit situation) . Included in the shuffle will be the liquids obligations , nominations , (  ENA /ECC can still act as the agent ) but most importantly the thing we need to transfer over is the pipe obligation on PGT.... . stat ! ! ! Pls advise .
I want this program continued for my group at this time . BT
No problem.. . by the way , I heard you guess were able to get the VNG deal completed.. . that is great news . Congratulations . BT
Chris , why does Puget have credit concerns with us ? It was my understanding that we had a MTM of $50 MM in which they were out of the money.I thought the risk was realtively short term . (  winter Gas) . You would think that they would be fine with loading up on Enron . Irony comes in all shapes and sizes when a LDC doesn't like our credit!!! ! With regards to a meeting... . I have yet to make my way up that way , and would still like to make that tour which includes Puget , Northwest Natural , Cascade etc . I think that a meeting with these guys on a consolidated risk management plan would be ideal . I will call you today . BT
kevin , do you have the phone number for Geysa Arujo at the Williams Shrink - Cochrane facility . She called me the other day and I must have taken her number down incorrectly . Thanks . BT
We just moved over to our new building yesterday and i was moving my rolodex and your card popped up.. . Everything good by you ? BT
Thanks for the note back... . yeah , I am still kicking... . and I am sure you know this that it will take a little more than a bankruptcy to shake this guy.. . when I grab on ,  I grab on tight... . Sorry for putting you through the inconvenience of having to read our documents. . I think we have all had to dust off the paper.. . but I sincerely hope most of it is behind us . I knew Karen was at Progas , glad to hear that she is enjoying work.. . I have not been to Calgary since May , and am not sure when I will be back up.. . and if it will be on a permanent of temporary basis... . all in all Houston is treating us pretty good . Work really has been great and I have such a good marketing region.. . california , arizona , Denver... . vegas.. . are some of the highlights.. . so when I need to , I go blow a few braincells out in one of these fine regions. . Kim is working a little (  2 shifts in 1 year)... . she may have to pick up the pace on that effort.. . (  she is fighting me on that one).. . House is good , weather right now is great.. . 80 degrees (  all the time).. . there is something to be said about living in shorts and sandals.. . Better run , take care , talk soonest . BT
Paul , thanks for the note.. . do we have a position with these guys today either in the form of MTM or payables/receivables ? Like everyone else , the street continues to pick it's spots on new dealings with us but I wouldn't mind knowing what our existing exposures are to them . BT
Not really...someone from Williams called you regarding a document that needs to be signed by the 30th. . is that a C/A for NWPipe... . She was covering for Jan , I did not get a chance to take the call , just heard about it.. . BT
thanks , enjoy the few days off...BT
Dave , I have discussed the schedule related to orig track and until further notice , we will suspend interviews and discussions . Louise does expect that this program will continue but agrees that at this time , priorities lie elsewhere ! Pls contact me if there are any questions , otherwise can you coordinate with Karen Buckley (  et al )  . Let's re-visit program in mid-december . regards , Barry Tycholiz
Bill , as part of our conference call this a.m... . please have Debbie identify the top 20 companies that we have out of the money positions to and that we would want to assign in the money deals to . Included in this list we must know the contractual terms of these counter parties including , company name , collateral threshold limits , collateral posted , type of contract (  gas or power . ..etc. ) Physical or financial . Master Netting.. . In addition to this , we must determine if we can cross pollinate agreements.. . I.E.. . a gas agreement is used to offset a power position or vice versa . Lot's of questions but to start , let's get your list of " Co's who are seeking collateral from us today" and fill in some of these blanks . Thanks , BT
Not sure about the fax but will get back to you . BT
Yes I will be right there
Steph,0ls contact pgt and ensure that they are now aware that cnrl is going to et this pipe . I would suggest you talk to schonne .
Pls send pictures..... .
Received doc....I will review but agree that we are almost there . BT
Kim , can you call me upon receipt of this e-mail. . I require a confirm to be raised as part of a complicated three way transaction . BT
Can you please handle and ensure this is processed today . ALSO , please ensure that my expenses are current . Thanks . BT
thanks so much for the note... . unclear how I am holding up... . will talk soon . BT
I know john is there but I was not contacted and at this time am planning to stay home . .. . If that changes I will drop you a line .
Jay , do we have copy's of all the executed documents.. . and if so , where are you going to put them . Also , did we change the counterparty names in the system and put in offsetting transactions with SOCAL etc... . and new positions with PG&E . These need to go into the system . MAKE SURE YOU CHECK THIS . BT
nice to know that people care.. . thanks so much for the note.. . it is a bit crazy.. . hope to be able to talk to you soonest . my home phone # is 713-667-9556 incase all else blows up , but it doesn't look like it is going to right at this moment . BT
David , I just received a call from Mark Whitt and Paul Lucci . They have been advised by there banks that the cheques being deposited today will take 4 days to clear . Although you have indicated that there are no issues related to these funds.... . I am contacting you to see if there is any way to either authorize the wire immediatly or provide for a faster solution . Thanks in advance and if you are able to do so , communicate response and cc me as required . BT
Any updates
Testing system , pls respond to this note asap . BT
Frank , call me later today re the contract sales being worked on . Lavo asked me to pull together a list and status report . I will also being taking to Duran and Calger . Thanks , BT
Mike , please ensure that as part of the dealer price quote process , we secure a long term quote to establish a MTM on this transaction . The particulars of the structure are . Delivery Point: El Paso Keystone Pool Pricing Reference Point: Gas Dailiy Daily Index Electronic Index Midpoint or the Gas Daily Daily Index Midpoint . We need the index two way if that is possible . Thanks , BT
Can one of you please secure this price for MTM purposes . If there are any questions , let me know . BT
Great Pictures of the kids... .
Leon , the account number in the original document is actually not incorrect . This was the account to which the funds were to have been deposited to . However , SCE deposited the funds to a different account . As a result , I agree that we should amend the document to reflect that the account where these funds where they actually ere actually sent and this will conclude our busines . Your file did not come over correctly but if you could hand correct the original documents by changing the banking instructions and fax to me , i will provide proper signatures on amendment and we are done . Thanks . Barry Tycholiz 713-853-1587 ( Phone )
I tried to call you last night around 6:00 . I was unable to leave a message on your home machine or cell . Really nothing too pressing but Schonne is wanting to follow up with us on our plans. . I did talk to him and told him not to assume that our PGT capacity will go to NEWCO , because NEWCO does not really exist and may never.. . SO , I told him to review the tariff and make a determination as to whether or not it is still ours to use , if it isn't , then we don't really need to talk. . it they determine it is still ours , then we need to think about what the estate should do with it , including the upstream parts . Call me this a.m . BT
Jim , stephanie will be in this morning , cannot do lunch , and we will be back to you by 12:00 our time to confirm the 4:00 pm conference call . Thanks , BT
stephanie , I know that Ed McMicheal has appointed someone from the estate to start to consolidate all of our transportation positions (  if any remain )  and also our obligaitons . I will confirm his name and from here on in , you may be asked only to assist , not lead these discussions . However , for the purposes of PGT (  at this time )  , I would ask that you continue on your path of resolution . I will follow up with Canada this a.m . to ascertain what they have done with the NOVA and ANG portions . BT
I am still here and probably will be here until atleast the end of Feb . I have had to lay off about 5 of 12 people which includes outright termination ot allocation to the estate ( clean up , bucket brigade )  . I have been designated to go to the NEWCO which is the trading and marketing core asset business that will be sold lock stock and barrel to a Wall Street firm . It is looking ok at this time and we will find out in the next couple of weeks what happens . We are still planning to be home for christmas and plan on seeing you guys.. . somehow . Talk to you soon . BT
Lorelie , I know we did not get to finish our conversation . call me on Friday (  if you so desire or have time ) .  In thinking through this issue , I am not really sure that it matters how these deals are now being confirmed , nominated or paid . settled or netted against . I am not even sure that we can do anything to change them once we filed . There is a good chance I am not thinking about it properly and will be happy to discuss on friday . Thanks , BT
I assume this is for my info only , or do I need to do something with it . BT
Ed , if you have time now call me to discuss . 713 302 6442 . Thks BT .
Mark , further to our conversation of last night . IT is important to the PROCESS that you guys complete the forms submited to you by Kelly Little.. . and this document gets incorporated into a master file (  being used by the exec committee.) . Can you please ensure that this document is completed asap . As always , Thanks . BT
High . ....merry christmas . Thanks for the note . Sorry for the delay in replying . My blackberry does not work in Canada believe it or not . I was on the phone with tech help....and we discovered this...what a pain . Hope the holidays have treated you well.. . I am planning on going to work on . Weds but from what I hear not much going on . Still a few co's kicking tires... . Keep you posted as I hear . Cheers , BT.....m
The ticket numbers are 108210 , 108058 . -Eric
I am in Risk Management for the HPLC/Texas Desk
You can send future lists to me . Thanks , Eric
Imelda , Those people that require a Risk Management Role are: Eric Bass Michael Walters David Baumbach Bryan Hull Heidi Withers Those people that require a Trader Role are: Thomas Martin Cary Metz Elsa Villareal William Falbaum -Eric
Hey Janet , Here is the info you requested . The deal started in Oct -1997 and ends in June - 2002 . Daily Quantity is 28,500 MMBtus . See attached . -Eric
DONE ! Anything else Entex man ? Enron North America Corp .
Things are really good . I am enjoying work b/c I have assumed a lot more responsibility . I am looking forward to some vacation time , though . How are you doing ? -Eric
vacation !
Thought you might like this .
Hey , Friday is fine with me . Just let me know what time you are available . I will be off tomorrow and Friday , so you can reach me at home . If not , I'll give you a call tomorrow night .
Thought you might like to know !
Hey Melissa , Sorry I haven't gotten back to you sooner but I have been using up my last bit of vacation . I have been keeping track of the accrual value estimate but I want to get some confirmation from the transport and marketing groups on how we want to account for it . I'll let you know soon . -Eric Enron North America Corp .
SCREW YOU!! !
Same to you ! And I hope you and your family have a HAPPY NEW YEAR !
I think you are just trying to avoid me ! It's been two weeks , huh ? I'll be up late tonight watching the national championship , so give me a call when you get in .
Hey Danny , When does the next flag football season start at the YMCA ? We would like to play in the next league . Also , are you planning to have another flag football tournament this summer ? If so , when ? Thanks , Eric
Are you sure this is Gas Mktg ? I have a deal ticket that shows Reliant . -Eric
a little snooty huh ?
Your P&L tonight was down 7,500 , including Elsa and Carey . Storage was 9,000 up . The AGA was 133 withdrawal . Your position is short 40 . We'll see you tomorrow . Dave and Bryan
Can you invalidate these deals so I can change the counterparty ? Thanks , Eric
Third again ? And behind coffman ? You can drink your cosmopolitans alone tonight ! Enron North America Corp .
We are going to Woody's tonight if you are interested .
I think I sent this to the worng e-mail address the first time(selliott rather than shelliott) , but we are going to Woody's tonight if you want to join us .
The new deal #s are 147888,147889 .
Can you spell S-N-O-O-T-Y ?
I don't know if you got these .
i'm in - who should we invite ?
I see! ! It's no longer worth ! Besides , I had the last laugh when you had your cosmopolitan last night ! Enron North America Corp .
that's BULLSHIT ! I'm not coming tomorrow night ! Enron North America Corp .
Can we set this up for next Tuesday morning ? Thanks , Eric
I just wanted to let you know that I am now number 1 . Thanks Lisa Enron North America Corp .
Can you map this the same as HPL Zone#9 - Freeport ? Thanks , Eric 3-0977
Thanks
That sounds lika an awesome system . My bro works for compaq and was pretty impressed with the hardware . Hope it didn't set you back too much . I 'd like to get together with you when you come in . Let me know when you are coming and I would like my boots . My info is: Home #(713)526-8304 Cell #(713)213-1996 Let me know .
ST- Trading ( Martin ) $26,045,166 Firm Trading ( McClendon ) $(1,884,668 ) Gas Daily $(522,922 )
Is anybody up for going to Two Rows tonight ? I promise I won't get AS drunk tonight . We'll be there around 8:00 . Be there or be SQUARE! . Eric
In Rice Village . Take a left off of Kirby onto University . It is on the Second Floor on the Left side (  Across from Mi Luna) .
Hey , Sorry to hear about mike's Dad . I hope he is handling it ok . I'm guessing your weekend wasn't very fun . We had a great time at the black swan , maybe you can come next time ! Let me know when you want to come by.(if ever , ha! ) later
we had a great time at the swan . we went to eat with about 15 people from enron and made our way to the swan at around 11:30 . it sounds like you had a pretty laid back saturday , that's good to have occassionaly . I have you jacket in my car , so let me know what you want to do about that . talk to you later ,
Do you have any information on pipeline capacities ? That would be very helpful for my analysis . Thanks , Eric
I do not see the link to "Statistical Database" . Do I need to request acceEnron North America Corp . From: Tracey Irvin 01/10/2000 08:03 PM
Thanks for your help . There really are no material changes for Texas . The only issue that I see is the month to month change in volumes between December and November 99 . This was due primarily to slightly cooler temperatures ( Entex takes were slightly higher ) and an extra day of flow ( 31 vs . 30) . Let me know if you have further questions . Thanks , Eric
I left you a msg , but here is the info . Call with questions .
did she get divorced yet ?
The new pub code is in ERMS . The name is GDP - HH + 2AFTA . -Eric
I though I was #1 . Enron North America Corp .
am i not good enough to be number one in your heart and in public ? are you ashamed of me ? i'll be there tomorrow night , but only if you'll be there too . Enron North America Corp .
You hated that e-mail didn't you ? Miss Sarcasm !
direct , are we ?
The league is complete . Please check your fees on the website and send me a check for what you owe . Here are the final standings and payouts ( based on what I have collected): The amounts above will change as people pay their fees . My address is If you won $ please give me your address and I will send you a check ! Thanks , The Commish
done Enron North America Corp .
No problem . Enron North America Corp .
I'm old now , but i can always find solace in the fact that you are older ! I don't know yet if I am going to go out tonight , but if I do we'll probably go to Woody's on Richmond - it used to be the velvet Elvis
Your list of items is correct . However , the entex related transport shows up on the P&L and the GL via transport expense from Tom to Ed . This number is manually booked to the GL each month by Phillip . Therefore , this revenue shows up en masse with all of the marketing desk's expense . Eric Enron North America Corp .
Yes , but I would say that the $200,000/mo during the winter is related to an HPL discount on Transport given to the marketing desk in order to make the deal more economical . Enron North America Corp .
I will be attending the lunch . -Eric x3-0977
what time ? Enron North America Corp .
I'm feeling fantastic considering I slept till 8:30 this morning . Where were you last night ?
I had a really fun time . There were probably about 10 people from work there and my bro . We stayed out until about 1:30 and then went home . I'm going to start calling you "backout" if you don't shape up .
No news on Dec yet but Nov exposure is around ( $1.6 mm) . Eric
He's doing ok . He doesn't really like his job too much . He is going to wait it out another month to see if a new position comes available . If not , he is applying with dell and gateway for positions in Austin and Colorado . I think he took a liking to one of my girl friends from work last night so I am waiting to hear about that . By the way , have you seen Enron's stock the last two days . It has gone from 53 to 72 . It 's good to work for the big E ! the big E
We have actually already called Springer to get on his "Surprise , I'm dating your brother" episode . It's a pretty good deal b/c you get an all expense paid trip to Chicago for the weekend . I am actually a multimillionare now - I'm thinking about buying that new car . Do you want one ? There is not much going on this weekend on my end - I will probably take it easy . And you ? Let me guess - you are going to try and stop by my place ( that will happen) ?
Attached is a listing of unresolved Issues between Tom and Greg Sharp . I have not included the facility charges - do you want me to add those ? Please feel free to add on to my list anything that I have left off . -Eric
Hey Kyle , Attahed is an updated version of the Entex model . -Eric
Yea , thanks for reminding me about your b-day , I nearly forgot ( ha ha ha) ! I don't know if I should come to the big birthday bash b/c it is in a shady area . What do you think ?
i copied your idea - and it screwed up your name !
shes pretty sexy , huh ? are we getting together to talk europe tonoght ?
should we tell all interested parties ?
sorry can't make it ! you are coming to the super bowl party , right ?
I show five fixed for float swaps done for September Production . The deal numbers and prices follow: Deal # Vol Swap Px Resulting Customer Px Let me know if this clears everything up . Eric Enron North America Corp .
It looks like facility charges are covered 1/2000 forward by the individual deals . Mick does not think there are any other outstanding issues for transport as a methodology has been established and agreed upon for 1/2000 forward . Enron North America Corp .
count me in Enron North America Corp .
did you get the invite to the super bowl party ?
June-August were incorrect in Sitara . I have made the necessary adjustments . Stephanie will have to reissue payments . By my calculations , Cabot owes HPL $16,050 . See Below Month Volume/d Rate was Rate Should Be Economics expense as this was pre-merger . desk's the desk's Enron North America Corp .
I think we are staying in tonight . I don't know of any big plans .
where is she going ?
Could you please schedule a meeting for Wednesday , Thurs , or Friday with the usual parties ? Thanks , Eric
Is Hill available for trade ? Let me know what on my team interests you . -Eric
You may notice that 9911 PMA's are $(208,881 ) or approx 10% to the final P&L . You will also notice that the detail following the majority of the adjustments is Unaccounted For Gas . At the close of business for the 991 P&L , we saw a gain of approx . $250,000 because of a blowout in UA4 . We thought that it would be prudent to top level this amount and use it to offset the PMA's we would take as a result of this UA4 blowout . Therefore , the net impact of 9911 PMA's is $41,119 or 2% of last day P&L . I just wanted to congratulate the team on a great P&L for the month of November . -Eric
thanks for showing up to the party on sunday . your new name backout
I need to know who of you is interested in playing in a flag football league starting in March . This is a reunion tour of our glorious victory in the Enron tournament . -Eric
Here is the updated economic exposure based on final volumetric numbers for Jan . Tom's number is $(2,250,000) . Call with questions . Eric
Carrie Jean Southard
what is your address ? I will send what I have collected ! Eric
No news on Dec yet but Nov's number for Tom is $(1,700,000) .
Do we want to go to any of the rodeo concerts ?
no gravy - ice wants to go to a day show though . maybe robert earl keen Enron North America Corp .
check the website and see who you want to see .
check out www.hlsr.com see what you want to see
i live downtown - so it would probably be quicker if i mailed it
Imelda , Could you please re-map HPL meter #0073 to the IF-HPL/Shpchan mid market curve . Please keep all other mappings for this zone and point the same . Thanks , Eric
i had a really fun weekend . we went to chuy's and gallant knight on friday , a work party and black swan on saturday , and had the super bowl party on about 20-25 people showed up to the party , so it was a fairly big success . of course , you didn't show up so it wasn't as successful as it could have been . how was yours ?
whatever , are you saying that my evite skills aren't up to par ? i am planning on going sunday . what time ? i think michael is coming with me . everything else is good , i got my year-end review and compensation stuff . how about you and the fam ?
Hey Danny , Here is a prospective roster for Flag Football . All are Enron employees . Eric Bass Brian Hoskins Tim Blanchard Matt Lenhart Luis Mena Jeff Gossett Ken Shulklapper Amir Ahanchian Nick Hiemstra Can you tell us what night the games will be on ? When do you need the due ? Thanks , Eric
Could you please add Kyle Etter and Victor Guggenheim to all future social club events ? Thanks , Eric
did you have a good birthday weekend ?
I hope you were only thinking good things ! I had a pretty good weekend . I got to see my extended family in Fairfield . Did you ever meet my cousin Chuck and his wife Shelley ? They have the cutest kids ( Becca and Cullen) . So , I spent a lot of time with them . I had fun at your birthday party ! When do I get to take you to PF's for lunch ?
Here is the info .
Michael is a happily married man . He would never think about any other girl but Sheila - or so he tells me . Now , I , on the other hand . Uhhhhh . .. . wait , never mind ! I am free pretty much every day for lunch this week , I won't know until later in the week about next week .
Here is some info on steamboat . I haven't checked affair yet . The Sunburst cono looks reasonable !
Someone I know just put in a bid on priceline for a long weekend in colorado and got tickets for $185 RT . If we get enough people together and everyone is flexible we could use priceline .
i'm ready . we could try to do it over president's day at the earliest or the last weekend in feb . who is going ? Enron North America Corp .
It only takes about 10 minutes to get to highland village from here . I can go anytime between 11-1ish . Not too much exciting going on here . I did start somewhat of a new position today - expanded responsibilities . I went up to the trading floor this morning . I will be doing half days from now on .
Effective date of your current rotation 8/24/98 Current business unit name ENA Company number or GL 413 Supervisor name Brenda Herod Supervisor's Assistant's name Yvette Connevey Assistant's Phone 35953
that's good news about the location . i'll have to come visit you . how is artillery school going ? have you gotten to blow shit up yet ? later
i didn't go either - today is legs and lower abs . i'll probably go after work if i can .
Got any good stock picks ? I will probably be able to make valentine's day .
No ! Don't leave us
This is strictly for the Intramonth P&L , correct ?
done
Then , just order for 3 . Bryan Hull , Dave Baumbach , and I will attend . Thanks , Eric
Janet , Here is the model . I have added unit costs . Let me know if you have any other questions . I still need to get the delivery locations for the CSW deal . Thanks , Eric
Here is the revised version .
You will probably have to reschedule this because Pre-Bid meeting is the same bat time .
Hey , what's up ? Are you having a good week ?
things are going fantastic . i am now knee deap in my new job and i am really enjoying it . i have a lot to do . this is a good feeling after being bored for the last 3 months .
Can you take a look at these deals this morning ?
position impact ?
I forgot my password to the statistical database . Who should I contact to find this info. ? Thanks , Eric
i can't make the 9 o'clock game
I can't make this meeting today - bid week !
Howard , Per our conversation , these are the meters that I need historical flow information on . Info for 2 years back would be helpful . Thanks , Eric
I just wanted to RSVP for the Chinese Archaeology Exhibit on March 1 . Thanks , Eric
Could you please take a look at this and coordinate with Joanie to fix ? Thanks , Eric
She's probably fucking wrong !
thats fine - just let me know when . Afternoons , 1-2 and after 3 are better for me .
3139a - i think people are going to woody's
Nothing much over here . Just trying to make a living
I'm fine . I think you read too much into me . Besides , I'm just trying to find the best way to deal with your attitude ! ( ha ! ha! )
Don't get testy . I wasn't trying to get you upset . I thought we were having a normal conversation . It just didn't seem like you were talking as much as usual .
here is what started it i thought you might enjoy this !
Per my message , here is the info on those mappings Meter # Current Trade Zone Current Curve Mapping New Trade Zone New Curve Mapping Please change both Intramonth and Mid Mkt mappings . Thanks , Eric
What are you talking about ? You sent me some gay e-mail with a hyperlink . I never read those . What's up with you ? I have been really busy with my new job but I cna't complain . I am really enjoying work again .
If you want me to take care of her , let me know . I'm not scared of her either !
you mean you don't want me to sing it anyway ?
you might want to save yourself the agony of having to listen to me sing !
Hey Danny , I will get the dues to you sometime this week . The extra guy is welcome to play on our team . Keep me posted on Uni's and schedule . Thanks , Eric
I still don't have any info on the schedule , but I do need to collect dues for the upcoming season . Dues are $5 and that includes a jersey and cost of the league . Let me know if you are still in for the season . Eric
Remember - No Kisses !
It lasts until I become sweet or you admit that you were the aggressor when we met - whichever comes first.(ha! )
backing him up on what - bryan will be in , correct ?
i can but have never done it before
that could be a dealbreaker !
are you getting a little attitude with me - you better watch your step !
the concert will not start until 9:00 - i would say go get something to eat around 7:30-8 and then go to the concert
Hook 'em !
no bitch - you don't keep in touch with me either . I actually have been pretty busy with the new job . I have a friend in IT here who said that they are looking for 200 people to fill slots . It's a hot job market over here . How's compaq doing ?
i'll give you a call after trading
shut the fuck up ! Enron North America Corp .
Do I have a Login ID and Password ? Thanks .
Hey Tobin , I need to set up a new firm book for gas . Can you please send me the required documentation ? Thanks , Eric
Here is the completed form . Is it possible to have this set up by tomorrow ? Thanks , Eric Enron North America Corp .
Can you set up a meeting ?
What , am I last on your list ? We'll have to remedy that situation real quick - it could be a dealbreaker !
probably , but talk to the guys down there
no , but your best friend , ami , will
Do you hear that ? . . . the smallest violin in the world is playing tune . see ya tonite
Hey , work is going great . i am trading now - wooohoooo! . I am really enjoying the new position . a lot more responsibility . i am going to the rodeo tonight and tomorrow ,  so that should be fun . that will bring the grand total to 5 . how are things going with you and the fam ?
I have been to see brooks & dunn , jo dee messina , and ahem rod stewart . i am going to steve miller and kenny rogers . i am actually too cool to hang out with brian now - just don't tell him i said that . i don't know about earth day yet but i suspect that i will go b/c goo goo dolls are playing .
Did you get this ?
Tom can you copy this e-mail and forward to Toorey Moorer . Can you please change the book mapping of Cary Metz's EOL ID to GD-Texas ? Thanks
Enron North America Corp .
Hey Brett , Not too much going on in H-town . I just recently started trading Natural Gas Futures . I have had three heart attacks , a stroke , and have bitten off all of my fingers in a week . Other than that things are going pretty well . I should be in town for easter , so if you want to get together , lemme know . How is artillery school going ? out
thats it
i can probably get together around 4:30 ish Enron North America Corp .
tell your roommate to shut her big mouth !
we won both games , of course . i was 3-6 with a double off the fence - and you missed it ! One guy on our team hit a home run in back-back at bats .
I guess that feeling is similar to the one you get whenever you are around me . You just don't know what to say .
brutal !
The world is treating me ok . It's just that I can't stop losing money . It hasn't been a very good start to my trading life . What is going on in your world ? I hope to make it out to the house sometime soon . Love , Eric
looks like i'm going to have to drink a lot on your date tonight . i do have something to look fwd to - that is another longhorn victory tonight . HOOK 'EM
no - i'm looking fwd to you shacking tonight
Enron North America Corp .
what - you can't tell me this over the phone - so you have to write a chicken shit e-mail . what's that about ?
can't make it
i don't think so
BRUTAL ! Enron North America Corp .
Check out the outlook . "A couple of wins" means a sweet 16 berth . Doesn't look good for LSU !
Tim is once again proving how hard work is over there at EES . Keep holding the stock price back . I am , however , impressed that you were still at work at 3:50 though . By the way , I am taking bets from all comers . So , put your money where your mouth is ! Hook 'em Enron North America Corp .
asshole Enron North America Corp .
lets make it worthwhile - how about $500 ? Enron North America Corp .
I don't know about meter 4486 , but the other three are good . In addition , meter 5792 is another meter that is serviced in the Lufkin-Diboll area . Enron North America Corp .
Phil , Can you provide me with the most recent Entex Deferral Balance ? Thanks
Things are going well here . I have been pretty busy losing lots of money at work . Brian and Hector are going to Europe at the end of the month , but I can't go because of work . It doesn't bother me that much though . I will probably try to take a trip over there in May . On top of that I am thinking about a cruise this summer some time . Brian and I are actually moving this weekend to a new apartment within the Park at Midtown . Brian recently got his bike stolen from the balcony , so we are going to move to an interior apartment . Of course , I wouldn't expect you to relate to any of this because you have never seen my apartment . Oh well , I guess you have your priorities . Other than that , not a whole lot going on . How are things with you and the
When is graduation ? And , of course I will show up . Although , if I recall , you didn't show up for mine ! You can send the announcement to 2512 Milam St . #5216 , 77006 . I haven't heard of the advertising firm . What kind of projects do they work on ? I am going to Earth Day . Are you ? Are you bringing Rebecca again this year ? We will probably go out to Kenneally's , Griff's or Birraporetti's for St . Patty's day . What about you ?
Here is my bracket . I will bring the money down around 10:30 .
Market deals are only captured in accrual value calculations if they are in the wellhead portfolio . I do not recall any sales currently in the wellhead portfolio . However , I do not see a problem with the market deals unless they were marked improperly ( e.g . accrual adders) . -EB Enron North America Corp .
Everything is working . Thanks for the help . Eric
FYI . There might be some back office issues with this .
how was the well this weekend ? Enron North America Corp .
i have his marathon pictures up as wallpaper on my computer . he is so sexy with his shirt off . did you have a good weekend ? do you still want to get togehter after work sometime this week ? lemme know
Sorry about the headache . I hear that slamming your head against the wall is good for getting rid of migraines . Oh wait that's what I do at work to help me think about something other than losing lots of money - never mind . Thurs is probably best then - if not then maybe next week .
I'm sorry , I forgot that you were clairvoyant . I don't think you can make a case that you were smart for betting me without the points . That's like me saying that Enron's stock is trading at 70 why don't I buy it for 80 b/c I am confident that it is going to 90 . That's real smart . No wonder EES loses money ! Enron North America Corp .
what sounds good . next week or thurs ?
Dolores , I have signed up for the CFA exam in June . Who do I need to talk to to get a reimbursement ? Thanks , Eric
do you want me to go ?
i will go if you want me to - does that sound familiar ?
Luis , I haven't heard when the season is supposed to start , but it should be in early April . So , I will try to schedule a practice . Let me know when you are back . Eric
Have you heard anything on the sitara issues ? Thanks , Eric
aren't we presumptious . of course i want to see you tonight . but i have to work out before coming over ! what are you making me for dinner ? and do you want me to bring over a movie ? and , by the way , you have my permission to go to your little crawfish boil on sat .
What the fuck is up with that ?
i'm getting really freaking tired of being last on your e-mail lists !
Yea . I will be there . What time again ?
Hey Lisa , Long time no hear ! I guess you are too cool for all of us little people now . Brenda is looking for someone to fill Bryan Hull's spot in risk when he leaves . I know that you are looking for a rotation , so I was wondering if you have an interest . Let me know . Eric
last again.. .
Our first game of the new season will be Monday night . I do not have the time yet , but will let you know . Please let me know if you are still interested in playing and whether you will be available Monday or not . Thanks , Eric
The game is at 8:45 on Monday@ the Post Oak YMCA . Let me know if you can make it .
Will you be able to make it to the game tonight ? It is at 8:45 at the Post Oak YMCA . Let me know . Eric
We have seven as of now . If you want to play , you will play the whole game . Let me know .
The game is at 8:45 at the Post Oak YMCA . The Post Oak YMCA is outside the loop at the corner of San Felipe and Augusta . We have eight as of now , so make sure and let me know if you can't make it for any reason .
Please try to make it tonight by 7:45 to go over some things .
Our first flag football game is tonight ! Are you in ?
FYI
no , we are fine
Dale , Have you heard anything more on the 5 X 24s ? We would like to get this product out ASAP . Thanks , Eric
Dale , Ed Gottlob would like to set up a meeting with all of the necessary counterparties in order to discuss this product . Can you find out when a good time would be ? Thanks , Eric
FYI
sorry
I would like to sign up for the lottery for all four days . Thanks , Eric Enron North America Corp .
It doen't matter to me .
I will play if the street thug doesn't
Thought you might find this interesting !
I don't know the YMCA's policy on rain outs so I will assume that we still have a game tonight . Our game is at 7:45 tonight . Please let me know if you will be there . Eric
Hey I just got your msg from friday . I left at around three . How was your weekend ? Did you make it to earth day ? Talk to you later .
Tonight's game has been cancelled
Dale , The Texas Desk needs to get a new product created . We already have a baseload Index Corpus product . We need to create a DAY Corpus product with the same parameters as this baseload product . Also , anything new on the 5 X 24 ? Thanks , Eric
I don't know . I haven't heard anything . You might want to talk to superfan (  aka Chad )
what's up with the migraines ? that is two weekends in a row ! the concert was good - we left a little bit before the goo goo dolls finished - i got to hear black ballon and name - so i was happy . i felt sick this weekend too - so mine was pretty uneventful - i just lounged most of the weekend . I did get to go to a game at my new field ( Enron) . It is a great place to see a ballgame . You really can appreciate the difference between Enron Field and the Astrodome . I left early on Friday b/c I am a shooter : ) The Fam is great and Jason has not found a new job yet . Phew ! I think I got all of them ( the questions , that is) .
The new product will be a day product like our current Katy and HSC Pool products , so it will be a fixed price product for next day gas delivered at the Corpus location . Call with questions .
Did you make your reservation ?
Tom has come to a decision on what to do with the ubiquitous accrual value . 60% of this value should be credited to Greg's Transport expense on a monthly basis . Tom , in turn , will cover Ed on this portion of the expense . For example: Accrual Value comes out to be $300,000 for the month of April . This means that: Greg's portion of this value is 60% of $300,000 = $180,000 Tom's portion of this value is 40% of $300,000 = $120,000 Greg's Transport Expense is ( $700,000 ) So , Tom will cover $180,000 of this expense Greg's adjusted Expense is ( $520,000 ) Greg's P&L is net better off by the $180,000 of accrual value Tom's P&L is net better off by $120,000 of accrual value which had not been previously recognized . Ed's P&L is net unchanged from all of the above . Call with questions . Eric
Hey , I tried to call you . I need Brandi's Work # , Home # and Social Security # .
What do I look like - a key map ? Take Allen Parkway to Shepherd . Make a right on Shepherd and a quick left on Memorial . Follow Memorial all the way to the park . I don't know which side you will play on b/c both sides have fields .
i will go
Jill , I was wondering if I could get some information on the Costilla deal , specifically the repurchase option . I need to know the term , locations , volume and strike price of the call . Thanks , Eric
There is not enough data on it to make an educated decision . It looks like they have the backing of an I-bank to place some more stock so that is somewhat encouraging . You are going to have to make your own call on this one . If you like the idea and you think they can execute , then go for it .
That sounds good . We will be there !
Melissa , Here are the accrual values for Q1 . More details to follow . Feb- $289,305 Eric Enron North America Corp .
Melissa , Those numbers are all inclusive for the wellhead portfolio . Sharp's number is embedded within those . His number is estimated at approx $170,000/mo . I will follow up with these specific details . Eric
I don't think 5:15 is a great time for us , but don't let us keep you from going to the show . If you want to go to the early show , we won't be offended . We can do something another time . We would love to do something with you if you decide against the 5:15 show .
No . I went last year and it was more packed than on a regular day .
Melissa , As you know , as of Jan 01 , 2000 the Wellhead Portfolio has been segregated from the rest of HPLC's Physical Portfolio . As a result of this segregation , it has become much easier to analyze and manipulate this data so that monthly "accrual value" can be determined . This analysis has resulted in the realization that the Wellhead Potfolio creates approximately $275,000 of accrual value per month . The main drivers of this accrual value are deals that have rolled into evergreen status , accrual term deals , actual volumes greater than booked , half cent bid to mid spread , incorrect markings , and value withheld from MTM because of accrual costs . Of the above , Greg Sharp will receive value associated with evergreen/accrual deals , actual volumes greater than or less than booked , and deals incorrectly marked . Tom will keep value associated with his half cent bid to mid and accrual value needed to pay accrual costs ( such as gas quality issues) . The breakout of this value has been on average 60% to Greg and 40% to Tom . The following is a breakdown of 1st quarter accrual value . January- Total Accrual Value = $266,504 Greg's Value Tom's Value Evergreen Value = $140,750 Bid to Mid Accrual Value = $53,000 Accrual Costs Incorrect Marking = ( $105,000 ) Total Value = $148,750 February- Total Accrual Value = $289,305 Greg's Value Tom's Value Evergreen Value = $145,000 Bid to Mid Accrual Value = $62,000 Accrual Costs Incorrect Marking = ( $95,000 ) Total Value = $177,000 March - Total Accrual Value = $292,145 Greg's Value Tom's Value Evergreen Value = $147,000 Bid to Mid Accrual Value = $59,000 Accrual Costs Incorrect Marking = ( $100,000 ) Total Value = $172,000 Let me know if you have any questions . Eric Enron North America Corp .
What I am really looking for is a way to save monthly production data by county for the entire state for all of the data . Unfortunately , saving the data like you mentioned wouldn't save me that much time . Thanks for your help . Eric Bass
Hear is the info . Let me know if you have any further questions .
Enron North America Corp .
Thanks for the information . We are using it to try to get a sense of the increase in demand created by this new generation . I have cross referenced some of your info with some info from the power desk . this info is attached . In addition , it would be helpful to get a copy of the maps you mentioned below . Please let me know when you can send the maps . Thanks , Eric Enron North America Corp .
Are you excited about the sequel ? Don't worry , I'll go se it with you . I know you are excite about the reunion , so I won't even ask about that . EB
things are going well . i still haven't gotten your graduation invite . unless i'm not invited anymore . .. .
that is the website i like! !
Thought you might be interested in this !
We have a game tonight at 6:45 . Please try to be there by 6:30 . Let me know whether or not you will be at the game . Eric
be there on time beaaaaaccccccccchhhhhh Enron Investment Partners
Tom Martin
Here is the wh data . I have included the file for February only . Keep in mind that some deals , such as Costilla , have multiple tickets in the system so it is impossible to estimate accrual revenue/expense in the system accurately . I have made top level adjustments to these deals .
i bet you score over 200 !
55 - how about you ?
liar
jesus . you must have had sex with a cousin Enron North America Corp .
This looks good . All we need is to get it into production . Thanks , Eric
No problem . I didn't go out last night - just had a quiet evening . I am having a great day - work wise . Are you going to the shell open ?
i am going tomorrow
No thanks . I have a bunch from work already . Are you going to any of it ?
I'll probably go to the tour and , if weather permits , the game . Enron Capital Management
We had fun . Shanna got sick , though , so we left around 1 . You ?
Dale , On the new Gas Daily product that you are setting up , I think it would be a good idea to have a Nymex reference in the short description . Something like , US Gas Daily NX GD/D HSC . In addtion , we need two new index locations set up , Carthage hub and Agua Dulce hub . Please contact Todd Richardson for further details on these . Thanks for your help .
We need these locations set up to trade financial products for now . We will be trading physical at Carthage but firmness is not a problem there . Agua Dulce firmness may be a problem for physical , but as of now we are only going to trade it financially .
Here are the numbers Enron North America Corp .
he forgot the address sorry : ( try bankrate.com
Any news ? we would like to trade that this bid week Thanks , Eric
We will trade this product every day , but we aim to start trading it this bid week , if possible . Eric
Please let me know whether or not you will be there . Please try to be there by 8:15 .
Earl , James McKay referred me to you for information regarding historical throughput numbers on HPL . Ed Gottlob and I are looking at ways to hedge the pipe and need this data as far back as can accurately be obtained . Thanks , Eric
I really just need historical throughput , especially third party , to the major market areas . I am going to analyze this data from a temperature correlation perspective to see if we can use weather derivatives to hedge throughput exposure . Data as far back as can be pulled accurately would be helpful . Call with questions . Thanks , Eric Enron North America Corp .
I need a gas daily monthly index to be set up for both Carthage Hub and Agua Dulce Hub . We will be trading basis swaps off of this differential . Call with questions . Thanks , Eric
there you go , i like being first on your list
i forget
ask mom
Sorry I didn't call you last night . I didn't get home until 10 and brian was on the phone untill 11 , so I figured you were asleep by then . I'll give you a call later .
Facility fees should be part of the accrual value that fall's out each month (  as long as the deals are in the WH portfolio) . This value should not be given to Sharp unless he bears the cost of the facilities . There is a file in my folder that has a listing of some of the deals that have facility fees . For further info contact Vance Taylor . ( the file is called fac costs ) In addition , I am forwarding an e-mail sent by George Weissman to me regarding accrual value . He thinks that the Coastal Deal that shows up as a huge negative each month should have been restructured in April . Could you check into this and get back to him ? Thanks , Eric Enron Capital Management
in
My supervisor is Thomas A . Martin .
i just slept on it wrong so i couldn't move it to the left on friday . how was the graduation and the party . i am sorry i missed it .
i will probably be able to make it .
thought you might appreciate
Any news ? Eric
it says that on the schedule , we will find out tonight
by the way , i think luis is out of town . so , if you want , you are the qb . let me know
can't find his name in the address book - you fwd it
We are going to be rolling out a new product on EOL starting this bidweek . This product will be for physical delivery only on the weekdays ( no weekend delivery) . Currently , the EOL/Sitara Bridge cannot handle this type of logic , so these deals will have to be input manually . Let me know if you have further questions . Eric
Any news on this data ? -Eric
only if you go
wrong address for my brother , he doesn't work for comopaq . and quit putting me last
attitude
i want to get a job at comopaq too !
this is a great memo brian , i am so proud of you . did you write this ?
did i win my bet ?
why the hell were you invited ?
i have to go to a work thing saturday night but i will be up for going out after dinner
are you going to actually send the schedule ?
we might get together a little earlier depending on the time of the TEXAS/lsu game ! and it is margaritas , babe !
i haven't heard anything , i am waiting to hear . the reg season is over but we may have a tourney
Thanks .
I am trying to create the WkD for other areas beside HPL/HSX E but keep getting an error msg for length . Is there a way to truncate these products so that we can trade them on eol ? Thanks , Eric
That looks good , but I need an index based product for July for the HPL/HSX Pool ( not the east pool ) Thanks , Eric
we will make but won't be there till around 6:30 ish
let me know if you want me to bring something . love
I don't need to talk shit about the game . I will let the Longhorns do the talking for me on Saturday . By the way , you can probably see your reflection in that surfboard by now .
It may not be rocket science , but not everyone can hack it . Isn't that why you left the wholesale side of the business ? Besides somebody has to take up the slack for EES . Let the me know when you need some earnings to cover your loss for the quarter , I'm sure I can spare some out of my book !
I guess it isn't as tough as EES , you're right . I would hate to have to come to work at 9:00 am and leave at 5:00 everyday . I guess I just had this opportunity fall in my lap because I never have added the kind of value that you did while in risk or EES . I guess that is why I got offered a promotion to stay and you were sent packing to Enron Siberia . P.S . Shanna has another skank friend coming in town this weekend , maybe you can hook up !
You had to hit below the belt . We were having a friendly shit talking contest , which , by the way , you started , and then you took the gloves off . What's up with that ?
you know that all of us ( Matt , Chad , and I)are just fucking with you about the EES bullshit . if it bothers you that much then say something about it . as far as my comments on your performance here , i was just kidding . i know that brenda thinks the world of you and that you wouldn't have stayed even if invited , besides , i learned from the intramonth guru himself . i was just trying to defend myself because you were saying that all i do is follow tom's lead . and , by the way , i did not make a comment about ees until you brought up the cfa . i know that you , matt , and chad think that i had nerves and that is why i didn't take the test , but why the hell would i have nerves about a test that has no bearing whatsoever on my future . so quit the bullshit , and , TEXAS will still beat the shit out of LSU on Sat .
You're done , Hale is starting on Sat . LSU doesn't stand a chance !
This reimbursement is for the CFA test . I am in the analyst program , do I need to get my direct supervisor to sign off or get someone in the analyst program to sign ? Thanks , Eric
guess who sent me this ! it actually is pretty interesting to see how other companies value their analysts , though .
We are meeting at Chuy's at 7:00 tonight to celebrate Tim's 30th Birthday ! Be there or be square
are you coming or not bitch ?
Crash and burn Louisville courtship of Rockets in jeopardy Associated Press HOUSTON * The bid by Louisville , Ky. , to land the Houston Rockets appears to have fallen through . Jefferson County in Kentucky on Monday declined to join a three-pronged proposal that would publicly finance a downtown basketball arena . The plan suggested the city , county and state each issue up to $30 million in bonds to cover a portion of an arena that could cost $220 million . The arena would be built to attract the Rockets or another professional basketball team . Team officials visited with Louisville business and government leaders lastmonth . The Rockets have also been in negotiations with Baltimore , New Orleaand St . Louis , but Louisville was the only city to publicly court the team . City officials wanted to submit a proposal to the Rockets by Tuesday , but the county indicated it wasn't ready to participate in the plan , the Houston Chronicle reported Tuesday . "Please do not issue any statements of commitment , or send a memorandum ofunderstanding at this time on behalf of the county," Jefferson County Judge/Executive Rebecca Jackson wrote in a letter that was delivered to Louisville Mayor David Armstrong . The letter , dated Monday , was also signed by the county's three commissioners . The Rockets declined comment on the development , but denied ever giving Louisville attorney J . Bruce Miller a deadline to submit a proposal . Meanwhile Monday , about 35 protesters chanted "don't pick our pockets to pafor the Rockets!" in front of the county courthouse in Louisville to protesspending public money on an arena . The Rockets have been considering a move since November , when voters in Houston rejected a plan to build them a $160 million arena .
I am trying to pull together a report on the future of the gas market in Texas . I was wondering if you have a report that shows new generation coming on in the next 3-4 years as well as a report that shows current generation . The names of the companies building/owning the facilities is not important . The most important data is MW capacity as well as type of generation ( i.e. , natural gas , coal , etc. ) Do you have this information ? Thanks , Eric
I am taking Dad to dinner for Father's Day tommorow . Do you want to come ?
Those look good , thanks . Eric
sounds good
Let me know if you can pull this info together . Thanks , Eric
what does that mean ? Enron North America Corp .
what are you talking about ? Enron North America Corp .
Celeste , I am writing to get some clarification on how the recent changes to the program affect my eligibility for promotion . At the end of last year you informed me that I was not eligible for promotion to associate until the mid year review ( my 2 year anniversary) . It was my impression that the only reason that I was held back from promotion into the associate program was tenure . Now , after reading the memo , it seems as if I will not be eligible for promotion to associate until I complete 3 years in the program . I am wondering if I am still eligible for promotion to associate during this PRC ? Thank you in advance for your prompt attention to this matter . Eric Bass
fitting story
all you need to do is input your notional positions in the yellow fields
It is coming up on that time again . The most glorious time of year . The time of the year when life begins anew . No , not spring , FOOTBALL SEASON ! That being said , it is time to start thinking about fantasy football again . I need to know who of you is interested in playing again , and any suggestions on rule changes ( i.e . scoring , fees , etc.) . I was thinking about having the draft in late August . Let me know if you have any friends that you think might want to play . -Eric
By the way I am going to kick all of you asses this year
let me see how many are interested . i am aiming for 12 and i already have at least 10 ( hull , you , me , jason , mick , harry , hector , matt , gary lam. , ramiro ) Enron Capital Management
here is the correspondence so far
i'm going to kick your ass at practice just like i kicked your ass last year at fantasy football
i expected a better reply from you
Looks like the only game I can make is the Alabama game Louisiana State Tigers schedule/results ( All times Eastern. ) September 9/2 Western Carolina at Louisiana State TBA 9/9 Houston at Louisiana State 8 p.m . 9/16 Louisiana State at Auburn 7 p.m . at Louisiana State TBA 9/30 Tennessee at Louisiana State TBA October 10/7 Louisiana State at Florida TBA 10/14 Kentucky at Louisiana State 9 p.m . 10/21 Mississippi State at Louisiana State TBA November 11/4 Alabama at Louisiana State TBA 11/11 Louisiana State at Mississippi TBA 11/25 Louisiana State at Arkansas 2 p.m . September at Texas TBA 9/16 Texas at Stanford 10:15 p.m . 9/23 Houston at Texas TBA 9/30 Oklahoma State at Texas TBA October 10/7 Texas at Oklahoma 3:30 p.m . 10/14 Texas at Colorado TBA 10/21 Missouri at Texas TBA 10/28 Baylor at Texas TBA November 11/4 Texas at Texas Tech TBA 11/11 Texas at Kansas TBA at Texas TBA
looks like classes begin aug 14 .
check out this site . louise starts school aug 14 , so if we all go it would have to be before then .
don't worry about it : )
hey , long time no hear ! how have you been ? how was the trip ? i had fantastic time on my cruise . unfortunately , i got back on sunday and it was straight to work on monday . i'm assuming you didn't take up permanent residence in Belize , so , if you didn't , drop me a line .
by the way we are going to see either the patriot or the perfect storm tonight - so decide !
i think this is a call for help . maybe you should provide with some service tonight ?
It looks like we have our 12 teams . We will probably keep the same rules from last year unless anybody has an objection . Still to be determined are league fees , draft date ,  and free agent pickup protocol . I suggest that we draft on August 27th at the Enron building on floor 26 . For those of you that can't make it , you can draft over the internet . We will be using cbs sportsline again - I think that will be $8/person . Let me know if anyone has a problem with the draft date , i.e . can't make it , too early , too late . If not , THE MEXIMULLETS look forward to a return to Prominence this year . You all do not stand a chance ! -Eric
im thinking perfect storm
don't worry about it
what day is good for you ?
There are some conflicts with the draft date , so we will probably need to have it on a different date . Please tell me if you prefer 9/2 (  the day before the season starts ) or 8/20 . We could also do it during the week , but it will probably takle 3 or 4 hrs . Let me know suggestions .
Hector , I invitate you touch my big , beautiful , American breasts !
The new draft date is 8/20 by overwhelming majority . Stay tuned for further details .
i told you so !
We have had a request to change from a draft to an auction system for acquiring players . Please take a look at www.fanball.com and take the links to the auction (  I think it is Auctions A-Z ) and let me know which option you think is better .
By popular vote , we will have a draft instead of an auction and the draft will take place on 8/20 . Rules to follow . Eric
Michael , Wednesday afternoon after 3:00 would be good for me . Let me know if this works for you . Eric
Last year we played with a mandatory Tight End . Do you want to continue this Also , I need to know if you would prefer to determine the draft order prior to the draft . I would prefer to do this b/c it gives the opportunity to plan and trade your picks . Let me know . Eric
Just in case you were interested . Here is some of the correspondence that is going on .
Here is the analysis that I completed . Let me know if you have questions . Eric Enron North America Corp .
By unanimous vote we will pre-determine the draft order . So , if nobidy has any objections , I will pick the draft order here at work under the scrutinhy Also , by majority vote , will have a required tight end posn . Meaning the Please e-mail back if you are ok with me picking the draft order . Eric
it will probably be today sometime
Here it is . 3 . Bryan Hull 4 . Mick Walters 7 . Eric Bass 9 . Jason Bass 10 . Phillip Love 11 . Ramiro
You're right . We cheated by trying to screw everyone who isn't fortunate enough to work at Enron . Give it a rest . The order was determined by an impartial 3rd party .
I will give you my 3rd and 9th round picks for your 2nd . Let me know .
I would like to trade for your 2nd pick in the draft . I can offer you a 2nd round pick and a 9th round pick . What do you think ? Eric
I offered you my 1 and 3 for your 1 and 4 . I can throw in my 5 for your 6 . Let me know . Eric
Am I going to be able to get these out on the website today ? Eric
So , what you got ?
you realize that who plove takes is irrelevant b/c your are going to take the best player available at either slot . It is what you think you can make up with the additional picks . besides , both of us are at equal risk to who plove picks
I am trying to activate this HSC-Hehub product but keep getting an error that says "product is not tradeable" . Is it ready to go yet ? If not , when ? Thanks , Eric
How about the 24th and 31st pick for the 13th ?
Can you approve the bom+1 product for HSC-Hehub ? Thanks , Eric
you had this guy too ? i'm glad i had someone in tax representing me . i had to explain to him what trading was .
i will recap at the draft
kiss my ass now bitch !
there have only been 2 ( both by matt ) is 1,14 for ploves 1,3,8- then matt's 1,3 ( his original ) for dave's 1
I have a new cell phone number . It is 713-628-3104 .
what is your home phone # ?
what is your cell phone # ?
hey mom , not much new here . i made a pittance of what i have lost over the last two weeks back today . what is going on on the home front ?
hey dad , i finally got work to pay for my phone . i have been doing pretty well , despite the vast amounts of money that i have lost at work . performance reviews are going today and i am hoping for a promotion to associate , so keep your fingers crossed .
i finally got work to pay for a new phone i forgot to tell you that performance reviews are happening today , and i am hoping for a promotion to associate , so wish me luck .
Our League Site has been set up . It is the same site as last year . Please take some time to Change your team name and logo . In addition , for those new players , the rules are listed on the site . Let me know if you have questions . The league abbreviation is kourn . Eric
What would you say to the 24th ( 2nd round ) and the 31st ( 3rd round ) picks for your 2nd and your 6th pick ?
The 24th ( 2 ) pick and the 42nd ( 4 ) pick for your 2nd round and your 7th round ?
who do you want me to invite and for what time ?
I don't know yet , I will probably know sometime next week . I will keep you posted !
did you talk to christen ? what does she want to do tonight ?
i guess it is free no matter what
We are going to meet at El Tiempo tonight for drinks at around 9:00 - 9:30 . Let me know if you can make it . Eric
The El Tiempo on Richmond .
You should be ok , try again . Enron North America Corp .
after the game
i'm in , is this on saturday ?
Here is the bbq that I was talking about on Saturday . Let me know if you want to go .
I couldn't find your phone number in the system . Here is a list of what I have compiled: Eddie Reets - Basis Joey Stanton - Tx Physical Vince Garcia - Gulf Physical Tom Jania - Northeast Physical -Eric
you are living in the past . those guys are too old to help denver's pitiful excuse of a team now .
I will be happy to help . Mike , please give me a call at 3-0977 and we can set up a time that is good for you to observe . Eric Enron North America Corp .
I know you had asked for some info on Texas previously . Sorry it is so late , but here is a map of Tx pieplines . The most notable ( that are no on the current pipeline map ) are Oasis , Lonestar , Valero , and HPL . Thanks , Eric
here you go , tell me what you think . i spent a lot of time on this
Two boys are playing football near Fayetteville , AR , when one of the boys is attacked by a rabid Rottweiler . Thinking quickly , the other boy rips a board off of a nearby fence , wedges it down the dog's collar and twists , breaking the dog's neck and saving his friend's life . A reporter who was strolling by sees the incident and rushes over to interview the boy . "YOUNG RAZORBACK FAN SAVES FRIEND FROM VICIOUS ANIMAL" he starts writing in his notebook . "But I'm not a Razorback fan," the little hero replies . "Sorry," says the reporter , "since you live near Fayetteville , I just assumed you were." The reporter begins writing again , "BRAVE ARKANSAS STATE FAN RESCUES FRIEND FROM HORRIFIC ATTACK." The boy replies , "I'm not an Arkansas State fan , either." "Oh . I assumed that everyone in Arkansas was either a Razorback fan or an Arkansas State fan . You must be a University of Central Arkansas fan." The reporter starts writing again "YOUNG UCA FAN SAVES FRIEND FROM MAD DOG." The boy said , "I'm not a UCA fan either." "Well , if you are not for the U of A , State , or UCA , just what team DO you root for?" the reporter asked . "Why , I'm an LSU fan!" the child replies . The reporter starts a new sheet in his notebook: "LITTLE ILLITERATE COONASS KILLS BELOVED FAMILY PET."
I know that Christa sent an e-mail about this a couple of weeks ago , but I wanted to follow up . Does anyone have any interest in going to Austin Friday night and then going tubing in New Braunfels on Saturday . Let me know . Forward this to anyone you think mught be interested . -Eric
have you started building your model yet ?
it doesn't look good for austin , how is your aunt ?
We are going to have the draft on 8/20 . However , we still need to decide where and at what time . I would prefer to have the draft around noon . We can have the draft at a bar ( BW-3 ) or at the enron building ( access to the internet) . Please let me know ASAP . -Eric
by popular vote , the draft will take place at noon on 8/20 at BW-3 in rice village .
alright , no more memos about bw3 sucking w/o suggesting an alternative . matt , you won't be there , so your input is worthless bryan , two rows isn't conducive to big groups , so pick some place else .
Matt told me he is going to draft an lsu player with the first pick - Eddie
As Enron reaches new highs ( 82) , I hope you took my advice to buy it at 74 . Did you ?
i am doing great . i am going to get my neck checked out again today (  i can't beilieve you gave me those faulty genes) . i am sure you know that toni woke up yesterday , she is cognizant and responsive but still can't speak or move . i will keep you updated . how are you ? love ,
by the way , buy it now b/c it is going to 100 by year end .
i have not gotten a good response so i think shanna and i are going to stay in town . the weather is going to be fine , hector was just blowing smoke .
you know that both o'neal and matt are out ?
what's up with the biz ? is he an associate ?
i think we should be able to make it out on saturday for lunch . maybe around i don't have any news on toni , she is still on a respirator but is responsive . i'll keep you posted .
dinner is fine too . is jason going to make it ?
Starting Lineups for the league will include 1 Def for hector , lenny and brian 1 Quarterback ( he throws the ball ) 2 Running Backs ( they run the ball ) 3 Wide Receivers ( they catch ball ) 1 Tight End ( they catch and block ) 1 Kicker 1 Defensive team
17 players on the roster
actually , i was thinking about an early dinner , like 4-4:30 ? let me know
i was going to watch the saints game with some friends at 7 .
here is our website the rules are on the site at the bottom of the page we will start our draft is next sunday at noon at BW-3 in rice
Brian , Hector , and Lenny have dropped out ( what a shocker) . Steve Venturatos has graciously offered to take their place . Thanks Steve .
thanks , again , for calling me back last night !
I am taking a vote on if we need to redraw the draft order . Some , have said that it is not fair for Steve to be handed the 6th slot . Let me know what you think . -Eric
did you buy enron this morning ?
he probably doesn't want to redraw because he knows he can't possibly rip you off any more than he already has !
By popular vote , we will not redraw . Our draft will take place , this Sunday at 11:45 am at BW-3 in Rice Village .
in order to counter offer , you must have had an offer . if you remember , you offered me a lesser trade than that already my counter offer is 4,7,10 for your 2 , 8
I will be at the dinner on Thursday . Thanks , Eric
no ican't do that . how about my 4 and 7 for your 2
alright , how about my 4 and 7 for your 2
can't do it ,  but i am willing to do my 4 and 7 for your 2
How do I go about getting my logon id and password ? I seem to have deleted the e-mail that was sent out . Thanks , Eric Bass
what do you want for it ?
my 2 and 11
how about the final pick in the 2nd and my third for your 2nd and your 4th
you might as well cut your losses . you are not going to get over on someone as badly as matt got over on you . so you might as well bite the bullet and make a trade that actually is good for your team
its called bargaining , how is me giving up a 2 and a 3 good for me ? Its not , I am trying to figure out what you are willing to take
i have to swing the other side of it ,  i'll let you know
the other side backed out
what do you want for your 4th round pick
what do you want for your 4th round pick ?
what do you want for one of your 3rd round picks ?
what do you want for your 3rd round pick ?
what do you want for your 3rd round pick
i need to talk to you about the tv . on the trade - i will give you my 6 and 12 for your 4 let me know
i am going to get x-rays on friday or saturday , so you can stop worrying . things are sucking right now on the market , so i can't say that i am enjoying my job , but i am looking forward to the fantasy football draft on sunday . shann started her new job today . she is a little stressed about the increase in workload . she is going to visit the family this weekend , so i have a weekend on my own . maybe i can come out this weekend to visit (  if you can fit me in) . i had a great time last saturday . how are things in your world ?
I would be willing to swap 1st round picks with you for your 1 and a high 4th round pick Let me know
watch it !
I want to trade you a 4th , 6th and 8th round pick for your 2nd . Let me know what you think
Chris , Do you have the RRC historical production data ? -Eric
bryan and i have a work dinner to go to , but we are on to get loaded tomorrow .
well ?
We have a new flag football season starting up in september . Let me know if you are still interested in playing . If you are , I need $5 from everyone . -Eric
not sure yet , i am hearing maybe on thurs . i'll let you know
don't know yet probably thurs . are you still in tonight - i think probably 2 rows
tell gillette about tonight b/c she was asking last night
what do you think ?
Remember , the draft is this Sunday at 11:45 am at BW-3 in Rice Village . Please try to be there on time so we can start promptly . -Eric
I have inputted rosters and set schedules . Please check you rosters !
What do you want for tony gonzalez ?
i will give you walls and terrence wilkins
so , there is nothing on my team that you are willing to give up gonzo for , i find that hard to believe
i repeat , uou have no offer ?
What do you want for Randy Moss ?
so you are basically saying that you wouldn't take stephen davis for gonzo
your team is so bad
i thought we decided that was during the season - up until the season starts it is free .
since my team sucks so bad , i want to bet you $1000 that i have a better record than you this year
I was thinking that there would be a moratorium on the bidding process for free agents until the start of the season . If you disagree , let me know . The moratorium will last until noon on Wednesday , August 30th . You can have no more than 17 players on your roster at any time .
Your running backs suck . I will give you Raymont Harris and Wayne Chrebet for Freeman .
we will make it effective today so that , you can't stockpile players
How about Raymont , Bill Schroeder and Wayne Chrebet for Freeman ?
What do you think ? chrebet,dillon
any counter ? Enron Capital Management
Alright , I think this is a good deal for you ! You get Depth at Receiver and Depth at Running Back . Dillon , Chrebet , Schroeder , and Raymont Harris or Lamar Smith FOR Williams , Hayes , and Robert Smith What do you think ? Enron Capital Management
Please take time to answer a new poll on the website !
What do you want for Fred Taylor - do you see he is out for the first 2 weeks ?
Muhsin Muhammed and Elvis Grbac for Jeff Garcia , Raymont Harris , and Wayne Gives you starting QB and depth at RB ( all 4 of your RBs will likely not play week 1 and maybe 2) . Let me know
What is your offer on marcus robinson ?
Hear anything on Engram ?
Hey Mom , The x-rays were negative , and i haven't heard about the review yet . how is everything on your front ? love ,
What Do you want for Engram ?
for Kevin Johnson , Wayne Chrebet , and Bill Schroeder ?
What do you want for Fred Taylor ?
oh , because i was going to offer up stephen davis , but never mind . . .
your boy is being ridiculous - does he really think he will get the 10th best rb for the 30th receiver ?
engram is ramiro's 4th receiver , you don't get a starting rb ( the 10th best i might add ) for a backup WR . the reason i want engram so bad is b/c i have his qb and i think he will have a pretty good year . by the way engram was picked the 8th round , dillon in the 2nd . so don't give me any of that
check this out another example of how ridiculous people are
i will give you schroeder and raymont harris . that is a fair offer considering your predicament at rb . by the way engram was drafted in the eight round , so was harris , and schroeder was drafted in the 10th that is an 8 and a 10 for 8
some people are dumb asses
let me know what you think or if you have a counter
counter then
Raymont Harris , bill schroeder and wayne chrebet for smith
we had said we were going to vote on trades . we have had our first trade . some people have come to me requesting a vote please go to the website and vote on the trade between the the Lie Downs and the Rounders
i took the vote down , we will only vote on trades later in the year
you desperately need depth at rb - lamar smith is solid
jj johnson has shown nothing in preseason where as lamar has been excellent ,  they were already talking about lamar being the starte before johnson got suspended . if you don't like that is fine but it still doesn't change the fact that you have a shaky second rb and no backups that start let alone play . so let me know
alright i would do davis,schroeder , and harris , for faulk and connell
didnt i just make you an offer for connell ? you are not going to get both dillon and davis so if you have to have both of them tell me so i can back out now but the trade i offered you is fair
ok , you want something fair , and you want dillon and davis in a package ? how about dillon and davis , for your whole team b/c that is the only trade that i think is fair for my team let me know what you think
i am still willing to do that side bet if you want
some people are idiots
check this out on my offer of schroeder and harris for engram
I sent that file to you in error . Please disregard . Thanks , Eric
you tell me that you are cheating on me .  .  .  .  interesting Enron North America Corp .
Mother , I had offered to come and be there during your surgery . Both you and Dad replied that it was not necessary because the surgery was not that serious and there was no timeframe on its completion . You know that I love you and Dad very much , and that I do not have a favorite parent ( if that was your implication with your last comment) . If you are unhappy with Jason's actions that is fine , but you have to remember that my brother and I are different people . You cannot neccessarily associate his actions with mine . Please take that into consideration . I love you very much , Eric
what are you trying to show me ? this just sends me to the ap website
thats really bad !
i'm interested in WRs not QBs come back with robinson in there
ml ?
Remember: The free add/drop period will end on Wednesday Aug30 at noon . After that point , we will submit add/drop bids to Pat at pryder@enron.com . To review: add/drops will be done through an auction system . If you want to pick up a player you need to submit a bid by e-mail to Pat by 5:00 PM on Wednesday of every week . The person with the highest bid will receive the player ( $0 bids are acceptable) . Each team will start with $100 auction dollars . Each week the team with the lowest total points year to date will get $12 added back to their total , the team with the highest YTD pt total will get $1 added back and teams in the middle will get their according dollar amount based on their rank in YTD pts . ALL TRADES WILL BE ASSESSED A $5.00 flat fee . Also , let me know how you want to handle dues ( a total of $110) . Should I collect them up front ?  -the commish
that is fine with me , but what about shanna , she might be a little uncomfortable with just the 3 of us
that is pretty gay
Charlie Garner , Terry Glenn , and Donovan Mcnabb for Marshall Faulk
Terry Glenn and Charlie Garner for Eddie George ?
Would you take Terry Glenn and Charlie Garner for Fred Taylor ?
Garner and Glenn for T.D . ? 
your receivers are terrible - i am trying to help you out !
you don't even have a 3rd receiver , johnson is out with a bum hamstring
that is all i wanted to hear
i dont have dillon any more
beside - stephen davis is better than terrell
are you irritated ? Enron North America Corp .
Stephen Davis , Terry Glenn and Bill Schroeder for Williams , Moss , and Travis Taylor ?
did she try your patience ? Enron North America Corp .
just out of curiousity , would you do stephen davis for ricky williams straight up ? Enron Capital Management
so basically what you are saying is that had you had the 3rd pick in the draft you would have taken r williams Enron Capital Management
alright , no williams can i interest you in a receiver and say lamar smith for robert smith or ron
Remember - all pickup requests must now be sent through Pat Ryder at
my parents want to go skiing from 12/09 - 12/14 can you take off time then ? the package is probably around $700-900/ Let me know
What it the abbreviation for our website ?
yeah , i got it . thank you . I can go but I was waiting to hear from Shanna to see if she can go I will let you know love ,
shanna said it was ok as well
25 , yes
here is where we are staying in austin
You need to decide . It is your free dinner !
Well , if you don't have a preference then let's go to C&Hs
so we decided on telluride ? is it booked ?
here is where we are staying in telluride !
by the way,dinner better be good tonight !
Hey Michelle , Did you get the tickets ? How much more $ do I owe you ? Let me know Thanks , Eric
I offered it online but Robert Smith and Jerome Bettis for Ricky Williams
I could give you Cris Carter , Donald Hayes , Jerome Bettis and Robert Smith for Keyshawn and Ricky
Let me know by today , please . Texas' first football game is this weekend and I have tickets for each of you . I would like to leave around 3:00 on Friday to go to Austin . We will come back on Saturday after the game . Let me know today if you still want to go . -Eric
Do you believe that your RBs suck now ? Do you want some help - I am your man
Please send me $110 for dues by the week 3 games ( 9/17) . If I do not have your money by this time you will forfeit games until I receive . -the commish
my address is 2302 Travis St . #8225 houston 77006
Hey , I need to buy a new computer - how much would current top of line cost
cris carter and r smith for ricky and warrick
Cris Carter , Robert Smith , and Jerome Bettis for Marvin Harrison and Corey Dillon
can we make it 10:30 ?
are you coming to the uh/tx game on 9/23 - is donnita ?
Are you going to put it in the system or do you just want me to do it ?
2 . we will probably come out around 10 b/c i need to leave by 11:45 or so
are we still doing dinner some time , as well just need to take care of some things and watch some football
did you buy your ene yet ?
I got a Bed and Breakfast for Friday Night with one King Size Bed . It will be nice and cozy for the six of us . Just kidding - this is a pretty nice place - we have 2 dbls and the hotel is in between the stadium and 6th street . ( 11th street) . the rate is $145 . the tickets are $30 - so - $54/person for everything . we will leave at 4 on Friday if that is ok with everyone .
I hate it when I'm right , Kitna will be benched before week 2 . Garcia is still available , but I will need a starting RB - imight be able to swing another RB in the deal like Fred Beasley- Or you can start Ryan Leaf What do you think ?
you have to bid for free agents via pat ryder
a guy down in risk who is not part of this league
$51 bid for Mike Anderson
you need to send a bid to pat ryder by noon today for players you want to pick up
I want to place a $1 bid for Matt Hasselback- QB GB I WOULD ALSO LIKE TO CANCEL MY BID FOR MIKE ANDERSON
Gary has told me that he would like to bid: Kyle Brady $11 James Allen $21
football is life : )
Would you rather get two rooms at the Marriot and pay an extra $25 or just cram in the one room and pay a total of $25 ?
please e-mail me if you would like to pick up one of the players you received in the auction and , if so , who you want to drop .
hey mom , i am doing well today . it was a good day on the market . how are you doing ? let me know if you would like to meet for dinner tomorrow night . if not , we will see you on sunday morning
he can go - hoskins already has to buy a ticket - he just will need to buy a ticket in austin and then come sit with us at our seats
i will drive and we will have hoskins drive his car too
i reserved an extra room - but we can cancel at any time before 6 tomorrow let em know about val
Brunell or Bledsoe - which one are you willing to trade and for what ? I could give a rb and a WR
I need for you to find out how much the balance on your tv is - and let me know
Brian Hoskins/HOU/ECT Luis Mena/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT Amir Ahanchian/HOU/ECT Matthew Lenhart/HOU/ECT Timothy Blanchard/HOU/EES Bryan Hull/HOU/ECT David Baumbach/HOU/ECT Kenneth Shulklapper/HOU/ECT Nick Hiemstra/HOU/ECT
So this is how it will work . Whenever the payment is due ( the 18th) . You write me a check for $100 . I will pay the $1252 . You will pay me $100/ month for 13 months (  so you last payment will be made to me on October 18th , 2001) . Payments will be due to me on the 18th of every month - NO EXCEPTIONS - I cannot do this deal if you do not pay me on time - I will not make any exceptions for you . Let me know if this is ok with you and I will work up a contract . -Eric
How about Garcia and Bettis for Brunell ?
you have to like garcia against carolina over brunell against balt or bledsoe against njy . . . don't you ?
Marcus Robinson was just telling me how much he likes his new digs compared to TKC . He loves Tijuana . What kind of show are you running over there ? - THE MULLETS
you better shape or other players are going to jump ship to the mullets . i am noticing a recurring theme here in our fantasy leagues - first the gangsta and now marcus .
sorry if we do around 80 i got a second room but don't know if we will keep it if we dont - around 54 if we do around 60
I know this is the same as before , but are interested after this week's action ? Ricky and Warrick for Carter and Smith ?
What do you want for him - I am willing to talk something with M . Robinson in it Something like Westbrook and Taylor for Robinson and Garner ?
your running backs suck - what do you want for harrison ? rb and wr ( carter )
Rickey Watters and Wayne Chrebet for Antonio Freeman ?
I just though you would be interested in knowing that the UT game that you are going to will be at 6 pm .
My tickets are in the student section for the game - I have four . I don't know if you want to sit in the student section b/c you really won't be sitting much - most of the students stand up the entire game . So , if you want to sit , we need to work on getting some seats in the alumni section . Jason - if you and Donnita want to come , you can have my two extra seats in the student section , assuming what I said above is correct . Let me know
Tony Richardson and Wayne Chrebet for Antonio Freeman ?
i can get him if you want to trade freeman - just let me know Enron North America Corp .
Did you see that Taylor is out this weekend ?
what do you want for watters straight up - in reality -
i will give you bill schroeder and jerome bettis
schroeder , beasley and bettis effective this week
Are we done on that trade ? Richardson , Bettis , and Chrebet for Freeman 3 Starters for 1
I would like to place a $33 bid for Prentice
Well , we are supposed to have a game tonight at 7:30 - with the weather , though , I don't know where that stands . Assuming the weather clears up , please let me know whether or not you will make it tonight .
I want to place a $0 bid for R.J . Soward ( Jax )
I want to place a $1 bid for darrel jackson - ( WR SEA )
So , I think Jason is going to go to the game now . So , I need to buy you and Mom tickets . Before I do that , do you have any friends at UH or UT ( maybe Mr . Hamilton ) that might have tickets . If not , we can get some through a ticket broker or through a scalper the day of the game ( probably the better way) . Let me know
Please e-mail me who you want to add and drop . Check you roster to make sure that it is legal . I still need your dues by Sunday or you forfeit . I have only received dues from Dave and Steve !
just bring me a check ( i'm on 32 ) why don't you just make the payment to them this month and we will set up the arrangement next month when you have your new job
make sure to deduct $20 from the check b/c you got second place in the pts pool this week .
go to transactions - set lineup Enron North America Corp .
Thanks Harry . I appreciate the recognition . Eric
Do you know if you are going to make it yet ?
Hey Aunt Bonnie , I thoroughly enjoyed your visit as well . It has been too long since the last time we got together . I hope that we get to see more of each other in the coming years . Hopefully , we can make a trip up to Pennsylvania soon . Love , Eric
I have not received your dues yet . I am giving you a one week reprieve . If I do not receive your dues ( $110 ) by this Sunday , you will forfeit . My address is: 2302 Travis St. . #8225 Houston 77006 -Eric
We have a game this Wednesday @ 7:00 . Pleas let me know whether or not you will attend . Thanks , Eric
yeah - he can play if he doesn't mind playing only def
Here is the detail on the new products: Receipt Pts Lobo Thompsonville ( Meter #9648 ) Delivery Pt . Receipt Pts . PG&E Riverside ( Meter #6040 ) Tejas Gregory ( Meter #3358 ) MOPS/NNG Tivoli ( Meter #5674 ) Tomcat ( Meter #553 ) Delivery Pts . Tejas Riverside ( Meter #3543 ) NGPL Riverside ( Meter #3545 ) We would like to get these products out by bid week if at all possible . Let me know if you have further questions . Thanks , Eric
now , now - you didn't look that great against UTEP . we will see what happens once we settle on a qb
What do you want for Taylor ?
freeman and garner and mcnabb for taylor and george
it is typical to counter offer when you don't like my offer
Come on man- you need help ? I am willing to talk receiver and RB swaps
that is fine , as long as you know how to find it . did you make reservations for dinner yet ?
i was looking at brio vista and jeffreys - i was thinking jeffreys but let me know I was thinking we would have an "organized dinner" on Friday and catch something on the way back from the game on Saturday ( since it is late) . Let me know
I bid $5 for Eddie Kennison . that is fine
A clarification - you can only bid whole dollars for players , i.e no $1.50
$1 bid for Bjornson
We have a game tonight at 7:00 . Please try to make it to the field by 6:30 . -Eric
I don't know what he is going to do . I hope that they start Simms , not because Applewhite is bad but because Simms needs some time to develop . Although , I think that Mack is going to stay with his 2 QB system because of pride .
we have at least 8
By the way , wear your grey "HEAT" jerseys to the game and bring a blue t-shirt as an extra .
i think i can scrounge one up Enron North America Corp .
Redskins to stick with Johnson at quarterback By Len Pasquarelli SportsLine.com Senior Writer Despite the continuing struggles of the offense and costly fourth-quarter interceptions by Brad Johnson , the Washington Redskins will stick with their starting quarterback for Sunday night's game against the New York Giants , SportsLine.com has confirmed . "If it was just ( a problem ) with Brad , then we'd look at it , but that's not the case," coach Norv Turner said . "But it goes beyond just the quarterback position . It's more than that . We're not playing well on offense in general." Redskins quarterback Brad Johnson will remain the team's starter against the unbeaten Giants.(AP ) In the wake of the Redskins' 27-21 loss to the Dallas Cowboys on Monday night , there were rumblings Washington might switch to backup Jeff George for the key matchup against the undefeated Giants . The Washington offense , one of the league's most diverse in 1999 when it ranked No . 2 overall and second in scoring , has been sporadic at best in three games . A seventh-year veteran who is in the final season of his contract , Johnson has five interceptions the last two games , including four in the fourth quarters of those losses . He has not been sharp in either his play-calling or his execution , and even some teammates suggested privately Monday night that it might be time for a change . One glaring shortcoming has been the inability of the Washington offense to throw the deep ball and stretch opposition secondaries . The Redskins have only three completions this year of more than 20 yards , and the longest is 26 yards . In Monday's defeat , the team's longest play was a 17-yard dumpoff to tailback Stephen Davis . The Redskins , who averaged 12.7 yards per completion in 1999 with both starting wide receivers averaging 18-plus yards , are averaging an anemic 9.2 yards per catch this season . But Turner , who sources said was reluctant to make a quarterback change at this point and retains confidence in Johnson , acknowledged the team needs new focus more than a new starter . "There hasn't been any thought to switching ( quarterbacks)," he said . "Right now , we need to get better at every position , quarterback and everywhere else."
please take me out of my bid for kennison
$2 bid for Marcus Pollard
what do you want for taylor ?
that's great ! what do you want for taylor ?
just to let you know - s . davis is worth much more than taylor and m . robinson is worth much more than george ( even if george is starting) . garner and toomer for taylor
see the bottom for directions
Did you mean to trade Bledsoe for Mack ?
what about toomer , garner ,  prentice and either wesley walls or tony gonzalez for taylor and watters ?
alright then anderson rather than watters
walls , toomer , and garner for taylor ? that is the best i can do and that is the best deal you will get for taylor all year regardless of how he does . now i would be willing to talk freeman if you want to thro in either watters , I need to know fairly quickly
have you decided ? I am not trying to rush you - but I am leaving early today for Austin - so I need to set my lineup before I leave ! Let me know
that bid won't be there next week : (
Did we ever decide on the whether to change to the owner's club or not ?
If you want to pick up a player - you need to let me know by today - b/c I will be on vacation tomorrow .
I don't know , babe . What did you get ? Enron North America Corp .
You can only pick up players for the upcoming sunday's game through the bidding process . No pick ups will be allowed after wednesday on any given week .
I just now saw it . It looks like a great gift ( more from a daughter than a son) . I will look at it when it comes . Enron North America Corp .
Here is the Room info for next week .
See Below:
Rob , The product descriptions look good . Go ahead and move forward with the rest of the process . Thanks , Eric
Sorry Brian , I am going to Austin this weekend . Can we all get together for dinner sometime next week ? -Eric
Your WRs are terrible - let me help you out
I need your dues by COB today !
Anyone up for half price pizza tonight , say around 7:45 ? And yes , I am a fat ass ! Let me know .
Let me know whether or not you can make it to the game on Wednesday @7 .
here , woman !
Alright , you know now that you need to trade Taylor - what do you want for him ?
Plove is going to go to Dallas . We are going to leave next Friday when he gets done ( 7ish ) and go up for the game . The game is at 11 in the morning , so we will come home directly after it . Plove says he has a friend who has a place in Dallas that we can crash at if we don't want to pay for a hotel . Do you want to go ? -Eric
yeah , just come by my desk . i have it for you .
Matt has a win and Harry a loss . They tied but the win goes to the one with the most reserve points .
Do you still want Beasley for Gonzalez ?
George has no value after last weeks games - I will give you garner and
alright , when you find out that mine is the best bid for an injury prone player that has been unable to complete an entire season in his career , you can come back to me and maybe toomer and garner ( the third highest scoring back in the league ) will still be there .
touchy , touchy . if you look at garner's stats he is very consistent ( about 15 pts . a game ) - the game last week helped his cause but he has been good all year . My best offer is Freeman , Garner , and Beasley for Anderson/Watters and Taylor . Let me know
your choice of anderson or watters and taylor
our game is at 7:00 tomorrow - can you make it ?
Are you going to make tomorrow ?
Thought you might be interested in this link for a beach vacation .
yep
Our game tonight is at 7:00 . Please try to make it by 6:30 . As of now we have eight people . Tim - can you see if Micah can play again ?
yeah , try to be there on time - preferably 6:30 - b/c we only have eight people
no , sorry
Horn for M . Anderson You are short WRs
you never responded to my last offer - Taylor and Anderson or Watters for Garner and Freeman ?
and i will throw in beasley
I found something that New Orleans has to offer that Houston doesn't .  .  . 
Are we done ?
After the weekly bidding process is finished , you can complete all transactions on the website .
Since most were out of town last weekend , we were thinking of celebrating Brian's birthday again tonight at The Cheesecak Factory at 7:00 . Let me know if you will be able to attend . -Eric
are you serious ? i just talked to you 5 minutes ago
If only we had your camaro to cruise in .  .  . 
Is this some scam foundation that you have set up so that you can retire early.. . I know how these things work , I've been around the block . Seriously though , I will be happy to contribute . -Eric
My deal on the other side fell through - so what do you think about Garner , Toomer , and Schroeder for Terrell and Rice
I forgot , I offered you Toomer and Garner for Terrell and Jackson - if you still want to do that then that is fine - if not look at the deal below .
can't do it - for one I don't have curtis martin and for two fred taylor has no value right now - propose something for someone I have
Our game is at 7:00 this week . We play the other Enron team . Please let me know whether or not you will attend .
our football game is at 7 - sorry
yep
I think that despite all of the ballyhoo about Simms (  and I know you hate this) , Applewhite should play . I think if Applewhite plays and we have a decent running game , we can blow them out . Our defense is good enough to shut pretty much anyone down . When are you going up and what are ya'll doing up there ?
yes , it will be there all season
Hi Mom - I got your e-mail yesterday . Shanna wasn't offended by your poignant political comments , she just knows , in no uncerain terms , that your are Republican and are going to vote for Bush . Disregard the bills that your recieve from Blockbuster . I will pay the late fee the next time I rent a movie . How are things otherwise ?
home 713-526-8304 cell 713-628-3104 You are going to leave the big E ? Why ? Where are you going to work ?
Jason seemed excited about the concert . I think this is one of his favorite bands . I enjoy their music as well but not to the same degree as my eldest sibling . I am actually going to Dallas on Friday for the TX-OU game . I am taking a couple of friends from work , so it should be a good time (  it always is) .
I need to place a $0 bid for Steve Christie and a $0 bid for Wade Richey . Thanks
3 of us are going up Friday and we are staying with a friend of one of the guys in the group .
in
Are you coming to the game tonight ?
do you want to go beat the crap out of some OU fans in Dallas this weekend ?
congrats on the new position - I just heard Enron North America Corp .
What did you think of the debate ? I thought , all in all , Bush did a good job - mainly because he got his points and proposals across without making a fool of himself . Gore looked awfully fake and rehearsed on stage . Do you think that the American public notices that the only issue he makes is with Bush's tax cuts going to the "wealthiest one percent" . That is the biggest load of garbage I have ever heard- I know Bush can't say this but , if you do the math , the wealthiest 1% pay the most taxes notionally and proportionately to the rest of the country . So , if there is an across the board tax cut , obviously the wealthiest one percent will get the most notional dollars back .
$0 for centers
Just a reminder . Please try to be at the field by 6:30 .
solid blue is the outermost track - dashe blue is the internal projection for its path so , i have nothing to worry about , woman
Hey Allison , Not much is going on over here , just gutting it out until the weekend . It seems like the weeks get longer and longer , doesn't it ? How are things in your world ? You can come by whenever you want to get the check . How much do I owe you again ? Eric
is a penny good enough ? just kidding , i'll give $25
yeah , it would probably be better to do it later in the day . preferably after 11:00
that's fine , 3212 .
send this to those piece of shit ou fans that say that mack brown is a terrible coach .
Could you please remove Koch Bayside ( meter #3537 ) from the delivery point on the US Gas Phy HPL/AguaD product ? The applicable product numbers are 33462 , 33464 , 33491 , and 33492 . Thanks , Eric
Please disregard the changes to the Agua Dulce product below . Instead I need to change the Corpus Chr PoolX product . Please remove Koch Refinery ( Meter #1244 ) from the Corpus product . The applicable product numbers are 27661 , 27662 , 27663 , 27660 . Thanks , Eric
We can postpone until the ticker sytem is available . Just let me know . Thanks , Eric
What , you tear down the goal posts because you beat the #11 team in the country ?
What are we going to do for your 80th ? I have Friday off - so maybe we can get together for dinner on Thurs ?
the most pitiful excuse for a football game that I have ever seen . Greg Davis needs to be fired and the young players need to play , i.e . Roy Williams and BJ need to play more than just on third downs .
Let me know whether or not you will come .
who , the aggies , longhorns , or heat ?
Are you up for a little Golden Tee on Friday ?
We need a couple of extra players tonight . Luis - do you have a friend that can play ? Brian - can you ask Lenny to play ?
Can you lower my bid to $26 for A . Denson ?
McNown and Toomer for Horn and Culpepper
Hector , This is your big chance to celebrate with your dream girl on her birthday ! Go get her , TIGER !
check it out
When are we going to start practicing for the A&M/UT FF Tourney - we need to get a team together and start practicing .
How were the flowers ? Exotic ? I didn't get to see a live picture of them because they were too exotic ? -Eric
That's no fun : (
We got another big name recruit - that will probably amount to nothing with our conservative , shitty Offensive Coordinator .
in - they were all fair trades
You are all just envious of the relationships that I have develped with the other fantasy owners , that enable me to help improve both teams through trade
Plove is just running his mouth because he can't cover me ! ( Remember how I kept burning you and those deep passes? )
Contrary to popular belief , the people that actually show up to the game do have other things they can do if they know that the other team members will not show up . So , let me know whether or not you will be there .
I am glad to see your expertise put to good use: )
Not really , but some of the others do : )
besides - you weren't the only one that wasn't there last week
I though this link was pretty funny and sick at the same time . When a drug dealer is compared to the US president , you know we have problems !
Are we really going to stay at the shithole hotel in Vegas or are you going to get rooms at the Bellagio ?
I don't remember being part of this vote . And who says that this is a democracy ?
We can go out this weekend
can't make it - i'm sick
Gary , We are still in the determination phase as far as what we are willing to sell . Obviously , we would like to sell as close to the 10 yr average as possible . However , given the recent warmth of the past few winters and the forecsts , this is probably an unrealistic goal . I will get back to you by the end of the week with an acceptable target . Thanks , Eric
$0 bids for S Christie , G Anderson , and D Akers $2 bid for Kevin Johnson $0 bid for Torrance Small Thanks
This is to those of you who can make the game tonight . Please try to get to the game as early as possible ( 6:15-6:30 ) so we can practice a little . We should have eight pending Luis' friend . Let me know if anything comes up between now and game time that we prevent your attendance .
time to break out some of the old plays ?
yeah , you can bring him - it wouldn't hurt to have another guy
Jason , I'd like to help you out this month but I just made a big expenditure on an exercise machine myself . So , it will have to wait until at least next month . Sorry
Rison is on Gary's team - but is listed as a free agent due to my error - you can pick up another WR for free if you need one . Sorry Enron Capital Management
If you have players playing in tonight's game ( det v TB ) you need to put them in your lineup tonight
put it in the system Enron Capital Management
To whom it may concern: In previous years Enron has sponsored athletic tournaments for it's employees . I have participated in tournaments ranging from softball to flag football . In addition , Enron has been very invloved with charitable organizations in the community . With these two things in mind , I wanted to propose a flag football tournament to benefit a charitable organiztion . I know that some of the budgets for sports clubs have been reduced ( including flag football ) recently . This is a way that Enron can support employee interaction and wellness and , at the same time , give back to the community . My questions are : Is this idea plausible ? If so , who should I contact with regards to setting up the tournament ? Thanks in advance , Eric Bass
Hey Michael , I just wanted to confirm my position on the team . I know you have already talked to Luis Mena about putting together a team , and I would like to be on that team . Hopefully this year we can practice a little more and take home the championship . Hook 'em . Eric
Hey Mom , Don't Worry about Friday , we ended up going out to eat with Michael and Sheila . Any more news on the watch and $ ? I don't think that I am interested in the Grace luncheon , thanks though . I am going to Austin this weekend but will be back on Saturday . Shanna is going to Louisiana , so this weekend will be good for the clothes . Do you need a check from Shanna for the airfare ? If so , let me know . What did you do this weekend ? -Eric
That sounds like a good idea . I guess you will be taking the day off ? -Eric
it will update tomorrow
Thought you might like Superfan's comments .
Is everyone going to play again ?
$0 bid for skip hicks
So , do I need to look at those counterparties with a "closed" status to determin if they are actually signed up ? Thanks , Eric
Tom need to know for post HPL projections for potential signees of EOL .
Matt , Thanks for the info . Do you happen to have the data split out between physical and financial trades ? Thanks , Eric
whatever you think babe - i will trust you to make plans- let's go before christmas though Enron North America Corp .
done Enron North America Corp .
he was already on someone's team
Do you want to go to Austin tonight ? I have an extra ticket to the game tomorrow . We will be back to Houston by 5 tomorrow . Let me know . Eric
Hi Mom , Where are we staying in Telluride again ? I have been looking at some restaurants on telluride.org - it looks like they have some nice places . Maybe we should look into doing a sleigh ride or snowmobile dinner outing one night . -Eric
Please let me no whether or not you will be there . This is our last game .
in
2 Rows again tonight for half priced pizza- and yes I am a fat #$&% !
. . . or we could go to keneally's and really be fat asses ( golden tee )
in
My Location is EB3212c - can you send it to me . Thanks .
who is going besides the people on the e-mail ?
Check out telluride.org for info on both the sleigh and snowmobile dinners under the activities tab .
everything is correct except for password: horns3champs .
Since the NBA season begins tonight , we need to have the fantasy basketball draft today @ 10:30 AM . Tell me if this is ok . If you do not remember the rules , go to the link below and scroll down to the bottom of the page to the rules link . The Academy will roll once again ! And by the way plove , it is last day for everyone . You can take 1 minute out of every half hour today to make a pick . Everyone else has agreed . Besides it won't be as much fun without my whipping boy again . I never heard anything back from Walker's Westies so The Rounders are taking his spot . -Eric
Just as clarification - we start 6 players and have weekly scoring in haed to head matchups . You can chage your lineup before each day's worth of action . Your sixth man can be any position . The draft order will be determind at
Tell me if you are in on the draft at 10:30 . To draft you need to go to the website and click on draft - go to the draft room .
html is better but either one works
I want to bid $21 for Kyle Brady
I am fine with mine . Thanks .
Everyone should be in the draft room now at basketball.commissioner.com/efba . follow the draft link and go to draft room and click on html draft . I am settin the order right now
Mcnabb , Toomer , and Autry for Warner . This at least gives you a chance for the rest of the year
This is the last week for Trades
Please check the website for a new article and poll .
Culpepper and Anderson for Toomer , Autry , and Mcnabb
Everything you ever wanted to know about telluride .
just to give you the update on snowfall in telluride - 2 feet in the last week
I have been excited - I have been tryinf to plan activies for the last week and a half . This is the first confirmation of snow that I have seen of snowfall . I am ready !
Are you in on the game tonight ?
There are no rainouts in this league - so try to show up by 8:30
Anybody up for going to Keneally's tonight to watch the Rockets game . Beer , Golden Tee , and cheap pizza . Let me know .
you and your pussy gmat class
I will give you Bill Schroeder/Darnell Autry and Kyle Brady for Frank Wycheck
Mcnabb and Freeman for Bruce
if you get a good deal - i will throw in toomer
Are you going to return my e-mail ? Toomer , Freeman , and Mcnabb for Bruce . That is a great deal for you .
bet you wish you had toomer now
not as cute as a lab : ) Enron North America Corp .
SIPPING VODKA A new priest at his first mass was so nervous he could hardly speak . After mass he asked the monsignor how he had done . The monsignor replied , "When I am worried about getting nervous on the pulpit , I put a glass of vodka next to the water glass . If I start to get nervous , I take a sip." So next Sunday he took the monsignor's advice . At the beginning of the sermon , he got nervous and took a drink . He proceeded to talk up a storm . Upon his return to his office after mass , he found the following note on the door: 1 . Sip the Vodka , don't gulp . 2 . There are 10 commandments , not 12 . 3 . There are 12 disciples , not 10 . 4 . Jesus was consecrated , not constipated . 5 . Jacob wagered his donkey , he did not bet his ass . 6 . We do not refer to Jesus Christ as the late J . C . 7 . The Father , Son , and Holy Ghost are not referred to as daddy , junior , and the spook . 8 . David slew Goliath , he did not kick the shit out of him . 9 . When David was hit by a rock and knocked off his donkey , don't say he was stoned off his ass . 10 . We do not refer to the cross as the "Big T." 11 . When Jesus broke the bread at the Last Supper he said,"Take this and eat it for it is my body." He did not say , Eat me" 12 . The Virgin Mary is not called "Mary with the Cherry," 13 . The recommended grace before a meal is not: Rub-A-Dub-Dub thanks for the grub , yeah God . 14 . Next Sunday there will be a taffy pulling contest at St.Peter's , not a peter pulling contest at St.Taffy's . The origination of this letter is unknown , but it brings good luck to everyone who passes it on . The one who breaks the chain will have bad luck . Do not keep this letter . Do not send money . Just forward it to five of your friends to whom you wish good luck . You will see that something good happens to you four days from now if the chain is not broken . "I don't know the key to success , but the key to failure is to try to please everyone..." - Bill Cosby.. . Get Your Private , Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at Share information about yourself , create your own public profile at
A guy at work is thinking about upgrading his home speakers . He really likes a set already and wants to buy them , but they require a high powered amp . His question is does the quality of the amp make that big of a difference assuming equivalent power levels ? i.e for a given level of power how much does the quality of the high end amp matter ? Thanks
just wanted to let you know that lsu is still projected to go to the sharpie bowl !
in
This place looks kind of fun for friday night - although it is out in the katy mills
Attached is the Powerpoint with updated data . Please review and make any final changes . Thanks , Eric
Faith , Attached is information regarding the Texas Desk as it relates to the current Texas market , EOL performance metrics , and Post HPL Action Plan . Please do not hesitate to call with questions . Thanks , Eric
beef and bird is on wilcrest - right ?
Here is the info on the tourney . We are one person short and could reallyuse your help . Please try to let me know ASAP whether you can play so I caexplore other alternatives . Thanks , Eric
Damn it all to hell ! What are you doing with my inheritance ? We enjoyed the dinner as well . We are available whenever you would like to join us . We should do it at least Work is good - I have had a pretty good month thus far ( knock on wood) . How are things going with you ? Your loving son ,
is anybody going to show up ?
what is ramiro's last name ?
i don't know any of those people either Enron Capital Management
here is a template for some plays - it might be helpful to have a list of plays to show during the game
look at sheet 2
I know I might seem a little obsessed with this , but here are some of our plays from our flag football league . There are plays on both tabs . I was thinking that we would start with me at left flanker , Paul Broderick at center , Paul Burkhart at right slot , Steve at right flanker , Sarah at blocker , and either Mike or Chris at blocker . Let me know if you have objections . Also , I am sending this to Paul Burkhart so I am assuming that he will play ( P . Broderick can you confirm this?) . Steve - if you have some plays from your team that you think might work let me know . Let me know what you think . Hook 'Em ! -Eric
Hey Dad , Mom wrote a note to me about your impending surgery . What is the skinny ? Is this any different from the other skin cancers that you get removed ? How are things otherwise ? Love ,
we will have a list of patterns just in case people don't know what they are , but the plays are designed to clear out areas so that certain patterns are more open . you can draw plays in excel using the drawing toolbar . what time are we going to scrimmage tomorrow ?
Hey Paul , I left a msg in your voice mail , but the low down is that the ENE/AC Flag Football tourney is Saturday and we would like you to play . The tourney starts at 10 and is 3 hours long . If we win , we get 16 tickets to the game ( 2 for each of us) . Let me know if you are interested . Thanks , Eric
did you get mauricio to play ?
I was thinking that if we run trips on offense the other team won't know what hit them . So I will draw up some plays . What do you think ?
Updated plays . I have copied both sheets on 1 page ( front and back) .
how was the surgery - do you need any prosthetics for your birthday ?
Yep , I hit the site every day to check out the weather and snow reports . I am excited because I haven't experienced real winter like conditions for 3 years . Have you been skiing before ? -Eric AM
Good to finally hear from . Judging from your e-mail , it sounds like you had some fun in your exercises- I guess that English degree is finally paying off . Luckily you missed out on another series of disappointments from the Longhorn football team . It seems as though they are improving , however . Hopefully we will be playing for the National Championship next year . How are things otherwise ? When are you coming into town again ? Later- Eric
I can do the tv but I am busy all weekend so , if I can do it next week let me know . I might be able to squeeze it in on Saturday b/c I will be out that way . On another note , do you know of any hotels in the cotton bowl area in Dallas ?
Do you have any additions because I am going to take the plays to kinkos and get them laminated ?
Anyone up for Keneally's after work today ?
its probably going to rain so that is why the lamination
what about smu area ? my bro says this place is nice but don't know how expensive
This is the last one and probably the best - near smu ( connected by rail to downtown and near greenville - another bar area) . Might be a little more expensive but probably worth it .
i'm not a big prince fan - she might want to though
I just talked to Dad about it . That is fine . I should be able to get the $ to you this weekend . Love ,
$0 bid for the Redskins D
Rob , I need to get a new gas daily product created . This product will be settled daily against the Katy Plant Tailgate under the East-Houston-Katy subheading in Gas Daily . Call with questions . Thanks , Eric
no poblem - i enjoyed it as well . let's do it again sometime Enron Capital Management
Have you heard anything about the reschedule date ?
heard anything ?
Thanks for the help . I have put several products out for your approval . Thanks , Eric
Unfortunately the Dream Matchup has been nixed by the Cotton Bowl . UT is no longer in consideration for a Cotton Bowl berth . It would have been fun to see how you fare against a top 5 team . Maybe we will see you next year . Of course , you will have to make it to the Rose Bowl . Good luck in Dallas ! Hook 'Em Texas Longhorns - 2001 National Champs
in
are you aure your boss doesn't hate you ? Enron North America Corp .
waaaaa ! waaaaa ! you notice that she didn't mention the corps of cadet members that tackled and beat on women after texas victory in college station a couple of year back Enron North America Corp .
yeah , just talk to chris gaskill Enron Capital Management
Don , Here is the information that you requested . My resume is updated up to my last rotation ( Risk Mgmt) . My current rotation is in Texas Gas Trading and my supervisor is Tom Martin . My supervisor in Risk Mgmt . was Brenda Herod . Let me know if you need anything else . Thanks , Eric
99 volume reserve for entex ( schedule c ) Enron Capital Management
i think we were supposed to celebrate in t-ride
.  .  .  in the US in the last five years and we will be in the mountains to enjoy it . Should be fun!! ! :- )
remember these temps are at lower elevations so we can expect colder
does it sound like fun ? Enron North America Corp .
that was pretty stupid Enron North America Corp .
and none of them are good :- )
did you talk to the person looking for cotton ?
I have not verified your math but "championships" prior to the associated press do not count b/c there was no governing authority that conferred national titles before the AP (  as you will notice the retroactive declaration of national champions prior to the early 1930's) .
thanks
Rob , I have tried to create several index products in product manager but have only been successful with a couple . Could you please create Jan Index products for Agua Dulce Pool , Corpus Christi Pool , Thompsonville Pool , HPL HSX Pool , Hpl HSX E Pool , and Exxon Katy . Thanks , Eric
is this what you are making for dinner on thurs ? Enron North America Corp .
Dan , I work for Tom Martin on the Texas Gas Trading Desk and he has some questions on EOL "Force Majeure" language . Specifically , we buy/sell gas at the Exxon Katy Plant and were wondering the "Force Majeure" ramifications of the the Plant closing due to freeze-offs , i.e . can we claim Force Majeure in that instance and what remedies are provided for in the EOL contract language ? Additionally , we buy/sell gas at HPL pooling points such as Agua Dulce Pool and were curious about the Force Majeure provisions and remedies for these pooling zones . I do not know if you are the right person to contact regarding this information , but if you can provide any insight I would greatly appreciate it . Thanks in advance . Sincerely , Eric Bass
here is the enron forecast for next week- notice the headline section :- )
just b/c you aren't in the top ten doesn't mean that you don't have pretty girls - there are always a few good apples in a rotten bunch
Don , Sorry for the late notice , but I need to reschedule the meeting we have set up for tomorrow . I can meet later in the day tomorrow or Friday afternoon at around 2:30 or later . Let me know if you are available . Thanks , Eric ,
I can't play this weekend . The earliest I can play would be Sunday December Let me know if this works
it is his spitting image . maybe he can grow up to be an overrated nfl qb just like his dad
i see east carolina but i don't see teetee; it doesn't bode well for the gallery furniture bowl
Dan , Sorry to keep bothering you , but does what we talked about earlier pertain to EOL trades as well given the language in those contracts , i.e . requiring outside parties to honor contracts if they claim "force majeure" ? Thanks , Eric
did you buy any enron in the 60s ?
You cannot pickup players in the playoffs . That defeats the whole purpose of the playoff system !
Your mom is so fat that God said "Let there be light," right after she moved her fat ass .
Gary , What is the market for IAH Jan-Mar HDD swaps ( we are looking to BUY) ? How does this compare to the 30 yr avg ? Thanks for your help . Eric
Have you bought any new DVD's recently ? If so , which ones ?
I think we are going to stay in town and meet you at the airport . Is the surgery considered serious ? How long till he recovers ?
I just tried to call you . What is your parents address ?
Who makes the ornaments that you like so much ?
here is our new hotel - it is the hyatt islandia flight number is #1133
Mike , I haven't heard anything , so I am assuming that the tourney is off . I do , however , still have the money that I collected for UT . I would still like to turn the money in . Who should I direct it to . Thanks , Eric
Hey Mom , Can you send me the flight numbers for the America West debacle we just experienced ? Thanks
Can both of you forward the telluride pictures to me so I can get them developed ? Dad - they reside in the "my documents" folder under the "my pictures" heading . Thanks , Eric
That is fine with me . Thanks
I have a paper clip icon that enables the attachment of documents . If you don't have this icon just click on help and search for attachments .
Do you have the original flight information on our flight out of houston ? Thanks
I thought you all might find this an interesting read . Sorry , the complaint form wasn't very user friendly - I guess the person that designed the form is the same that hired there ticketing help . To whom it may concern: I recently returned from a wonderful vacation to Telluride . It was wonderful except for the fact that I traveled on your airline . I was originally supposed to leave out of IAH at 6:05 AM on 12/9/00 for Phoenix and catch a 10:00 AM connection to Telluride ( the only flight of the day from Phoenix to Telluride) . Unfortunately , the flight was cancelled due to the re-routing of our plane because of foggy conditions in the Houston area . I do not blame America West for this; It is understandable to cancel this flight because of the danger involved in landing in foggy conditions . There is , however , no danger involved in taking off in these conditions , which leads me to the point of this complaint . Your ticketing staff in IAH was less than helpful in re-routing us on another airline ( Continental/United/American had several flights that could have delivered us to Phoenix in time to catch our connection ) so that we could make our connection . Instead , we were told that it was impossible to find a flight that could get us to Phoenix in time for this connection . Subsequently , I called other airlines and confirmed space on flights that would have delivered us to Phoenix on time . It now appears that America West was more willing to sacrifice a day of my vacation rather than pay up to put me on another flight . I am extremely disillusioned with the service we received; Because we missed our connection we were forced to spend a combined 6 hrs in the Phoenix and Houston airports and eventually fly into Montrose , CO where we had to drive 100 miles to Telluride . Instead of arriving in Telluride , Co at 12pm on 12/9 we arrived at 10pm , a full ten hours later . This delay caused the waste of one full day of vacation . Myself and members of my group will never fly your airline again because of this experience . For your research I provide the following data: Persons in Party - Eric Bass , Larry Bass , Kathy Bass , Jason Bass , Shanna Husser , and Donnita Franklin . Final Itinerary ( after all changes ) - Sincerely , Eric Bass
customer service on the website
How about this .  .  . 
Thanks for the pictures . By the way , tell your boy if he wants something in life he needs to ask nicely . Now I will not send his check for another 3 weeks b/c of the msg below . :- )
check these out - see if you want any developed . ( you have to unzip the file )
my dad has those and hasn't sent them yet
Rob , I have created several Jan01 Texas Phys products . Could you please approve them ? Thanks , Eric
here is the new comp program for enron - i think i will pay extra for the advanced laptop . what do you think of the options ? - eric
we have to turn this in today . picks are against the spread
don't be giving my address out to solicitors Enron North America Corp . yep 77006 Enron North America Corp .
Rob , Thanks for approving those products , but I still need Exxon Katy for Jan01 approved . Thanks , Eric
If you are all still in town - Matt and I were thinking of going to Happy Hour tomorrow after work . Let me know if you are in .
i don't know yet about the $ but i will probably go with the advanced . it will probably be $200-300 .
when are you leaving ?
just let me know when you are leaving and I will meet you Enron North America Corp .
Funny .  .  .  that is where I was planning on going
Are ya'll up for Keneally's tonight ?
looks like everyone is out on the happy hour - i guess we'll do it some other time the ski trip was great - really cold and lots of snow . we had a good time . are you going to the peach bowl ?
we leave next thurs - should be fun - hopefully they can pull it out
what are the details on vegas , i.e . dates and times of flights ?
the bitch would like you to change the 1.5 MM bid/offer to 7 MM
I enjoyed visiting . It is always nice to come out and visit . What are your plans for New Years ? We should probably be back from SD on Sunday afternoon . Love ,
Thanks for the hospitality . I always enjoy whooping you at a little chess . What are your plans for New Years ? love ,
Jason , Shanna and I were wondering what you and Donnita were doing for New Years ? -Eric
here is what my parents are doing for new years . SWCC is the country club . Let me know if either of the 2 that I have sent you sound interesting .
we will be up for that
why not Enron Capital Management
that sounds fine - but the zoo is in balboa park as well Enron North America Corp .
tom is going to be happiest with more money - so whatever nets him more money he will be happy with Enron Capital Management
Have you decided on plans for New Years ? I was thinking about doing a nice dinner somewhere ( i.e . Ruth Chris) . Let me know . -Eric
Hey Rob , I put some Katy basis products out there for approval . Could you see to those ? Thanks , Eric
Hi Mom , Ruth Chris would be nice . I don't know anything anout Cafe Natalie . Use your judgement . We are about to leave for SD . So I will give you a call from there . Don't forget to cheer for the horns and .  .  .  Hook 'em !
I would like to get information about joining the Longhorn Foundation . Thanks for your help . -Eric Bass Class of '98
I was wondering if ya'll wanted to have a happy hour on Friday for Tim and Louise in honor of their recent engagement . Do you have any ideas on places to go ? Let me know
great game .  .  .  terrible result . i can't really be dissappointed the play of simms or the WRs ( dropped passes) . the defense was very dissappointing
in
in Enron North America Corp .
unfortunately i don't think tha louise would appreciate that too much considering she is in town and will be attending . so how about kenneally's or
Wilkerson is the number 3 prospect in the country at lineman behind Johnathon Scott a commitment of guess who - Texas . Wilkerson Scott
Oh yeah , and by the way here are the rankings .  .  . 
i am going to use a matt lenhart argument - alla texas lost to arkansas last year who lost to lsu . .  .  .  texas played horribly against oregon and still had a great chance to win ( and should have won ) at the end of the game . oregon beat washington who beat miami who beat fsu who should beat oklahoma tonite . that means that texas should be national champions . get real .  .  .  one 8-4 season after a decade of failure does not a championship caliber program make . our team did the same thing right after mack arrived ( 9-3 with big win in cotton bowl ) you can expect about the same next year . lsu is getting some good recruits this year - you should be happy - in a couple of years your team will compete for sec and national championships . but don't start talking smack after a win over a lousy ACC team .
i just explained my logic - despite losing to OU earlier in the year texas is actually better than them . see below
So , I guess we will plan on meeting at Kenneally's on Friday after work ( say Tim - let me know if you want me to invite anyone else .
too complicated Enron Capital Management
I was thinking about taking Brenda to lunch on the 12th of Jan . Let me know if you are interested in coming . If that date does not work for you , we can go some other day . -Eric
Brenda , I know that I have mentioned a lunch several times and have finally gotten around to coordinating it ( thanks , Dave) . How does Friday , Jan . 12 . sound ? -Eric
well ? Enron North America Corp .
It looks like Thursday is fine . So , how about we meet in the lobby at 11:30 . Let me know . -Eric Enron North America Corp .
Let me know if you are coming .
oh - i invited your rocket power dancer friend . was i not supposed to do that ?
everyone on the list - as well as shanna and louise . you can invite others if you want
not yet but i will let you know
i went ahead and forwarded your msg to tim - although i already told him that the 16 yr old was invited - he didn't like that too much
yeah why
i was planning on watching at home . are you going to watch it somewhere ?
Now I see how you guys have been winning all of your games - through cheating . You are supposed to have at least one player on IR each week . A designated IR player cannot play . There are no IR moves during the week . That means that at least one person on your team should score no points each week . out
How many 1 way tickets do you have ? I am interested in buying in bulk ! Thanks , Eric Bass
Well I am looking for 24 Round trip tickets ( 48 one-ways ) and was looking to spend around $200 per round trip ( $100 for each one-way) . What is your offer on that size ? Thanks for you PROMPT attention because I am trying to book airfare today on one airline or another .
Hey Mom , Things are well . Just looking forward to the weekend . We are going to Happy Hour tonight to celebrate Tim's engagement . Shanna is going to visit Toni tomorrow , apparently she has taken a turn for the worse . Other than that , just trying to get back into the work groove after all of that vacation . How are things on the homefront ?
I'm up for going to watch it somewhere . Give me a call on my cell phone tonight or tomorrow - 713-628-3104 .
I am not a market maker in SWA vouchers , so you have my word that I will not sell them back . Your bid for these vouchers is $250 in the market , my bid for bulk is $200 , I am willing to pay more . I can already get to my destination for $250 - so maybe we can meet in the middle . Let me know
shanna is meeting her family in dallas tomorrow , so she will not be alone . tim is a friend of mine that went to lsu - i worked with him for about a year when i first started . he had been dating his fiancee during college but they had broken up about a year ago . he had been trying to get back together but i don't think he knew that he would get engaged over christmas . i guess he had bought the ring in hopes of popping the question and when things went well over christmas he went ahead . have a fun and safe weekend .
Hey Dad , We would love to meet ya'll for dinner . Just let me know when . The only night we can't is Friday . Love ,
send out an e-mail Enron Capital Management
I made a few changes . Generally when creating a resume , shorter is better ( preferably fitting on one page) . So most of my changes have been consolidations . Also , I tried to make the tenses of all of your bullet points the same ( you want to do this on all resumes and outlines) . As a side note , Shanna and I would like to take you and Donnita to dinner on Friday at Pappasitos . Can you make it ? -Eric
let me know what time
we would like to meet @ 8 at some Pappasitos ( I don't know where you live exactly ) between you and I .
I currently plan to extend my rotation for at least 3 to 4 months . I do not have a definitive end date but will let you know when I know for sure . Thanks , Eric Bass Enron North America Corp .
maybe this can be our stud LB
we will look fwd to it
hector - is this your mom ?
that is fine - tell dad that this is our treat
check these out
I think Michael and his girlfriend are going to come as well and we were thinking about going out somewhere afterwards . So , can ya'll come to the Pappasitos on Kirby and Richmond ?
We would like to come , but Shanna is not sure whether or not she will be off work by then . If you have someone else you would like to invite go ahead . If not , we will try to make it . Thanks for the invite and let me know . -Eric
Hey Brett , What's been going on ? Been surfing the net lately and and ran across this .  .  .  pretty funny !
oh yea , that is coming up soon . i don't know . something low key i guess . maybe we can bring some chinese out to the house or something
i think you guys are going to be responsible for booking your own fare - so talk to gary Enron Capital Management
No wonder the SEC is able to get good recruiting classes .
i'm in if you give me more details - i.e . where .
where is this place ?
i don't think we are going to be able to make it out that way tonight . but we will see you at Pappasitos at 8:00 tomorrow ( the Kirby and Richmond location) .
Hey Yvette , I just made reservations at Ninos . Thanks , Eric
how do they know that he was sexually molested though ?
shanna can't go on a trip until mid june - so it has to be after that . i guess this means ya'll are out on hawaii ?
you can cook this for me !
option 1 is an extra $600 option 2 is an extra $1300
Option 1 - laptop low end Option 2 - laptop high end Option 3 - desktop ( free ) what do you think ?
this is the one that my friend at work recommended
check it out - maybe a little too expensive though
I don't know where your friend got his info from .  .  . 
my article is more current
I went by some houses last night .  .  .  This house was by far the nicest and best bang for your buck , but in a suspect neighborhood - it looks like they are building a lot of townhouses close though check it out .  .  .  These were nice too - more contemporary though .  .  .  We should probably go look at these on Sunday . Love ,
that cracks you up .  .  .  that also means I am one year close to dying . I am an old man !
dinner around 7ish will be fine - but we will come out earlier to help out and have drinks
Saturday is better for me - say @ Noon . I'm in if we play on Sat . let me know
i havent heard anything yet - i will let you know though
I am unable to get into the board . Thanks , Eric
well we can wait for lenny to get back - when does he get back ?
Hey Rob , I am trying to create index products for Feb and I don't see the Jan products Corpus Christi Pool . Thanks , Eric
I am interested in that house . Can you call the realtor and ask about Prop . Taxes and Maintenance Fees ? Thanks ,
Denver Plachy is my admin . Thanks , Eric
here is what I found on taxes - does this represent all taxes or are ther others ?
I don't know if you got this e-mail . Thanks , Eric
why did i get this ?
are we doing dinner tonite ?
6:30 at the earliest
shanna isn't going to go - the four of us is fine
shanna can't make it , matt and hull won't show , you can invite luis though
Hey Greg , I mostly used the review course books . You are welcome to borrow them if you like . Otherwise , I am sure that either Kaplan or Princeton Review has some good books . Check the AIMR website . -Eric Enron North America Corp .
Rob , I know we have visited before on this product , but now I would like to go ahead up . I need to set up a Gas Daily Index product priced off of IF Katy . The short name would be IF GD/D Katy . Thanks , Eric
thanks
why not bitch ?
pussy
i wonder what is wrong with this place
yeah - do you want in ? Enron North America Corp . that one does look nice - i wonder what street it is on ?
Thanks . I am looking for volumes that traded last year - not necessarily volumes that flowed . Volumes that flowed include term transactions . Can you think of a way to find this info ? Eric Enron Capital Management
only volumes that were traded , i.e transacted during the cal year 2000 - regardless of flow . let me know Enron Capital Management
Will the computer be considered as an income item for tax purposes ? Thanks .
This area looks nice . Maybe I will go look over there on Sunday ! Thanks
phys Enron Capital Management
yeah , I saw it . I was't aware that people were complaining that vehemently .
he wanted to talk about life after the sale of the pipeline , i.e . some people will be leaving the company ( with the pipeline) , so he wants me to be ready to take on more responsibility Enron North America Corp .
we can go if you want Enron North America Corp .
We are getting a group together to play paintaball tomorrow at around 10 am . We will be playing at Adventure Village ( just north of Intercontinental Airport on FM 1960) . Their website is www.adventurevillage.com . The total cost should be somewhere between $30-$40 per person (  about $15 for a gun and $6 per 100 paintballs) . Let me know if you can make it . -Eric
looks nice - a little further out though
looks like a husky might not be a good idea but a newfoundland .  .  . 
I couldn't see the taxes . I would probably be willing to pay only 230k or so for the house .
thanks
thanks mom . just let me know
he will be taking it soon
i may have to work - i will let you know
Sounds familiar . Isn't that what Butch said prior to taking the Browns' job ?
it is you're and auburn still sucks
i could give two shits about your rb recruit - we already have the best rb in the country in our class and goes by the name cedric
that is very original of you plove - what have you been doing surfing the OU websites
damn , are you going to take that ?
Hey Sheila , Happy Birthday ! Shanna and I are going to Louisiana on Friday , so we can't make it . I hope you have fun . -Eric
thanks
here is the house that I was talking about
we drove by yesterday - they look nice - maybe if you have time we can go see it at around 2:30 tomorrow ? let me know
these two are right across the street
there are probably 8-10 on the street . I would like to see all of them , but i can't afford the $380k one . can you see about tomorrow ? thanks
both - since they are right next to each other
Here is the information on the Texas Gas Desk Plan for 2001 . Thanks Eric
hey dad . thanks for the invite but I won't be able to get away for lunch . we had a great trip this weekend , its good to live the simple life every once in a while .
Just thought ya'll would like to know . And Chad , I'll save you the trouble - Mack Brown is a terrible coach and all he can do is recruit .
she's over pneumonia that quickly ? Enron North America Corp .
i like the name of the link
except for Chris Simms of course .  .  . 
for your info .  .  .  how are you today ? in
except for Chris Simms of course .  .  . 
he hates the farmers down at the pulse machine Enron Capital Management
Any news ?
yes Enron North America Corp .
That is fine . Mom had said that you wanted me to go through Bob Dunn for my mortgage . Can you give more info ?
I am fine with seeing more houses before buying but was thinking that it might be a good idea to get the ball rolling on the Mandell house ( i.e . low ball contract) . This does not mean that I am wanting to buy right away , but more of testing the market and resolve of sellers . Let me know when you are available to see more houses . I am free whenever , except for Saturday after around 4 pm .
no i haven't driven by yet . i would like to see the mandell house again before putting a contract in on it .
Enron North America Corp .
I thought that the recruiting championship was the only one that mattered .
Damn , are you going to take that ?
you can use this in your next retort to hoskins check out the paragraph third from the bottom
Sorry , but this is funny .  .  . 
do you have a link for that b/c I never saw them
Hey Mom , I would like to see the Mandell and the Huldy - preferably tomorrow before 4ish . Let me know if that works for you . Dad is welcome to see whichever houses he would like . FYI , I am meeting with Bob Dunn today after work , and I made copies of the contracts .
we can hold off on seeing the w alabama house . just let me know about the time for tomorrow
well , nobody ever said that sheila was the sharpest knife in the drawer .  .  .  but oh well , it is her body
sounds good just let me know
this one looks nice - although slightly expensive . maybe we can go see it
this is kind of funny .  .  .  but not true : ) Enron North America Corp .
hey thanks . lsu has a lot to look fwd to next season with the studs you recruited . what did you think of mack ? i got the check but signed it over to paul lucci for another gambling debt - he said he hasn't cashed it yet but will by the end of the week .
are you going to take that
I need to rent clubs . Thanks , Eric
are you going to take that
shanna and I are .  .  .  in
It looks like Waha is on their but Permian is not . Can you add basis deals at Permian ( I think IF-ELPO/Permian) . Thanks , Eric Enron Capital Management
Hi Edie , Can you add these slides to the Texas Gas Plan Presentation for 2001 behind Call with questions . Thanks , Eric
I can't make it this week , but I will bring in your jersey .  .  .  bitch !
That's a good game too .
Rob , Could you please approve HSC Basis for Oct ? Thanks , Eric
Edie , Here is the updated EOL data for the Texas Region . 2000 DATA 2001 DATA Could you please update the plan numbers for Tom ? Thanks , Eric
yeah , they sent me some candy ass "sorry" letter . no $ though
she told me "you are not playing basketball on v day" you can interpret that however you want .
My flowers have not been delivered . Could you please tell me when they will be delivered ? Thanks , Eric Bass
Is this the dog we saw on Sunday ?
No , I never got the card , but thank you . I hope you enjoy your flowers .
Yes . We are supposed to leave tomorrow . Why ?
we are staying at the mirage . it could be dangerous - i might come home a millionaire or broke
not yet - when does she play ?
Hey Dad . I am looking forward to Vegas . Hopefully I won't lose too much $ . I am glad that I was able to add a little more happiness to her life . Tell Aunt Twila and Uncle Gene hi for me and have a good time this weekend . Love , Eric
Rob , I don't know if you can help me with this , but I need to get a new stack manager logon ID created under my name (  ebass logon) . Can you help ? If not please forward to the relevant party . Thanks , Eric
I just want to confirm that this order was cancelled and the charges reversed on my card . Thank You , Eric Bass
Hey Mom , The trip was fun but I lost $650 . It wasn't good for the wallet . Vegas is a fun weekend trip but I can't imagine staying longer than that . How was your weekend ?
It sounds like someone is working hard and making the company lots of $ . Where the hell do you come up with this shit ?
in
in
do you want to go :>) ? Hey Dad , Unfortunately , Vegas kicked my butt , but I had fun . I would love to go to Uncle George's B-day party . Are guests invited as well b/c Shanna would like to go . I heard you had fun with the sister this weekend - what did you do ?
Hey melba , I need to get IF GD/D Waha for Mar approved . Thanks in advance , Eric
congrats on the acceptance - do you think thay is where you will go ?
you don't know Enron North America Corp .
hey jason , how is the new job ? shanna and I would like to know if you and donnita want to do dinner again this friday ? let me know
we were thinking papasitos ( we can meet somewhere closer to you this time ) again at around 8
that fine - say 8
Jason , I need a global id number so that Enrononline can create a stack manager id for me . Thanks , Eric
Hey Rob , I still need to get this approval . Thanks , Eric
I can't make it for dinner - but we might be able to come for drinks afterwards . let me know
hey mom , we drove by some houses in the potomac area - the problem is that all of the newer houses are in the $600K+ range . the older houses are not much to look at from the outside but iw ould like to see some . i have cash for dad but if you don't need it that is fine . my bill thus far is $500 but i can pick it up this weekend . i had no idea about the date change - when is it ? Love ,
good - he is finally worried about the overall team and its progress rather than stepping on any toes
have fun on your trip to palm springs . you live a tough life don't you ?
you know that there is a cabos off of shepherd and 59 dont you ? i say el tiempo
we could go to trulucks , brennans , river oaks , wherever you want to go . let me know
I can't make it during lunch . Sorry . Enron North America Corp .
in
Andrea , At this time , I plan to extend my rotation indefinitely . Thanks , Eric Bass Enron North America Corp .
friday is better but that is fine Enron North America Corp .
Hey Dad , Did you talk to the better half ? I was thinking Trulucks but if you can't attend I understand . Let me know , Eric
7:00 preferably
they wrote an article on us ? Enron Capital Management
anthonys sounds good to me - 7 it is
the st regis looks nice . also , the westin galleria , wydham warwick , the hyatt regency downtown . as far as the limo - just tell him to go to houston.citysearch.com . Enron North America Corp .
plove has a pool
Here is my info: password: horns6champs Thanks , Eric
hey mom , things are going well . not much new though . how are you ? i am planning on moving but probably to an apartment in the river oaks area .
it is a complex on revere street which is just east of kirby on westheimer . it is where james used to live . they have 1bedroom/studies so that is nice .
For your viewing pleasure .  .  . 
Just a reminder to you basketball freaks !
Does anybody want to go see him on Friday March 30 ? Let me know .
the bucket - that is a great name
you know i'm out and dave is out of town
whats the skinny on tonight ?
you like that
That's it . Thanks to plove I am no longer entering my own deals .
that sounds great Enron North America Corp .
My location is EB 3211D . Thanks , Eric
This is not me . Sorry , Eric
Shanna and I would love to come .
in
hey mom , yeah , my tires were flat and the wheels slipped out from under me , so I ate it . how have you been . it has been a long week . love ,
gosset is going to fire me ?
That sounds good . I don't care - just tell me what kind of food and price range you are looking for . You need to go to ticketmaster and but tickets for the show . Let me know if you need me to get the tkts for you . -Eric
i got your tickets
we were thinking lupe tortillas @ 6:30
we will get there early and get a table . it is on 59 feeder in between kirby and shepherd ( north side of 59 )
no . i didn't know that . i guess it will be like def comedy jam
my address is : 2302 Travis St . #8225
yeah i mentioned that you are looking to rotate . i would give him a call
yeah i will be there who all is going to sierra and what time ?
can you make reservations for 7:00 at beef and bird ? thanks ,
Hey Gillette , The heat rate is going to depend on the type of fuel and the construction date of the unit . Unfortunately , most of that info is proprietary . Chris Gaskill is the head of our fundamentals group and he might be able to supply you with some of the guidelines . -Bass Enron North America Corp .
Brett , Just thought I'd drop you a line . Cool site , I guess you have too much spare time on your hands . Nothing too exciting is going on here in h-town - just working . I am trading gas futures and other derivatives for Enron- it can get exciting at times ( lots of $ flying trading hands) , but I haven't got to blow anything up like you , so I feel that my life is somewhat lacking . Big news on Marilyn - I had thought that you broke up before your foray to Ft . Sill . Do you get to see each other much ? Where are you currently stationed ? Drop me a line next time you come to houston ? -out
thanks
in
are you going to go to this with me ?
did you get a chance to look at anything last night ?
they think bledaoe will be back in 2-3 three weeks . no injuries to internal organs (  that is what they were concerned about )
tom brady - bishop was cut a long time ago
good call guys . i am not sure but i believe that i signed contract with you guys that double indemnified me from loss - prior to payment let me know when i can pickup my check for $8000 .
what do you want for antonio freeman ?
section 6 row 8 is your brother going to bring a friend ?
yep
When does the next league start and who is it run by ( i.e . city , YMCA , etc.) ? Thanks , Eric
Here is our detail for October . Unfortunately we are unable to provide you with blanket counterparty level detail on our transactions due to legal issues . However , just as last month , if you have specific questions on any location or transaction , we can examine those on a case by case basis . Thank you .
the system won't let me for some reason , i will keep trying
we are heading over to the Front Porch after work today for some drinks if you would like to join . -Eric
hey dad , austin was fun . michael ballases and i went up for the day and met up with his family b/c it was parent's weekend . it was good to see them again . i am anxious to see how we play against OU . i am starting to have a good feeling about this team . they looked really sharp on saturday - especially the offense . shanna and i will come out for jason's b-day on wednesday . i don't know what time yet but it should be around 6:30 . see ya then
out
sure , just call me the bank that delivers . we will probably be out around 6:30-7 do we need to bring anything ?
If you haven't paid your dues by Sunday you will begin to forfeit . Total dues are $140 .
yep
Just a little something to get you fired up about this weekend !
ive got a 50 yd line seat for the game this weekend with your name on it pal ! what do you think ?
do you want the ticket ? i got this ticket from a broker - it is going for like $600 now call me @800-97ENRON or 713-853-0977 and let me know
we are on 32
Happy B-day punk ! How old are you now ? 30 ? Oh well , I guess we will see ya tonight . I don't think you are at work today but if you are shoot me a line . -Eric
just put it in the system . the league has a waiver process . you need to have your transactions in by noon thursday
i don't have any tickets sorry . are you going to make it up there and try to scalp some ?
go ahead and put it in the add/drop on the website and i will go through them at noon .
it goes by record then points
sorry no tkts . it was a good game though
hey mom , thanks for the info . tough break for rush . i was sorry to hear about that . things are going well . just kind of slow . i have my asthma test today - it is called a pulmonary function test . what do you want to do for your birthday . do you want ot get together on friday or saturday and where ? let me know
hey sheila , thanks for the invite . my mom's b-day is this friday as well . i still don't know if we are taking her out on friday or saturday . so we will try to make it . we stayed at the marriot at the capital last year in austin .
no .  .  .  you are going to go dancing with me !
that sounds great . i am always interested in a free meal . friday night is probably better for us if you guys want to come into town . if not , then saturday is fine .
not my fault - like i knew that jamal was going to blow out his knee - i didn't offer terrell davis . what do you want for torry ?
ok alstott and troy brown for holt ?
alright what do you want for warrick dunn ?
moulds for alstott ?
what do you want for eddie ?
supposedly i have "reversible airway disease" which is not asthma but similar . they have given me an inhaler and some claritin ( for allergies) . i haven't been able to find anything on the internet about it though .
maybe this is it ?
whatever babe - i am concerned but not to the point of worrying my brains out - like you . i tend to trust the doctor in matters such as these- like when i had chest pains , the doctor ran tests to rule out significant problems and did notice an abnormality on one test . instead of running out and panicking i waited and took the tests again and they were normal . now i am not advocated waiting for the next test if that makes you uncomfortable - you should do what you want to do . but i guess what i am saying is that YOU ARE NOT GOING TO DIE ! ! ! so stop worrying and let the tests confirm or deny any problem... .
i think i am going to bail on happy hour . shanna isn't feeling well . but plan on coming by my place for the game on sunday .
Are we going to plan one for Dec ?
i have yet to get my cipro . when i get a spare $700 i will run out and get some . keep me posted on the trip . i probably need to plan it soon so that i can plan for vacation time . love ,
just wanted to drop you a line to tell you that my new e-mail address is eric.bass@enron.com . hope all is well
due to the early game this week , please have your add/drops in the system by noon tomorrow ( wednesday) . thanks ,
we have eaten at urbana , ibiza , and masraffs . i have heard good things about zula and benjy's (  benjy's can get crowded though )
how about highlands lodge for Dec 13 for 5 nights ? it says something about buy one night get one free
i just found that you could stay at highland lodge for 4 nights starting dec 13 and receive 4 lift tkts for that time period for $1600 total . that is not bad ehh ?
sorry i am so late in returning the e-mail , but have been on vacation since last wednesday . as far as enron , it looks like another down day today on the open . i hate to tell you to sell now , but i wouldn't want to own enron right now . i could see enron moving down to the teens much easier than moving up to the thirties . i might just sell now and look to buy back lower . let me know what you think
new orleans was fun . the wedding was nice and it was good to get away for the weekend . how was your weekend ? as far as enron , i think long term it is a buy , but wall street has no confidence in managament and there is definately a negative sentiment . i think in the short term we will definately see the teens .
i doubt it - he usually shops in town for his
i'll ask
Do you still think that Colorado is going to win straight up ?
I have some good news and some bad news . The good news is that I invested all of the league dues in the stock market over the last few weeks . The bad news is that I invested it in enron stock . So , needless to say I am going to have to default on this year's payouts . Sorry guys
Any news ? Which night do you want to get together ?
sounds good - i will make the reservations for sat . is 7 o'clock ok ?
the card was though :0 )
7 o'clock it is - see you then .
redwood grill !
that is good to hear . i was driving through west u last night and saw quite a few . i hit a couple of kids so i figure that netted me a few points . i look forward to seeing you on saturday love ,
Anybody up for happy hour after work ? I was thinking Kenneally's at around 5 . Let me know
thought you might be interested
no problem - thanks for joining us . we enjoy spending time with you guys . love ,
tkts are hard to come by but its looking like we can get in to the game - sect 144 row 25
I am taking friday off - Do you want to together for some golf ?
that's fine ditch me for another tourney . but i undsertand you have to find alternative forms of income with enron's recent performance . the greatest football team in college history plays kansas on saturday
I got your card . Thanks for joining us on Saturday night . Shanna and I always enjoy your company . Love ,
no special occassion really , just burning vacation . i have 12 days left . whats going on in your world ?
that sounds good - i am taking that friday off . the mood is pretty somber around here today . love ,
i agree with your comments about managament . it seems like they are caught like a deer in a headlights . i have bought some more shares today . my view is that the company will not fold . the worst case scenario is a buyout . so , it seems like we should bottom out shortly . right ? good news on uncle george
what is your logon and password for the-university - i am having some problems with mine thanks ,
i'm fine nothing new to report other than the stuff in the news . i think everything will work out
Anybody up for happy hour at Ruggles Enron Field after work ?
i thought it was ruggles DY-ENRON Field
so now that we have had this witty banter back and forth - is anyone coming to happy hour ?
what is jason's phone # at work and at home ?
we are going to happy hour at Ruggles Enron - dynegy Field after work . any interest ?
we'll be there all night
you are welcome to invite chance and anyone else down there
change of plans . we are going to front porch . so meet up if you can/want
what do you think ?
you don't care
Brian . Things are pretty hectic right now . There is a lot of uncertainty about the future . Dynegy acquired Enron ( it is so odd to say that ) for its trading business and EES so I think my position is safe for the time being . Up until the acquisition was formalized it was pretty depressing at work , but things have started to pick up again . I am glad to hear that classes are going well - keep the seat next to you warm because I may be forced up there pretty soon . Of course , now that Enron's name has been dragged through the mud it will probably be a little more difficult to go to a good B-school . Good luck on finals and keep in touch . Your Pal , Eric
i like it - how much ?
he should have been
you are weird
what's up ? things are pretty hectic here . you lucked out by getting out of dodge . are you still coming to see the 2001-2002 nat'l champs on T+1 ?
i think things will be ok at enron . it is pretty depressing right now though . how is school for you ? just to let you know - i got seats on the 40 yd line for the game . right now it is going to be me , you , matt lenhart , and my dad . i will be out of the office next tuesday and wednesday . so give me call at work before then or you can call me on my cell ( 713)-628-3104 or at home ( 713)661-2601 . let me know
that sounds good . i will see you then
don't you feel better about the whole situation now ?
all i can say is "house of cards"
do you have msn messenger set up ? 
i will let you know over thanksgiving
yeah why dont you set it up under start - programs- system utility applications - msn messenger and do the exchange system
interesting .  .  thanks for the update
If wanted to play golf at sugar creek next wed , can I get on without you and how much does it cost ?
we would love for you to join us .
I'm trying to get a feel for everyone's desire to play PAINTBALL in the next few weeks . This would obviously not be sponsored by Enron b/c Enron doesn't have enough cash to buy anything right now . So let me know if you would be interested and , if so , when you would be available to go . The cost should be around $30-40 a person . Please forward to anyone I have forgotten or might be interested . -Eric
they won't be playing but they will be tied up to a post for our enjoyment
hey dave - we are on for noon tomorrow . i will try to make it out to your house tomorrow . i have to go pick up the clubs at the parents house . so give me directions . by the way , my dad offered to buy us all lunch at sugar creek so , lets try to meet up a little early .
That sounds great . I will be able to make it . Thanks , Eric
but you will only go if charlie goes ?
you are one sick fuck
volumes are still down - i have no clue on the merger . you hear something new each day
do you have any big 12 tkts ?
i am just kidding - just giving you a hard time . i think i am going to sit this one out anyways . that was a tough loss for you guys
hey . long time no hear . how is everything going with you ? how is the family doing ? Eric
my family is doing really well . jason is getting married in february in fairfield . he seems very happy . things are a little sketchy at enron right now with the debacle that has occured , but everything should work out for the best . don't worry about all of that stuff , you can do what you please with it .
i thought you were back in houston for good as of the last time we talked ( 8 mos . ago) ? did you leave after that ? where are you working now ? i will relay your msg to jason
where are you working now - i know you worked for that motorcycle company - do you still work there ? jason's fiancee ( sorry no fancy accent ) had been a friend of his for awhile . They started dating about a year and a hlaf ago and got engaged about 6-7 months ago . She is very nice and we get along just fine . Thanksgiving was good - I stayed out at the the parents house for a couple of days and went up to college station on friday for the game . How about you ? Glad to hear that Lucky is well .
Since you never gave me the $20 for the last time we bet on CU/Texas , I figured I would give you the chance to go double or nothing on the second round . I think the line is Texas -9 . Let me know .
FYI- since you didn't take care of business
that sounds good 9 it is . we will go for beers regardless
as we talked about yesterday , i am still at enron . while i have a job , i am trading natural gas futures and other derivative instruments . i am living off of newcastle and 59 in the Gables Pin Oak . it is very nice - especially since i don't have a roommate any more . glad to hear that the family is doing well what are you doing at your new job ? accounting ? what about the firls - what are they doing ?
Hey Brett , What's been happening ? I hope you didn't buy any enron ! It is looking good for the Horns . It seems like fate is on their side . Every week we get closer to a Rose Bowl berth . If we get to the Rose Bowl I will have a ticket with your name on it if you can get away . Are you going to be able to catch the game this weekend ? BTW , are you still in Hawaii ? Hope all is well . Your Pal , Eric
what is your commission ?
then you are done
sounds like a good job . i am glad you are enjoying it . i haven't taken any big vacations lately , mostly to austin . i did go to new orleans for a wedding recently but other than that nothing . the girls sound like they are well . tell them i said "hi" . good talking to you
go ahead and buy on that news . you know its going to be bullish!! !
whatever you think - just let me know
are you telling me that you want me to buy and you will pay me back ?
thats fine just let me know what i owe
thought you might enjoy
Also , in bankruptcy , who is the first to be paid ? Specifically , are employees first in line ? Thanks
thanks for the offer . i think some guys at work are going to get drinks today . you are welcome to join if you like . if not , i will take a rain check on your offer .
Tom ( my boss ) does not have any documentation with regards to the bonus , but will make an effort to get it when things quiet down . He did , however , tell me that it is clear to him that this money cannot be touched by Enron because there were discussions in the past few days about trying to get at the money for credit issues and that was not an option available to the company . What do you think ? _Eric
Hey Brett , Good to hear from you . It is pretty bad at Enron . I still have a job for the time being but things are in limbo right now . The good news is that my division ( trading ops ) is the most valuable and desirable for any acquisition . The bad news is that we could declare bankruptcy at any time and that would leave our fate in the hands of the creditors and the courts . It is sad to see a good company like this fold despite the fact that we make a great deal of money . Oh well , things will work out . As far as the Rose Bowl , I think we have a pretty good shot . Currently we are 3rd in the BCS rankings ( the top two go to the National Championship game -- which is the Rose Bowl this year) . The two teams ahead of us are Miami ( 1 ) and Florida ( 2) . If either one loses ( Miami at Virginia Tech this week and Florida vs Tennesee and possible SEC championship game ) we should get into the top 2 . Of course , we have to win on Saturday as well . This has been a wacky year in college football , so I think our chances are pretty good . Good luck on the proposal . You are about to venture to the Dark Side . Telluride should be fun . We went there last year for a ski trip ( again) . I might be venturing down that path soon . I should be here when you are in town so drop me a line or give me a call ( H: 713-661-2601 or Cell:713-628-3104 or Work ( hopefully): 713-853-0977) . Take Care . Eric
I don't have your work # . What is it ?
You are invited to join in the excitement of Texas in the Big XII Championship game this Saturday at 7 PM at my apartment . We will provide the food . Let me know if you guys are interested . My apartment is at 4848 Pin Oak Pk . #1503 Houston 77081 . goto mapquest.com for directions . -Eric
you are a dick !
I got the cashiers check for the full amount and deposited it at Fidelity . I am just waiting for it to post to my account now .
A friend and I were debating about payroll in a bankruptcy type situation . I said that there were no guarantees with regards to payroll until the courts approve it . He said that payroll was an administrative expense and therefore should be guaranteed ? What do you think ?
you are an asshole ! 
and where did you see that ?
i doubt they will show
sure . have you decided on what you would like us to bring ?
that is nice to hear . i will look forward to speaking with her .
Hey , How are things going with you guys ? We really enjoyed Saturday night out at the house . We should get together more often . How is Mr . Hamilton doing ?  I was thinking of sending some flowers to either the hospital ( if he is out of ICU ) or the house . Can you give me the address of either ? Love ,
Harry , Sorry it has taken me so long to get back to you . Things are so bad at work right now . I have nothing to do whasoever . I get in to work around 9 am and leave around 12:30 every day . I hope all is going well in the job search . I saw your add/drop request for the Pats . If you want me to add the Steelers as well just let me know . Also , you might want to practice , "Would you like to SuperSize that?" -Eric
trying to gauge interest for a get together at my place for the saints tonight . let me know
that is fine with me
that is disgusting - you are a pervert
Linked to this e-mail is a spreadsheet that breaks down weekly pool winnings and the playoffs . Let me know if I have screwed something up . -Eric
do you want me to book this or what ?
which al's formal wear ?
Now keep in mind that you have $2300 to spend via me . If you want to pick up the incremental cost yourself then I will book it and you can reimburse . Or you have two options , you can remove the travel insurance to lower the cost to you or you can book for one less night . Let me know .
I booked your honeymoon .
i changed it
No problem . Thanks for playing . Hopefully we can keep in touch and have the same people next year . I will be settling the league up shortly and will send you a check . How are things going otherwise ? -Eric
Hey Joe , Tom said you were looking for Missy's and Donnie's numbers . Missy is 502-327-1406 . I think you already talked to Donnie . I hope your holidays went well . -Eric
what do you think about this . and you still need to send me a list of invitees ( with e-mail ) and the date of the party .
my address 4848 Pin Oak Pk #1503
Congrats on the engagement . Sounds like a great evening . I hope your holidays went well otherwise . Sorry I didn't get to see ya . Next time perhaps . -Eric PS I hope you caught the Holiday Bowl - the best game I have seen in awhile .
you need to forward the invite to your buddy that you didn't provide me with e-mail
The time has finally come for us to mourn the loss of another one of our fallen brethren . Yes Jason Bass , my brother , will be getting married Feb . 2 . So , with that in mind it is time to set up the festivities for the bachelor party . The party will be Saturday , Jan . 19 . I was thinking about taking the gambling/drinking cruise out of Freeport ( about 30 mins south of Houston ) called The Texas Treasure ( www.txtreasure.com) . The cost should run about $50 a person for the cruise - drinks and "gourmet" dinner included or $35/person for drinks and buffet dinner . Let me know which one you would prefer . I personally prefer the better dinner . Gambling expenses are not included in the above calculations . The cruise sails from 7PM - 1AM . Let me know if you can make it and , if so , what choice of dinner you would like ASAP so I can make arrangements . -Eric
i haven't really thought of that yet . i guess i will wait on the response that i get .
hey brian , the holidays were good . it wasn't really that big of a break for me b/c we are still doing nothing at work . how were your's ? and how is the job search going ? i am still trying to figure out the payouts for the league . i think that you get 25% of the pot for 2nd place . the tigers' future looks pretty bright - esp with spurrier gone now . how do you think they will be next year ? oh well , i hope things are going well . lets try to get together for drinks sometime soon .
you owe $80 for the league . $120 for dues minus $40 for winning the league pool one week . do you agree ?
your net payout is $224.50 how do you want me to get the check to you ?
Hey Harry , How are things ? Have you found a job yet ? I trust the holidays went well for you . Anyways , I have a check for $74 for FFL - where can I send it ? -Eric
actually- i forgot to take the $40 out- so $184.50
Hey Brian , Long time no hear . How are things at Harvard ? I trust you had a good holiday period . Are you still in Kentucky or back in Boston ? How was the first round of finals ? Things are good down here . I stayed in Houston for the holidays . I still have a job . The big date for us ( in the trading group ) is this Friday . That is when the bankruptcy court decides who is the best bidder for the trading group . Hopefully we will get back to work sometime soon after that . I really have done now work for the past 2 months . Mostly just sitting around and researching mutual funds and doing crossword puzzles . I have been coming in to work around 9 and leaving at about 2 everyday . What oral surgeon did you go to to get your wisdom teeth out ? Tim needs to get his out and was wondering if you recommended the surgeon that did yours ? Drop me a line when you get a chance . -Eric
I still haven't heard from you guys regarding the Bachelor Party . Let me know
We are going to Lil' Papasito's with some friends on Friday . Just wanted to know if you wanted to join us .
Hey Mom , Things are going well . I heard you guys had a good time at the shower . I don't know Michael's address but I will get it . When are we going to get together ? -Eric
Do you want to go to dinner on Friday with us and some friends . Lil' Papasitos on Kirby .
I have not heard back from tommybomb or scott re: your bachelor party . Maybe you would like to try them to see if they are going . I need to book the cruise ASAP though . So let me know .
Here is the info: Mar 10-14 Caesars Tahoe Pkg rate is $300 for the first two nights and $172 for each additional night so - $644 total for 4 nights . The Pkg includes two lift tickets per day ( 3 total per person) , voucher for the use of the spa daily , 2 daily brucnh buffets This is for the Regular Room Regular rate for regular room is $79/night Regular Rate for Jacuzzi Room is $89/night Sun through Tues and $145 for Wed the regular rates do not include anything but the room Airfare Continental offer nonstop for $370/person - flight time is 3.5 hours Other airlines offer 1 stop service for $275/person - flight time is 7 hours Let me know when you decide -Eric
I forgot to mention that if you do not buy the pkg then lift tickets are about $55/person per day . I think we will probably just book the room and worry about the lift tickets ourselves .
Alright last e-mail: We got clarification on the rooms . The Pkg deal stays the same but if you want to get just the room with 2 breakfasts each day it is $79/night - if you want the Premium Room (  the only difference is that the Premium room has jets in the tub ) then it is $103/night with no breakfast $115/night with breakfast .
Mom said you needed it: Houston , Texas , 77019
Hey Dad , Did you get the link I sent on the Def Ann ? If so , what do you think ? Is there anything I missed ? I am still waiting on a couple of RSVPs for the bachelor party so I will let you know on the transport . How are things otherwise ?
I haven't heard back form Tom yet , but everyone else is going . Can you get in touch with him ?
did he tell you if he was coming or not ?
We are still wating on Bankruptcy court to decide our future . The Dynegy deal fell through a couple of months ago . My division ( trading ops ) will most likely be sold to either UBS or Citigroup . Keep in touch . Eric
Hey Brian , The auction process concludes today and we should no who the winning bid is tomorrow . It looks like it will be either UBS or Citigroup . As far as our friends go: Bryan Hull got laid off and is looking for a job - he actually got offered to move back to risk but decided not to take the job b/c he thought he had something else in the bag - it turned out that he didn't; Matt Lenhart - is still here and is in the same boat as I am; Tim Boucher - is still here and is handling the liquidation of EES' retail book - he may or may not continue on with EES depending on whether or not another company is willing to take a chance on EES - apparently there are some pkg deals in the works - he is also interviewing with other companies; Chad got laid off and is touring Europe for a month; Gillette got laid off and moved to India to teach English to young Indians ( how crazy is she?); and Shanna still has a job at Enron in tax ( the gov't always gets there $$ ) she is also looking for another job . I think that just about covers everything . I am sure that you have talked to Lenny and know his situation . How is Hector holding up ? I never hear anything from him - tell him I said hello . BTW , Jason ( my bro ) get married in February . Keep in touch- Eric
Are you coming ? You are the last one to RSVP . I need to know so I can make the reservation . -Eric
I think you gave me a bad e-mail address for tom so can you find out if he is coming or not ?
I have made reservations for Jason's Bachelor Party . You are the chosen few . The cruise is set for Sat . Jan 19 at 7 pm out of Freeport . Transportation will be arranged for you . We need to leave at about 5 pm on the 19th . I will arrange a meeting place and relay it to you in a future e-mail . The final tally will be $32 a person . I have paid for this already so you can reimburse me on the 19th and I can promptly blow all of that money on gambling . Sadly , the gourmet dinner was not available on the Freeport cruise so we will have to suffer through a buffet dinner . Let me know if you have any questions . -Eric
8 - one person is not on the e-mail
There will be 8 total . It should be fun . See ya then
Thanks . Of the two - I think UBS is better . It seems like they are a smaller , more specialized company that is more similar to our culture from a risk tolerance perspective . It should be good . Of course , anything is better than the way it has been . We are not going to be able to go to Tahoe anymore b/c of scheduling conflicts with my boss , so we are planning on going to Las Vegas from Feb 13-16 . The airfare is $200/person roundtrip and we can stay at the aladdin or rio for about $100/night ( or the bellagio for $200/night) . We were wondering if you guys would be interested in joining us ? Let me know . -Eric
can you send the e-mail about the mexican resorts to dominator128@hotmail.com ?  Thanks ,
OK the final plans have been made for the bachelor party . We will meet at 5 pm SHARP at Cinemark Theaters on Richmond and Sam Houston Parkway ( Beltway 8) . This is the movie theater across the street from Jason's apartment . You need to be there on time so that we can make the cruise . Let me know if you have questions . -Eric
Hi Aunt Bonnie , It is great to hear from you . We really missed the fact that your trip was delayed because of 9/11 . Things will be pretty hectic this weekend with Jason's bachelor party and my birthday . We are going to dinner tomorrow night for my birthday to a restaurant that I have never tried . It should be good . On Saturday , we will be celebrating Jason's bachelor party . We are going on a casino cruise out of Galveston . I am looking forward to it . When do you think that you are going to make it down for a visit ? How is the weather treating you up there ? It was nice to hear from you . Love , Eric
why can't dad make it ?
so bob hebert's finance committee more important ?
How about we all go to dinner at Mark's on Sunday night ? How does that sound ? -Eric
You owe $80 for fantasy football . When can you pay ?
i will just come out tomorrow and we will celebrate . we will get together some other time with shanna
It will just be the two of us on Sunday . Thought you might like to know .
everyone else paid up front
Is this the old enron building or the new one ? Eric Bass
For some reason your e-mail to Shanna and I was quarantined by enron b/c of virus issues . What did you send ? It looked like links to Fairfield and Waco weather . Let me know . -Eric
Hi Amy , My numbers are home: 713-661-2601 and cell: 713-628-3104 . Call me if you have questions about the offer letter . -Eric Bass
I am ok with tomorrow . Sorry I haven't been able to set lunch up . These crossword puzzles have really kept me busy . -Eric
what do you think ?
hey dad , baxter was the ceo of enron north america at one time . he was regarded as one of the founders of the wholesale trading business . he resigned in may . whenever i see the media a say no comment to them . about dinner on saturday , we already have plans to see a musical but we are free tonight . would you like to move dinner up to tonight ? let me know .
I was thinking of having a get together at my place but I wanted to gauge interest first . Let me know if you are interested . I will send out another e-mail if I get enough responses . -Eric
this one has 4.5% financing
right now i guess we have 6 - i have not heard back from boone . val said he would stop by if they were back in town by then . i didn't have mitch's e-mail so you may want to forward to him and i will talk to hull . i guess we could have about 10 people . what do you think ?
he told me that he wasn't sure if he would be in town . i guess there is no need to have two . so i won't have one then
Here are the user names that you requested for the ERCOT website: Thanks , Eric
Hey Mitch , Just got your e-mail address . Read Below . -Eric
Hello , My W-2 seems to be wrong . My Wages appear to be significantly understated . What do I need to do to rectify the problem ? Thanks , Eric Bass
who all got promoted on your desk ?
just wondering - mainly i was wondering if matt smith is a manager now ?
no i am just hearing that most everyone got promoted
well i know that charlie was promoted and he hasn't done jack
Who should I contact with questions about my 2001 W-2 ? I think that mine is misstated . Thanks , Eric Bass
we need a fourth again
can't play - maybe we can pick someone up there
dont try to play it off . you just cant spell .
not me . i wont get a vette unless i am 50 , single & have a mustache . if i need to pick up the young cheesey babes when i am old i will get one . i never heard of that movie .
nothing . i am pissed . i got out of a position too early and i would have made a killing .
i can't make that
how is everything going ? are you guys staying cool down there . i know it has been hot . i will try to call soon .
i didn't take profits . got slaughtered today . i had a great month last month , i just need to get out of this hole this month . at least it is the first . i will talk to you sunday .
i have to be in denver that weekend for a family function . what about labor day ? we could go that fri & sat night and fly back sun . we would have monday off to recover . lsu is playing some schmeg team any way . there will be more cougars in vegas over labor day also . cougars are good back up plan at the end of the night .
what is up monkey ? things are good in houston . i still have a gambling problem so i am gonna try to go to vegas if i can . are you in california still . i bet you have a 15 year old girlfriend huh ? you and mark chumura hitting the prom parties . drinking cold beer and getting hot pussy is still what it is about . even though we work you need to get those essentials . they are like air . we did it right in college when we were running those chi - o's . you should try to get to h-town one weekend and we will run some cougars . cougars= old women that pray on young men . cougars love me here . give me a shout some time . 713-853-7176 . good to hear from you .
labor day is the working man's holiday . since most of us work we should celebrate the holiday ( and jacques and val's weddings ) that weekend in
saints suck . tigers play the louisiana school for the deaf . you wont miss anything . i thought you were a 49ers fan ?
i just spoke with wayne gonzalin and he said that there is a rodney impersonator there the same weekend . tickets are only $4.95 and that includes an all you can eat hot dog buffet . it is just 27 miles outside of town so we can hit that and then go play nickel slots .
Ivan- I put the files in O\portland\fundamentals\westgas\new folder(2) . Let me know if you have any questions . Matt
I put the files under o\dropbox\west . They are the files titled CEMS , CEMS CA Gen , CEMS CA Heat Rate , & Cali Gen ( CEMS) .
if it is only nick and i who can't make it on the 24th you guys should go . it is going to be hard any time to get a weekend that everyone can agree on . don't let us hold you back .
i can make the 24th of aug now
it went fine . i am just glad that it is over . i am now looking foward to the cruise . hope all is well .
good news everyone ! looks like denver is gonna get steve young . pencil us in for the superbowl . i think that would make us a dynasty .
i know . i am trying to make superbowl bets now .
both billy joe's were still under contract so the broncos had to get young . saints could have had scrubby brister if they had played their cards right .
nuggets will win the nba next year
i bet i can guess which ones
sailing
get your touches this week b/c next week i am gonna put it up at least 40 times .
yeah . we can rent a hobie boat and go sailing
i wanted to let you know i might be in for that weekend . i am going to try to go home labor day instead . i will know by mon .
Phillip- Here is the presentation . I also sent it to Ina .
my goal is to pull off a double play - unassisted .
we need to reschedule the cruise ?
my lessons were cancelled . i cant take them until july now . how was austin ? i saw your friends at the black swan .
i forgot to call them yesterday . i will try tonight . i leave sat for n.o . for the cruise . i will be back the following sunday .
when ? eventually or are you giving your notice at work ?
so you are serious about this
who is that ?
get me a ticket if you can . chad is a mullet .
who is diamond dallas page ?
your kids will end up on mulletsgalore
well if we have kids they definately are not watching wrestling . if that is your choice of programing , i won't let them watch tv with you .
you will have an allowance that i will monitor closely .
i will have you sign a prenuptual
we are going to new orleans sat and set sail sun . for this summer i might go home for a weekend and to vegas for a bachelor party . you ?
any word on the houston opportunity ?
how ? daddy always gets action .
i will call them tonight . they probably want to see you inagural for sure so hopefully the labor day weekend will be a good weekend for them to stay through .
Cooper- Can you let me know how to connect to the power database where we pull CAISO scheduled gen & load . I want to pull the actual loads along with the scheduled . Get back to me when you get a chance . Matt Lenhart
i will give you all that until you are 50 , then i will turn you in for a 20 year old hottie . sorry i didn't call you back last night .
i think i should be able to go that weekend . just wanted to let you know since i hadn't rsvp'd .
i am in .
where is this workbook and how do i link to it ?
if you can get me a ticket i will go . you signed a prenup . you will need a job .
i know who that is . wasn't she a cheerleader ? how have you been ? i haven't heard from you in a while . i will try to meet up with you guys tonight . call me at my house and let me know what time you guys are heading over .
yeah , i will . she is great . she thinks i am smart b/c i read the comics . plus she had a breast job .
you are right . you are one of a kind . i am lucky to have you . you are buying some time past 50 . you just added another year or two ( depends if i have all my hair or not) .
it is not going to happen . if i get hair on my back i will get it surgically removed . anyway i don't have to worry about hair on my back .
yeah i need to get you a boob job . i like DD . work out your lower back b/c you are gonna have to carry my trophies around forever .
i like you the way you are , but i think you will look great with dd's
daddy is in . tigers play at 6 . i think we are going to go to two rows to catch the game if you are up for it .
well you are gonna have to work out for 2 hours a day . i want you to stay in top shape . you can be my trophy wife . are you really moving to austin soon ?
i can't wait for the cruise . i will watch out for the hot women on the boat . i might just stay in grand caymen and run a boat business if it is really nice there . i want to go to denver over labor day weekend . if you guys go up for the inagural it would be the following weekend . memorial day would give me an extra day off . if you guys cannot stay through that weekend i will try to go over the 18th . i will try to call tonight or tomorrow . love matt
that is the saddest story i ever heard . my security guard girlfriend work at night as a tow truck lady and she probably got pissed when she saw me hanging out with you guys and towed your car . actually i don't think the game is going to play until 8:30 . here are your tasks for next week while i am out of town: 1 . plan your party 2 . get music 3 . get food 4 . get booze 5 . invite some people 6 . let me know what i owe you sounds good . if the game comes on at 6 and we go to two rows i will let you know . is your old ass boyfriend coming to the party ?
i will only say it is our party if it is fun . if it sucks it is all you . i am not going out tonight . game is on at 8:30 and i will just watch it at home . i need my beauty sleep before the cruise . my security guard girlfriend doesn't have an email address ( she doesn't have a computer) , but she does have an instant message pager . you should try to buy some new cd's before your party .
i am not reading that in public
by the way , your book is way overdue
i thought you sniffed that stuff on the weekend for fun anyway
austin is a cool place to live even if you are not in school . i wouldn't live in baton rouge and i loved going to school there . you should do what you think is best for you .
the lust boat will be exciting and new
i have these hanging on my porch
Cooper- I cannot run this file . It keeps prompting me for a password which I don't have .
check out the one about "dad's new wife.."
These are what I need , but how do I access this info and update it daily ?
i am going to new orleans tomorrow . we are staying at chad's and leaving sun morning . i wanted to know if i could stop by and see the place sat ? i wont stay there and we won't be partying that night . i just want to see what it looks like now .
i am a maybe
you really did sniff a lot of that paint
you are the woman . you provide the food and i provide the income .
no . you get an allowance and when you blow it on clothes you don't get any more . here is a pic of your dream man .
let me know if there are any hotties there . how was the party ?
how is are party looking ? what day do you want to have it ?
invite the hottie with the dog
oh yeah .
Ivan- Here is the list of the California plants that are not listed on the Portland database: Colgate Contra Costa Hunters Point Crockett
the cruise was fun . i am broke and burned . we were thinking about having the party on saturday or something . we can get a good list of people together . i will let you know this week what the plan is . you wont have to do anything except invite some people .
did you hear from that cougar jenny ?
looks like things are falling apart on this side also . if we can't get people together for a party we should get those that are here to go tubbing or something .
i will get in touch with shirley and find out . one week of boozing , 5 days off , 4 days on .
are there any good places to go tubing ? we are thinking about doing that this weekend if you are up for it . coulon is coming in town .
i am gonna bring it b/c i have the heart of a lion
are you gonna be in town this weekend ? chad & i are thinking about going
you need this shirt
let's meet at my place around 7 or 715 . i have to go running after work . i was lazy this morning .
not yet , but we are definately going to do something . i think tubing would be fun but i am not sure where to go . i am working on it .
the in-laws . faimily man now .
did you mail off the power bill ?
i don';t know where to go tubing . we will figure something else out . maybe you should just throw a pool party .
we are bringing our entertaining pics
tubing is so relaxing . i have only done it once . we are trying to figure out things to do for the holiday weekend . so how come you are going to austin every weekend . are you in love or something ?
i am not drinking . i feel like the dude from leaving las vegas
what day ?
i had a great time . it was really relaxing . carlos & charlies in cozumel was the best . i havent partied like that since bid day . if you need help moving let me know .
here is another song you need to burn: artist: Nelly title: Country Grammar this is a good one
big pimping . see if you can download them at work and send them to yourself . it only takes like 30 sec to download songs over here .
i couldn't read . i have never danced for 5 hours straight . it was epic . how is it to visit there . it seemed like a very nice place to check out . nothing else is really going on just trying to get an idea of what to do this weekend . i got some good pics in jamaica .
val- download these songs if you get a chance tonight and i will try to burn them tomorrow if that is cool . they are all good artist song Nelly Country Grammar Bone Thugs ? ? ? just pick a good one Jay Z Big Pimpin & Can i get a what what Easy E 8 Ball NWA Days of Wayback Brand Nubian Pass tha gat Crucial Conflict Hay Snop Dog Lodi Dodi DJ Quik Black Pussy
let me know if you got that last one b/c our systems were down
you have got a deal . what day are you moving in ? i want to start hanging out at your pool if there are hotties there . what days are you going to go to galveston ?
i doubt i will go out until fri night . if you stay in town let me know b/c we will go out almost every night . let me know if you stay and we will figure something out .
give me a call if you stay in town this weekend and go out . we are going to party fri & sat if you are in .
no plans for tues . give me a call if you want to do something tues . have fun in b.r .
i am gonna hang at your pool all weekend while you move in .
i will help you out
hey can i burn those songs to a cd tonight ?
i will definately play in this one . sign us up .
cool . let me know when .
we are going to go out tomorrow night . if you guys want to meet us for drinks and then go out . email me back and give me your number & i will call you tomorrow .
she wants you in her pants
what did coulon's itenerairy say ?
this is a very funny video .
8/20 . 9/2 is labor day weekend .
no . i need rest .
i need my beauty sleep .
my bad .
did you get a chance to download any of those songs ? i have two more: dogg pound- new york big punisher- i'm not a player i just fuck a lot artist unknown- rosa parks
Enclosed is a copy of the generation reports we put together using your generation database . Please look them over and make sure that they are in the correct order an make sense . Some of the monthly averages in the report do not match the CEMS database number . I wanted to know if I should fill in the historicals with the CEMS numbers or keep these . If you could just look these over and let me know if they make sense I would appriciate it . Matt Lenhart
austin was great . i love that place . country grammar is a good song huh ? how was your weekend ?
sorry i didn't call back last night . i didn't get back until 10 . i will try to call tonight . did you figure out what type of truck you won ?
when can i burn those cds ?
Are there certain plants where that have reliable generation numbers reported each time ? Should I just track these generators ?
damn bitch . just let me know when .
i heard about a new bar downtown that is like state bar but a younger crowd . it is near prague . have you heard of it ? we should check it out sat night .
it was fun . i had a blast . my liver is still recovering ? did you hear grandma won a truck ? that is amazing . what has been going on there ?
i hate the black swan . i think we might go downtown sat . i will give you a call
give us a call tonight . shawn is in town now . 713-807-1699 .
you going out to lunch today
you up for getting lunch today ?
i want to go downtown tomorrow night . i heard about this new place called the hub . it is supposed to be cool .
you going out tonight and tomorrow night ? maybe golf tomorrow at clear creek ?
yeah that is fine . we can go out there and sweat out the booze . all these people are coming in this weekend . there is gonna be like 10 fijis here .
cartoon with the speach
watch the volume
i'm in
what type of truck did she win ?
i sent mckenna a gift certificate for her b-day . it should be on your email . let me know if you don't get it .
i am a shooter again . i got a cell phone . the number is 713-825-8410 . i am being annitiantion .
i have a cell phone now . # is 713-825-8410
that what i said
mine is huge
this weekend we have to hit this new bar called the hub . i heard it was full of hotties . start there and end in your environment ( merc room) . how was
hot shit
how much weed did you smoke at that concert ?
i will still help you with your seatbelt . my new ride is nice . i cannot wait to pick it up . it is so nice not to worry about the rain now . i will be big pimpin in this ride .
i got a new ride . i sold the jeep and got a tahoe . daddy is money
i already made a rap cd at val's . it has some great rap songs . country grammar is the first song . i will blare it with my new state of the art sound system . i will pick it up today or tomorrow .
i don't wear fubu , i wear skidz . it has jay-z , brand nubian , easy e , bone thugs , big punisher , limp bizkit ,
it is dark blue with tan interior . i looks good . i got an ureal deal on it . i got it for cheaper than trade in blue book . what are you going to get .
lets go to new orleans . that sounds good to me . i don't know how i got such a good deal but i am psyched up . i can't wait .
are you getting a used car or a new car ? maximas are good . i like the older models though .
why don't you get a 95 maxima . i think you can get those for around $10 or lower and just finance the rest .
those are cool . maybe you should just keep yours until it is dead . doesn't make sense to pay more since you just bought a new place . how many bedrooms is it ? what is the new number ?
set up a trip in oct . maybe we can get a long weekend . maybe lsu plays one day and we could check that out . i will take a look .
who sings fucking right it's all right ?
i am gonna drive my new ride . hopefully i pick it up today . it is so nice . i don't need a car this nice but what the hell . how much is your mo . note gonna be on your house ?
let s try to set up that weekend .
which telas ? the one on shepard or near montrose ?
i will pick it up today or tomorrow . it is a 1998 . i thought that the best i could do was a 96 , but i got such a sweet deal on this one .
i will pick it up today or tomorrow . the guy needs to get his wife to sign some shit before i can get the loan money .
i will make it .  remind me thurs . do i have to wear a tux or a suit
call me about it tonight
are you burning up up there ? looks like it has been over 100 . i bought a new car . i get it today .
i sold the jeep monday to some kid going to a&m next fall . i bought a chevy tahoe . it is great . i pick it up today . it is midnight blue with a tan stripe at the bottom . i got an incredible deal on it . it is a 1998 and i was looking at 96's that were selling for more . it is probably a little too nice for me , but what the hell .
mom said that you needed my phone number . it is ( 713)807-1699 .
are you and angie gonna beat some ass that weekend ? i went to uropa fri . other than that it was fairly uneventful . you ? i am gonna meet you guys out on thurs . whose b-day is it ?
sorry it has taken me so long to email you back . are you going out this weekend ? i am going to some wedding with shirley on saturday . i might go out fri . let me know what is going on .
2nd pick is available if you can package a good offer together .
did you win your car ?
i probably am going to cancel my sailing lessons b/c i don't have a car b/c that dude backed out on me . i got to work this morning and he left a message for me last night at work saying his wife didn't want to sell it . i am pissed . i was ready to have it today . i need to look for a car this weekend b/c this fell through . i will be at telas tonight also . i will be there . it is at 8 right ?
i cant open it
i need to get tickets for my visit home . how do you want me to do it . it is $350 for a flight over the net .
that dude flaked on me over the car today .
is it still the 18th of august . if it is i am in .
you might want to package a deal and move up to number 1 b/c if not you wont get the player you want . daddy has #1 .
does your head hurt
i have the number 1 pick in the draft . i will trade it to you for your 1st and 2nd pick in the draft . let me know what you think .
i took my scooter to work . i don't have a headache . i didn't drink that much .
what does it look like ?
i can only go fri and sat night not three days .
he is free . they are getting him at the min . he will be a good back up . he just wants a chance to win a ring .
where is that dudes chevy place ?
that guy screwed me on the car . he backed out . he left me a message at work to tell me he wouldn't sell it . he had already signed the bill of sale . now he wont return my message . he is a pussy .
i bought another tahoe fri . it is red with tan interior . looks great .
i bought a car this weekend . i got a chevy tahoe . it is really nice . it is an suv . i will try to call this week .
i am going to go to vegas . i am only going to go for fri and sat night . i emailed jacques back but i get messages saying he isn't receiving the email . make sure he knows i am going . i am not going to alex's party . i have too much to do here . are you hooking up with the girl ?
do i need to rotate ? i wasn't planning on rotating right now . i have been given new responsibilities on my desk and i don't want to rotate and give those up . please let me know what i need to do to stay in this group . thanks
thanks for taking me . i had fun . i felt fine yesterday . like a champ . good thing i didn't take shots .
maybe check with your travel agent and see if she can ge a cheaper flight . $350 is a lot . i will schedule it this week . love matt
tom white from enron ? why did he want me to give him a call ? i want to live in florida now . maybe he knows of some good areas to check out .
is that the guy from enron ?
he isn't ceo of enron . he is a ceo of one of the subsidiaries . still a big wig and multi-multi millionaire .
you haven't received the toys r us stuff yet ?
check within a 1/2 hour and it should be there . i accidently gave the wrong email . i put hfp instead of hfl . how was the trip ?
he recognized me . i told him i busted you two . i have pictures . he is sending me cash so i don't send them to his wife . watch out for her . she might be after you if i don't get that cash soon . are we partying this weekend ? let me know . how was your weekend ?
i bought a ride on friday . it is a pretty cool car - kind of retro . i bought a gremlin , like the one in wayne's world . some people laugh at it , but i think it is pretty cool . it is also affordable . tell angie she can't get into a fist fight . i don't want to be embarassed if we all go out . you guys can't throw your central gang signs or whatever you guys do before you represent .
it is purple . i am going to paint the tires yellow and it will be the official car of the lsu alumni club .
thanks for your analysis ron jaworski .
that is fine . i should be there around 5:30 . chicks dig gremlins .
Here are some of the California power sheets I have put together using your database . I have filled in the historical data using the CEMS database , but that only runs through March-00 . Let me know what you think b/c there seems to be holes in the data .
are you gonna play or just tell us to hustle from the bench ?
mick- of the three colts the one you definately don't want with the 4th pick is marvin harrison . i will trade you the 1st pick . i have an offer for you if you want to look at it .
have you purchased your ticket for vegas yet ? i am going to get mine this week . let me know if you are going .
yeah . let me know the plans . sat night right ?
did you get the tickets . i want to come home that thurs night sometime after work and then come back to houston monday afternoon . let me know . love matt
i can only go out sat night . i have sailing lessons sat and sun morning . if i get sea sick sat i might not be able to go out . let me know the plans for sat .
i have a new one for you to download on napster: lord tariq and peter gunz: deja vu . you will definately like this one . let me know when it is a good time to burn another cd .
sounds good . thanks .
did you see dynegy's earnings . three times what they were in q2 1999 .
yeah motherfucker . i am gonna ball tonight . i need to take my game up a notch . tonight i am gonna blow up . pass me the damn ball . hopefully we don't play the team that dunks .
what is going on in dallas ? is that where you are from ? i heard it is fun to go out up there . i am staying in town this weekend b/c i have sailing lessons . i am going to go out sat night if i don't get sea sick . i got sea sick when i was on the cruise so i don' t think that i am going to be much of a sailor . let me know if you guys have a happy hour .
we should just not show up next week . it is a 9 o'clock game against dudes who are going to embarrass us . i would rather watch the real world or something .
admit it . you watch road rules and real world . you stay home all day sunday on the couch and watch 20-30 consecutive episodes . i know you do b/c the only other thing on is nascar .
scroll down to the bottom of the email and double click on the attached file
something was wrong with the email system and all the emails i sent a week ago are getting there now . everyone is emailing me asking what the hell my emails mean . i pay attention to your emails .
i am going to stay home tonight . i need my beauty sleep . it is also nice being at home alone b/c chad is out of town . i probably won't go out until sat .
that sounds great . thanks a lot .
who is inga ?
you always think that i am lying .
you are going to pat benatar ? i wouldn't admit that at work , you might get demoted . i am not going out tonight . i need my beauty sleep . i am planning on sat night so either call me at home or on my cell ( 713)8258410 .
I just wanted to rsvp for the ENA function on Aug . 2 . Matt Lenhart
looks like i might be coming to denver for a couple of days the first or second week of august . i don't know how much time i will have but i will let you know the plans next week . there is some kind of gas convention called coga held up there . i think i will be golfing and meeting with people some of the time . i should have some time though and we can get together . i will let you know . matt
i think i might be going to this gas conference on aug 7th . that is a monday . if that is the case , i will try to fly into town either fri night or saturday so i can have more time there . i will let you know more monday .
i don't know the number at the hotel so you cant call me to move . sorry .
Matt Lenhart Supervisor: Phillip Allen
i just got my ticket for vegas . i am arriving fri the 18th at 7:30pm . be ready to party b/c money doesn't sleep big boy .
i got my ticket for fri the 18th . i arrive in vegas at 7:30 . be ready to party b/c "money doesn't sleep" .
i would like the broncos newsletter
wild west sucks . the only good thing was that there was $1 beers . i hated country music and there were a ton of necks there . how was that movie ?
looks like i will get to denver tues , aug 8th in the afternoon and leave thurs aug 10 in the afternoon . i wont have much time but we will figure something out . i have to work in the mornings out of the denver office and then we have some seminars to go to in the afternoon and some golf tourneys . i will figure something out and let you know .
what is the current head count on this trip ?
it wasn't that bad . i didn't get my ass kicked by some rednecks so it was ok . you going out this week ? i might go out thurs . if not we will hit downtown this weekend . i will even drive my gremlin out .
i will have a little time . one night you will have to hit the town . drinks on the corp card .
it was scary but terrible ? how was volcanoes ?
two steppin' is for people who cant dance & i am a great dancer so therefore i do not two step .
you guys like the worst places . wild wild west , surf side sally's . please tell me that the party won't end up at "shock 2000: the radioactive dance factory" . just let me know the plans & i will be there .
volcanoes was full of hotties ? i should have been there . i might skip adrians and meet up with everyone later . i hate adrians . who knows .
you hate erika also .
chad is not going b/c he is in a wedding . tim said he is a game time decision , so i wouldn't count on it right now .
i will probably go to woody's thurs if i have a good week . why aren't you going ?
tell him to take us out on it . how much does a boat like that cost ?
i am definately going to the tenn game . i am going to try to make at least three games . it is hard to do these trips as a student with no steady income . give me a call when you get a chance .
i will try to get those names for you today . if i don't do it today just remind me and i will get it done asap .
you going to vegas . i just got my ticket .
i would sell my house and move on the boat . i would probably buy a pet alligator to keep on deck to protect my property . golf this weekend if i don't have sailing lessons . they bagged me on the lessons last weekend .
send me that picture again . i accidently deleted it .
you are an 832 . i would try to get that changed as quickly as possible . you don't want to be an 832 . i did get your message . you love that song don't you ?
yeah but i am not going to tell people you are an 832 . if you meet a guy don't give him that number right away until you thinks he likes you b/c that could be a deal breaker .
i have a late basketball game tomorrow night that i forgot about .
probably around 10 . if not tomorrow definately thurs .
who cares about the last 4 digits ? it is the area code that matters .
just in case you didn't see it- 4 broncos made the 1st team all decade team . elway is the starter and your boy in sf didn't even make 2nd team tim .
you say brister could make the all decade team throwing to rice and young couldn't ? that is not saying much for your boy . he is better than brister , just not elway .
do i need to stop using my previous i.d . and password and use this instead ?
i just found out that i get in tues afternoon and leave thurs afternoon . we will try to get together at least once .
i am going there for basically two days the second week of aug . i won't have much time . hopefully i will meet them for lunch or something but it is definately going to be a short visit . at least i will be back two weeks later . did grandma get her truck ? hopefully you and billy can make it over labor day weekend . i just bought a new car . it is actually a used chevy tahoe . i love it . it is so much nicer than the jeep . it is too nice for me but as long as i am meeting my goals in savings each month i think i can afford it . hope all is well . tell billy hello . matt
i am probably going to go to woody's
if anyone is up for getting some drinks at woody's tonight i am in . i am going to test my new theory out tonight: hot school teachers don't have anything to do in the summer so they go out to try to meet guys with careers that can support them . it is actually just a hypothesis at this point , but sierra on wednes . has added support . let me know if you are in . and remember it is the in the name of science . out
you are one of the lead researchers on the project . we need you .
are we golfing sun afternoon ?
where are you going after adrians .
we are going to cadillac and then the swan .
who is this ?
how was woody's when i left ? who all is going out with you on sat ?
me , chad , this dude steve and maybe a straggler or two .
are there any hotties coming ?
how is everything in south florida ? things are busy here . i am not storming the campuses for sorority chicks , but that isn't a bad idea . email me your phone number again & i will try to write it down this time .
that is funny
I have a question on the generation number we are pulling from your database . The hydro numbers are coming in positive and negative . Could you please explain the difference there when you get a chance . Thanks for your help . Matt Lenhart
here is your test . don't lie .
happy belated birthday . i will try to call tonight . i was playing golf and didn't get home until 9 last night and went to bed .
yeah . don't mess with texas . i didn't know you called .
$50 . not much for a shooter like me . i will probably win it tonight at liars poker .
you don't think the saints will make the playoffs now ? just this past weekend you were telling me that your in depth analysis led you to conclude a playoff berth for the saints . you don't want to back up those statements after the saints preseason opener ? it sounds like every saint fan in august: predicting the playoffs in august and wearing a paperbag on your head by week
you spelled sholes wrong .
worked good . i downloaded a few songs from scour.com into your network . they are under c:\program files\napster\music .
are you going to buy or just cheer it on ?
did you change your number ? i called once left a message . there wasn't a greeting on the machine so i don't know if you got it or not . i will be in town tues afternoon and i leave thurs afternoon next week . hopefully we can get together for lunch or breakfast .
what city is that area code from ?
actually i am staying at the adam's mark hotel downtown . i will definately be able to see you guys at least once . i am not sure what the schedule is so i will just play it by ear . i wish i was coming in for the weekend , but the tickets were twice as much and they don't want to pay for my vacation . call me tonight & i will let you know details .
you're hurting my feelings .
rocked
going out this weekend ? golf maybe tomorrow .
give me a call . i will be home all weekend chillin' . i will be in denver tues afternoon around 2 . i think we are golfing with customers when we get in and i have a dinner that night . wednes i am in a golf tourney in the morning so maybe that afternoon we can get together . i have a dinner wednes night . so if we don't get together wednes afternoon maybe lunch thurs before i take off .
this video is so funny . these two guys are a couple of dumb asses . how did you do on the corruption test ?
what did you go to dallas this weekend for ? it wasn't fun ? not much went on here . i am going to denver tomorrow for work for 3 days . golfing and boozing . sounds good huh ? i will be back this weekend but i need to save my money for vegas next week .
i am going to vegas for a bachelor party . should be fun . i don't think you would have fun with us unless you were jumping out of a cake or something .
yeah
do a mud pie thing
sorry to hear that . did you pass any of the sections ? this weekend was pretty laid back . what did you do ? i am trying to save money before i go to vegas in two weeks so i will be laying low for a bit .
who sings that 80's song "harley davidson - of a bitch" . that is the corus . there are hurricanes sprouting up everywhere
can't make it . i am saving money for vegas next week .
how do you like that ene now ? it is very strong . i will be in tomorrow around 2pm . you can reach me on my cell phone at ( 713)825-8410 . maybe we can get together tomorrow or wednes .
no it is 80's club stuff .
i get back from denver that night around 10pm so i don't think that i can make it .
that place sucks . lets go somewhere else .
who you taking with the second ? can't trade it can you ?
i am going to take stephen davis .
boondoggle . golf & booze . i need to meet with some customers .
plove only knows the skanks over at the pink pussycat , so that is an option . the girls are not that bad if we bring some clearisil for the blemishes and a couple of cases of beer .
i am going to take rodell meally . he can recover from that acl quickly .
your wife isn't on this list . you don't need to lie about going there .
sorry shooter
i am a big shooter .
what is your brother in law's name ?
I have been out of town the last couple of days . If you want to meet today that would be fine .
you don't like my secretary ? what is going on ? how was your party ? i was in denver .
i would go but i need to save money b/c i am going to vegas next weekend . i was there for work . it was fun . we just drank and went golfing . let me know what is going on tonight . allegedly
i need rest . i am dead .
nevermind . there was a guy from louisiana at this conference who worked at reliant . it wasn't your bro in law though .
i need to sleep . i am worn out from denver . i just went golfing and drinking in denver . it was fun but now i am tired . i need to save some money b/c i am going to vegas next weekend . when is your cruise ?
definately . let me know when you get back and we can go . have fun . hopefully you won't hit any hurricanes .
have you heard any more about vegas ?
i leave around 6 or 7 . someone needs to send an email and let us know what is up . do we even have hotel reservations ?
between 8 & 9 . who all is even going on this thing now ?
this is funny
not much . maybe golfing tomorrow . you still going to austin ?
that made my day
there is no need to redraw
we are not redrawing just b/c hoskins quit and the guy with the last pick wants to get a better position .
i won't be able to pick up griese if i don't have the first pick
i think he could go to the pro bowl and start ahead of manning this year .
can you follow me to the car dealership at lunch tomorrow at lunch so i can drop off the tahoe to get fixed ?
i hope you miss that tropical storm in the gulf . cant believe that there would be any hurricanes this time of the year out there . did you see 'the perfect storm' ?
i don't want my car to be powdered up . it will look like i am driving a mary kay car .
foward me the email from jacques .
i guess you owe me $50 since you haven't returned with your score . must have been a pretty high score . you can pay me whenever or get my money to
that girl jennifer the secretary works up here now . should i put in a good word for you ?
the web page will have everything
i think you must have set a record or something on it . if you would have passed easily i am sure i would have heard from you earlier . i think you scored around a 200 or something . don't be a welch . just admit you lost and pay your debt .
check the web again are you looking for a job here or something ?
use a printer and print it off
is that how one of your dirty stories started in that porn mag you have ?
Here is the forecast . Our meeting using these numbers won't be until tomorrow so they will most likely change shortly .
sorry to send this dumb email but i am supersticious .
thanks for sending that chain letter . i am supersticious .
you can't send it back . those chain letters don't work like that . what type of car did you buy ? i cant wait to see it and take it out on the town to pick up chicks when i come home .
teacher of the year
i won't be able to play friday . i leave at 530pm . i will check on job stuff today . i will probably need you to email your resume to me when you get a chance .
oohh la la . who was your "friend" ? did you guys read those stories together ? i am good . i am ready for vegas baby ! it is going to be epic .
don't mess with married men . that is bad karma .
i gave her a thrill .
two married guys ?
are you looking to get in to i.t . again or more of a commercial role ?
home wrecker .
send me your resume and i will get it to some people in both groups . call me tonight and we can discuss this .
friday . i am gonna pick me up a call girl and act out dirty fantasies all weekend . i want to be dressed in diapers and spanked like a bad boy . i want to have my diapers changed . how much do you think all that would cost ?
it won't really go through him b/c he doesn't do the hiring .
when i am married i want a girlfriend
aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh ! them is jus jokes i was thinking a little younger
dem is jus jokes
i have a trade for you that will give you one more pick . you give me your 2nd round pick and i will give you my 3rd rd & 6th rd picks . two for one-zies . let me know what you think .
the best moment of your life
cool . i will be home by 8 tonight
do you want to make a trade for your 2nd rd pick ?
mom said you weren't feeling well . i just wanted to send you an email to see how you are doing . i hope you feel better . hopefully you will be able to make it to denver . this should make you feel better , i am still terrible at golf . i shot a 100 the other day , so i think you can still take me . i will be in vegas this weekend for a bachelor party but i will try to call next week .
keep me up to date on his condition . i will be in vegas this weekend so if anything happens please let me know . you can reach me on my cell phone at 713-8258410 . your car sounds great . see you soon .
don't deny it .
i was thinking that i give you a 3rd and 4th for your 2nd
those are pretty funny . i am going to vegas this weekend . i will play some slots for you .
i will play
does that get you through the night ? thinking of the passion and heat you felt in the cold & frigid air in colorado .
here is something to be proud of . i can put this on a resume . tom , you can say you lived it .
i haven't written all day . sorry . i usually just wait for you to write and then reply .
I will give you my 2nd , 5th , 8th for your 2nd & 6th
you just slipped and fell b/c you were in such a hurry b/c your were so excited
i am going to vegas . you always bring sex up anyway . plus that is all we know of eachother .
vegas baby ! i spoke with jacques the other night . he is going to leave a message with me at the desk . so i will leave one there with you . we are at harrah's accross from ceasars and mirage . better have your game face on dog .
the theme for the weekend is " can til i can't" - drink from when i can see til i can't .
in
you fear it
let me think about it . i am deep at wr . show me a bid for griese and maybe something can be worked out .
do i have enough time to grow a mullet ?
what about extensions or a weave ? do you think those would look natural ? tell me what i should wear . no thanks
vegas was fun . i am tired . i had to go to portland afterwards .
ah no thanks
i am in on this
i am emailing about the football pool . bryan hull told me to give you an email and you could sign me up . just let me know what i need to do . matt lenhart
did you go on your vacation yet ? i hope you are not on it now b/c there is a huge hurricane heading into the gulf . you could end up like gilligan .
are you guys going on a date or something
i will tell him i am your pimp
woman dont ya know i'll kill ya
i don't have hbo
you should thow a rager . congrats
i hope i have a girlfriend after i get married . that would be nice .
did i say something wrong ?
which age comment ? the one when i said that you were too old to be my girlfriend after i get married ?
yeah baby i am in town this weekend . i called the h.r . woman and she hasn't called back . i am gonna email her your resume . it looked good .
hey , cheer up pumpkin . you aren't thirty yet so don't worry about it .
um , why do your knees hurt ? have you been bad ?
i am always good . i know the secret . but i haven't put my good secret to use lately .
give me edgerrin
i was about to accept that .
well compared to chad i get more action than a porn star . the secret is a secret . i can't let it out . you saw that seinfeld .
Harry- I just offered up a trade to you . Take a look when you get a chance and let me know what you think .
where are you with your family ? i went to vegas and lost money . watch out for that hurricane . if it strenthens think of me b/c i will be happy b/c that will mean that gas prices increase . we will go out and party when you get back .
yeah . uh thanks for calling at 1:30 . you sounded mollered . where did you go ? who did you go out with ?
make some changes and i will send it to her today . she didn't get back to me but i will call her again today . i might go tonight . what time is it tonight .
just send it to me from home tonight and i will get it to the lady tomorrow . let me know if you go tonight and i might tag along .
are you going to try to be an investment banker on wall street ? that would be cool . i could visit & try to meet some models that i might want to marry .
i wish i lived the life of a rock star . that would be good . actually life is good . work is going well . do you feel better ? hopefully we can get out to phoenix over thanksgiving again so you can beat the tar out of me at golf . here is my analogy of you & me at golf: you are tiger woods on sunday and i am greg norman at the masters on sunday . i will try to call this weekend . love matt
you are in nyc ? no your not . don't set me up with the dirty talker , i am afraid she would embarass me .
i hope it becomes a hurricane too . huricanne = $$$$ for me . call me when you get back from your 3 week vacation . it must be really hard over there at
are you really in nyc ?
you lucked out . there isn't a hurricane .
i probably will party tomorrow b/c it is going to be the best day of work ever . i actually kind of interviewed at csfb in nyc . that would be huge if you got a job with them . i know two guys that work there . if you are in banking you better get used to 80-100 hours a week . talk to you later
we cant go get drinks if you are in a body cast . that would look to crazy . i would be trying to pour a margarita down the opening for your mouth . i am glad the weather is good . it really doesn't matter too much about the hurricane . call me when you get back .
lucky fuck
i went to woody's last night . there was such a hottie coming in when i was leaving and i would have stayed but today was such a big day at work i couldn' t be exhausted and hung over . she could have been my wife . i love woody's when it is warm . ken's email is kenneth.shullklapper@enron.com
Toni- Here is the resume I left you a message about . Get back to me when you get a chance . Thank you , Matt Lenhart
i told her that you were interested in her
sure . maybe .
put it in the paper dog marquis . i like volcanoes better . good day at work ?
what does sp mean ?
just open an account at www.wsex.com
this is a league where you pick all 16 games on the spread each week and if you get the most games correct you win $$ . it is only 50
looks like the flight will depart , but they cannot give me info until tomorrow . the flights today are taking off . i arrive at 8:55 .
i get in thurs night . we can go out either fri or sat or both .
this guy is a regular carl lewis
i see your brother in law doing some trades on line with us
8-3 . tenn . sucks . we roll them .
i leave for denver on thurs .
i heard you were anyway
we can get drinks wed if you would like . let me know when a good time is .
i get back monday night . we can get a drink next week . that actually works out better for me anyway . what are you doing this weekend .
i haven't found out about my test yet . i am pretty sure i failed . i didn't study enough .
i called her and she still isn't there . i wonder if she still has a job here .
she still works here . she is probably on vacation or something . i am sure she will get right back to daddy when she gets in town . she sounds hot .
i am going to denver . i will be ready for it next week .
i am going to denver tomorrow . i am excited to get home for a couple of days . how did you know i went to the black swan ? i saw some girl who was at that wedding we went to and she lives in your apt . complex .
i had manning but i traded him away b/c i had no backs . now i have vodka collins starting for me .
did you talk to max ? what night should we go out ? if we only go out 1 night i vote sat . if we go out both that is cool too . what time is cu/csu ?
csu is the underdog and i would bet that they get punished . tell max to stay out of the ghetto . property there doesn't appreciate .
thanks for the email . i am hopefully taking off tomorrow night , but i am not sure b/c i am flying united . it will be good to be home for a few days . vegas was fun . i went for a bachelor party . some of my friends are starting to fall . i hope billie's mom is okay . i will talk to you soon . love matt
what the fuck are the highlands
isn't that where the vatos live
i have that work trip on oct . 21st . is there another weekend that you could come to n.o. ?
disregard my last email . we might not be going on that weekend .
i called united and it sounds like my flight will fly . see you tonight .
i can go that weekend .
is that your babe
nothing more sexy than a girl that can dance
what is going on ? i don't think we need your tickets . if you want me to try to sell them there i will . how was labor day weekend for you ? what did you do ?
can you foward me the rules for that loser league ?
can you send down your rockies forecast again ? i need to look at your numbers for the winter again . thanks matt
that game was great . i was so impressed with griese & gary & the whole office . the defense is a major concern . i am torn between being impressed with what they did on the road in a hostile environment or being freaked out b/c of that defense . st . louis had a good defense last year . i hope their defense is still good b/c that would say a lot about our offense . how was your labor day .
the defense couldn't even stop them . they have no place to go but up . i am concerned about the d . you need that to win in the playoffs .
i called her again and left a message . i might need to go through someone else .
olandis gary tore his acl . he is out for the season . how did that happen . i thought there was all mo's and no ho's .
who is that
Eric told me to shoot you an email to bid on a free agent . I want to bid $5 on Mike Anderson of the Broncos . Let me know what else I need to do . Thanks , Matt during the 3rd quarter
do i need to just send you a check for $20 or should i just send the $50 ? is there just a tally at the end of the year with the payouts then ?
congratulations ! is that in austin or houston ?
denver was nice . i just played golf and took it easy . when is your test ? are you watching the lsu game this weekend ? i think that we are going have a bbq somewhere for the game . i will let you know .
daddy won the first week .
what are you going to be doing ?
cram
you guys have happy hour every night . what time are you going thurs ?
so are you now an analyst - investment banker ? is your pay better ? are you going to work 90 hours a week ?
you going ? if it is next weekend sign me up .
only problem is that there is an lsu game sat .
what does he trade
remember this . we might need to go check it out after the game . i heard it was good . i think we might check it out after the game .
bbq at tim's or something and then lets go to the crawl thing . i am going to tonight .
Here is the morning ops . Congrats on the new baby .
if shirley hasn't left town yet i think i can get him a ticket . let him come even if nobody back out anyway . it doesn't matter squeezing 1 more person into the room .
i can probably meet up with you guys around 7:30ish . will you guys still be there at that time ? call me on my cell at ( 713)853-7176 if you guys go somewhere else .
i will drive if it doesn't rain . my windshield wipers don't work .
hoskins car is too small
the girl i was going to talk to in this group is out today . i will talk to her . she is always asking me if i know any analyst who need work . i am gonna be a rock star sat night .
this isn't porn is it i will try to meet you there
did you open an account on world sports exchange ? if you open one use me as the referral and i will split the $50 with you and we can make a bet . i might go meet jill and them for drinks around 730 if you want to go .
call the cell
how was last night ? sorry i didn't make it . i was planning on going but i got home late . i did check out woody's . it was ok . when do you leave for okla ?
where did you guys go after cadillac ?
have you signed up with world sports exchange ? refer me . my user name is mlenhart . we can split the $50 that they will put into my account and place a parlay bet .
sammy marcos and wayne gonz want to come
you have too much time on your hands .
when you do it give me a call on my cell and i will call in a bet .
i think we might go to someones place and then go out afterwards
i know someone else who wants to play coed softball if there are space available for guys .
try to find out where club monkey is going sat and we will front run them to the bar .
here it is
i heard langley is out for the year . who will fill that gap ?
no subject = ebonics ? that makes no sense .
i heard it is 8.5 . i will try to talk to someone today .
it was ok . i went to austin fri night and watched the ut game on sat . how was that wedding ? was it worth going up to neckville , oklahoma ? are you hitting the town this week ? let me know if you want to go get a drink .
do you have your resume to email me again . i can't remember where i saved it .
i can get you on that team if you can get that girl to play . i guess they need girls on the team
i am worried about them dropping like flies . i thought last year we were injury prone but this year is worse . i am still skeptical about the defense . next week will tell a lot .
not you please . she can wear one . i think it is on tues .
i need your ssn# for this form
rules of attraction less than zero read in that order .
i heard from the girl you beat up . she told me you said "what are you looking at bitch?" and then you told her "this is central fool , you'd betta recognize!" . sounded like you really took it to her . i am going to the tenn game . i am probably going to woodrows for the next game .
they told me to send in the resume to h.r .
i tried but they have to go through it anyway . i told them to inquire about your resume .
it was just those three . you have to read them in that order .
we should go to n.o . over the first weekend in december and catch the broncos at the saints
we can do that or go when we planned and hit the lsu game
mike- here are some of the ops sheets . let me know if you need some of the others . the cali power sheet is down so i cannot send it .
what did the sluts look like
see about scheduling that weekend then . it is the weekend of dec . 3rd .
i won 3 of 4 sunday afternoon , lost 50 sunday night and lost 80 last night . struggled at the end . going out thurs ?
is that nov . 30 ? i probably cannot get there until fri . i can get tickets
that is really classy
i am making money taking the other side of the boys . they suck this year . worst part is that they don't have 1st round picks next year . call chris gaskill . he should be able to send you a file of those gas dailies . later . i cannot go .
Cooper- Here is the list of the hour ahead scheduled flows: Generation: Load: Imp/Exp: NP15 NP15 El Dorado SF SF Mead If we can get the data starting 9/1/2000 that would be great . Thanks again for your help . I hope this isn't too much trouble . Matt
i sent your stuff into to someone else in h.r . i haven't heard anything yet . you might hear something before i do . if i hear anything i will let you know . woody's tomorrow ?
i've got a great haircut
i am having the weekend kickoff tonight at woody's . sat i think i am going to hit woodrows to catch the lsu game . what are you doing ? did you go to
do you want to go up to dallas the weekend of oct 7th and catch the ou-tex game . i heard it is wild up there around that time . all ou and tx chicks . we can stay at emmitts or something .
sorry about last night . dinner took a while at el tiempo . i was dead after eating .
are you going out tonight ? we are going to woodrow's for the game tomorrow .
yeah call me tonight . i might try to go get a drink and just hang out tonight . game is at 6.30.;
how about the broncos ? they looked good . defense is still suspect .
you missed a hell of a saturday night . all these hot chi-o's were a woodrows watching the lsu game . they were all in from out of town and we met up with them later to go out . there were about 12 of them and i would say 7 were
what about football
what is up with cu ? they suck . i'm not going to run my mouth about the broncos b/c i don't want to jinx them . defense will get better as they play more .
call me back . i accidently hit a button on the phone to disconnect .
i am in . do you need anyone else to play b/c chad wants to play if we have room . we could always use another pass rusher .
are the softball games tues nights ? when do they start ? where are they ? i need to tell that chick .
you can play football . we play tomorrow night at 7pm .
yeah . both of you can go . just show up .
looks like we are going to have to find a couple of loser fijis who can't find dates for the tennessee game and lift their tickets . i am so fired up for that game . tim just told me it is the 6:30 game on espn .
Cooper- The sheet that you sent me earlier doesn't refresh anymore . It is saying that a rollback transaction is missing . Let me know if I need to do anything to fix it . Thanks for your help . Matt
what happened to griese ?
here is the info . let that chick know .
no . tell her it is off of buffalo spwy .
so you are going to just stay in and tame the shrue all night
sounds like you would be calculating a book each day . it might be a good entry into trading , but i would check with them on how they have their program set up to get people into trading positions . let me check with h.r . today . they move slow . i would ask some questions on that posting to find out where it would put you eventually . trading is the way to go . more money in trading and your opportunities would open up throughout the industry .
i think she is in . i would stay away from scheduling . you definately don't want to do that . we might go out tonight to sierra . i will let you know .
Pat- I am bidding $5 for nedney ( kicker-denver )
where you been bra ?
i just spoke to someone who said they would make sure you get in for an interview . i will know more in a couple of days .
it is good . it isn't his best . wait until you get to glamorama . so you have us set up for the 30th .
we got one more girl to play
is this on mon or tues
she is the one who is going to play
off of i-10
give me a call at work when you get a chance
Sara- I am sending the resume of a friend of mine who I think is a good candidate for the associate program . Please get back to me and let me know what else I need to do to get him in for an interview . Thank you for your help . Matt Lenhart
what does mmmcchhhaaa mean ? is that the scary sound from friday the 13th ? things have been good . just been working a lot and living it up a little . that is great that you started teaching 4th grade . i watched florida play last week . they got lucky . we will have to make a bet on the lsu-flor game . i will take the points of course . i will let you think of the bet since you are into that stuff . i went out with jen & max in denver . i guess they are back together . what is a good smaller town in florida to live in . one with golf courses right on the ocean .
Toni- Here is a copy of my friends resume again . Let me know if you can get him in for an interview . Thanks , Matt Lenhart
i am not moving there any time soon . i need to get rich and then one day i might .
kendra something bryan hull
kendra dromgoole bryan hull each one is like matthew.lenhart@enron.com . they are all
lsu is only a 10 point dog . it is hard not to want to take tenn . i might take tenn and call it a "hedge" .
your resume is out and about . that lady is moving it to people who need some folks .
did she reply ? make sure they still aren't in high school .
not if i know i am
sorry i didn't call . i was at work and i couldn't . fri was a bad day .
plauche said that he was definately in . did you get the rooms yet ? if you can get two since they are so cheap . that way we can get girls back easier .
call me b/c i will forget . i will even pay for the call . just call and then i will call you back . i forget at night . i have a lot on my mind .
where did you find that
there was a school shooting in new orleans
sure i do . give me a ring when you can . i can't wait to talk to you
do we need more people . i can try to get more . let me know
i want to bid 10 on jeff feagles .
don't call that late . call before then . i need my beauty sleep .
do we need any more people ( chicks ) on our team ?
that is totally cory
i am glad you reminded me b/c i completely forgot . this couldn't come at a better time b/c i am fucking broke . i haven't been this since school . send it to: wait until you get to glamorama . it is the best except for 1 nasty chapter . you will know when you get to it . lsu is on espn this sat night . look for me tied on to some 19 year old hottie drunk off my ass . i will have some pledges tie around my head and bourbon all over the front of my shirt . just go ahead and over night that check .
they figured it out . it was their mistake . how is everything . i am going to baton rouge this weekend for the lsu game . i should be fun . i will call
i think that i am going to take it easy tonight . i am going to br tomorrow so i need my rest . are you going to the lsu game ? i cannot wait to get back in town . where are you guys going out afterwards ?
we have a softball game chief
i don't know but the field is located off of i-10
did you get in touch with kim
you must be bad luck for the tigers . was it fun last weekend ? i havent heard of lz's . what do you guys have 8 happy hours a week ?
i was just in town over labor day weekend . my hoodlum friends and i didn't get into too much trouble . so do you have to learn new "internet terms" in your new job . you need do be able to talk the talk with those it folks . well the job sounds good if you are going to retire in one year . i think i am going to work until i am 40 then i am moving to florida to live on the beach . so how is denver ? i miss the good weather . have you guys been partying ? did you have any good gossip for me . you need to fill me in b/c i am way out of the loop . good luck with your new job and email me back when you get a chance . matt
is this going to be the buying op for apple ?
i couldn't believe it when i heard it . i would just hold it . i am going to baton rouge this weekend . hope all is well . take care .
we are playing tenn . they are going to hammer us . i am going in . it should be on at 530 espn your time . griese and davis starting sunday ?
do you have an extra glove ? also let me know where the game is at tues . what is the next game you are going in for ?
i am in if our football game is at 9
bama is a definate . just call me tomorrow and we can go out there . i hope there is a hottie working 1st . i will hit singles all day . i am in .
the lsu game rocked . davey hasn't been playing b/c he has been hurt . if he would have played last week we would have beat uab . denver defense sucks . that game made me sick . i can do can cun for sure . just let me know the dates . what happened to cu ? i heard marcus houston hurt his hip .
it was awesome . i didn't get your message until last night . i didn't have my phone with me there . it was so much fun . that was one of the greatest games that i went to . where did you watch it ? it sounded like you were partying some .
i will be in for cancun for sure .
i guess that means we need to go back to some more games . i cant believe we didn't go .
when are we going to go get drinks with celeste's friend that is the hottie ?
how about that game ? did you get to see it ? tell celeste to set it up for thurs . we will go hit some cool place for drinks .
i went . it was incredible . one of the best games i have seen there . rohan is the man . we would be 4-1 if he could have played last week . big game sat . we need to do something for the game .
what do you mean i wasn't doing so hot saturday night ? i thought i was in great shape . i was dancing better than menudo . i was hurting when we left sat . i almost puked in my car when i was driving back to houston . going back to football games is so much fun , but the drinking kills you . i haven't drank that much for that long in a while . it was worth it . i am tired today , but it is nice for everyone to say how we kicked ass this weekend . i still can't believe you didn't get tickets . i had extras . i could have hooked you up . i heard brittney spears was at fred's on sat night . did you hear that . not that i am a fan of hers , i just heard that . shoot me another email when you get a chance . matt
sorry i didn't call you back last night . i went to bed . i will try to call you tonight or tomorrow .
sounds good . how long would we stay in cancun ? i don't think i can take 2 weeks again this year . i could meet you in n.o . and we could fly from there or if you have to go to cancun through houston i can meet you here . i will try to call tonight after my softball game . hope all is well .
have you ever been to monterey , cali ? i get to go there in two weeks for a pipeline meeting . it looks gorgeous . is grandma still staying in town with you ?
you said some embarrassing things on the message . just kidding . this weekend will probably be low key . i am sure i will go out sat . what are you doing ?
i am down in the crowd somewhere .
i dont remember monterey . i think i missed it when i was curled in a ball in the back seat freezing my ass off . i cant wait . i looks awesome .
i am playing golf one day . i am going to fly into sf and drive down the coast to monterey . should be nice .
i ran on the field . it looked awesome . i had a blast . it was one of the top 3 games i saw at tiger stadium .
it is okay if i am getting old b/c i age really well . anyway , men get distinguished as they age . i don't care how old i get just as long as i keep my hair . i can't believe you don't like freds when it is packed . that is the best time to be at that place . i do feel better at work today . i found out i get to go to monterey , cali in two weeks for a boondoggle . it is all paid for and all i will do is booze and golf . i look foward shit like that now . you should be going out every night while you can . one day you will hit the real world and you can't do that . lsu is not the real world . you can still party a lot while you work , you just have to be in pain at work and pretend like you are not hung over so they don't think you have a problem . i usually go out 2-3 nights a week . i try to live like a rock star ( like britney spears) . email me back when you get a chance .
what is up ? i didn't have your email . anyway , i think you called last night and i answered and i could hear you talking to somebody , but you couldn't hear me saying hello . dirty george does some sick shit . he lost his hand up his ass the other day . how is the new job ?
are we on for drinks with the hottie ?
cool bra . what is up for the game this weekend ?
do you get to go to ny ever ? sounds good . are you going to start working
i have a joke for you . Q: what two words clear out a men's bathroom faster than anything ? A: nice dick
i don't listen to nsync . i like color me bad more . they are more my speed . they have a more mature sound . you don't know what a boondoggle is ? a boondoggle is where another company takes you on trip to discuss business over golf and booze . they pay for it all and it is usually fairly extravagant . they make this job worth it . i am having a shitty day . i am losing a shit load of money . do you go out every night or something ? you are living the wild life . what are you taking the gre for ? what the fuck is the gre for anyway ? is that the grad school test ? what is your major ? i can't remember what you told me . speech something ? where are you going to grad school ? lsu ? talk to you later .
you must be a hoodoo for the tigers . i went in for the tenn game . it was awesome . you dont realize how good we had it at school until you leave . check out md anderson . it is the top cancer research hospital in the country . how is everything going there ? i talked to our babe kelsey walker a couple of weeks ago . she was in houston for a bachelorette party . she is still hot . i also saw brooke and emily last weekend . brooke looked good . i am planning on going to jacques wedding . when is it ? what lsu games are you going back in for ? i am definately hitting the bama game and possibly miss st . talk to you later .
i spoke to her yesterday . if she doesn't get you an interview with that guy she is going to get you one later . game at tim or val's .
sounds good .
we can bring some shit . is this girl from the same town as celeste ? i am trusting you that she is hot . i don't want to show up for some drinks and have to sit next to some troll . well just let me know . we can get drinks any night next week . i think mitch is going to come over also .
i just got a 46 . my mom is so proud she raised a good boy .
see how you do on this test . let me know your score .
how did you lose 26 points from the last time you took the test . you cannot pretend some of that stuff didn't happen .
i actually scored a 96 . that is respectable . it doesn't make me a dope addict or dog lover so i am comfortable with it .
i didn't cheat like you did . there is no way your score can go down on this . i think you need to retake it and be honest with the test and be honest with yourself . let me know what you really score .
did you see the debate last night ? i was impressed with cheney . i thought he was more impressive than either presidential candidate .
wade might show up if that is ok
i tell him to bring some food
i am not going fucking ice skating . that fag might be . i think there is a power trader named rogers herndon . why ? so what are you doing this weekend ?
we should go get some beers after work at that new place near tim called the station or something . let me know if you are in .
whenever . i am ready to go now .
you won't be able to throw me when you are on ice skates boitano .
give me a call at work or at home when you can go .
i didn't bet with her . she still owes me $50 . we came back to reality .
you didn't miss shit on saturday . merc room was full of nothing but cougars . it was a waste . we need to hit this place called toc . i heard that it is great .
texas sucks huh ? how was your weekend ?
do you guys want to play golf sat morning ? let me know and i will get a tee time before the game .
somewhere decent . if you want in i will get a tee time today .
damn ! you got a 112 ? did you answer yes to the animal sex question ? i scored lower than you . i scored a 96 . my mother would be proud . i am just an angel . you should move to the french riviera . i think i am going to do something similar . i need to go anna nicole and marry a rich old woman and move to the carribean . i think i could quit work and become some old blue hair's boy toy . i would only be a couple of years . i would probably be able to get a girlfriend on the side who is more my age . all i would really have to do is get on a different sleeping schedule than her and i could totally avoid her . fuck working . i don't want to use my mind . i think that is what i am going to work on this weekend . i can go volunteer at some old person place and find a honey . sounds like a plan . talk to you later .
she lies
i don't think i can make it b/c we have a west desk dinner that night .
there was nothing but blue hairs there . all the chicks were lying about their age . i needed to escape that place . my hair looks great today .
they are getting tighter . my new diet seems to be working . i need to drink more water so my skin will get smoother .
thanks . i might check it out .
Here are the prices . Let me know if you need any other points .
sure . i will give you a call before i pick you up .
how much does the league cost for softball
i don't know what time i will be back . i need to do cardio after work and then eat . you still up for golf sat ? i will get the tee time tomorrow .
i don't think we bet , but i will give you the benefit of the doubt . since florida won that makes us even . here is the math: you owe me 50 i owe you 50 florida's math dept . must not have been that stellar . so you and max are buying a house together ? that is good to hear . i don't know what i am doing for thanksgiving . one of my buddies from school is getting married that weekend and i might just go to that . what else is new in denver ? you still selling drugs ? so who is going to be the bread winner , you or max ? i have been meeting some girls . a lot of cougars . cougars make me laugh b/c they think they are a hot commodity or something . where are you and max going to buy ? does he still like the 5 points area ? that isn't exactly mayberry . well practice your math and keep in touch .
i have a dinner to go to
i was having my toenails buffed , but i watched it . i am heading downtown sat
are you in love ? what is his last name ? claven ?
well i am glad you are happy . how is work . i have been getting my ass kicked lately .
i work out at the met . i am trying to turn into an adonous . i need to do more sit ups , eat more chicken , and drink more water .
you guys want to do this ? i will play .
i wanna be a gooder speller .
i got a tee time sat at 10 am . the course is cypresswood . let me know if you are in or out .
how is everything going ? did you have fun in denver ? how about the cornhuskers . they seem to be getting by barely . it should be interesting as they play better teams . have you been golfing ? i haven't golfed in a long time , but i am going saturday . i am also going to california next week and will golf there . give me a call this weekend if you get a chance .
let's try that new place main station tomorrow night instead of kinneally's . it is a block from the dog house .
i have to work through the 26th of dec . i can start vacation on the 27th . i think that is the day you said you wanted to head to cancun . let me know when you get a chance .
here is a good excuse to get out of that concert: lsu football game at 7 . you don't need to mention to them that we are going to tear up downtown afterwards . no holds barred is the motto this weekend .
i have to be here on the 26th . i don't think we get that day off . if we do have the day off i can do whatever . they guy i trade the northwest is going to be out of town , that is why i have to be here .
i will check the vacation schedule . i don't know if i have the 26th or the 24th off . i will find out today .
you got to make her forget that dude . your money
we went out too late . there were enormous lines to get into each place . it sucked . we need to get there earlier . i might not be able to play tomorrow night .
she cannot play on the team now . she coaches or something like that . i don't think bryan will be at the game either . lisa should be there .
i might be able to make it . i will know tomorrow . are you in town this weekend .
are you staying in town this weekend ?
so are you going to get that car ?
that is scary .
that is just gross
i should be at the game tomorrow night .
looks like she is going to play
i am in for the happy hour
check this out . it is a beau rivage special
double or nothing means if i win you pay me 100 and if i lose we are flat . do you remember you lost $50 to me on jan 1 ? your math is bad . our bet isn't if i win you owe me $100 and if you win i owe you $100 . that doesn't make sense . you need to stop sniffing the glue . how is the house hunting going ? so are you and max going 50/50 ? i haven't met all cougars . i met a little hottie who is an education major . she is still in school . i am going young so when i get married i wont have to turn her in as early . cougars don't have a long marriage expectancy if you marry someone who wants to trade you in when you are really old for a younger model . geaux tigers . what is up party girl ? i heard you are quite the dirty dancer .
are you playing softball tonight ?
what field are we on tonight ?
i will just meet you there
good one
check this out it is pretty funny
do you get in on it ?
jeff skilling was walking by when i opened it
why did they cancel it
how does this work
do you know who the winner is ? i bet you want to go out with him b/c he has a new truck & boat .
yeah . nothing turns me on like a woman in a truck . does she have rebel flag stickers on the truck and calvin peeing on a ford symbol sticker ?
there is chinese food up here . i think i am going to run down to the delivery van and free the dogs out of the back .
i heard you were throwing a huge halloween party .
i don't understand your rationale in this bet . i was up $50 going into our bet , you were down $50 . for me to now be down $100 is a $150 swing . why would i risk $150 vs . you risking $50 ? florida's math dept . is lousy . when are you and max going to vegas ? i just got back in town from monterrey , ca . it was another boondoggle for work . here is a stock tip for you: pxlw . check it out . also ene . very strong long term .
we need to figure out something to do for halloween on sat night .
he is going to get hurt . your forgot that the saints are cursed .
it is a 2:30 game . if we win i am at fred's right after . fuck eating .
what time the game tomorrow ?
we need you back for softball . we need a catcher .
texas did go to a bowl last year and get run by an arkansas team ( sec ) that was blanked 35-0 in their last regular season game against lsu . big 12 can say they are up this year , but the fact is there are only two teams playing football in that conference , ou/nu . the other teams in the big 12 attribute their loses to a competitive conference from top to bottom . i think they should change the name of the conference to the big 2 . at least the sec is full of good teams . "the big 12 - you can't shine shit!"
are we hitting sierra tomorrow ?
we do need a rivalry . we can get a new rivalry and write a fight song about that team . that will take us over the top .
i have no plans for halloween . what are you going to do ? i was thinking about just throwing a pre-party and then hitting the bars . let me know what you think .
Mr . Jacoby- I wanted to see when was a good time to meet with you regarding the PRC process . Any day next week during the afternoon would be best for Phillip and I . Get back to me when you can and we will set up a date and time . Thank you , Matt Lenhart
i haven't thought about what i should be . i need to think about it . i will let you know . what did you have planned for saturday ?
i didn't go to br . i was in monterrey , cali and didn't get back until late fri . what are you doing sat night for halloween ? i haven't seen you in a long time what has been going on ? i need to think of a good costume . maybe i will be another mullet , just a different kind . how is the job ?
you hate gollata huh ? fights are a waste of money b/c they are never good . i made my mullet wig . it is a work of art . i look like such a tool with it on , but my legs are still great . i like my ankles too . so you are just going to hit that party sat ? what else have you heard that might be going on ? i love halloween . it is a lot of fun dressing up and getting drunk . let me know what you hear of .
i don't shave my legs , but honestly - i like those op shorts . if you know where i can get some let me know . i don't have an alchohol problem you do . what is aa like ?
you have to be creative . didn't you take arts and crafts ? i thought women were good at that .
if you are going to the one in the village i think you should try another place . there is this place called chipotle on kirby two blocks down from bissonet . it is the best . they are out of denver . it is much better than
i might have to be another form of mullet . i will think of something for sat and let you know .
these are not like mission burrito . i hate mission burrito too . these are healthy .
you cant go off of what coulon says . that guy cant eat anything .
i wish i could go every day . i could live on it . we will go some time .
no . i am up for having people over and then heading out on sat . if we get a big group together and go out it could be a good night .
i am going to take that friday off and come in to br . maybe we should set up a tee time around 2 or 3 pm .
i didn't say we were having a party , i said you were having a party . i will spread the word at the analyst happy hour tonight . i will let them knwo that you will provide drinks and food . does susan know about your party ?
we lost . i hate playing softball . it is no fun . people are going to be upset with you if you plan a party and then bail out on it . susan won't like the fact that you didn't tell her about it . how is nyc ? have you hit the clubs yet ?
what is going on ? i have missed some good games . i wanted to go in last week , but i was out of town and didn't get in until late fri night . i think i will be in for the bama game . how old is your friend that is getting married ? a lot of my friends are starting to get engaged . i can't believe everyone gets hitched so young . what else is new ? sounds like your working hard .
lets get it on !
ditto
i get free lunch every day
what two words clear out a men's bathroom ? scroll down nice dick
stop the bad joke respnses and the fag 'miss you much' ,  'love you much' messages please .
you're the seat saver i will buy 2 for sure .
i got two tickets on the 50
you cant lose 30 points from the last time you took it . you have to be honest . you are just lying to yourself
they better not lose to the fucking aints . i don't want to be emabarrassed .
i just got a 28
i got an 86 .
we need to think of something for halloween . have you heard of anything ?
we went to scudieros .
we all got laid by a gang of hot cougars . i had to take your portion since you weren't there .
i was a man whore
it was pretty cool . just some 70's shit . lot of gold .
bob shiring got canned
i am an independent contractor .
how was dallas ? any good stories ? did you get married to your babe ?
are you going to ride in with us fri ? let me knwo . we are going to leave at 12 . this is going to be a party weekend . i am going to live on red bull . give tim a shout at 853-4755 . i cannot make the game tomorrow night . i will be at the rest of them . i will not be able to make it this week . i will be at the rest of them .
is this in response to the unfunny email responses
i will try to do that tomorrow
i can't go to the game tonight . i have other plans .
yeah . i am throwin a rager that starts at 6:30
mitch needs to know if you guys and that other girl are playing tonight . let me know & i will email him .
the team needs you . do it for the team .
lisa said she would play if she gets out of work on time . i haven't been able to get ahold of bryan . i would doubt the other chick would play , but if she does let me know what she looks like .
i suck at softball and i hate playing it . i have a ' team building' thing at the rockets game .
Mr . Skilling- Here are a few questions I would like to submit before your floor meeting on the 32nd floor Wednesday . 1. ) Enron seems to be taking a new approach to their business by taking assets off the books and looking for new opportunities as a market maker in new markets . Is Enron going to be just a trading company ? 2. ) If Enron is just a trading company our earnings could be quite volatile . How could this affect our stock price ? Will Wall Street be prepared to accept more volatile earnings ? 3. ) Volume on EOL seems to be decreasing since the middle of the year and new platforms are being introduced into the market place . Is this going to have a negative effect on Enron's stock price ? 4. ) What are some of the new markets Enron plans to explore in the near future ? 5. ) Is Broadband coming along as quickly as Wall St . expects and how much of our stock price is based on broadband ? I hope these questions are in line with some of the issues you wish to discuss and I look foward to hearing you speak tomorrow . Sincerely , Matt Lenhart
i thought it was a funny comeback larry
tonight ? i am going to a basketball game . i heard people go out and trick or treat on this night or egg kids .
lame reply lame reply #2
thanks . have fun egging the neighborhood kids
lame response #3
did kendra play
if your responses are witty then that tells me wit means retarded and unfunny responses . are you going to sit ryan and i down and tells us how to give stupid responses to every email that comes out ?
those guys can party
did you guys win
Mr . Jacoby- I wanted to see if we could set up a time to meet next week concerning my PRC review . Let me know what your schedule looks like and we will try to meet when it is convenient . Thanks for your time . Matt Lenhart
bobby shiring in the newest member of ees
do you still like apple ? looks pretty safe down here . p/e is only 9 . what do you think ?
bob was canned last week . not suprisingly . i will try to call you guys this weekend .
ou was impressive . crouch sucked after the 1st quarter . i think they told bob " don't let the door hit you in the ass on the way out . " he was a nice guy , but didn't produce . he once said to me " if i didn't have this goddam kid i could retire" . his kid less than 1 year old . talk to you later .
it said if you do that it is bad luck
i told you he would . it wont be easy , but for a year you would learn a lot .
i will try to line up a pig for you
lets meet tonight at 8
done . see you there
no . it just means someone has a lot of ammo . it isn't from that movie .
hey mom , i will check on dates today . i can probably come home the 23rd or 24th . how was your weekend ? i went to baton rouge and watched lsu play . i couldn't find cros anywhere .
i looked for cros but i couldn't find him . i told him where i would be and i was there the whole time . my cell wasn't working on campus . i gave him a call today to find out how we missed eachother .
i will check on whether or not i am going to go to new orleans or not . i might go to dallas for new years if lsu goes to the cotton bowl . i will find out soon . best thing might be for me to fly back to houston on the 28th or 29th and if i go to new orleans i can just drive in .
broncos will roll the aints .
broncos just need to keep griese out of the french quarter on saturday night
how about them tigers ? 6 wins with 2 games to go . let me know when you want to pay off that bet .
it was fun . i am tired now . josh was wearing a ut shirt . i think we are going to end up playing texas in the cotton bowl . i think i would be an ass-whoopin' like texas never had . what did you do this weekend ?
how is dean's . looks like a cool place . how great would it be to party in dallas on new years eve and then begin the year by kicking texas' ass again . that would all major sports . what is up for this weekend ?
you lost to stanford and haven't beat any good teams . texas has no running game . they are too easy to defend .
what is bounce ?
i would rather throw myself off the enron building and bounce on the cement
give me a call again . i lost your work number
i can't open these dirty porn cartoons at work . how is everything going ? i haven't heard from you in a while . max and jen just bought a house from my brother . what are you guys doing for xmas ? or chanuka ? lsu might end up playing florida in the sec championship . look out . let me know how things are going . i can make it if we are the 7:30 game .
just wanted to shoot you an email . let me know if you are going to get down to new orleans . also , lets keep in touch on some of these real estate deals . i am very interested in getting into some of these projects . good to talk to you again . matt
Cooper- I wanted to know if you could send down the foward curves for SP , NP & PV . I also wanted to know if I can access these curves daily here in Houston . Get back to me when you get a chance . Thanks for your help . Matt Lenhart
could you send me a copy of those current curves .
i thought i got a copy from you last time . i will check with ricter .
bring the money by whenever you want . i should be at my desk all day .
call 853-0661 and say his name and you will get connected to his ext . if it rains will the game get cancelled ?
you lost , you need to pay me . part of losing the bet my man . where are you working now ?
is there still a game or a number we can call ?
let me know when you can meet in the lobby and i will go down there
i can't get down there by the end of the year . so you are finally going to get a job ? that is good . why cant your state get all their votes in ? if they don't vote for bush i am going to be so pissed . sounds like max and jen bought a big house . we might need to make a bet on the lsu-flor game in the sec championship .
When do you want to reschedule this meeting ?
way to show up for the game . we had to get a ringer , but she was pretty good . she is one of those softball freaks that goes out every tues night looking to pick up games .
call me before you go down 3-7176
we lost by 1 i think . i can't wait until softball is over . i cant stand the two older guys on the team . one of them got mad and was kicking a trash can and throwing his glove around . don't leave me hanging out there again with some of those freaks . i can't take it .
can i reserve 2 tickets ?
thanks .
i think i will go with the cheaper tickets . thanks for offering up those tickets . it is going to be an expensive weekend . how about this election ?
larry's uncle had some but they are like $50 .
you need to send a warning with that
Jeff- can you send down a foward curve for sp , np , and pv ? also , where can i get these curves daily ?
i have to meet with h.r . today .
i think that we might go to two rows to watch the game b/c they have better food . why don't you guys meet us there . where did you end up in b.r. ? i went to fred's and bogies . it was pretty fun .
hey grandma- how is everything going ? is it cold in neb ? it really got cold here last night . my windows frosted over . how is neb going to do against ksu this weekend ? i think that they will roll them . ksu isn't that good . give me a call when you get a chance . love matt
how could you vote for gore ? especially if you want to become a teacher . i am not scared to go to florida , i just haven't done it . lsu might play florida in the sec championship which would be in dec . we wont know that for two more weeks . how else is everything going ? i am just keeping busy with work and partying . get back to me when you get a chance .
i am just kidding . those people were huge huh ? what has been going on with you ? are you hitting the town tonight or is it too hard to do that with your new job ?
definately let me know when you come into houston . there are a lot of fun bars around town here . what happened to you on sat ? i was hurting on suday driving back . that is the worst part of going back . i heard oxford is fun to party at , but the fans there are assholes . have a good time and keep in touch . matt
i love saban . he is the best coach in college . i just said i like rohan better than booty . you guys partying this weekend ?
that is the saddest response i have heard . teachers should be continually tested . i had some idiot teachers that should have been fired b/c of their incompetence . you shouldn't be scared to be tested if you are good at your job and half way competent . democrats are so lazy . how could you vote democrat ? al gore makes me sick . enough of my ranting and raving . what are you doing this weekend ? i am tired today b/c i went out last night . this is a good scene . probably not as good as miami but there is a lot going on now and our downtown is booming . name some small towns that are cool to live in near south florida . i heard naples is great . i need to live on the ocean .
i am painting purple and gold tiger stripes all over my body .
bush . dick & bush - it is just natural . what are you doing this weekend ? lsu is on espn2 at 7 your time on sat night . how much snow did the mountains get ? get ready for n.o .
i am up for going out wherever . ricky hasn't been producing too many 100 yard games lately . our bet could go either way . give me a call on my cell @
i doubt cros will end up going . sat night is val's engagement party . i just want to stay there for maybe an hour . where are you watching the game tonight ?
cooper- are you guys having trouble pulling the hourly iso data ? if not , let me know so i can get this query fixed . it is missing data for certain days and data for imports/exports . thanks for your help . matt
is that product updating daily for you ? if it isn't we have some term products for calendar year 2002 or 2003 that wouldn't have to be updated . let me know if you need those products on your site . matt
fla- be proud !
griese was great , but it looks like he will be out for awhile . ian gold is a stud .
i might be up for that . i might have to go to a super saturday dinner , but if not i will definately do this .
i love natural gas
i cannot make it tonight . i have a customer dinner .
not that type of gas- i love the natty
pretty good . who is going out sat night ?
dean's is cool . i went there thurs . i went to prague not to long ago . it was pretty cool , but not somewhere i would hang out every sat . i didn't do anything this past weekend b/c i think that i am getting a cold . if we don't do dinner sat night let's definately meet out somewhere . we need to explore downtown some . how is the new job ? are you working 100 hours/wk ?
this is so funny
no . yours ?
i am going to shreveport . one of my buddies is getting married . you ?
i want to stop by longview and meet the woman who won the truck
anyone up for woodys tonight
around 9.30
just me and you big guy !
we gonna get some bitches
no order there . we will probably head over there around 9.30
i will give you a call later and we can meet up there or something .
do you still get worth magazine ? there is an article on enron and they use a photo from the gas trading floor . you can see me in the photo . i am at the top under the second flat screen on the right . i am blurred so you can't really tell it is me .
we are going to hit woody's tonight if you are interested
i wish i could come up too , but i am going to head to that wedding . i need to leave fri morning . it is going to stay cold there until next week . check out that article . i haven't read it yet . i will call this weekend b/c i will not be home tonight .
the one across from the pink pussycat . hull and i are meeting there around 9.30 . i think there should be a lot of folks there . give me a call on my cell and we can meet up there .
9.30 . it is gonna be tha bomb
get in touch with me if you guys come in on saturday . we are planning on going out downtown most likely . you can call me on my cell at 713-8258410 or at home at 713-807-1699 . should be a good weekend to be here . i think there is a lot going on . email me back .
this is that hottie from fred's
she is probably ugly
i told her i was busy and don't call me . i gave her my digits and told her to call .
and some oil
did you make it to woody's ? it was all poles and no holes when i was there . we are going to hit kennelleys after work if you are up for it .
i didn't get your message until i got home . we will probably head over there around 5 or earlier . i will give you a call before we head out .
we will be there around 5
what is going on ? i figured that you wouldn't be coming to houston due to the weather on saturday . just let me know if you want to come in and we can hit the town . i won't be in houston over thanksgiving or the following weekend . actually , the following weekend i will be in new orleans . my brother is coming in town and we are staying at my family's place in the quarter . talk to you soon . matt
that was epic . i was so pissed i almost left the sports bar where i was watching the game . we need griese back . you ready for new orleans ? should be fun . when are you getting there and what day do you leave ?
our defense is holding us back . they make me sick . if we had a defense like baltimore we would be superbowl favorites . i will try to fly in on that friday . i am going to take fri and mon off .
i got the message . i didn't think you guys would make it . i am going to new orleans to meet my brother and just go out . we are just going to party in the french quarter . my parents own a place down there so we have a free place to stay . one of my friends is also having an engagement party that saturday that i have to go to . if you guys want to party in new orleans give me a call b/c we will be down there from that fri through that monday . i haven't gone out in the quarter in such a long time . talk to you soon . matt
this doesn't have an attachment . how about them seminoles !
i will be out of town for the game
i think i am going to fly in fri afternoon . i am going to work in the morning and then leave . call me here at work and i will give you the fax number .
i don't have that many roomates . they just tell you that b/c you will believe anything . did you call me last night ? if you did i will get back to you soon . that is odd that your friend from la . is jewish . you don't see that too often . i will visit....sometime . don't pressure me on that .
i will give you a call . things are going nuts here right now .
after work there is a eol happy hour at the state bar . hull said we could all go , so if you want in let me know . i am heading there straight after work .
he's got room . i will give you a call before i leave .
i am actually going to fly into new orleans next friday . i arrive around 6pm . we can meet up at our place in the quarter when you guys want to come down . i will try to give you a call next week . i have to go to shreveport for thanksgiving . one of my friends is getting married to a divorced lady with a kid . the wedding should be fun except for the shreveport part . i hate that place . have a good time in lake chuck .
i got an email from that chick and she and her roomate want to meet us out . we will be set up .
cotton bowl
grandma- nebraska sure got lucky . cu choked at the end . looks like lsu could end up playing nebraska in the cotton bowl .
i cannot go tues night .
it was ok . i spent a lot of time at the casino . did you stay home or go to austin ? texas looked pretty good on friday . how is your dad ?
double click on the underlined website at the bottom
i won at the casino . it was a profitable trip .
no time for lunch dr . jones
from indiana jones when the chinese kid says "no time for love dr . jones"
you just know b/c you saw the movie . didn't you ever see indiana jones ?
that is how i impress girls . maybe that is why they don't understand me . i am so deep . i am so misunderstood .
too much beer retention on my six pack . but my calves and thighs are so sculpted . works of art .
i don't have hair on my back and not that much on my chest . i wish i had more on my chest then i could grow a mustache and tell the chicks to call me magnum .
you know what my porn name is ? it is francis marion . you can figure yours out by taking your middle name and adding it to the name of the street you grew up on .
i wont tell . you could be sakora pine . that is a pretty good porn name .
she was on howard stern and some 18 year old won a prom date with heard and lost his v-card . she kind of dated him for a bit . nice girl .
queen
what is going on ? the address for the place we are staying at is 931 st . peter . it is on the same block as the gold mine and runs perpendicuar to bourbon st . i will have my cell on me fri and that number is ( 713)825-8410 . i arrive in new orleans aroudn 5:30 fri night so we can meet up whenever you guys want . if you guys need a place to stay there is plenty of space in this house . be ready to party . don't wear your camoflauge when we go out . i don't want to be embarrassed . just kidding .
why ? doesn't soy clean the pipes ?
soy is discusting
did i spell disgusting wrong ? at least i didn't put it in a book for the world to see . i have never had any of that stuff .
i don't think we will get killed . we aren't as bad as we played this week . actually i have tried sushi and those beans are good but i hate the sushi .
get the key for the extra slave quarter so some of the girls coming fri have a place to stay .
hopefully some can stay with us in the nice place and if any of them are ugly they can stay in the other place .
there is more than enough room . there is parking just in the street somewhere . you might be able to get rock star parking in the front of the place . if not , just find some place out on the street . no camo or bright orange and dont make duck calls all night . i will be there at 6pm . should be a good weekend . see you soon . matt
nice stride by
go to aimr.com
never heard it but i like the sound of it . this weekend i am going to new orleans and my brother is meeting me down there .
i am heading to new orleans this weekend to do some partying . no uropa , just sluts in the quarter .
i remember you . you're not that old . i am mature .
i bet you could teach me something huh ?
your so money . you won't have any problems . you should have hit sierra last wednes- it was loaded .
no
enron has been a piece . looks like every company that deals in broadband is getting killed . it is like they forgot we also do energy .
number is 504-598-1737 . he is in . call if you want to go out b/c there will be 4 girls who want to party .
it was fun . i am still dead . way too much partying . how was your weekend ?
i am in
is that supposed to be funny ?
how are finals going ? what day are you going to come to houston ? any time is fine , just let me know . should be a fun weekend . we can head out downtown afterwards and hit some of the wierd clubs . good luck with the rest of you finals . matt
nice email . anyway , congratulations on your recent engagement . max saved you from becoming a major cougar like your buddy stacey . just kidding . i was really happy for both of you . as far a my responsibilities as the best man , i need to make sure that we send max out of the single life in style . don't worry , there will not be anything crazy going on with hired entertainment or anything . how is work going for you ? must be going well since you and max just bought a big house . i will be in town on dec 22nd so be ready to go out .
here is a marriage video for you to enjoy
can you get me the rent check today ?
anyone up for woody's tonight around 9:30 ?
i think that is tomorrow
you up for woody's tonight ?
she blew me up
no . go out after you're done at work
i am going out tonight
i called her 8 times when i got home last night
that is funny shit
go to adcritic.com and go to the john werner bear fight .
yeah and we are going out tonight . shawn is actually in town . we should meet up .
hopefully downtown baby !
where are we drinking tonight
how much did you hate that brit
Mr . Ponce- I just wanted to get back with you on some of your customers . Gas in California really came off and I just wanted to get the feeling of the industrials after the one day drop . Give me a call when you get a chance @ Matt Lenhart
did you get invited to the wedding ?
that isn't normal ?
getting married to your sister in law
i just heard about it
i hate this job
last week was ubeliveable and in two days it is all gone my bonus will suck
congrats . i hate my job .
why did you guys get all that stuff already ? you still have over a year . is it still going to be in the caymens ? what are you doing for christmas ? i mean chuanaka ?
i didn't mean to be snippy . i am just stressed . how is everything going ? i am going home for a week . i am looking foward to it .
that shit was funny . i even rated you on that site . do you log in every 30 min to check your ratings .
how much would i make working for a real estate developer ?
looks like your boy gore finally bowed out . it is about time that guy conceded the election . why are you so stressed ? i bet that you are a stess hound . how nice is it in florida ?
what is your ext ? i have a question about global markets . just give me a call .
i never take my stress out on other people . new years will be great . i think i am going to new orleans . you will be missing me over new years .
it was no trouble . let me know if you need anything else .
no . you are really on there .
that is gonna be me this weekend
look harder . it is a funny picture . i think you had a 4.7 avg .
you weren't on there . if you were i am sure you would be a 10 .
got to work dude
are you going out tonight or something ? i think chad has a good opp in austin . now i have somewhere to stay when i go to austin every other weekend . i did have a good date the other night . i haven't spoke with her since so i don't know if i am going out with her or not tonight .
is your dad ok ? what is hines ? is that a development firm ? i just didn't call her last night . you can't call them the next night . that looks pathetic if you do . this way she can sit around and think about me for a day . she is a cool chick . nice , cute sorority chick . well let me know if you go out .
if it is real estate development i would like to look into it . let me know . i want to see what type of work it is .
ho w have you been ? i haven't been up to much just going out and stuff . are you going home for the holidays ? i am heading to denver this weekend and will be there through next week . what are you doing over new years ? no . i like the rockets a lot , but not as much as the nuggets . i will be home on fri .
i am heading to new orleans for new years . chad actually went home for the holidays and is moving to austin at the beginning of the year for a govt rotation for enron .
i will try to talk with mike later this week . is he in development or accounting ? thanks for calling him for me .
i am going to try to rent out my place and get another hopefully .
this is for mom i just want some clothes from polo . or some colonge from polo - called polo sport . what do you want ?
how long do you have your lease at midtown ?
you staying warm up there ? looks like the wind chill is sub 30 . what do you and billie have planned for the holidays ? i am heading home on friday . i am looking foward to getting home . hopefully the weather wont be too cold . well i just wanted to say hello . talk to you soon . matt
look for some gifts i sent home for lori , mckenna and grandma . they should get there before friday . if not let me know . i got mckenna something from etoys and i heard they are having some problems . their stock dropped to $0.28 yesterday from $82 last year so i don't know if they even care anymore . see you this weekend .
tell grandma i can't wait to hear her sing .
we have diff # for jp . as of 12/17 we have a bal of 11.346 in jp .
that is right . i was looking at our operations group numbers which are incorrect .
that is classy
the texas bet was that they wouldn't win the national championship within the next 3 years .
thanks for the xmas card . that was real nice .
you were right about my flight time . i will see you at the passenger pickup .
i will be in town fri afternoon . tell max and i will see you guys either fri or sat .
i will be home fri afternoon . i will see you and max fri or sat .
doesn't matter . it won't happen either way .
i am up for whatever . let's just try to get something planned before xmas .
i don't know
lets drive in your new car
nice .
my status is questionable now .
Could one of you send me a foward curve for sp , np & pv . I need it for our bid week meeting tomorrow afternoon . Thanks for your help .
hey mom . i forgot to tell you that i could use a portable phone w/ caller id . i don't have either . this is just a suggestion if you haven't finished shopping . see you tomorrow .
i thought you got that car over labor day .
mom is going to pick me up . i will bring plenty of luggage . see you tomorrow .
i might talk to them after the holidays . i am more interested in hearing what they do not neccessarily a career change . my # is 7138537176
this is the website and path to the file .
it was good to see you too . we should have partied some more . it is tough to stay in denver for too long now b/c of work . i think that website is classmates.com . i am not sure b/c some girl here was on the website and that is where i saw dana's personal ad . i was so funny b/c lisa wimbush said " i am 24 and engaged" and dana said " i am 24 and single" . everyone at work was laughing . i hope you are having fun in san fransico . keep in touch . matt
where do yo get tickets for prague . i need to get two . i am gonna stay in town . we are heading to champs for the game if you want to go .
for new year's i am going to stay in houston . i was going to new orleans but i don't feel like making the drive now . it is fairly dead at work for me too . what are you doing in sf again ? sf is such a cool city . do a lot of your friends from oregon live there ? i will check out that web site today .
would you mind picking me up two tickets for prague ?
call me when you get a chance . they have the wrong ext . for you on voice activation thing .
new years was fun . i stayed in town and went to that club prague . that place is crazy . were you in new york through the end of the year ? i haven't heard of a natl champ party , but i think you should throw one .
we bought tickets for $30 . it is a different place . what did you do on new years ? i wasn't that excited for it this year .
are those lsu recruits ? where can i see that stuff ?
i knew about trickett but not the other guy .
around 8 . i was too dead to get up . i will get it today . his buddy adam got arrested that night for public intoxication .
good , safe and clean fun ? didn't add to your corruption score ? is that the tubbing place ?
it sucks to be somewhere flat for new years
how was new years ? i stayed in town and went to prague . tough loss . pac 10 sure is tough for texas to beat .
could you get me access to a foward curve for pv , np , & sp ? thanks for your help . matt
i decided not to go b/c nobody really had any plans . i didn't want to drive either . chad is moving tomorrow . are you guys partying this weekend ?
you forgot to add stanford to your list . i think they worked you over too .
sure
men's club
how was new years in new orleans ? did you shoot your 9 in tha air @ 12
we can get her a lap dance
that is the best news i heard all day . how was new orleans .
i sent her a gift certificate from amazon . should be in the mail now and it is addressed to lori . gas did come off . weather looks nice everywhere . how was new years ?
keepin it real in 2-0-0-1
what did you do on new years ? sorry i didn't come . i didn't feel good and i didn't feel like driving 10 hours for a short weekend . i was glad sunday i wasn't on the road b/c i felt like shit . did you see lsu ?
did you and mike go to maiden voyage ?
i got your email address . hope you had a great new years . love matt
we just got that center wilkerson . he is the best lineman in the country .
i need to pick up my jacket tonight . will you be there around 7 ?
great . he can go there with all the talent in the world and get run by the
i will take that bet .
you make them . i just don't think they will win the next two nat'l champ .
i mean big 12 . i don't think they will win the next two nat'l championships . texas definately won't .
i meant the big 12 . i don't think that they will win the next two .
you must be on this "best conference" kick b/c your team lost . sec had a down year by their standards , but that isn't the point . lsu beat a good georgia tech team to win the peach bowl . texas lost to a pac-10 team . i don't need to pump up the lsu's conference b/c we won our bowl game . i will pay you , but it is pretty sad that you are cheering for an arch rival that smoked you guys in dallas .
lsu owns texas . did we not beat you at basketball and baseball in their most important collegiate tournaments ? why does everyone from ut think they have such a storied program ? you haven't won in decades . your current coach has proved he can't win big games . you guys will be ranked high ( as you were this year) , but you won't hold that ranking . texas has the easiest schedule and they will manage to lose an early one as usual . all i heard last year at this time was that 2000 was supposed to be the year , but look how that turned out . you guys should be a little more competitive next year against ou . good luck .
i am going to go out . give me a call at home or on my cell .
we couldn't get in . the line wasn't moving so we went to the hub . i tried to call your cell phone and leave a message . i got your message late last night about the movie . my cell phone was upstairs and i couldn't hear it ringing . how was mercury room ?
nope . we can hit the town this weekend . i like that place the hub . they play good music .
we will finish top ten next year in the polls
thanks for sending me another chain letter . i am very superstitious .
i have a good idea for that business . there are all these gov't forclosure properties that we should buy up cheap . we can discuss it more next time we get drunk .
i want to do it . it will be fun to be your boss .
i lost your number in austin . i tried to give you a call last night and clear up our argument from saturday . that got way out of hand and i apologize for that . there is no reason for me to be such a hot head about that . give me a call when you get a chance and we can clear up that mess . your parents got your stuff yesterday . let me know what you want to do with that tv . talk to you later . matt
saban should tell him don't let the door hit you in the ass on the way out .
yeah . didn't you get it already ?
just let me know
i still owe you $30 right ?
any luck with those np & sp/ on-off peak curves ? let me know when you get a chance . thanks , matt
that is b/c that pussy knows he wont play
so i will take minn ( 1.5) . you want that ?
i got min -1.5 for $30
yeah . you ? we have an extra day also . i want to go out sat .
we need to book a trip to club med can cun . i heard it is just like that show temtation island .
i have your juvenille cd & i might not give it back . you in town this weekend .
i am staying in town for the weekend . what are you doing ? i think that i am going out sat . give me a call if you are going out .
is excel ( psco ) going bankrupt ? have you heard anything about that ?
i have a tee time for 5 on sat @ 12:07 if you want to play . the tee time is at herman golf course . let me know today if you want in .
i thought i heard something but i wasn't sure . i just didn't buy it . how is everything going ?
are you in if it doesn't ?
sounds good .
you going out tonight ?
you getting out early ? you going out tonight ?
we are playing liars poker right now if you want in . give me a call later if not .
i think you see the writing on the wall that we are going to dominate . who cares about the last two years , it is about now . we are going to rope-a-dope ya . tell him to keep checking his mail and it might be there in a couple of weeks .
the gas daily pricing is the correct one .
how was sat night ? i tried to call your house but the number isn't in service .
no . i was dead on sat night . i was out late on fri . it was fun . you should have stayed out .
if you sign up on msn messenger brian hoskins is on there as "mr . right" . he was signed up as that on the trading floor msn list . i couldn't believe it .
how was saturday ? you didn't miss anything at uropa .
please send the deal number again .
i will have to remember those for when i go out next time .
i went in and changed it .
hey- chevys are nice , that is what i drive . so tom came up to north dakota to steal your car and didn't even buy you guys dinner ? that kid has no class . things are going well here . i have been seeing some girl for awhile now . other than that nothing is new . enron is getting all its employees new computers so let me know what billie wants to do with the laptop that you guys gave me . if you guys want it i can send it up , if not i will keep it still . it is a very good cpu . i think you guys should buy a new lincoln ls . they are very nice cars and i don't think that they are too expensive . has grandma set a date for our vacation this summer ? any time is really ok . give me a call when you get a chance . i will be home all weekend . love matt
no thanks . superbowl sunday is a big day for me . i will go out this weekend so give me a call .
i got all our bills in . i will write checks for all of them and you can just write me a check for your portion which is $138.38 .
i have the tickets for them that go in the envelopes , but i don't have copies . our bills our higher b/c our electric bill was up $25 . but i didn't keep copies .
i don't think i have the detail . i am not adding uneccessary charges to your phone bill . i tallied it up as i always do . i am up for it
you never used to check it . i always threw it away after i tallied it .
those are fucking funny
anyone up for going out tonight ? let me know .
we are going to meet some sluts
ditto
i don't need another cpu . the lap top that you guys gave me is very fast and i still use it all the time . i will be home all weekend so give me a call when you get the chance .
did you get martha and billie's car ? did you give them something extra for hooking you up ? go to the web site www.adcritic.com and look at the fox sport commercials for the basketball promo . there is one for the jazz , spurs , lakers and knicks . they are hillarious .
did you see those commercials
they are so funny
I made a few changes from on the Socal forecast: 1. ) Put in the updated PV , NP , & SP power curves - now the generators are running at peak levels 2. ) Increased Ehrenberg from 1.2 to 1.25 3. ) Took off the weather adjustments when the new SP generation begins The new forecast brings Socal storage to a max of 86 Bcf before Q3 . We can discuss this further on Monday . Matt
did you guys play football yesterday
played paintball with people in risk . it was a blast . did you go out ? i had a date on fri but i didn't do shit on sat .
i hear you . i was a nerd this weekend .
my number is ( 713)807-1699
i cannot make this tonight
got plans with this girl who's bday is today
daddy has got to get laid
happy birthday . is everyone there being nice to you today ? get a to go box of cake so i can eat some . the website with the funny commercials is www.adcritic.com . go to "syncronized slammin" . that is funny . also check out the top 100 and look at "spoof- '88 aries" and "blind date" . let me know what you think .
it probably is coastal . they merged not too long ago .
go to www.amihotornot.com . this is funny .
you have got to get a computer that is out of the 80's to see the cool stuff i see
did they buy you guys new "used" computers ? when i got my car it was new to me even though it was used . we are just a much more advanced company .
want to play liars ? my dad could beat up your dad
give me a call when you get a chance . i got your message this morning . i don't think i will get to austin for at least a few weeks so it would be best if you just mailed the check .
just send one check and i will write the check for all three . i will try to get the detail sent today .
do this test and let me know your score
i don't know . i only have 40 bucks .
wow ! i got a 15 . i will play . i just need some booty from her . i am working like a dog on it .
what are you saying ? that i am a skank ?
i know people who want to play
i got an 89 . i am a good boy .
why would you think i would have a high score ?
i am just a little puppy dog
we hav e a tee time sat at herman for 11:40 .
hells yeah you up for golf sat ?
playing sat @ 11:30 . you want to play liars poker later ?
what is your ext . i will call you
we will play around 5 or 530
is this safe to open b/c i don't have a private office
rank and yank
i would but i am going to ruggles with that girl . let s hit it hard on sat after golf .
i got your message last night this morning . i was already asleep when you called . did you go out last night ? i thought you were drinking and dialing me . just kidding . i will pick you up at 8:30 tonight .
fuck fri . go out sat .
mci is mailing the bill so i will fax it to you when i get it . just send that check this weekend b/c i am going to send in the bills . also think of a good weekend for us to go up and party in austin . mid feb is probaly the best .
is this safe to open . i don't want anymore of your porn
for someone who isn't into their birthday you sure are stretching out this celebration . it is about as long as mardi gras . 830 isn't too late for me . i will be there with bells on . when you become an adult , as i am , sometimes you get a little more tired . and if you have to be at work at 7 am rather than 9 you get a little more tired . where did your brother take you ?
did you bring money
i don't get it
i get it
what are you doing this weekend ?
it is probably the second or third most important day of the year behind jesus's birthday and maybe superbowl sunday . i had to throw a football reference in there . my bad , 830 is a lot earlier than 9 . i think it is still dark at that hour . well i would love to continue this fascinating dicussion but i need to get ready to play liar's poker . i need to win some money so we don't have to wash dishes after we eat tonight . see you at 830 .
what are you writing thank you notes for ?
i am sorry to hear that . i had no idea . i knew you told me he was ill . are you ok ?
i didn't know shirley's father died .
if you ever need to talk just give me a call . i can't imagine it would ever be easy even if you were expecting it .
www.adcritic.com . go to syncronized slammin then check out coppertone burn , artificial butter , can of picante . those are on the right of the first commercial . then go to top 100 and see number 17 , and blind date .
patty sullivan gets the numbers each day . i think her report is out on the web each day . check with her and you can get the numbers each day .
are you a superfan of football after that game ? that game was brutal . i think you birthday was more important than yesterday . how was your party ?
oh yeah- i forgot we covered that the other night . there is no question about your birthday and the superbowl unless denver plays . i went to a buddy's house to watch the game and left at halftime b/c i had no interest in the game . your favorite band was on at halftime . i know you were excited about that . so why don't you come over this week and watch 9 1/2 weeks .
damn baby chill ! did you wake up on the wrong side of the bed this morning ? 9 1/2 weeks isn't a dirty movie , it's a classic . you will see . so why don't you come over tomorrow . but don't come too late b/c i can't stay up that long . did you cry tears of joy when nsync was on ? i couldn't have made it in that band b/c i am too rugged . those guys are little sallys .
how can you call those nerds beautiful . the guy with the beard and the one with the dreadlocks are eye sores . and those litte mos aren't more rugged than me . i could kick all their asses . anyway , why don't you come over between 7 and 8 . that will give me time to work out for the 8th time of the day tomorrow .
i owe you some money huh . i forgot . just send me you address again and i will mail the check tomorrow .
i was thinking about that earlier . i could have used the money . i couldn't even stay for the second half . i ate all that papa john's and my stomach almost exploded . i will play you one hand of liars for it .
come on shooter
is the one with the curly hair the one that supposedly dates britney ? there is no way she would go out with a geek like that . you can come over whenever . you wont ruin my workout routine .
try this . it is pretty cool to see your baby pic .
i'll do curls for the girls
you're cocky
tell slim pickins i sent his check today
if that's what you call it
she is taking two guys i work with to the game tonight
i think so . one of the guys seems to know her .
paul lucci . he is the old guy i hang out with sometimes .
like 35 or something
no . he is divorced though . the other guy going is the one from a&m i told you about . the old guy is hilarious . he is the funniest person i know .
by the way , i never said anyone cheated
no . i just don't want your sister in law telling these guys that i said that . could ruin my rep . you coming over at 730 ?
did you not go out sat ?
you guys still suck
you guys suck
we went to tim's but it was pretty lame . i felt like crap . i am glad i didn't make that party , but i heard susan was russian dancing again .
i bet you are dying to see this movie
you got to be 100% to go out
you know i can't leave early and skip my workout . how am i gonna stay such a stud if i stop working out ? plus , i am having a fat day b/c i only worked out once yesterday .
are you tired ? will you do me a favor and at noon think of me touching you ?
can't make it
a new site for lsu i heard about . it might not be new to you , but if it is it is the most complete lsu recruiting page .
i was tired , but don't worry i still had a good work out . my legs are looking great . you coming over again tonight ?
did you ask that girl out ? if not go ahead and ask her out and we will make plans . we can take them for margaritas then to galant night .
this is pretty cool . see if you can find your picture .
your sister in law was looking out for you last night by asking all these questions about me .
that website is funny . it just returns a picture of a baboon . i totally forgot grandma's and tom's birthday . i will call her tonight .
she was just asking what i do at enron and if i am nice or an asshole . she is just looking out for you . hopefully these guys didn't bury me to bad . you know you loved that movie so don't pretend that you didn't . it sounded like it was the 7th or 8th time you saw it .
hey grandma- sorry i didn't call you on your birthday . i hope you had a good one . what else is going on ? i have just been working and hanging out with this girl . i will call soon . dad said we have our reservations for the family vacation this summer . i will call you tonight or tomorrow . love matt
happy belated birthday . sorry i didn't give you a call . what all did you get ? i will try to call you tonight or something .
i don't want to know about you and any other guys . i don't need to think about that kind of bad stuff . those guys just told her i was money .
you spoke with your sister ? what did they say ?
things are going well here . nothing much is new in houston . my life just seems to be work . actually it is a lot of fun here . mitch , val , and tim are here so we golf and go out a lot . what are you doing at your new job ? did you change into a new field or just jump companies . is natalie working ? shoot me back an email when you get a chance . matt
she will say that i am so money
they didn't say i was the coolest person they know at work ?
i doubt that . give me a call later .
did you go and sign up on that website ? there are a lot of people from our class on there . what is going on ? how is san francisco ? can you pay your gas bill . i trade energy in that area . how is the nightlife ? are you dating at all ? life here is hectic . i have just been working and going out . when are you going home again ? i don't know when i will get back there , but i wish i was going back to ski . shoot me an email when you get a chance .
let me know when you want to play liars . next time i won't be as tardy . i usually pay up quick . glad you got your money .
where did you go last night ? is wednesday a happening night in denver ? did you pick up any talent ?
go to www.dandydan.com or dandydon . it is the most comprehensive lsu football recruiting site there is .
did you ask that ckick out for sat or not
let's do our bet tomorrow night . i will give you 2 strokes .
i don't know . what are you doing tonight ? call me later b/c i need to go film something for enron . i am a movie star .
how is everything going ? what are you and al doing this weekend ? that is pretty funny . i am glad you didn't put me in to the pic .
yes . you need to come over more .
you need to b/c i can't have too many days like today . you ready for an ass kicking like you've never had ? brink a jacket b/c i don't want to hear you complaining on the golf course .
i won't be in a bad mood . i will be excited to see you . 
around 7:30
i never see sammy . i ran into him on a thursday night about 2 months ago , but i have not seen him since . the girl situation is good . i have just been dating this girl from texas a&m , but she is not a die hard a&m freak so it is cool . do you hang out with bert ? i can't believe he is getting married . talk to you soon .
i don't think you are really good . i think a little luck fell into your lap . any time you want a shot at the title let me know . i will leave work right now to go kick your ass at that game .
somebody posted a 2000 bmw for sale on the enron message board for $30k . i think you should get it .
how much longer are you president of the board of realtors ? did you hear about aunt martha ? she is pretty sick . she was in i.c. , but i think that she is doing much better .
i might travel the country looking for games
told you she would get back to you today
did you ever send that check
i will give you a shot at the title when you get back
golf sat at longwood . micha got a tee time and needs three people . let me know if you are in today .
in or out ?
do you want to play golf sat afternoon at longwood ? i will get a tee time late in the afternoon so we can party on friday . let me know when you get this . i think i am going to go on fri night . i can only take that atmosphere for about one night . when are you going ?
i haven't been up to much . what about you ? are you going to the rodeo thing this weekend ? i think i am going to head out there on fri . let me know when you want to go get a drink .
i need to get some tickets too . there are a lot of people heading there on fri so we can all meet up some where . we can figure it out towards the end of the week .
lets meet up at the rodeo . i know enron has a booth and one of my buddies is bartending so we can get free drinks . you can drink your cpa sorrows away fri . it should be fun there . i will get in touch with you on thurs or something to let you know what is going on .
you in for the rodeo on fri night
it is gonna be the bomb dog . i will try to get you and celeste a ticket
friday at the rodeo and sat who knows
i think they are here in a couple of weeks
what are you doing ? are you coming to hang out tonight ? i need some good luck .
no it was a good day . i was nervous at lunch but i hadn't looked at all the info . where did you go run errands at ? the galleria ?
did you get me a card or something there ?
let's go ms jackson
i forgot . i even put it out
what time is the game
i will be home by 6 . come pick up the jersey early so you can get your ass kicked at madden .
we have a tee time for noon on sat at longwood .
i have seen you play and i don't need to worry about shit
is this porn
you didn't think that was funny chief ?
that sister comment was gross . i didn't have a good day yesterday , but you can come over again tonight and try to give me some good luck for tomorrow . i am net up for the two times you have stayed over so i think we should keep it up . did you watch your favorite show last night ?
i got extra tickets to the bbq . i say we start drinking around 6 .
bet
micha will pick us up at my place saturday @ 10:30am . it is a long drive out there .
what is going on in denver ? are you and max finishing the details on your wedding plans ? i need to get everyone's email who is going to attend the bachelor party if you have them . let me know if you have them and how everything is going .
what is going on ? how are things in denver ? have you and max finished planning your wedding ? i need to know if you have everyone's email address that will be attending the bachelor party . i have got to get the plans for the party together . don't worry about it though b/c it will be clean fun . let me know if you have them and how everything is going . matt
what kind of inside info ?
okay i will answer your questions . i made more money the first time you stayed over than i lost the second time you stayed over so i am net up . here is a simple equation to explain: 2x -1x = x . x is still positive . i watched the show and i can't believe that i am that in to it . so what are your rumors ? you have to tell now .
we will be there for about 1/2 hour to 45 min before tee off .
these videos are pretty good . i saw the texas video the last two years .
go to www.mrfebruary.com . i am not sure what it means , but i think that is the nickname for mack brown "mr . february" .
it is such a sleazy show though . and it is cheesy . i am not cheesy , but i do enjoy it . i thought you had some good rumors . the equation was helpful ? sometimes it is easier to understand if you see the numbers . come over tonight around 730ish or after friends since you don't want to miss that show .
this is kind of gross , but it is real funny . i don't think this is your type of humor , but girls here at work thought that it was funny so hopefully you will too .
i laughed until i cried
totally serious
did you get my email yesterday ? i emailed you to see if you could get me the numbers and email addresses of the bachelor party guys . go ahead and send them to me if you have them . i would love to go to miami on april 6th but i might have a wedding in new orleans . if i don't have to go to this wedding i will go to your engagement party . things are good here . i am still dating this girl that i was dating when i was home over xmas . i guess we are boyfriend/girlfriend b/c she gave me the business last night on how she wanted to be treated and crap like that . i like her though . so how does that work for your wedding ? what all is the wedding party expected to pay for ? work is good . i have just been working and partying . email me back or i will call you and max this weekend . take care matt i really want to go to miami
what is going on ? are you tired today . i think we are going to meet at my place around 6:30 to go to the rodeo thing tonight . let me know if you are going to come . email me back matt
it was so good to hear from you last night . it made me feel so much better that you are home and ok . hopefully everything goes well and we can see eachother in the black hills . i will try to call this weekend . tell everyone hello . love matt so we are going to meet at my place at 630 ?
today is very good . you brought me the luck today
are you going to go out with me on valentines day ?
i will ride with you
we are going to be at the enron booth around 7 tonight ? are you guys still going ?
when is your bachelor party ?
one of my friends is picking me up . i guess we will see you there around 7 .
you had better not have another date . you are a player though . call me when you get home so i know if you are going to the rodeo tonight . hopefully you can make it . talk to you later .
you have to give me a second to reply . so you are going to meet me there ? i can leave you tickets for the booth at my place or you can call me on my cell when you get there . i will put your name on the list at the enron booth . my cell phone is 7138258410 . if i dont hear it call again . if i don't hear it after the second time check the booth and i will try to put your name on the list . did your friends say it was fun last night ? i will be drinking a lot tonight so don't give me grief like last time . i am real sensitive .
what time are you going to go ?
you can go whenever . just let me know so if you meet me there i can look out for you around then . i am going at 630 if you guys want to meet up then .
my place . so you can meet us there or i can get your name on the list . i can definately get you in no matter what so if you don't want to go that early you dont have to . let me know . i am going to wear my cowboy hat and my bolla tie . are you going to the rodeo tonight ?
around there
. sounds good
yeah . we will be at the enron booth .
i don't know what it is about having a girlfriend , but it is the best way to meet other girls . is she hot ? maybe we could meet up one night or something like that . how was your weekend ? i went to the cook off both nights and had a blast . how old is this girl ?
ask them when would be a good time for them to go to phoenix one weekend . i would love to go visit them in phoenix and golf for 4 days . just see when they can go and i will coordinate the trip . i will call them tonight . love matt
i will let you know . if i play lets up the money to $10/hole . you are so bad i don't think i can lose to you .
did he go out on sat ? that would make him a real champ .
that is pretty bad since you suck so bad at golf
what is cheaper and when is the concert
do we need to wear disguises so we don't get killed ? lets get seat so we can sneak in booze .
lets get tickets
i don't think i will play on sat
i am just seeing this girl . i has only been a couple of months . lets all meet up one night and party .
it is only worth it for $10/hole . you shouldn't even waste your money on a nice course . you need lessons . stop losing money to me and wasting your money at a nice course . lessons will help .
trying to get a head count on who wants to go to def leppard . everyone knows they love def leppard so i don't want any replies making fun of me b/c i am going to the concert . it is march 1st and it is gonna rock . the whole thing is gonna be mullets and cougars so it should be fun . let me know if you want to go .
i think i wrote down the wrong number . call again .
everyone wants to go . we will get a huge group to go .
you guys looked like you were discussing lots of interesting things . i bet your boyfriend was upset .
when do we need to get tickets ? here is a list of people who want to go:
i am just teasing you , but you did introduce us to some guy you went out with who is an analyst here . i had so much fun on sat night . it was crazy .
you said " this is my sweet baby"
saturday is better for me . just let me know .
depends on the year . generally around 10,000 miles a year . don't get anything with more miles than that . and if you are looking for something aroung 98 or 97 see if it is still under warranty . you are such a shooter !
my address is 1212 fairview unit A i think my mom's address is denver 80206 but i am not sure i will try to call this week .
just whenever . i would rather go out as a group .
is anyone from denver going ? let me know what the guest list looks like . i would love to go , but i need to check flights and all that stuff .
i wanted to stay for a few weeks . just kidding . i am thinking 3-4 days . they is robbie and becky . let me know what they say .
everyone wants to go johnny cash is so cool
lets buy 8 . i can put them on a credit card or whatever .
i was just kidding . you are easy to tease .
looks like a deal . i think i am going to go to your bachelor party and not miami . i bet you are real excited about that . lets set up golf for fri or sat . you missed a good night on sat .
don't they have one every hour
that is good
lisa found this to pump us up
mo
looks bleek . we need to buy . these brokers suck .
hold up on that
i might have tickets
if you feel lucky
i got 6 tickets to the concert . they are club level seats and should be pretty good . we still need two and i can work on those b/t now and the concert .
club level
did you tell her i have great ankles i won't know until the tickets are delivered .
we might need 3 or 4 . i will get bass to get them
no . i hate live music . is this girl hot ? i don't want to meet her and get that dissappointed look on my face .
i didn't get them through the big e . some punk broker .
that is secondary . i am more of a face man . just kidding . kind of .
i will take your word for it .
happy valentines day . i will see you tonight .
hey annie ! good to hear from you . how is everything going ? do you have a valentine ? i have one . it is a girl i have been seen for a few months . you are so lucky you get to go skiing . i wish i could hit the slopes . i haven't skiied in over a year . you do need a rich guy to support you in san fran . it is so expensive there . you could just go anna nicole and get some guy who is almost dead and inherit all his cash . you're not that type of girl though which is good . who else lives up there . i thought erin and her sister lived there also . i can't remember . keep in touch and stay warm there . matt
nice
can you record temptation island tonight ?
you memorized the tv guide ? you really know your stuff .
there is a 1997 bmw 318 for sale here . the price is $15k and i has 40K miles on it . looks like it is loaded .
sluts ?
told you i was sweet . i will give it to you tonight .
it says velvet metallic blue . i have no idea what kind of blue that is . it also says that it is still under warranty .
sorry about leaving last night . i know that was selfish . you always stay over when it isn't convienient for you and i should have stayed . i don't want you to think that i am trying to just walk all over you b/c i am not . i did have a good time last night and i am sorry i ruined it at the end . hopefully you are not too mad . email me later .
i will check today . i received 6 yesterday .
i would be comfortable around stacey . she is cool . i took my girlfriend out to dinner and all i got her was a card . we had a good time until i ruined it at the end of the night and now she is pissed at me . i didn't stay over last night so she was pissed . i understand though . i don't think i can make it to miami . i want to go but i have to attend a wedding of a friend from college . actually , i am going to caymen the last weekend in march with my group from work so if you want me to check anything out let me know . i will scout the island for you and max . i will give you guys a call this weekend . take care .
i am in on another tee time for monday . i would love to take all your money and some aggies's money , but i can't . we will play again another time .
i was just being an idiot . i was just thinking that i needed to be at work really early and that i needed to be at home . it was stupid and selfish . i feel really bad today b/c that is not the way to treat you . i promise i will make it up to you .
i am going to get a tee time for monday if you guys are interested .
i will get one for sun
you want in on sunday
we're done for sunday @ 12:30 at cypress lakes . do you know anyone else who will play ?
cool
wait for a little bit b/c i might have it filled .
your in golf on sunday @ 12:30 cypress lakes .
there is no water . just makes the name sound nice .
how do you want me to make it up to you ?
you hate decisions
you are going to work me over for this aren't you ?
i will take you out tomorrow night . is that good with you ?
so we are set to play golf at cypress lakes on sunday at 12:30 . we can meet up at 11:15 and get out there early to hit balls . it is a pretty fun course to play and it has a lot of water on the front 9 . the back 9 is kind of dry . should be fun .
i didn't piss her off at dinner . i pissed her off b/c i didn't stay over that night after everything . she was pissed and now i have to make it up to her . that is ok . so no one from denver is going to miami for your engagement party ? i wish i was going . i would love to get to miami . i will call you guys this weekend .
are we going out for your b day this weekend
that was hilarious . i can't believe peta did that .
i was hung over yesterday . i had a good time on sun . i think you shot a 126 . you would have had to shoot a 53 on the back and i think you shot a 60 .
Elizabeth- Do you still send confirms to counterparties for physical deals done day to day ? AEP has a problem with one of the confirms on a deal done Jan . 31 . They sold us two packages of 5000 at PGE Citygate for 12.30 and 12.40 . I entered this as one deal for 10000 at 12.35 . They need the confirm to match their records for each deal . If you could send another confirm I would appreciate it . Thanks for your help . Matt Lenhart
did that teresa lady call you yesterday ? she wouldn't talk to me at all yesterday . her secretary said she spoke with you and she wouldn't take my call . sorry i didn't call you to watch a movie last night . i was dead from going out sunday and playing golf yesterday .
how is everything going ? did you eat with robbie and becky ? i mentioned to grandma and grandpa a trip to phoenix some time this spring . they also said that they were going to come to denver in may so i think i will come home for a little bit in may also . call me when you get a chance .
that is fine .
Cooper- I am having trouble running the database with the scheduled power info . Let me know if you are having problems collecting the data . Thanks , Matt Lenhart
thanks for your help .
Maria- I work on the West Gas Desk in Houston . Cooper said that you might be able to help me with a link we have to one of your databases that is not working . This link pulls the scheduled California loads , generation , and imports . This link has not worked since this morning . Please let me know if you could help . Thank you , Matt Lenhart
give him one of these " i dont love you whore , i'm out tha door" . just kidding . that is bad . that would make him feel cheap and used . i just wouldn't respond . he will get the point . i was in pain on monday . i couldn't believe i felt that bad . it was a good time at that joint though so it was worth it .
Maria- I just checked it and it worked perfect . Thanks for your help . Matt
did you go out and party ?
let's go party . we can get a group and go get some food and then hit the bars . tim was supposed to send an email out , but i don't think he has yet . i am up for whatever .
did you and carolyn have a grammy party ? temptation island was dumb . everyone went on their dates and hooked up . next week looks good .
go ahead and take charge .
i am not gettting old , i am getting distinguished . what is wrong with her
let's hit el tiempo or something at 730 or 8
luis mena and anyone who is cool
why would you guys have a party to cheer her up ? that could make you sick . it doesn't matter that i am getting older b/c i age well .
strep throat is contagious . you don't need to share a coke to get it . germs travel through the air . am i really losing my hair ? don't freak me out . cassie would be fun to hang out with . i don't know if you want to invite her pal though . i am sure bryan doesnt'
i wish i was that guy from nsync
i know you're kidding . i have healthy , vibrant , thick , flowing hair . call me later .
what is up fellas ? don't worry we will be set up for the big party . rooms and entertainment will be first class . i need to know when everyone wants to go and how much everyone wants to spend . i was thinking we could get a big suite and then we could have the party there . we can hit vegas in august or sept . let me know what your schedules look like and i will get the ball rolling . matt
cool bra ! we will light it up tonight . call boone dog .
i can't believe merlin has a girlfriend . last time he had a girlfriend the other bush was president . i will get us something nice . we can get the rainman suite . i won't let tom take a finders fee .
who all is going for sure: merlin tom me max's bro in law matt battaglia? ? (  someone should get in touch with him ) anyone else ?
lets just have the party at the royal king motel on colfax and colorado blvd . we will get that hooker scott hooked up with in high school to provide the entertainment . it will be real fun .
he might be a mole . no moles . we can golf , bungee jump or do something wild like that . is that the kind of memorable thing you want to do ?
thanks . today really sucks so far .
i'm busy
golf at a good course
what time ? i will be up for some boozing
which el tiempo are we going to tonight ? did gillette send out an email ?
we can go downtown or uropa or whatever . just whatever everyone wants to do . what time are we meeting at el tiempo ?
how is sept 7-9 . we will arrive the 7th(fri ) and leave sunday . let me know if those dates aren't good .
i don't think there is much going on there , but that would be a good time also . could be cheaper . what does everyone think about the big sleazy ?
how about before that date ?
how can we get that girl cassie to go ? do i need to invite her roomate ? hull could keep her occupied .
lets figure a date and a location . i know max wants vegas so i think we should go there . if we need to do october that is cool too .
its all good
just drive down richmond and you will see it next to the pink pussycat .
how much does everyone want to pay ? remember we are picking up max's flight , room , and the bachelor party . thurs-sun sounds good to me . how does everyone feel about that ? merlin- what is the best date for you to go ?
will do . i will let you guys know monday what we've got .
i thought you said you didn't know where it is .
so what date do you want
let's do the week before . i think that works better . actually i will check rates on both weekends and if one is cheaper than the other i will take that .
do you want to hit sherlocks around 6-630
no way . nice .
sounds good
i got a room for sept.6th - sept . 9th . it is the rainman suite at the mirage . there are 2 bedrooms , 2.5 baths , and a huge living room . with the room we get limo service to and from the hotel . if there are 7 of us paying it will cost roughly $225 for each of us . that is pretty cheap . this way we don't need to get another room . i also reseved a room at the luxor that can sleep 4 and a suite with 1 bedroom and a living room . this will cost us $200 per night . tell me which one you prefer . we also neet to make sure everyone goes b/c if someone drops out it will cost us a lot more . merlin , the suite at the mirage wasn't available for the 13th-16th . get back to me soon . you can email me back or call me at 713-807-1699 . later
i think i can go in that weekend . do you want to go fri sat sun or just sat sun ?
one room is going to have 2 queen size beds and then one will have a king size . there is also couches in the living room and we can get rollaway beds to the room . location is better at the mirage , but the luxor is really nice too . let me know what you guys want today and if the dates are ok .
thanks for the money . i received it on saturday . i really needed it . i would definately go to phoenix . just let me know .
i think we will get better strippers with the shooter room at the mirage .
just give me a call and let me know what this in regards to . 853-7176
daddy got the rainman suite baby
$225 is for 3 nights . i can cut it down to fri night and sat night and that will drop our costs to about 145/night . if we do that we can golf sat morning and then hang by the pool and pick up sluts . let me know if you guys want to drop the trip down to 2 nights .
we are in for 3 nights . i haven't heard from merlin yet so he is the only one who hasn't committed to that weekend . i also need to check with max .
thanks for the email . i can't believe i am 25 . i woke up saturday from a hard night of partying and thought when dad was 25 i was born and now i am 25 and i still go out and party like an idiot . oh well , it was fun . how are you feeling ? i hope the dialasys is going well . let me know . love matt
none . i will check again later b/c i would like to go .
i think we can get this girl for the party . we will just have to tell her that we are big shooters with the rainman suite .
is sept 6th-9th good for you ?
i think they call her "maddog murdock"
you can see the room we have on www.mirage.com . go to suites and look at the floor plans . the room we have is the hospitality suite . it looks like the room on the movie "very bad things" . it doesn't show photos .
i got 6 and bass has 2 . tell him to just go b/c at worst we can get the tickets at the dome . enron might have some floating around .
i went ahead and put a deposit down on the room . with tax it will be $517.75/night . if we have 7 people paying that will be $222/person . if max's bro in law doesn't go it is about $260/person . the deposit i put down is for one night so if anyone wants to cover some of their costs they can pay me . so IT IS ON now . sept 6th-sept9th . i say we get some air brushed t-shirts that say "class of '94 - still partyin'" . just tell your girlfriends we are going to lake dillon to camp or something .
here is the list max merlin tom me max's bro in law ( possibly ) i think we should pay for max's room and airfare . i don't know how that usually works , but i think we cover that and the entertainment .
sorry i didn't get back to you last night . i didn't get your message until this morning .
i did a deal with someone on my desk so there is no brokerage involved .
i didn't go . i stayed here . how is work going ? have you been going out at all ? i havent seen you since sherlocks . are you going to def leppard tomorrow night ? it is gonna rock . let me know what is going on for the weekend . i am definately going out on sat night .
you can't shine shit . whoever drafts him in the second is wasting a pick . i hope it isn't denver .
i can't get off for lunch but we should party before the concert . we might go to tortucas or something to drink before hand . where are your tickets ? we are club level . let me know .
hey lucky fuck . i just gave you $20 instead of $15 for the $20 you gave me . so you still owe me $5 . i can't believe you didn't tell me i was making a mistake and stole $5 from me . i am gonna have to regulate .
it is on thurs night for def leppard . bass said that there is a tortuca near the dome where we can eat and drink some ritas before hand . i think we should meet around 630-7 . let me know by tomorrow so we can figure it out .
i have heard the rodeo opens at 6:45 for rodeo activities , but the concert won't start until about 8:30 . someone up here went to duran duran last night and it said the same thing on the schedule . i will call tomorrow and double check , but i really don't think they would start a concert that late , def leppard isn't that old .
i am glad nobody got back to me on putting in for the deposit . i will hold
does everyone want to meet at tortucas on kirby south of 59 or el tiempo(no tequilla shots ) or cabos downtown tonight . let's meet around 6-6:30 .
i heard you have extra def leppard tickets ? i could use a couple if you have extras . let me know please .
i vote for ruggles at enron field .
can i have it
i would go into relapse after one shot . i would probably pass out at
that is safe thanks for trying
hoskins has no extra . i heard it isn't sold out and we can pick one up easy . tell him we are at club level .
ruggles it is . let's meet there b/t 6-6:30 . i will definately be there at 6 . i'm not FOOLIN . i want to party like an ANIMAL . it is gonna be HYSTERIA tonight . enought of the bad jokes .
here is the forecast . thanks for taking the time to look over it . i just want to go over production real quick with you . i will call in about a half hour .
that is real nice . you hate fat people huh ?
i will give you a chance to get out when we play again or i will have to regulate . you don't want a shot at the title .
more cushion for the pushin
what the fuck is tome ? bring it old man . you will be winded by hand 17 .
thanks fellas . i will cover the $510 .
last night was so cool . def leppard rocks . i am going to a dinner tonight but i am going to party tomorrow night . you ?
some broker dinner . it is just a freebie .
fri was fun . i went to a broker deal and the wine was unlimited . we were crushing $180 bottles for about 4 hours . i will take it easy this weekend . i have a date with cassie fri , but that is all i will do .
how was dinner last night ?
which question ? i don't know what i am going to do yet ? what do you think ? everyone up here loved that
i have spoke with her a few times for quite a while . i would rather go some place that is loud and fun like el tiempo . is there a place like that around ?
pretty good . i went to a broker dinner on fri and we ran a mean tab b/c of the wine . what did you do ?
i haven't opened it . i didn't show anyone .
i want to get some ritas . maybe i could go to el tiempo if they would let us back in .
well i am not going to take her there so i won't worry about that place this weekend . you never said how dinner was last night .
what did you do this weekend ?
you didn't think it was funny .
did you like his supply bag ? that killed me .
by the time you sent this i was already gone . maybe we can do it again later this week .
daddy bought a big bertha and was stroking it last night
i bought a big bertha and i was stroking it last night straight and deep .
let me know b/c i want to go back out there . this club goes "bling" when i hit it .
bout $250 with a new viser
i didn't do anything exciting at all this weekend . i did play rugby on saturday . that was fun . sat night i went to the hub . that place is so cool .
i love living alone . it has been great . i think he like austin .
i need to go work out first . so let's plan for 7 .
is 7 ok ? i can meet you at my place then or at the range then .
no dout boo n0 doubt
is telas on sheppard a pretty cool joint to go to on fri ?
i don't think she has . they never hung out in high school and just started living together in jan . they were more friendly rather than friends . hopefully it will be fun . she seems really nice .
i don't kiss and tell
just kidding . we will probably just get drinks .
just thought i would let you fellas know that brooke burke , from E ! wild on , is posing in playboy next month . that is all that is keeping me going .
yeah . you and your friends could just send one drink over after another to make me look like a stud . sounds good .
just break your necks when i walk by to the bathroom or something . i probably won't be able to keep her off of me after that .
give me a call when you get a chance . i lost your number again .
between 1030 an 11 would be the best time to install the monitor .
send em
that is correct
they are with reliant canada .
pi phi chick from baylor
i can go to vegas either the weekend of the 14th of april or the 21st . just let me know which is the better weekend .
ene sucks
i think tom , robbie and i should still try to get down to phoenix for a weekend . talk to those two and see when a good weekend is for them . i am going to come home in may also for about a week .
that date sound good to me . we can stay at the mirage , treasure island , the alladin , mgm , ect . there should be some websites like expedia.com which can find hotel rooms easily . i can arrive thurs evening after probably around 6 . i will check flights . it shouldn't be a busy weekend . i can't wait . should be a great weekend . p love has one .
let's go with dad in april . you can go with those guys anytime . plus you will probably want to go again after we get back .
i don't know any of the courses , but it should be easy to find one .
what was the name of that chop house restaurant on sheppard ?
i can't go in that weekend b/c a good friend of mine is getting married . we could do the following weekend if that is better .
maybe we should try it for lunch when we are hung over .
i changed it
possibly around 3 . i would definately get 9 in
enron's stock has been getting punished . a lot of my stock options are worthless . it is so dark here right now . it is going to pour . i think i am going to head to denver for a week in may . i am not sure which week , but i think that would be a good time to go home . tell martha and billie hello and i will try to call you guys this week .
we should probably get tickets tonight . i will call keneally's today to make sure they are selling tickets . who all is going ?
it is like $10/ticket so i am going to need some cash b/c i am not that big of a shooter yet . let me call a little later .
kenneally's sat afternoon . you in ?
who is your new woman ?
may sounds better actually . let's try the first week .
great .
yeah . i definately want to play . if we get out there by 4 we can get nine in for sure .
don't quit your job at the handy helper . i don't think you will make it as a comedian with those .
he is in now
i will try to leave at 3 . i say we get there around 2 .
hull isn't going to make it . his grandma passed away . so you have to wait for me .
should we eat before we come over
i met your friend andrea this weekend
i met her at kenneally's on sat . she was cute . i am supposed to take her out on fri .
call me at 7138537176
any time in may is fine . i think i would go home at the end of may so if you want to go at the end of may that could work . i am checking today to find out when grandma and grandpa will come into town . i will let you know this week .
not this weekend but the following weekend . you missed a great st . patty's day . i have a date with some hot kappa from ut on fri .
A very successful energy trader parked his brand-new Mercedes in front of his office , ready to show it off to his colleagues . As he got out , a truck passed too close and completely tore off the door on the driver's side . The trader immediately grabbed his cell phone , dialed 911 , and within minutes a policeman pulled up . Before the officer had a chance to ask any questions , the energy trading icon started screaming hysterically . His Mercedes , which he had just picked up the day before , was now completely ruined and would never be the same , no matter what the body shop did to it . When he finally wound down from his ranting and raving , the officer shook his head in disgust and disbelief . "I can't believe how materialistic you energy traders are," he said . "You are so focused on your possessions that you don't notice anything else." "How can you say such a thing?" asked the trader . The cop replied , "Don't you know that your left arm is missing from the elbow down ? It must have been torn off when the truck hit you." "My God!" screamed the master trader . "Where's my Rolex?"
i will be out of town
so who wants to send me some money for this deposit . max also left me a message that he wants to add two people to the party , does anyone know who they are ?
i went to kenneally's . it was a blast . what did you do ? what have you been up to ? i haven't seen you in a while .
i am just giving you guys a hard time . we can square everything in sept .
i didn't know she was married again . good for her . wednes i will be at a broker party . this week is gas fair so i will be partying and golfing . we need to go out when you get in town .
we can square up in sept .
that is him
i hope it isn't his crack addict driver who was arrested over xmas .
damn . she is fertile . does your brother work at reliant also ?
yeah . i am trading gas . i see your brother in law out in the market from time to time . this week is going to be busy with dinners and golf . tough life . runs or robs ?
sure .
free your mind and the rest will follow
met some girl from your hometown named ivana or something . she works at
golf lesson saturday . she said she knew you . black hair , short .
yeah i know them . dinner was fun .
what about those two ?
i just know her from school and through you and i knew him at school . i don't know them that well . you going out this weekend ?
we have been playing phone tag . i will call her today . i am still planning on taking her out tonight .
i think i told her i have great ankles and beautiful muscle definition in my thighs . where should i go ? i was thinking el tiempo to drink some ritas .
what is lz's ?
is that a good place to go for drinks afterwards or should i go somewhere else ?
did you call me from your car while you were jamming or something ? i heard this music going and you were howling . it is on my voicemail at work .
i shouldn't have erased it . i heard that dude say your name .
you sounded like a mexican in a marriache ( sp? ) band . you were rolling your r's . i was just sitting there thinking "what the fuck?" .  you are a wild woman .
that is what i was thinking . i don't know . work pays for it .
sorry i didn't call you back on sat . i had a date that night .
i downloaded some good shit off of napster . you have got to see my list .
it went well . i had a real good time . she likes to party so we got along great .
please stop sending these to me . it is embarrassing .
i got my new cpu and created the greatest rap mix ever . you definately need to copy this one . how was fishing ?
i liked her much better than cassie . i have 0 interest in cassie .
cassie is nice , but i have no interest in her . i am taking this girl out again this week before i hit caymen .
i went to chili's . i also let her have two drinks there (  i usually tell them to drink it slow b/c they are not going to get another) . then we went to 7-11 , picked up some 40's and hung out in the parking lot . it was pretty cool .
the dude changed my swing completely . i am going to the range tonight if you want to go .
right back at you
is that wierd to break in to women's homes and watch them sleep ? if that is wrong i don't want to be right .
nothing is going on here . i am actually going to grand cayman tomorrow for the weekend . it should be an ok weekend . did you go out on saturday ? i was hurting when i woke up sat morning .
i went to tilas and then downtown . it was fun .
yeah . a lot more . i didn't feel like i needed to carry the conversation . who is getting married in b.r. ? michelle ?
are all the older people going to ask you why you aren't married yet ?
just tell them you don't have a husband you have a "life partner"
how late are you working ? i have a reservation for 8:30 .
what is going on ? i call your husband about two weeks ago and he never called me back . i am leaving for cayman today so i will scope out the scene this weekend . tell max to give me a call .
this is funny . i just wanted to send it off to you guys before i leave to cayman . i hope the weather is good in houston for you guys this weekend . it is supposed to be a low of 77 and high of like 87 in cayman . rough life .
i will be bumpin' to rosa parks at the beach tomorrow .
did you like "no asian men" ?
i will let you know when i rub oil on her back this weekend .
i will try to find out this weekend when we are jet skiing .
i will have him sign the cocktail napkin .
let's save some money for vegas and just get him a george foreman grill . that will be about $3.50 each .
let me know the dates and i will come home around that . how is everything going ? call me tonight . i just got back from caymen yesterday .
just wanted to let you know i got back from cayman yesterday and it was low 77 hi 85 . it is going to rock .
yeah . i will get there fri evening . i think i am going to stay in the quarter .
i got the palace in n.o . for the weekend . this is the big place w/ 2bdr and 2 bath .
why don't you just give him the sunglasses you kept after i let you borrow them over new years 2000 .
i think ed sardella does that bit .
no . i had it in my back pocket and it might have dialed you . i was at the u2 concert . what has been going on ?
cayman rocked . it is such a nice place and everything was on the big e .
i haven't talked to her in about a week . she bagged our date last week and we were supposed to reschedule it to this week , but i haven't heard from her . i went to u2 w/ dynegy and sat in a luxury box . it was so nice .
what is going on ? i haven't heard from you in a while . are you still heading to phoenix this weekend ? i just went with some traders . you have to love the gravy .
i know that . i haven't had a chance to call b/c i haven't even been home . i want to take her out again . shhe is a lot of fun .
that is you dancing at sierra .
" i know i'm pretty but i ain't as pretty as a pair of titties" - the pimp in true romance
it was great . the weather was awesome and we did whatever we wanted and it was all on the big e . i will give you a shout next week and we can get together then . who are you going to phoenix with ?
trading ? located ?
christopher walken was the guinea
are you going to outkast wednes ? they still have tickets at ticketmaster.com
it was really cool . i am a little burned now . what is going on ?
those weren't my picks that were submitted .
looks like outkast has been cancelled tonight
i am going to new orleans for my friend val's bachelor party and an engagement party on sat . what are you going to do ?
i think i am driving . i am going to leave fri afternoon .
i don't know . i am kind of tired . i sound like a lil bitch .
what happened ?
do you know where to buy x b/c i heard she digs that . what happened to her boyfriend .
is it on or not ?
no problem .
that looks like my dog
what girl ? andrea ? we will probably get together next week .
i emailed her . i will call her this weekend . i think she left town yesterday and i haven't been home at all this week . i have a very active social life .
no but i do have great legs
do you have any more funny stories
i think peder has a bright future if he gets drunk at work functions and drops his pants .
that's why we play the game
is your roomate sleeping one off ?
what went on this weekend ? i am still tired from this weekend .
the party was fun . it was good to see a lot of people i haven't seen in a long time . i am just wiped out today . i need a nap .
i will try . is that wednes or thurs that you guys are going out ? i heard of a new cool place called the drink that is near downtown .
i have no plans this week .
does everyone at work think you are gay ? i have 4 monitors and that blasted across them all and everyone was just looking at me .
i have no news , but we are gonna rock . we have the rainman suite and we will have the hottest entertainment up there . i was at a bachelor party this weekend and it was fun , but it won't compare to the one we are gonna throw for max .
peder was a virgin . merlin got more ?
let's get him all loaded and send him out on the strip naked .
i already read that shit
is this safe to open
is that it ?
i think sept 6-9 . i am coming to denver in either may or july so we will iron out the final details then . i will get the entertainment lined up for us . i am going to vegas in two weeks and i will scout for some other shit to do .
i don't think they do that . you don't want to pay someone to do that shit for you . did your house really burn down ?
what about the angry dragon or the houdini ?
i love the houdini and angry dragon .
you can borrow it whenever . are you in town this weekend ?
nothing going on here . i went to new orleans this weekend for a bachelor party . i am still dead . so phoenix was nice ? i had a massage in cayman and i thought it was the best thing . i couldn't figure out why a spa would be a good vacation until i had my massage . give me a call when you get a chance . i will be home tonight .
you just sent a reply to all to everyone at enron .
nope
i need to book a jan trip to new orleans .
you guys win one wild card game and all of the sudden the saints are superbowl contenders .
we have improved our defense and our starting qb , who is better than yours , was out . plus we will have two more stud rb's back and some new defensive personnel .
are you still partying tonight ? i think i am going to stay in , but i am definately up for going out tomorrow night .
i would love to play the saints . as i recall we ran right through that great defense .
it was someone who looked like him who was acting as him . his dad had him shipped away so he wouldn't ruin his chance at becoming the president . i love that book except that one chapter . i thought the book was hilarious .
will do . thanks for sending these . i appreciate it .
is everyone still up for going out tonight ? i am going to party like a rock star tonight . let's hit downtown . we don't have to try that place the drink . how about silante's or something .
i think you need to do some bartender training tonight .
there is an offer to join a golf club called the houston oaks for $145/mo . there are 36 holes . i heard it is a good couse . it is up near 290 and hwy 6 . the only thing you pay for is a cart . sounds like a good deal . i heard it is a nice course . i am thinking of getting in if anyone else is interested . let me know today what you think .
the website is houstonoaksgolfclub.com . it doesn't look that great online . check it out or ask anyone if they have played there .
this place is like a 45 minute drive so i am out .
this is a funny video . hopefully you can open it up . i have some other good stuff also . are you going to go out tonight ? i think i am heading to silantes . send me some funny stuff and i will give you a call later .
the real victor was the one in europe not the law student . the law student was the replacement victor . that is the guy they got to act as victor so he wouldn't ruin his dad's chances at pres . great book . what is going on for easter ?
check out chad's name in this thing
i almost sent you that one . that is hilarious . that is what i dressed up as one year for halloween .
no thanks . what aabout the happy hour with the hottie ?
the law student was the replacement b/c the real one was such a fuck up . sorry i didn't call you guys back last night . i didn't get home until 8 and the sopranos was on . i will be in vegas . send her my regards .
i felt fine . i was just tired but i didn't feel bad . my golf game sucks but that is b/c i have a new golf swing after my lesson a couple of weeks ago . this swing is going to take me to the next level . i think if trading doesn't work out i will have something to fall back on .
you didn't think that was funny ? do i need to explain that one ?
that was great . that is as funny as i get .
congrats . that is good news . what else is going on .
ditto . work is it . i am going to vegas this weekend , so i got that going for me .
why not ? you don't like those things ? you get penis straws and everything .
i am going with work . another boondoggle .
i am at the venitian . i am going to stay in the rainman suite . should be a good time . i can load up and get some hookers and just have an old fashioned good time . it is a good stress relief .
i am just kidding . i wouldn't ever pay for it . anyway i am going with people from work so it woulnd't look to good if i was bringing hookers into my room .
just b/c i am saving myself doesn't mean you need to attack me .
i heard your nickname in highschool was the "virgin surgeon"
oh yeah . he doesn't sound like a lot of fun - if you catch my drift . what are you guys doing for the bachelorette party ? if you need entertainment i might be for hire . i would totally give those chicks a thrill .
no thanks . what aabout the happy hour with the hottie ?
i will be in vegas . send her my regards .
you didn't think that was funny ? do i need to explain that one ?
that was great . that is as funny as i get .
congrats . that is good news . what else is going on .
why not ? you don't like those things ? you get penis straws and everything .
i am going with work . another boondoggle .
just b/c i am saving myself doesn't mean you need to attack me .
i heard your nickname in highschool was the "virgin surgeon"
did you take his v-card ? i don't think i ever dated one . i like my women fast .
why are you staying with her parents ? won't that kill some of your fun ? how good was the deal ?
if i could get a guaranteed contract plus tips i would skip the trip . remember how great my legs would look dancing all over the chicks .
1400 smith st .
i have to hold off until vegas . my liver is sore from this past weekend . i have to go home and nurse it at night .
i thought that you said you were sharing a suite with them . thanks for the pics .
1400 smith st .
shooters .
for easter i just stayed in town and golfed all weekend ? what did you do ? did you go to central and regulate some punks . what are you doing this weekend ? i am going to vegas . i haven't been home at all this month except for last weekend . i have to go to buttfuck mississippi next weekend for a wedding .
i got your jacket from bass
means you got a lot of ammo
shooters .
val is getting married there . his fiance , celeste , is from there . mississippi is so cool .
i got your jacket from bass
means you got a lot of ammo
i don't remember the bet
are you hurting this morning ? my lifestyle has to change within the next 5 years or i will be dead .
i feel like a champ today
by the way , my abs kill from my rigorous workout yesterday .
who is better for the avs to play ? what has been going on in denver ?
should be 7.20 .
i hate notre dame . tim , i need to get down to your office today .
are you on crutches
i haven't watched them at all . every time i try to watch hockey they are not on . i am gonna watch their next series . who are they gonna play ?
i don't remember the bet
i feel like a champ today
your past few months have been just as bad . at least i didn't close uropa b/c i was puking in the bathroom .
i don't remember half of that night , but i do remember you in the bathroom . sierra is fun on wednesdays isn't it ?
by the way , my abs kill from my rigorous workout yesterday .
should be 7.20 .
i hate notre dame . tim , i need to get down to your office today .
maybe i will come home the 16th of may . let me see and i will get back to you .
i can't come the last week b/c of work . that is when prices get set for next month gas . it is a very busy week and there is no way for me to get out of it . when are grandma and grandpa coming ?
are you on crutches
i don't understand that last email
i don't understand that last email
i think the best guy to contact is a guy named ted bland or karen buckley . i think he heads up the trading track program . this is the best way to get into trading now . you have to do 3 6mo . rotations in different trading support roles . contact him and he should be able to get you more info . hope that helps you out .
how was mitch's bday ?
did you talk to her recently or something ? i have been out of time a lot this month . i went to vegas this weekend and i feel like shit now . i had fun with her , but i really didn't hear too much from her so i just took it as an indication .
did you get a stripper ?
that is nasty
i got a few of them . i have a rash now in my lap .
you should see the rash
it isn't oozing , just itching . it was worth every penny . i think this hooker really liked me .
thanks . i heard boone was in rare form though . i am dead tired right now .
i don't know but i don't want to make it . i just want to stay home .
nope . we talked a couple of times and tenatively planned to go out , but last time i called she didn't call back . she sounded like she has a situation w/ her ex or she just might not like me . that is hard to belive though .
how was mitch's bday ?
i didn't get thrown out of a casino . i had to leave this bar b/c they over charged us by $300 so i argued w/ the manager and he said i had to leave . i was pissed , but i didn't get physically removed or anything . these guys at this club tried to rip us off and i was pissed . i didn't out do my birthday either . we drank a lot but it was over long periods of time . it wasn't like on my birthday when we just slammed everything as fast as we could .
did you get a stripper ?
that is nasty
i got a few of them . i have a rash now in my lap .
you should see the rash
i have to go to butt-fucking mississippi . i am not looking foward to that but don't tell val . the following weekend i will be ready to rock .
tim should have it . so are you getting nervous . vegas rocked . what time does the wedding start and how long of a drive is it ? i bet you're nervous . let me know if we need to keep a car running out front .
did you get her to sign a service contract ? i won about $700
thanks for that email . i just opened it and everyone say that shoot across all 4 screens of mine . i will talk to you later b/c i have to go up to hr now .
oops i did it again
i am glad to hear it . it is ok , it isn't like i need the money or anything . how was your date ?
did you get her to sign a service contract ? i won about $700
oops i did it again
what time are you going to get into town ?
what time are you going to get into town ?
we might go get some food and spirits after work if you are interested . i am going to butt-fuck mississippi for val's wedding . i will be in town the rest of the month so i am ready to start tearing up houston again . let me know if you are up for drinks after work .
there is a band ? what is going on this weekend ?
let me know when you want to go out . i can go out any night .
did they look lazy ? they always seem over-confident .
i say we go to tealas and sit on the porch .
what is your cell number again
you didn't send the number . just call me on mine @ 7138258410 . i am thinking tealas and sitting out on the porch .
that is disgusting . watch for me i will be the one dancing like a maniac . 430 is good
what are you going to dc for ?
do you know those girls ?
i was going to come home this weekend if you knew them . we would have to set up a service contract with those chicks .
what happened to the avs ? are they going to shit their pants again this year ?
just call me on my cell phone . i am going to happy hour after work to eat and drink .
there is a band ? what is going on this weekend ?
did they look lazy ? they always seem over-confident .
sounds fun . i think i am going to go out there at lunch and get some dancing in .
i say we go to tealas and sit on the porch .
what is your cell number again
430 is good
what are you going to dc for ?
do you know those girls ?
what is shawn's cell phone number ? he was supposed to stay at my place last night and he didn't show up .
yeah baby . i was there two weeks ago and there were hotties everywhere . i am going to come home in the early part of july and we will figure out the final details .
i found a bunch of tickets to fargo . most run through minneapolis . the cheapest is $432 . the earliest arrives at 12:30 and they have one at 2 , 3 , 5 . let me know what you guys have and i will coordinate the times accordingly .
those were pretty good . how is everything in phoenix ? it looks hot .
it was supposed to have some pics
did you like the blond with the white sweater ? shawn is in town tonight and wants to get a bite to eat if you are up for it .
i will let you know . i need to run after work .
email me back or just give me a call tonight .
those were pretty good . how is everything in phoenix ? it looks hot .
it was supposed to have some pics
did you like the blond with the white sweater ?
i will let you know . i need to run after work .
email me back or just give me a call tonight .
what is it . i got to know . i need some new chicks . i need the weekend . today totally sucks . what are some good books to read ?
what is grandma's email address ?
i just ordered my ticket about 5 minutes ago . i arrive in fargo on the 9th at 12:20 pm . the ticket was $430 . i am looking foward to seeing everyone . i think it will be fun . i am going to bring my clubs . i have a new golf swing after a lesson i took a few weeks ago . hope all is well . thanks for picking up the bill for my ticket . i really appreciate it . love matt
i hope this isn't a pic of a naked old man again . what has been going on ? i haven't heard from you in a while .
did they look good or lucky to win ? how is roy playing ?
why would you shoot yourself ? chicks go home with guys all the time .
how was your wedding ?
what are you doing at work so early ? i am already pumped to go out this weekend . fri was bad for susan and eric . they were the only one doing shots . everyone else was fairly sober and just hanging out . it was pretty discusting . let's hit the town this weekend . maybe even thurs . how was dc ? i heard that place is a blast .
i heard dc is fun . i don't care what we do . we were talking about going to boone's sat and hang out on his porch and drink before we go out . i think he has a patio in his backyard .
i thought you were going to say you thought of the witty comeback the next morning when you both woke up .
i bought my ticket . i arrive on that saturday @ 12:20pm . i will email grandma .
hey grandma . how is it going ? i just purchased my ticket for grand forks today . i get in on saturday the 9th @ 12:20pm . i am looking foward to seeing everyone . love matt
what is grandma's email address ?
you didn't have fun at the small town wedding ? i had to go to one in mississippi this weekend . it was actually fun . vegas was two weekends ago . that was a blast . work covered everything so i lived like a rock star that weekend . where are you moving ? maybe we can get drinks or something this week .
did they look good or lucky to win ? how is roy playing ?
you said the line worked well and when i first started reading that i was like "hey now!" . you never know . you could be a wild woman on vacation if you never have to see those people again .
why would you shoot yourself ? chicks go home with guys all the time .
that is good
how was your wedding ?
i went to val's wedding . it was a blast . how did a wedding get busted by the cops ? what type of people went to this thing ?
this is still my email . what is going on ? how is your business doing ?
745 sucks . we will hit it sat night .
that was a mistake . i don't know what i was thinking . i need to stay home .
i cannot go to denver the last week of may b/c i have to be here for work . the last week is when we set gas prices for the next month . i think the best thing for me to do is come to phoenix one weekend . i have been golfing lately . i got a lesson and the teacher gave me a new swing . i am kind of struggling with it now . i think it will take me to the next level . i will try to call you and grandma this weekend . matt
next week is good for me . let 's just go get a drink after work or something . who is your new roommate going to be ? that sucks you have to waste a saturday moving .
this is still my email . what is going on ? how is your business doing ?
i think i met a few of your friends that night , but i don't remember who is who . it seems like such a long time ago . any time is good for me next week . let's get together on tuesday ? let me know if that is good for you .
nice . i knew that would be a better choice . saturday night is on dog . we are going to golf sat also if you are in . let me know . tee time is at 11 .
745 sucks . we will hit it sat night .
he went home already . we went to dinner mon & tues . i am just going to chill this week and party on saturday , maybe even friday a little . are you going out tomorrow ?
you going to golf or go play ultimate dork frisbee ?
saturday is definately on . fri i am up for whatever . maybe happy hour and turn in before 2am for once .
Coach Jim Haslett had put together the perfect New Orleans Saints team . The only thing he was missing was a good quarterback . He had scouted all the colleges , and even the high schools , but he couldn't find a ringer quarterback who could ensure a Super Bowl win . Then one night , while watching CNN , he saw a war-zone scene in Bosnia . In one corner of the screen , he spotted a young Bosnian soldier with a truly incredible arm . He threw a hand grenade straight into a 15th-story window 200 yards away "I've got to get this guy!" Haslett said to himself . "He has the perfect arm!" So , he brings the kid to the New Orleans and teaches him the great game of football , and the Saints go on to win the Super Bowl for the first time in history . The young Bosnian is "canonized" as the Great Hero of football , and when Haslett asks him what he wants , all the young man wants to do is to call his mother . "Mom," he says into the phone , "I just won the Super Bowl." "I don't want to talk to you," the old woman says . "You deserted us . You are not my son." "I don't think you understand , Mother!" the young man pleads . "I just won the greatest sporting event in the world . I'm here among thousands of my adoring fans." "No , let me tell you," the mother retorts . "At this very moment , there are gunshots all around us . The neighborhood is a pile of rubble . Your two brothers were beaten within an inch of their lives yesterday , and today your sister was kidnapped in broad daylight." The old lady pauses , and then tearfully says " . ..I'll never forgive you for making us move to New Orleans."
> Two buddies , Tony and Steve , are getting very drunk > at a bar > when suddenly Steve throws up all over himself . "Oh , > no . Now Jane will > kill me!" Steve says . > Tony says , "Don't worry , pal . Just tuck a twenty in > your breast > pocket , tell Jane that someone threw up on you and > gave you twenty dollars > for the dry cleaning bill." > So they stay for another couple of hours and get > even drunker . > Eventually Steve rolls into home and his Jane > starts to give him > a bad time . "You reek of alcohol and you've puked > all over yourself ! My > God , you're disgusting!" > Speaking very carefully so as not to slur , Steve > says , > I can e'splain everything ! Itsh not what you think . > I only had a > couple drinks . But this other guy got sick on me.. . > he'd had one too many > and he just couldn't hold his liquor . He said he was > very sorry an' gave > me twenty bucks for the cleaning bill!" > Jane looks in the breast pocket and says , "But this > is forty bucks." > "Oh , yeah.. . I almos' forgot , he shit in my pants , > too."
yeah . i think they will go to the rose bowl .
the joke reminds everyone of suzy b/c she drinks a lot .
enron would probably do something like this , but i think you need to contact that charity group . they might already have a team . it is good to see that you are such a philanthropist .
you going to golf or go play ultimate dork frisbee ?
i have a tee time for sat @ 11 . let me know if you think you can play today . the course is sienna plantation .
he is a winner . kansas might turn into a 6 win a year program with cooper there .
yeah . i think they will go to the rose bowl .
the joke reminds everyone of suzy b/c she drinks a lot .
you better be able to golf tomorrow .
you obviously haven't seen my new swing . you need to be on your best game to take my title .
totally
all i know is we can never go back to teala's . i don't want to get banned at front porch also SUSAN !
especially since boone bought some weed from the waiter
what about when he was gargaling puke trying to say " i am a trader at enron"
you better be able to golf tomorrow .
totally
nope
i bet your teeth are on strike too b/c all the bile in your stomach is eating them up after you threw up for 2 hours
especially since boone bought some weed from the waiter
i think we should wait in line at the grasshopper next time so we don't waste our night . we will know for next weekend .
what is up with the avs ? are they going to shit their pants again ?
how was moving this weekend ? did you still want to get a drink after work tomorrow ?
this is their last hope
if they don't win i read that they are going to break up the team
6:30 is fine with me . i will meet you at the bar .
what is up with the avs ? are they going to shit their pants again ?
this is their last hope
how was happy hour ? i was golfing when you called and i didn't get the message until late .
it is a good work out for you to move up 3 flights of stairs . did you move it all yourself or pay someone to do it ? mi luna is good for me tomorrow . i love their ritas . how about we go around 7 . i can pick you up or just meet you there if you are going straight from work .
6:30 is fine with me . i will meet you at the bar .
i think they sell tickets for that dude's concert at the hollywood food store around the corner from my house .
that actually works out better for me . i will meet you at mi luna at 7 . that is the place in the village correct ?
7:30 is good .
let me know what is up after you speak with her
did you call my cell last night ?
he is a mo
jen has a lot of cougar friends who will be ready to party .
we sold this gas for these volumes to ees for index +0.16 .
hell yeah dog ! they betta be ready to get up on deez nuts .
oy vey
thanks for the thank you note asshole
i heard there are a lot of hot cougars at changs
have you guys reserved a room for caymen yet ? i heard the comfort suites is where everyone is staying . let me know if you guys just want to load everyone up in one room like back in high school .
comfort suites is like $800 total for 4 nights . cheap as it gets down there . i was just thinking we would all pile in and save some money . only condition is that ryan doesn't go on a booze cruise and piss on himself .
i think they have two rooms with two double beds in each . jen knows the details , but i heard we need to make reservations within the next week .
7:30 is good .
let me know what is up after you speak with her
did you call my cell last night ?
he is a mo
i don't have it , but shoot him an email and he will give you a call .
i spoke with him this weekend and the place he mentioned was comfort suites . it would be $200/each for the whole week if 4 were in a room . a condo would most likely be more expensive .
jen has a lot of cougar friends who will be ready to party .
we sold this gas for these volumes to ees for index +0.16 .
hell yeah dog ! they betta be ready to get up on deez nuts .
oy vey
i was going to talk about all the dope he used to do and how he used to wear make up in middle school .
thanks for the thank you note asshole
i heard there are a lot of hot cougars at changs
remember that shirley sent this to me . it is funny but gross .
how was hawaii dog ? did you leave the room ?
are you guys going to send something special ? how about some stripper's panties from the bachelor party ? any news on caymen rooms ?
you partied it up at jazz fest ? i still have never been . who did you go there with ?
yeah i will be in town this weekend . i have something to go to fri but i will definately be out on saturday . what are you doing ?
read the bottom of the email with some chicks idea as a gift
i am sure that girl courtney walker would like to share some special memories also
sure . you buy something and let me know how much i owe
so i got us a hotel room in caymen . it can sleep up to six and it is $880 for the three nights . if all 5 of us stay there that is 176/ea . we have it for thurs-sat night .
jen's dad better buy a bunch of booze . and the schrutt's better take us somewhere nice for the rehersal dinner . and jen's friends better put out .
remember that shirley sent this to me . it is funny but gross .
how was hawaii dog ? did you leave the room ?
i think she is one of jen's cougar friends . that is such a chick thing to do .
read the bottom of the email with some chicks idea as a gift
sure . you buy something and let me know how much i owe
what is the date of the party
what time is golf for ?
i will be there that does sound gay season over
i am ready to take some more of your money out there
he is there best player
oops
what is the date of the party
i tried to watch it but i couldn't stay awake . it didn't start here until 9 and i have to get up at 5 so it is to hard to stay up . how did they look ? st . louis has had a good rest so it should be interesting to watch them in that series . i will watch the next series b/c it will probably be on tv at a normal time .
what time is golf for ?
i will be there that does sound gay season over
i am ready to take some more of your money out there
he is there best player
oops
didn't you go to grasshopper last night
was it any good
let's meet up at grasshopper
i would but i am going to the spa
everyone who is anyone will be there .
i will be the prettiest at the grasshopper
meeting up with boone and luis and whoever . if the broker goes we will just get some free drinks . date went well . i had a good time .
did you just get that reply ?
are you going out this weekend ? i think you said you had a wedding to go to or something ? were you hurting on wednes morning ?
i thought that you were going
yeah baby ! that place is gonna rock
i don't know . i am going to golf sunday morning at the woodlands which is very nice . i don't want to be real hung over , but i still might go out . tonight i am definately going out .
i have to go to a dinner tonight , but i will meet up with you guys at the grasshopper if you want . we need to check that joint out . call me on my cell and we will hit it .
didn't you go to grasshopper last night
was it any good
let's meet up at grasshopper
i would but i am going to the spa
whatever gillette . i will be feeling all loose and relaxed while i am whooping it up at the grasshopper tonight .
everyone who is anyone will be there .
i will be the prettiest at the grasshopper
did you just get that reply ?
i thought that you were going
yeah baby ! that place is gonna rock
i felt fine . i woke up at 5am to work out . i guess you are just a candy ass . just kidding . i have a dinner to go to tonight with some broker then i am heading downtown . i will give you a call this weekend . have fun at the wedding .
i tried to call yesterday , but you guys were not home . i did speak with grandma and grandpa . grandpa sounded really bad . i am a little worried after speaking with him . he sounded to tired to even speak . i think i need to get out to phoenix to see them soon .
give me a call from dc when you get a chance . love matt
i felt like a champ on sat i didn't do all those shots with boone
did you call for me at work today ?
did you call me today at work
how was your wedding on saturday ?
i can't remember if i sent these to you guys or not
i am here dog yeah , paincourtville , la . i don't know where the fuck that is .
i will be watching . have fun
give me a call from dc when you get a chance . love matt
i felt like a champ on sat i didn't do all those shots with boone
Derek- Here is the notice that was sent out by PG&E on Friday . This notice would not allow cycle 4 gas to flow .
we need to pass on penalties to counterparties who cut us on gas day of may 11 . many counterparties are swinging on eol deals , so going foward we are going to rank those counterparties to take the cuts . as far as this deal goes , the problems incurred were due to logistical issues . we did rerank wild goose for cycle 4 , but pg&e did not allow for renoms on this cycle .
did you call for me at work today ?
did you call me today at work
how was your wedding on saturday ?
i can't remember if i sent these to you guys or not
i wasn't that drunk on saturday . i was just joking . i felt great on saturday . like a champ . people get married younger than you ? wow . what the hell do they do if they get married that early ?
i had to wake up early on sunday so i didnt feel like going . were there a lot of hotties ?
i will be here on fri night , but sat i am going to tim's engagement party . i think i will be out on fri .
i am here dog yeah , paincourtville , la . i don't know where the fuck that is .
i will be watching . have fun
test
when are you riding into baton rouge ? sat or fri ?
did chad hit you up to live with him ?
if you leave on sat i will ride with you guys
i thought that was your area code . kind of freaked me out . you can be a little crazy sometimes . just kidding . don't mess with texas is good . it is about to get really hot here . we reserved a room at comfort suites . i think that is where everyone is staying in the caymens ? i am looking foward to it . should be a blast . when is the bachelorette party ? what are you guys going to do ?
i just looked at the prices for flights to cayman and they run around $600 . this is going to cost over $1000 . start saving now .
i knew you would bag me again ! if you have to work there is nothing you can do about that . i am going to baton rouge on saturday for an engagement party . i will probably go out on friday . when do you get back from chicago ? give me a call and maybe we can do something next week .
i heard they might move the wedding to miami
i am up for it . should be a good weekend to live it up .
memorial weekend = booze + golf + sluts
i think miami would be more fun than cayman . cayman is really laid back . miami = hot sluts
i don't know for sure but that is what one of jen's friends said . i didn't know if you guys had heard that or not . don't bring it up if max hasn't mentioned it . i think miami would be a lot more fun .
she called me . she keeps in touch with me . she spilled the beans on the plans to move the wedding . i think if we went to cayman we would spend over a grand each . miami will rock .
does miami suck ? i haven't ever been there . i have been to caymans and they are awesome . it is really laid back and very expensive . either place will be fun , i just think miami will be a better night life .
i just want to meet some models down there . i don't hang out at discos thought , but if i was in miami i guess i would . i think i would need some new clothes b/c all i wear is polos and khakis .
i think i will wear a suit with a t-shirt like sonny crocket
merlin can be captain castillo
mini me
or the peck from the movie willow
are you and celeste going to br on fri or sat
nice
"how they met" brought tears to my eyes
does this have nudity ?
what time do you want to leave tomorrow ? around noon ?
TOTALLY
this weekend i had to go to baton rouge for an engagement party . i am going to stay in town this weekend . i might try to go tubing or something like that . what did you do this weekend ? are you in town for memorial day ?
i am not dating her . i only went out with her a few times . i doubt we will go out again . how about you ? have you been dating a lot lately ?
sure . we can probably get out there and play at 3 .
do you think the avs will close out the blues tonight ? they haven't looked too good the last two games .
i am not that picky . she is nice it just didn't work out well . we had fun it just hasnt took off . one of those deals .
is it still snowing ?
what did you do this weekend ? i gave you a shout on fri to go out . you didn't miss much . we went to the grasshopper and that joint sucks . it is really cheesy .
Melba- Here is a list of the companies that we would like to have access to the physical PG&E Topock product: Enserco Energy , inc . Reliant Energy Services , Inc Duke Energy Trading and Marketing , LLC Aquila Energy Marketing Corp Aquila Risk Management Corp Arizona Public Service Company BP Amoco Corp BP Energy Co Calpine Energy Services LP Coast Energy Canada , Inc Coral Energy Resources , LP El Paso Merchant Energy , LP Enron Energy Services , INc Enserco Energy Inc Mirant Americas Energy Marketing LP PG&E Energy Trading- Gas Corp Sierra Pacific Power Company Tractebel Energy Marketing INc TransCanada Gas Services TXU Energy Trading Company USGT/Aquila LP Williams Energy Marketing & Trading Company PanCanadian Energy Services AEP Energy Services Avista Energy Inc Western Gas Resources Sacramento Municipal Utilities Division PG&E Core ( no credit ) Nevada Power There might be a few more companies to add in the future . I will get back to you if we need to update the list . Please let me know how quickly these changes will in place . Thank you for your help . Matt Lenhart
let me check with him and see what night would be good for him to go up . we are golfing on fri so sat might be a better time to get up there . i will let you know .
did you get chad's email ? i would rather go up next weekend . i will go up this weekend if you are up for it , but if not i think we need a good excuse .
did you see the article in the journal where cali's attorney general said he wants to lock up ken lay ( ene's chairman ) in a prison cell with a cell mate ?
next sat might be better . i don't think mitch is gonna be able to make it and everyone was out of town last weekend . let's do it next sat if you are in town .
i told him i didn't think you could make it on sat and that we were both out of town last weekend so we would head up the following sat .
call me again when you get a chance . i lost your number
you think this weekend will be more packed than next ? let's just do it next weekend . that way mitch and i can both head in . tim might be able to make it then also .
what does that mean ?
we might have a cook out or something on sat . if that is the case i will let you know .
i think chad is pissed we aren't going to austin . he sent me a message that said " u snooze u lose" . what the fuck is that ?
i said i would go next weekend .
yeah . i couldn't get an opp to talk to her . did you know her
the product number for pg&e topock is 47085 . the correct company name for transcanada is the division of transcanada . thanks for your help . matt
yep . i was going to try and talk to her but she was reading and listening to a walkman . i was sweating like a freak when i was running . probably scared her . it looked like i was evaporating .
i'm bout it
luis - you love heating oil
nevermind . so why didn't you think that girl was the type i go for last night ? how was the game ?
do you like the avs chances ? i think it should be an awesome series .
the sitara deal looks correct
i think i have montezuma's revenge
i have a type and she fits it . you obviously didn't know who she was . so is your boss going to make you take out her son ?
she looks like she fits it
how is your face doing ? is the swelling going down ?
memorial all packed up . we can go out there and just try to get on . hopefully around 2:30 . maybe you can get out early and get our names on .
you up for golf tomorrow
me you and val tomorrow
it is on espn so that won't work . if i was you i just wouldn't go . just hit the dinner .
whatever . ride would be good .
i am going to hell for that one
yeah i know , but admit you laughed .
do you want to send your resume to enron again ? they are on a big kick to hire some new people . might be worth your while just to take a look and see how it compares .
i got your message but i need to work
my bad man . i got your message around 930 and i went to bed after that . let's hook up with them this weekend . what is up for tonight ? i say we hit club no minor on sat and then uropa . we need to tear it up some .
i am up for a few drinks tonight . maybe lz's or something laid back . i want to feel like a champ tomorrow .
do you guys want to hit el patio early on saturday and get some blue ritas and then head over to uropa ? that would be a good night to go tear it up completely .
i booked my flight home on june 30th . i arrive that afternoon and leave to houston on the 7th . so have the frig packed with food and beer and be ready to golf . looking foward to getting home . love matt
lets definately play tomorrow .
call me later . let's get some drinks some where laid back and try to meet some honeys . let's go to lz or something .
i will . so what did you guys do to stay up until 7am on sunday night ?
i will invite you to be my caddie . you can carry my clubs and clean them for me . if you do a good job i will give you a crisp $5 bill .
i guess i am going up there saturday . i think i will try to take it easy on friday . i can definately tell that i am not 18 anymore b/c i cannot recover at all . i am also going broke going out .
so what did you and lisa do until 7am loverboy ?
send your resume and i will get it to the right people .
nintendo doesn't count for your handicap . how about the avs . that was the most impressive game they have played all post season .
sorry about that . we were running so late and we couldn't find green . we did turn south and drove around until 12:30 and figured we were too late . i figured your phone died . we ended up at memorial and i played like shit . i was so dead from the night before . i should have slept all day . we can tee them up sometime soon .
i think that is a scam to have you send it around
i remember you . i was pretty drunk though . hopefully i didn't make too much of an ass out of myself . we hit it really hard that night for my buddy's birthday . how was your bachelorette party ? are you back in austin now ?
who sings that song "harley davidson of a bitch" ? i think you said it was elo or something .
i am excited to watch it . so you got a promotion at work ? that is good news . what is your new job going to be ?
my friends are liars . this past weekend was an anomaly . it isn't bad to go out and party like a rock star every now and then . i will be in austin this saturday night , so maybe we can get together in austin . we will probably be at it pretty hard again . i have a friend coming in from new orleans so he will want to hit 6th street .
lets head up to austin on saturday night . i got an email from that girl at the black swan . she lives in austin but will be at a wedding on sat .
i will be in nd . i think my plane lands 10 min . after yours . avs got worked last night . i don't have a good feeling about the series now . they had no answer for the defense .
i think i can make it tonight but tomorrow night the hockey game is on . i need the range . just send your resume when you get a chance . enron is looking for a ton of people .
i just don't know if they can ever handle that defense . they didn't make any good adjustments in the 3rd period .
i forgot you had a wedding . i don't go up to austin all that much . i usually stay down here and go out . where do you work up there again ? i am sure you told me , but i forgot . where are the good places to hang out ? is it 4th st ?
you think houston is the armpit of the world ? i love it hear . the weather sucks in the summer , but other than that it is a blast . so you do work for strip clubs huh ? that is interesting . what is your stripper name ?
i live inside the loop here and usually don't leave unless i have to golf . outside of the loop is pretty ugly . which part of houston did you grow up in ?
i think hoskina is having a going away happy hour , but after that i am not doing anything . i need to watch hockey .
your mama
prompt month is out there . it is nwpl rox .
i went to high school in denver . i have only lived here for 2 years . no wonder you hate houston . there is nothing up in north houston .
i went to denver east . have you heard of it ? i haven't heard of your friends that work here . i like working here . it is pretty exciting on the trading floor . are you guys going out tomorrow night after the rehersal dinner .
i will be in town . i have a dinner to go to at 6:30 , but i am going out after that . you should give me a call . i think you have my cell phone number right ?
this is correct .
i don't get it
austin tomorrow . you in
i guess it didn't come through
this girl has clothes on
i am going to a broker dinner at capitol grill . i am going to head out afterwards . i will give you a call later .
you should just put 5000 on the lakers . you wont make 5k but you will definately make $$$
i arrive in fargo at 12:20 from minneapolis on flight 1051 . see you soon .
Stephanie- I manage a restricted gas product on EOL . The product is PG&E Topock # 51408 . I need to add Occidental Energy Trading and TXU Energy Marketing to the list of counterparties that have access to this product . If you could notify me when they have been added I would appreciate it . Thank you , Matt Lenhart
oh it is going great . so great to hear from you . how is everything at the top of the building ?
i know that when you get really mad at me it is only b/c you care..................so......................much
yeah . i sent it in this morning .
what is going on ? so is the wedding in miami now ? do i need to buy some club clothes for south beach ?
Astra Power also needs to be added to this product
i will send it to the right people today
i need to call that girl tonight . you have got to give them a few days before you call . i wanted to take her out thurs but the stanley cup is on . maybe fri is better . take your girl out then and we can meet up later for drinks .
thank you for your help
i will let you know tomorrow . i leave sat morning so fri would be perfect . i think six days is kind of trendy so i am going 4 days .
this is that invite . are you going to hit this tomorrow ? i will stop by .
i am with ya dog
i will be pissed if i can walk out of this party
i am definately bringing back some talent to the stabbin cabin
i am gonna drink like a kennedy
have you heard back from enron ?
what do you think of the avs chances tonight ? don't forget your clubs .
i will let you out of the bet for $20
i am gonna drink like boone
let's definately go next thurs . i didn't hit it either b/c the hockey game was on . did you get a date for tonight ? i am going out with one of those p.t.s . let me know and maybe we can meet up .
i should have given you some cards to pass out to the hotties .
i thought you said you were gonna get that clam back to the stabbin cabin
no it is nice . i shouldn't have any problems .
what is up jill ? i just got in town last night so i am not sure where i am going to watch the game . what have you been up to ? i am definately going to party after the game . give me a call later and i will let you know where we are going to watch the game .
7138258410 . how did you drop your phone in water ?
good job mcfly !
around 4-5pm
i am not sure if i am moving or not . i wont know until the beginning of the year . i am back and forth on the decision . i am glad your sis is ok . i did get a room for 160 . i am sure i will split it with some of those guys .
boudreaux- what's up ? are you going to the tenn game ?
i just wanted to let you know that i am not considering moving to the denver office . i don't see myself in a marketing role at this point in my career . although this year has been up and down , i am enjoying my role on the desk . i think the opportunity that you have given me as a basis trader is too good to give up . the denver opportunity was just under consideration as an opportuinity to move back to denver . we can talk more about it if you would like on monday .
congrats tom tom . you can reach me at:
i got home fine . what was the name of that book you told me about ? was it the 4th deminsion ?
dietz's bachelor party was ok . we did the same thing that we did at val's . i am not going to the tenn game . i might go to the florida game .
great . way to go . you will lose this weekend .
what is the website address ?
could you please remove me from this distribution
what have you been up to ? you still moving to india or is your buddy moving back here .
when are you getting your dog dog ?
only if i have a bad day . if i have a bad day will you let me come over and kick it ?
it depends what type you get . if you get one of those little furry dogs that you can carry with you everywhere , then i can't like that dog . if you get one with personality like a bulldog it can stay at my place . those little furry dogs act like cats .
are you kidding ? why would you want a chihuahua ? those dogs aren't even friendly . do you think they are cool b/c of the taco bell dog ?
i think they are all bark and no bite . i think they could get their asses kicked by cats . they look like they were doberman pinchers who were shrunk . you should get a cockerspaniel .
your retarded . i used to have one . they are great dogs .
yeah i had one . her name was mandy and she was the sweetest dog and my dad has one currently and the dog isnt retarded . all dogs are dumb . they are called dumb friends b/c they don't speak .
look , damn it , they have all the personality in the world and they are not that big . i don't think you know what a cockerspaniel is .
i think that all they do is bark and freak out . they aren't good dogs . they aren't friendly . and i am not angry .
i couldnt see it b/c it was surrounded by a wooden fence . i know you didn't get a dog . unless you took one of your 2 hour breaks before lunch .
did you get a lil' chihuahua ? i hate those things .
you did not
lets bet your dinner on it right now . i think i might need to pay up to get a house
why ? don't you think you would lose that bet ?
you didn't buy a dog . i want to see the receipt .
did you get any sleep last night with your new dog ? when do i get to see this alleged dog ? you probably got one of those robotic dogs . what is its name ?
this situation reminds me of kids with imaginary friends . what is your imaginary friend's name ?
stop lying
i don't believe you b/c i don't think you would not have had time to get it yesterday when you said you had it
i havent looked anymore . i will look this weekend . i think i need to pay more than i want to . how old is your dog ?
pay more than i want . so from now on you need to pay when we go out .
sorry man . can't make it . i have a dinner at cafe annie's tonight
both
sweet . you can start by picking up the tab at capital grill .
what color is your poodle
now i know you are lying . yesterday the lie was about a poodle . why can't you just be honest with me ? the lies and deceit hurt me erin .
how many ounces does that little runt bailey weigh ?
i guess i do but i wouldn't be suprised either way . you can show me it this weekend .
me > dog
yeah . it is math .
math is universal . me =/ jerk
i am tired . your dog kept me up all night .
i am tired b/c i kept waking up with no covers and my butt was hanging off the bed . i looked at you and you were covered up to your neck with the covers in the middle of the bed . you look like you slept well .
um , i don't remember that .
real sweet . you have a stone heart .
sad but true .
i can think of a few things
you know , whatever . i will let you know later . what are you doing tonight .
probablyl gonna just kick it
yeah
alright . talk to you later .
i'm bored . tell me a story .
i am too tired to type
i am going to stay in . i need to find a house .
she is waiting to see if she can get financing .
someone should tear him a new one , but it is hard to argue any of his points
b/c i wanted to read a story freak
i am sure they are . houston won't be too affected b/c most of the layoffs affect satelite offices . economy should be good here .
are you leaving in 15 min or something ? i think i am out of here . i need a haircut .
that is all we can do is attack his mom . i am all for it . she should be ashamed of producing such a jackass .
ditto
i hope he doesn't publish this and respond to it today .
what game
you probably didn't even see it
here is our bet on cu/a&m game this summer . i have cu -8 . we can think of a dinner later .
i don't think so . sometimes the sun shines on a dogs ass but i don't see that happening again .
if you win lets go to applebys and if i win lets go to redwood grill .
that is working out perfect for you
times are getting tight for me . i really liked that house i saw yesterday . i figure since you are not spending money on a dog you can spend it on me .
your last sentence sounded like an indian speaking english . i was wondering why you didn't respond . jury duty sucks huh ? have you been going out at all ?
not much . i am trying to sell my house so i have been looking for a new house recently . there are some cool things that i have found . i have been going out a little , but not like we did in the beginning of the year . that was fun . when i move i will throw a big party and we can start it up again .
i am not going to do that . my job is too good here . i want to live in denver , but i want the job i have here . i can go there later . hopefully i will get paid and it will work out .
i cannot make it . my parents will be in town this weekend .
i thought your first offer sucked .
what time you coming over
7:30-8 . how does that sound ?
what do you mean you guess ?
good . that is what i like to hear .
if you act enthusiastic(sp? ) then you'll be enthusiastic(sp?) !
you know i can't wait to see you
this is a photo of the girl i think you look like but it isn't really a good pic .
she isn't gross .  she is hot . you need to see her on tv . like i said , that is not a great pic .
where did you look her up ? i dont know what you are talking about b/c she is skinny and pretty .
are you sure you are looking at the correct one b/c i don't see her on yahoo . i think you are lying b/c she is not gross .
i just did that and she is not in there . she does not look like a man . she is a hottie .
this is the site and she doesn't look like a man . danm it .
whatever . i think you are messing around and you probably love the comparisson .
those photos are all stretched out . i can't believe you don't think she is pretty
whatever . i try to be nice and pay you a compliment and you turn it on me . i guess i will just never compliment you again .
i thought it was . i think that girl is hot . if i won $80million that is the girl i want you to hook up with .
does that mean you would do it even if i didn't win $80million
oh my god ! i am all worked up here at work . i am going to find you a hottie right now .
i am all hot and bothered .
your mom didn't say she was ugly . stop lying . i think that girl is hot so i don't care .
oh . that is different than your first response . quite different . i am going to email your friend jen and see what she thinks .
just did . let me know what she says .
tori over here thinks bonnie is a hottie .
i dont think you look like her anymore . my judgement was off that day . i was around paint fumes looking at houses .
do you think i am high maintanence ?
i just heard that before and tori was joking w/ me about that . i don't get it . are we starting our contest tonight ?
our going out contest . are we starting that tonight or do you concede ? i don't know why she thinks i am high maintanence .
don't be fucking stupid . i wouldn't do it straight up when i could get points .
i don't like double standards being put on me . i am the only one that can do double standards .
we will see what the line is . either you will take it or you wont . don't try to negotiate .
how are we doing on our contest ?
i didn't even go home
no really . it was a blast . little tired but i can rally for tonight .
where didn't i go ?
i am ready to go tonight . you going out ?
yeah . i think we are hitting the strip clubs .
no . you are so gullable .
it isn't that big of a deal . why don't you just relax about the whole thing .
just chill girl .
you have such a temper .
it is so easy b/c you get all worked up and you are not sure whether to believe me or not .
i am gonna buy you a bmw
i resent that last comment
i resent that too
i am going to the strip club . do you want to meet me there ? i will get you a lap dance .
just kidding . you need to relax a little .
you are so mean . why can't you be sweet like me ?
yep . looks like i found the formula .
stay at your place even though you are a bed hog
i slept on the edge . you kept tugging on the covers and tried to spoon with me . its cool though .
i will . i will sleep in the middle . sat is going to be the best day of my life .
don't worry . you and jen just need to be ready to party .
what are you doing tonight ?
party girl
yeah . i am going to a dinner at pappas steakhouse and then going to party . i will call you at 2am .
sorry i didn't make it over sat , i passed out . how was sat ?
i saw that you guys called around 4am . partying huh ? what were you guys doing until 4 ?
i saw it on the caller id the next day .
watched lsu and then went to r&r . we got pretty drunk . you guys sounded like you were partying also . did you have fun ?
go florida ! they shit their pants this weekend .
i am out of town . i am in portland . you can buy me dinner when we get back .
no i am not lying . i flew here last night .
no . i got her number though . i want to hook up with that girl paige in the brown leather jacket . what happened to you ? i had a blast that night .
tamu lost by 10 .
colorado beat texas a&m . i know you remember the bet .
the blonde did have a hot body . she doesn't have as pretty of a face . tough loss last night .
oh . my bad . i must have had you messed up with some other girl i made the bet with .
i am not letting you out of this
we can go somewhere nice . real nice .
i was thinking somewhere that requires a jacket , like tony's . someplace that is like $30 an entree .
you can't be cheap if you take me out . i won't stand for it .
i would have to regulate
i'm the king
that is how i want you to refer to me as "the king"
the king doesn't just give gifts for no reason .
not jerk , "the king"
i will do that .
try his email address which is pederliefkjeseth@hotmail.com . that is the only way i know how to get in touch with him . i haven't booked a flight yet but i will soon .
i thought i won the tie breaker . what happened ?
sorry i haven't called you back . i am in portland . i don't get back until tonight . i will call you when i get home . hope all is well .
he was just trying to run up our p/e . some of the things these guys did was fradulent .
did you miss me while i was gone ?
who is up for milagro or something tonight ?
did you see the article in the wsj today on that ljm fund associated with ene ?
great . good to hear . i got back last night .
lets go around 9 . i think hull is in also .
what is up ? this weekend i am going to n.o . for a wedding . what are you up to ? did you have fun on sat ? i had a good time . are you going out tonight ? i think we might hit up milagro .
it was good . had some good meetings and stuff like that . didn't party or anything .
she is nice . i don't think it will lead to much . do you know that girl paige ?
you partying tonight ?
yeah . she is cute . i heard she was divorced but i wasn't sure . little young to be divorced .
i might . i need to go running or something .
means i could be tired afterwards .
did you end up going out last night ?
thurs night was ok . we went to taco milagro . that place is full of old folks now . how was the weekend ?
you wish that was your problem
i was in new orleans for tim blanchard's wedding . we watched it and then went out in the french quarter . i will probably watch the game this saturday at woodrows . i don't think i want to drive in for the game .
i am definately staying in town . i don't feel like battling that traffic .
i am thinking of going to woodrows again and partying on sat like last time . do you want to golf sat ?
how was this weekend ? did you get into anything ?
should have taken the bet and given the points . i didn't hear from you when i offered that .
definately . let me know .
this is unbelievable . seems like the worst is yet to come . if they have to end up issuing more stock this thing can go to $10 .
i went to grab some pizza , ate and then passed out . those shot i did with those girls wolly knew put me over the edge . sorry about taking off like that . i had a good time , but i ran out of energy quick .
let me know . i will be up for some drinks .
i did .
the wedding was fun . drank a lot during the day and i was worn out sat night after the game . i am staying here this weekend .
i got them . i left you a voice mail last night . send me your address and i will mail them today .
are you going to do your halloween party or what ? i will start telling jill and her friends . i think you should do it . i will help you out with everything on it .
i sent it today so you should get it by thurs .
sorry i didn't get back to you last night . i will find out who is in town . i talked to some people and they are up for it . we could watch lsu and then go to r&r . they are having a pimps and prostitute party .
enron is going to be a penny stock pretty soon . sec is investigating now .
i told dehart to get ahold of me at my parents place . i think he called , but i didn't get the message until sunday . you guys are all welcome to stay at my house . i am sure my parents would love to see you guys again . i am sure my parents will wonder why a bunch of old , fat , and bald 30 year olds are staying at their house instead of a hotel . as for robie , we can give him a blanket and he can sleep out in the side cart of his dirt bike . when is this trip ?
i have a room reserved . it is $160/night . we can split it up and pay $40 each which is cheap . i think it is around jan 12th . i have the room from that thurs-sat .
those brides maids are ready to party . this hotel is right on south beach .
thanks for including me . i don't think i will be able to make a ski trip durning that period . i have to go to miami and party on south beach . sorry . maybe if something was scheduled around spring skiing ( feb-mar ) i could definately go . robicheaux is bald ? i remember that bastard was so hairy when i was living with him . i used to have to shave the soap in the shower after he used it . i know some of the houston guys would like to go skiing so keep us informed .
i definately need to throw in some shit about that and all the stripper sluts we met in vegas . or the hooker scott hooked up with . that would make a good speech .
my 401k is now worthless . i have no money .
our stock is taking a bath .
i like miss +10.5 , iowa st , and ark
yeah . i had it picked out and everything . i had to call the dealer and tell him i am not going to suprise you with it . we can still go to dinner tomorrow night though .
probably not . i think you should understand my situation .
you guys still going out tonight ?
there is a double standard here so i can't understand
b/c i want you to understand when i am out of money , but if you owe me dinner and are out of money i cant understand .
give me a shout later . we need to dress up and party regardless .
i was going to go running after work and then maybe stop by . who all was going to go ?
ok . what are you guys doing for halloween ? boone was thinking about having a party to watch the lsu game and then go out to r&r . i guess there is some halloween thing there . let me knwow what is going on and we can see what is up for later .
so are we still on for dinner or what ?
i think we might go to the garden in the heights party or r&r for halloween . we are going to watch the game first . let me know if you hear of anything else .
i am gonna get wasted at this dinner .
no . it means i am excited to go .
i doubt it . i want to go party afterwards and dress up for halloween . are you going as gi joe again ?
i think i am going to dress up as a chippendale stripper . i am going to oil myself up and go out in a thong .
this is the group throwing the party at r&r sat night . check some of the photos at the link at the bottom . lots of hotties .
i think the only way to burn it on my cpu is download it and then burn it . what is xp ?
i heard saturday , but that looks like it is the following sat . that would work out perfect . i am ready to tear it up .
i think we are now going to r&r . boone has free passes .
read this article . it is a little dramatic .
who told you if you look good with hair you will look good without it ? that sounds like a george costanza . hair is important to women under 45 . i wish i could make this ski trip and see you in action again , but south beach calls .
sorry i had to run last night . so the word is now that enron has about 4 or 5 companies looking to take us over . aol , lucent , revlon? , and a few others . i will give you a call later .
i dont know but we would be the prettiest in the industry .
i am interested in going to the game . i could be up for it .
actually they are not looking at us . some of our lawyers defended revlon . i heard it wrong .
give me a shout at work when you get a chance . 853-7176 .
i think i am going to go to the game .
call me . i cant find your number through the operator .
you still mad at me ? you were pissed last night .
you were letting me have it . i deserved some of it b/c i made some bad jokes , but overall you were pretty brutal . i think i am heading to baton rouge for the game this weekend instead of partying for halloween .
that will get us to baton rouge in time for ou/nu
i was being nice . you kept starting it and then blaming it on me . you were going nuts .
you kept rolling back over and laying into me . you are the one who said you wished i was dead . you went crazy . you were pissed all night . you were venting on a soap box for about 2 hours .
only one thing i said was rude , which i apologized for , and you wouldn't let it die . most of the stuff was started by you . you were just venting frustration you weren't able to communicate when you're sober .
i was sober and i remember how it went down . i said one rude thing in the car and that was it . you were just going nuts and wouldn't let it die . you kept flipping out on me .
weather looks like this: hi 69 lo 42
does anyone have that email where that ut dude gets all drunk ? i need to read it for inspiration .
i am not fighting with you at all . you are just grilling me . you are an angry person .
just messing with you .
it was ok . we went to the lsu game and lsu lost so we came home that night . what did you do this weekend ?
everyone was pissed cause we lost . what did you do this weekend ?
i thought we would win . they suck . i hate football .
i did watch a lot yesterday , but i was tired and slept most of the time .
famous vassigh quotes: "pass the butter" "you gonna finish that?" "if loving this cake is wrong , i don't want to be right" "i can eat twice as much of this ice cream b/c it is fat free" "food in lousyana is overrated . texas food rules" "texas biscuts rule the world" "i like my cookies texas size" "don't mess with texas banana splits"
mack brown lost in austin to north carolina st .
give me a call
how was the weekend ? did i miss anything on saturday night for halloween ?
we will definately go party . i went to the game and it sucked . so your test is this weekend or the following ? sat there is a big party at garden in the heights .
i am going to watch lsu sat and then go to that party at garden in the heights . should be fun . let me know what is going on for your party celebration when you finish .
nothing happened with either . so what is up with the divorced girl ? do you know her ?
nope .
the enron stock is down again . 13 days in a row .
13 days straight . it is trading just over $11 .
it is going to zero
i might go out . i don't think that i am dressing up . are you going out ? i would be up for going out , but i have nothing to dress up in .
i don't want to be a soilder during the war . where are you going if you go out ? sierra ? let me knwo if you decide to go out b/c i think it would be a fun night .
the only thing at la strada is a bunch of nancy boys . are your friends trying to meet gay guys or are they gay ?
that is probably what i will end up doing . i need to find some really nice smelling oil though .
does that make a nice scent when baby oil and lotion are mixed ? i am first going to rub fake tan all over and then grease up . i am just going to wear my new thong and my new gold bracelet . i am going to look awesome when i am dancing . i don't know what you should be . i think you can do better than gi jane though . you could be an umpalumpa for willy wonka . everyone loves those little guys .
anyone going out for halloween tonight ?
potentially
i want to come over and meet some milfs also .
step up and go out like a man . stop crying like a lil' bitch . sierra is gonna be packed with girls dressed like lil hookers . go home , nap and then be ready to go by 8:30-9 .
call me at home if you go out . i will be home around 7ish .
i didn't get your email in time . my number is 713-807-1699h and 713-825-8410c . we went to sierra and it sucked . total banana farm .
i dressed up as a cow with utters and everything . i walked into sierra and there were only a few people dressed up . it was so emabarrassing .
saturday i am going to woodrows to watch the game and then sat night we are going to the garden in the heights party .
good to hear from you . looks like you got out at the right time . ene is a sinking ship . your boy fastow and skilling have sunk it . are they making you work 100 hour weeks yet ?
i am tired . you snore .
you guys want to watch the game at woodrows tomorrow ? there will be some girls there and then we can get them to meet up with us at that garden in the heights party later that night . plus we can be outside watching it .
that isn't snoring , that is the sound of my teeth chattering b/c i have no covers .
you love it when i come over . i satisfy your appetitie for lovin .
i am not going unless lisa promises to get all wasted and boob out .
you don't know what that means ? where did you grow up ? india ?
them just jokes
i just went to dinner . let me know about thurs . good luck on the test .
are we gonna see somebody boone out ?
you aren't going in for the wedding until sunday now ?
what do you mean i am perverted ?
thank god . i feel so much better . i was worrying about it in the shower this morning . thanks for letting me know .
we are meeting these people sunday morning at 10:30am to go to the golf tourney . i will have to pick you up around 10 or you can meet me at my house at 10 .
excellent idea . meet you at my house then . great .
too late . meet me at my house .
i still need to decide whether or not i am going . i think this guy is putting an offer on my house and i might need to look for a house . how was bama ? did you party after we rolled them or was kenny to pissed ?
i might go . depends on this week .
what is a better restaurant to work at ? house of pies or denny's ?
fat ass
just kidding
calling you a fat ass . i am serious about which restaurant is better .
denver defense sucks
it is tough to watch because they cant stop shit . i need to email the paper and complain in this article .
what the fuck is numbers ? i hate live music .
i might be up for it though
looks like becoming a waiter is a better possibility every day .
the stock is below $10 and the company might go bankrupt .
i applied at house of pies last night .
what are the odds of enron making it . seems that we are in a cash crunch .
i am not joking . it will just be temporary until i get back on my feet .
the assets are marked up and we cant sell them . the problem is that we have tapped out our credit lines and we need another $2 billion . seems like we are racing against the clock .
i know . i love working here . i wish it would just get fixed . i don't think mgmt has informed us of what is going on completely .
i won't be a waiter for more than a year . it takes time . it isn't like i will change my profession to a waiter . it will just be something to pay the bills . i don't know why it is so hard for you to understand that . i haven't heard about my house .
i am serious
just getting applications at denny's , house of pies , appleby's and chilis
are you not going to stand by me through this ?
kam - could you give me access to view this site please . my login is mlenhar . thanks
it works . thanks again .
looks like i am going to work at denny's . stock is down about another 2.50 .
sweet . i need a golf allowance then . i can drink beer every night and golf all day while you work . that would be so sweet of you . i cant wait to do that .
yeah . just go ahead and do that . how about the houstonian ? youre the best .
can i just charge the spa to your account ? so now that i am your boy toy what do you want me to do ?
ok sweet baby
it wont let me in . says i need to login .
7:30 or 8 . i don't care when .
i can't wait
can't believe you left last night .
daily dose on enron - we are finished . i need to now get a job at house of pies b/c that is the only way to pay the bills . the economy is down and when enron collapses , the energy industry is going to be in a world of hurt . not to mention the market is going to be flooded with enron folks . can't go to anymore lsu games unless i get a free ticket .
i didn't want you to go . i was just going to sleep anyway . i was too tired to give you any action . enron is blowing up .
i am going to sell my car and use the money to get the field . go- go dancers everywhere .
i have stronger will than you think . house of pies here i come .
you just need it all the time don't you . don't you like me for me ? or am i just a boy toy to you ?
i am going out tonight to get wasted if anyone is interested . jill allen finishes her cpa today and she and her friends are going to party .
max and jen are looking for you . call them at 303-832-8160 . they haven't heard from you in a while .
it isn't going to be happy . let's just call it what it is " deal with being unemployed hour at the bar" .
sorry i didn't call you back last night . i didn't get home until late . looks bad over here . everything was business as usual until yesterday . i think our books were so cooked that it is beyond repair . i will call you later .
dynegy trades around their assets . they aren't big risk takers like enron . looks like the deal is now done . now we just need to wait and see what happens .
this article mentions your chapter of sigma chi .
game is on tv tomorrow .
how did you do on your test ?
no . i was home before 10 . definately party tonight and golf tomorrow .
they inked the deal . dynegy has aquired us .
sounds good . have a good time . i think i am going to stay in town and golf . we will go party some other time .
tux has been ordered . speech is being considered .
no problem . hull said it wouldn't be a good party anyway . you know you didn't fall asleep , it is called passing out .
do you still want to go out tonight ?
i don't know about you guys , but i feel a lot better after reading that .
now i know something will get done .
of course i do . i want to see my sweet baby . how was your day off . did you buy me an xmas gift ?
don't be cruel
maybe . why ?
so everyone is pretty pissed over here b/c there is a report that ken lay will get $80 million if he doesn't join the new company . he is getting a golden parachutte for ruining the company .
i have fri off .
people are pretty upset todya . they have completely fleeced us .
i will pick you up around 7:30-8 .
pins and needles .
there is a credit spread b/t ice and eol for phys transactions
yeah baby . i am a limited partner .
they did talk to the trading floor yesterday and everyone was upset . the only thing i can say for him is that at least he has hung around and stood in the fire . skilling and fastow bolted . i have no respect for them . i guess his golden parachutte was in place since 89 , but that was a situation in which the company is trading at 80 and we are taken over at 110 . not 90 down to 10 .
what is going on ? did you end up going out on sat ?
r&r was fun . we went downtown first and it sucked . i felt like i was in kabul w/ all of al queda . r&r was packed though . i didn't get there until around 1am . when are you going home ?
i am going to stay here . i am going to the ut/a&m game on fri . i am just looking forward to hanging out and relaxing . i need to get some sleep , relax and get my mind off of enron . seems like it is day to day on whether or not we are going out of business . it is wearing on me .
i want to see what my market value is . i don't know what is going to happen here . if you want to do a happy hour let me know . maybe tomorrow after work or something . let me know if you are up for it .
i guess i won't take paige to this
take her to the atl
jill arrington has a bright future ahead of her .
i think that i need to give my resume to your brother in law . enron is collapsing .
definately . tell him i trade west basis in the natural gas market . i appreciate it .
yeah . i can email it to you . i will give you a call later tonight .
sorry i didn't get back to you last night . i was on the other line with paige . i am so pumped about her .
sorry i didn't call you back last night . i got home around 9:30 . i will give you a call tonight . how about the huskers ? that was violent .
mostly internal trading . bidweek starts today , so we will see if physical volume picks up .
ok . i will take it .
are you guys using all your tickets ? i can buy one today if you guys are using yours . probably a good idea for me to buy it anyway . i think that i am going in sat morning .
yeah bra
i got a ticket . fucking girlfriends . girls hate football .
you're already in love .
are your boys ready to get rolled sat . night ?
are you going in town for the lsu game this weekend ?
greatest email ever
we are going in saturday . thanksgiving was great . i played golf all weekend . how was yours . i really appreciate you sending that resume on . did you get this reply earlier ? my cpu keeps blowing up .
