9/23 Bill C . fixed this day and we check 9/24 To MPC-EPMI Colstrip s/b priced with the . 10 cent adder peak & off peak * OK for the hard part ! our nets are ok for the balance of the problem but they aren't priced correctly . We have a 101 peak plus a 25 peaker ( 15-20 ) totaling 1766 mwh's that s/b priced @ 20.55 Then we parked/lended for a total of 590 mwh that s/b priced @ 21.95 . You have them dispursed between several accounts: To BPA-EPMI ( PGE sys)= 497 mw 9/25 I BELIEVE OUR INDICES ARE OFF- I SHOW 18.98 PEAK & 16.60 OFF PEAK??? ? Every account you have on this day is off . Or maybe I have the wrong index !
Hey Young ! Perfect timing I tell you , Natalie came down with the croup . Hence I'm staying here to take care of her cuz Dad's out of town also . Real bummer because there's a lot of fun going to happen up there ! Have a good time ! Maybe we can go hiking around here ! Diana
Either Saturday will be fine .
How do we feel about having approval/denial authority in E-tag for all of the El Paso stuff . How does it work now ?
Steve Hall is contacting Al Paske regarding the transmission contract . Apparently they have already been discussing this issue .
Stewart , I left you an envelope with information regarding the City of K . Falls . Not sure if you forwarded it to anyone to begin the process for credit approval . Can you please respond to Ray's E-mail ? Let me know if there is something else you need me to do .
FYI.... .
Hey what's the scoop on this ?
I went into Scheduling to view these deals and they have been zeroed out . I'm confused as to why they would appear in the view actuals in deal entry . I believe these should synchronize , or they read off of one another . ?  ?
not that we have much equity in our 401 anymore , but we may need to look at which fund to invest in .
Paul , Put me down for a 21" and a 19" if there's availability .
FYI
Lynn , Who can I talk to regarding my password to get into the TSIN site ? Diana Scholtes Enron
Vicky , Thank you again for you assistance with this process . As you requested , this is our notification to PG&E of our purchase from the City of Shasta Lake of their COTP Transmission Capacity bi-directionally . The term of the deal will include the months of November and December 2001 . Also as you requested , I faxed the Confirmation Notice between Shasta and EPMI to your office . I have listed my office number below if you have any further questions . Thanks again , Diana Scholtes Enron West Trading
O.K. ! Just to keep you appraised of what I'm doing , I have left a message with Bob Sullivan @ CISO and I spoke to WAPA . I think the call to WAPA was just to notify them that they won't be managing Shasta's transmission position for the term of our deal . I'm going to be working with Bob Sullivan to create procedures for scheduling purposes . Not sure if you want to stay in the loop for that ? You can update Gerry though , for me . I appreciate your help ! Thanks Diana
Wonder what their nomination will be for Nov ? Thanks Diana
sean just asked who jeff shields was AGAIN
this is first of the month week for us and busy ! if there is no one else , let me know and we can try to re-arrange our coverage . Thanks ,
FYI Here's our password for the TSIN registry . Dave , I figured someone in IT would need to have this password incase Cara and I aren't around ! Diana
Hey just wanted you to know that the Real-Time position Mgr . is still not working; or updating .
thanks
Hey Monica ! Long time no hear ! Just wanted to make sure you and Kristian are doing fine . Morale here is extremely low . I'm sure its the same there . But we continue to be busy . Good thing for all of us ! When are you guys coming back to the states ? By the way , how are your parents ? I hope they are safe and well . Keep in touch ! Diana
FYI
Either Sean or I will be forwarding the e-mails to real-time for now on . Diana
please sign me up for myself and spouse . Thank you Diana Scholtes
To PGE @ PGE SYS LOSS RTN To PGE @ PGE SYS LOSS RTN
taken care of . Sorry for the delay !
STNW DESK IS LONG 50 MW PEAK FOR MONDAY AND TUESDAY 11/12 - 11/13 . ITS PARKED WITH PGE . PLEASE SELL AT THE MID-C UNLESS NEGOTIATED TO A DIFFERENT DP WITH PGE . DEAL # 865749.1 IS OUR PURCHASE FROM PGE . IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTION PLEASE CALL MYSELF OR SEAN . THANKS! !
Bill , There's going to be a NERC E-Tag survey on Saturday 17th for HE 1400 PST . CA's will be reporting who is and who isn't in compliance . I received a call today to remind us of this from PGE transmission . Apparently , they have been noting , as practice who's in compliance and who isn't , and I guess our stats aren't looking good . We just need to make sure we submit tags for every transaction whether is on time or late .
FYI
you might like reading this .
time lines for continued e-tag implementation is listed towards the bottom of the attachment . There's other information that will be useful also .
Todd , Thank you for your e-mail . I would be interested in speaking to you regarding your opportunities . To give you a little bit of my background , I have been in the energy business since 1991 . My current position with Enron consists of Management of and Trading in the short term markets , specializing specifically in the Northwest market . My prior experience includes Trading the short term markets for Portland General and NW Operation/Reliability functions within BPA . You may reach me by either e-mail or my cell phone ( 503 ) 701-5759 . Sincerely , Diana Scholtes Director Enron American- West Trading
3/14 I found the 142 mw discrepancy . Fixed it too . But I'm still off with you . Your sales and purchases don't match by 2 mw>?? ? I agree wtih 4326 total mwh's Purchases: $895776.78 3/22 The 35 mw is actually 36 and you are right its the loss rtn , but we return those to you @ zero cost and should not be included in our totals . Purchases: 2537 MW $ 915,712.31 - we check here Sales: 2537 MW $911,055.41 Is this all we have wrong with March ? If so , YEE HAW !
THE STNW DESK IS SHORT 20 MW AT THE MID-C HLH FOR FRIDAY AND SATURDAY 11/16 & 11/17 PLEASE SUPPLY AT THE MID-C UNLESS OTHERWISE NEGOTIATED WITH PGE REAL-TIME . IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS , PLEASE TALK TO SEAN OR I . THANKS
Hi ! It has been a long time ! As you know things here are very shaky . I can't believe the big E has crumbled ! Who would have ever guessed ! Everyone is completely disappointed and mostly pissed off . I'll have to give you the inside scoop sometime when we get together ! And we need to ! I'll be traveling around making my rounds to find out what's in the market place soon . So , hopefully I'll get a chance to see you . Any chance of you and Mark coming down ? We have plenty of room for the two of you; you're always welcome . I love your house ! Thanks for sending the picture . Its so exciting but its also a lot of work ! I'm glad I'm done ! It's nice to be in the house , but also funny all the work and effort you put in and how exciting it is all those months while you're in the process....all to be completely indifferent with it afterwards ! Its very strange , but what to do ? Natalie , I can't believe is 3 ! And a very terrible 3 . My hands are full ! I'm contemplating of putting her in ski school this winter . She quite the daring child , so I think she'll enjoy . Ask Mark for me if this is too young . She won't think so , its mostly my fear . =3D ) You'll get a kick of the pictures I've attached . One of them is my depiction a young Penny Lane . Hopefully you saw Almost Famous to understand my analogy ! You'll also notice the Beagle that Bill bought for Natalie . HAHA ! His name is Presley . She's absolutely in love with him . Keep in touch ! Diana
I will concur with Cara's response of nothing serious as to bring up in a formal setting . Diana
FYI
Thanks Fran ! I was just running the report to do the same thing ! I'll take care of it all today .
Deal # 880928.2 for the 7th i still need to fix the 2nd
the 2nd is fixed
ok try again
In discussion with Bob Floyd with CDWR and Mike Brommer from TID , Enron will continue its obligations to TID with a delivery @ NP-15 . CDWR and TID have entered into the $3 In-Area facilitation between themselves . If you have any further questions , please call me at 503-464-3807 . Thanks again ! Diana Scholtes Enron- West Portland
Deal # 614339.1 in the LTCA book has been changed from a fixed price of $158 to $155 . This is due to us not facilitating and paying for the CDWR In-Area sleeve . Diana
Thanks for the invite ! This will be a great event !
Michael and Garrett , I appreciate your patience in advance . Things here at Enron have been quite hectic . I have attached my resume and look forward to speaking with you both . Regards , Diana Scholtes
Todd , I appreciate your call earlier this morning . I apologize for not being able to speak to you at the time . I have attached my resume and look forward to speaking with you . Regards , Diana Scholtes
I will be out of the office Friday Dec 7 . I can be reached at home or by cell
Audrey , I'll try again from your original e-mail . I obviously didn't work the first time ! Thanks again for your time . I look forward to working with you . Regards , Diana Scholtes
I received your message and those times are good for me . I will be in contact with you next week . Regards , Diana Scholtes
Anne , There seems to still be a problem with a couple of days . I'm not sure if you've made the changes after sending me this detail . If not here's the list of problems that I see: 3/14 Purchases(ours)- To PCW-EPMI(PGE Sys ) 142mw priced at 177.17 and it should be @ $177.77 . Total= $895,776.78 3/17 Remember this is the day that should look exactly like the 16th purchases ( ours) . 3/18 On our sales to you....the MPC-EPMI Colstrip you have it priced @ $370 . This should be @ $343.85.. . Total for March Purchases: $22,387,004.05 Sales: $22,250,089.59
Virginia , We match for March . If you can inform whoever it is that's still here so we can follow thru our billing . We are now working on August . Thanks ,
Here we go!!! ! My Purchases: 8/9 To BPA-EPMI(PWX ) 51 mw should be priced at 70.72 and not 70.22 Total= $433,054.06 8/17 Looks like your missing the park/lending deal [150 peak @41.21; 100 off @ 31.39] Total=$269,516.56 8/18 Same as the 17th . Total= 267,475.56 Once these are fixed I'm good on the purchase side . Will be working on my sales to you next ! thanks
FYI
Amy , I have forward this to Sean Crandall to help you settle . I will be out of the office for the balance of the year . Thanks , Diana Scholtes
What we are looking at is cleaning up for December . So the schedule strips have already been created . For settlement purposes , we have to go in and clean house . So it wouldn't help to change the deal in Deal Entry and I'm not even sure that we can do it anyway because of deal preservation . So we are looking at a time strip for example Dec 8-31 to zero out "Counter party" . I will be talking to John tomorrow morning to find out more about the West Bankruptcy book . Don't know anything about it . Thanks again , Diana
Will , Can you tell me what day was the last to be rolled in Auto Scheduler ? I'm trying to go back into December to balance Enpower for Settlement purposes . Thank you , Diana Scholtes
Hello John ! I appreciate the recommendation , but I am not in the position right now to make a move . If they are interested in discussing a position here in the NW , I would be more interested in that . I hope everything is going well for you . Keep in touch ! Diana
Michael , I had a family emergency that I had to attend to prior to the holidays . So I apologize , I haven't been in town . Not sure what happened with our pre-arranged days to have discussions with your prospect , but hopefully we can reschedule . Considering my situation now with my family , I will not be looking for a re-location anytime soon , but rather something either in Portland or within the West . If Exelon is willing to explore opportunities with that in mind , then please set some time aside to discuss . You can continue to reach me either at home ( 360-834-3579 ) or at work ( 503-464-3807) . I no longer have a cell phone available at this time . Thank you for your time . Hope your holidays were good . Regards , Diana Scholtes
Leslie , I'm trying to get a jump on making sure we have everything done properly in Enpower for the month of January . My question is whether we , the West desk , should enter any changes in Enpower due to OUR non-delivery and/or incremental deals ? We have everything recorded on our Trade sheets , but if it would make it easier for you to settle or relay to the Estate by us making the changes in Deal Scheduling , we can do so . I also understand , after talking to John , you will be using our Trade sheets for such changes for the month of December . I'm not sure who you would like us to assist in translating our sheets , but if you can call me , we can set up a conference call and I'll coordinate from each desk to attend . If there is anything else that you need us to do to help your group please let me know . Diana Scholtes West Desk
10/11 We are in trouble . You have some price points that don't make sense . We should go thru this day together . 10/12 To BPA-EPMI RP-LS-MC . ....there should be 3 mw off peak priced at 22.27 . Total Purch= $74,629.93 10/17 You don't show the lending; 13 mw off peak at system . 10/21 You should have a total of 1200 mw @ $29.21 adder and 600 @ $24.81 . I fixed the 600 mw descrepancy that we had . Total Purchase = $103,251.56 10/22 To PCW-EPMI Sale -MC you show 400 @ 24.81 . I show 200 @ that price and 200 should be priced with a 60 cent adder for busbar/mid.c 10/29 To BPA EPMI-RP-LS MC . ...is priced at $35.35 and it should be at 34.47 Total Purch= $118,078.79 10/31 To MPC-EPMI Colstrip - you have 14 mw priced at $30 and it should be at 30.48 . Total Purch= $123,318.72 send you some more later!! !
Steve- Below is the wire transfer information needed to pay the November bill . Paul- Also attached are blank enabling agreements needed for transmission . Mark Hackney said the turn around for this can be 1 to 2 days and with credit established he can waive the deposits . Diana
I talked to Arvina this morning and she noticed that she has calculated the loss return using the wrong indicies . She will be fixing that this morning . I am attaching a summary of the loss return calculation and a quick summary of checking I did against Arvina spreadsheet . There is a deal that we entered in differently , but the net result is the same . Diana
Hey----We didn't use it on the 10th . So i revised the spreadsheet and updated Enpower .
Sales to PGE- Missing 50 mw llh buy/resale System to Mid-c .
Hey Will ! Remeber us dicussing deals showing up in Real-Time Position manager that are the EPMI-West-Bank . Can you remove these from this view ? thanks , Diana
P:Trading|California|CaScheduling|Cash/Postion(CA,NW,SW ) needs to be made available for Houston settlements . Thank you , Diana Scholtes
Steve , Please wire $301,632.00 to Avista . This will cover our NW book of business for January 20 thru January 26 . I will e-mail you the net P& L associated with this transaction as soon as I find the original spreadsheet . If you have any questions , please let me know . Diana
Yes ! Thanks for all your help !
Audrey , Sorry to get this to you today . I had originally sent this to you from home and it didn't work , so we'll try to do this from here at work . I have listed some people and referenced their region . Hope this is what you were looking for . Have a nice weekend ! Diana Scholtes Northwest Dale Hubbard Avista/Washington Water Power 509-495-4911 Kathy Hara Avista Energy 509-495-8712 Dan Sparks Idaho Power Company 208-275-8300 Paul Wood Pacificorp 503-813-5387 Northern California Kevin McMahon NCPA 916-786-0123 John Perry Sierra Pacific 775-834-3529 Spence Gerber CISO 916-351-2284
Our Purchases: 11/6 We are out by the 1mw real loss return that you should show . Total= 60,503.77 11/14 I think you have wrong indicies . Really really wrong ! = ) 11/15 To MPC-EPMI Colstrip- you have 96 MW price wrong . Should be @ 19.69 . Total=49,993.27 11/17 Same as the 16th but a different dispursment of mw's between accounts . Total= 50,303.73 With these changes we will match on our purchases . Total = $2,105,816.35 I'll look at my sales and send it along .
Anna , Thank you for taking the time to forward my resume to Ohio . Hope everything is going well for you ! Diana Scholtes
We match with $424.80 owing to PGE for the month of December 01
Virginia , Not sure who handles the PGE account , but I have completed the settlements for the year 2001 . I am still working on Dec 2000 issues and should have those complete this week . Can you please forward this to the appropriate people in Houston . Thanks , Diana Scholtes
ms . freeland , I don't know who will be updating this information for the estate , but someone needs to .
i think this is some kind of hint . please help
Hi Amy ! So glad to have you back ! I talked to Grace this morning and she said it was ups'd yesterday . I submitted it last week , so I'm not sure why the delay . Please let me know if you don't receive it today . Talk to you soon ! Diana
Everything is getting lost ! I did my drug test last Friday .
I'm not sure how much money is in the fund for these types of events , but it may help get our name out there .
Jeanne , Per our conversation , I am requesting a check for the remaining dollar value from the relocation credit card provided to me . The name as it appears on the card is Matthew Smith . My new address is: 2345 Bering Dr. , Apt . 514 , Houston , TX 77057 . It would be great to have the check by the end of the week . Thanks you . Mat
Email and phone conversation at the same time !
Don't get too excited to hear about the rest of the day...I don't have much positive to write . It's been boring and I'm very uneasy about my role in this group . More later.. . Mat
Yes , I'm scheduling for the West desk , so I need whatever software package is required . Thanks .
Sorry for the no call . I was busy until about 10 pm and....well I just got Anyway , I'll call you later...ok ? I promise . Mat
It's funny , even the southern ones . How was your night ? Please send e-mail to my compuserve account from now on ( mds12403@cs.com) . Thanks . Mat
Regan , Hey , I hope things are still going well . I've been thrown right into the mix right away and have barely had a minute to breathe . I'm scheduling gas after the morning trades have been made which basically entails lining up the buyers and sellers to exchange contract numbers . However , it's a great place to learn operational logistics . The intent is that I'll be productive in the role immediately while learning the ropes . As they hire the needed full-time schedulers and I get up to speed , I'll move into market research for the traders . My first such assignment is to value storage in different markets based on historical gas pricing and injection-withdrawel strategies . Let's just say my plate looks to be full . By the way , I'm sure you saw the previous email from our buddy , Ted Bland . Looks like he got the message , although I'm still feeling like there's still some orientation regarding the A/A program itself that we're missing . For instance , did you see that there's a whole page in the intranet dedicated to the program . It mentions month guest speakers and lunches . I also saw mention of a mentoring program . Of course , the A/A happy hours important as well . I'd like to know more . Anyway , the real reason I wanted to drop the line is to find out if you're spending all your time in Georgia , or if you want to grab lunch sometime this week or hear of any after work activities that would help in meeting other people at Enron . You can reach me at 3-0472 . Later , Mat
Lunch on Friday sounds great . Mat
Hey , I just wanted to pass along my phone numbers for future reference: Office: 3-0472 Home: 713-784-8180 Cell: 832-444-7702 By the way , I finally spoke with Jennifer today . She would like to get together with us for a few beers whenever we decide . Mat
Thanks , Gwen .
Hey , I hope you've gotton a chance to get a phone any everything . I finally have access to all the computer applications that I need . If only I had access to the directories with the required files ! Anyway , I wondering what you thought about drinks after work thursday and if you had any venue preference ? Mat
Marlo , As discussed , I am forwarding to you two spreadsheets with the requested information . Each spreadsheets are identified by month . Within each spreadsheet are a number of tabs . Based on the customers you mentioned on the phone , I believe you need only to use the "OCCMarkets" tab . Customers are along the horizontal with dates on the vertical . For each customer , several columns are used to identify the gas supplied to the customer from each location . Please call if you have any further questions . Mat
I didn't forget , I'm just new to Lotus.. .
Marlo , Can you please forward that email you sent me to Patti Sullivan since I have not used the path manager and my mail forward feature is not working . Thanks . Mat
Yo , you about ready ?
Don't mess with Texas.....especially the women !
Hey , I didn't call you back because of the fuckup that I learned of right after you hung up on me . I'm sorry .
Reagan , Charles just got a phone call for you ! Apparently , his phone number is listed in the directory for you . Since I didn't remember your number , we told the guy we'd pass on his name and number . His name is Ted Spackey with Oh , by the way , I ended up going to the Volcano last night til 12:30 and had a great time . Those frozen screwdrivers will fuck you up . I get half way in the door and one of the traders in my group comes running up to say . I hung out with her and this other guy who's one of our brokers . Random . The broker was great to talk to because he had great things to say about Enron , and he wasn't kissing ass for the business because his last day is today and he's moving back East . Anyway , I'm exhausted . No partying for me tonight . Mat
Dear GEICO , I have no idea who those people are that are identified in your email . I would be interested in knowing how some random peoples' driving incidents are some how associated with me and my insurance application . I have never had an insurance claim . Please feel free to contact me with any further questions . Mathew Smith Dear Mr . Smith: Thank you for your request for auto insurance . Please provide the details requested below to expedite the processing of your request . We routinely run a claims history for all new policies and the following claims were found . Please provide details of each claim: 1.08-22-99 Gregoire B . Poyet-Smith at fault accident 2.12-09-98 James A . Smith at-fault accident We will resume the processing of your request as soon as we receive the details requested above . Sincerely , GEICO DIRECT
The happy hour tonight is at the Timbewolf near Bissonnet and Kirby . It says 6 pm , but whatever . I'll probably go then . If you guys aren't ready , maybe I'll go and check it out before you guys make the trip . Mat
I don't think we have any open slots , but pass your resume on to me and I will pass it on . When would your rotation begin and would this be a second or third rotation ? Mat
I would look at it again , but I'm late for my class . The only way to reach me is by pager - 713-716-0795 . Sorry , Mat
Well , thank you for the clarification . I was confused because I was hanging out with him Friday at happy hour and he said he was busier than ever . I mentioned that I talked to you , and he had nothing but nice things to say about you . Hope all is well . Mat
Just wanted to let you know that I passed your resume on to the desk director . Mat
Tuesday is good for me as far as I could tell . Mat
ENRON ROCKS !
I'm not visiting you . You're just a place to lay my head .
email
I will be attending the happy hour on Thursday . Mathew Smith Associate , West Gas Trading
Pedro , I'd like to help , but to be honest , I don't know what LPG stands for . Is LPG a commodity ? Gas pipeline ? Pooling point ? Let me know , and I'll see what I can do . Mathew Smith
I am available for any of those dates with very little preference which . I would prefer a month long stay . Ammenities required include , very large hot tub filled with booz , many beds with soft satin sheets , a fuck swing , a large ( I mean really large ) TV for various pleasure movies , a steam room , a maid , and a chef . I also require that you keep me informed of the attending women . I need to know as soon as possible whether I need to fly in my own to take advantage of such ammenities. . Gracious . With love and anticipation of a memorable trip , Mateo .
Brief , Sorry for being such a loser by not getting in touch with you a little sooner . It's totally my fault . Anyway , I do want to catch up with you sometime . Also , I will be back in NY in two weeks , but only for one day . So , check your calendar for the Sunday after Thanksgiving . I'm getting in early in the morning , so maybe we could go out to lunch or something . I'll give you a call sometime this week . When are the best times to get a hold of you ? Here's some digits for you: You can pretty much get a hold of me anytime . I usually work till around 6 pm . Anyway , I speak to you soon . El Presidente
OK
Thursday definitely no...friday maybe . Also Dave Shank is in town to work with Marine this week . You remember Dave don't you ?
What are we going to do , Brief . I can only say that will probably hit the City sometime during the upcoming holidays . I will promise to give you some warning so that we can get together , and maybe I'll even stay more than a day this time.. . Anyway , I hope your Thanksgiving was nice , although it sounds like your work responsibilities are indifferent to holidays . I had a nice time at home and I saw Rent while I was in the City Sunday . I give you a call soon . Mat
Make sure you take care of Dave.. .
Awesome dude ! I'll definitely be around . Hey , maybe you can bring my wine ( or the empty bottles which is probably more likely) . Mat
Mi casa es su casa . I've got plenty of room . Hey what's this I hear about you and Heather looking for a plot of land ?
Pablo , Have we made any progress on finding out why the Northwest website is not accessible before 7 am ? For your reference the error message is below . The address is Error 500--Internal Server Error From RFC 2068 Hypertext Transfer Protocol -- HTTP/1.1: 10.5.1 500 Internal Server Error The server encountered an unexpected condition which prevented it from fulfilling the request . Thanks . Mat
Everything went well , and you ? We are suppose to hear today ! I don't know what time...but I guess this means you haven't heard anything yet . Let me know when you do , and I'll do the same . I'm sure we both did fine , since they didn't give us the technical tests .
I need descriptions of all the people on the mailing list that I don't already know .
Any news yet ?
huh ?
I think they met all of the candidates and decided to scrap the whole program . Either that or Ted's buying time to go out and find more candidates . It's very dissappointing that we have heard absolutely nothing thus far . I'm too chickenshit to ask Phillip . Early today three of the six people I interviewed with were in my area talking...its sucks just knowing that they know and aren't offering any info .
Cool . I actually left a message with Ted , but obviously I've heard nothing .
Thanks .
Mark , Did we not already do this ? Mat
Aah , thanks for the clarification .
Damn it ! What did I say ? Do you read your emails or what ? I want descriptions ! I want chicks . I need a chick . I need a really cool chick to hang out with .
My response is that you need to call me tonight because email sucks .
Seriously , you better fucking call me . Mark's away and I'm lonely .
no .
Hey , you still coming to H-town ?
Hey , I , for some reason , just got your email . Anyway , I'll try to call you later in the morning , but if you want to call me at work my # is 713-853-0472 . Talk to you soon . Mat
I agree . Everything is just peachy up here . My scheduling group wants me to stay in this rotation for another month , and I think Philip has ok'ed it . He also thinks that for my next rotation , he'll just switch me with an analyst in the risk group that works on our books , soooooooooo....I'm curious how this "track" will actually affect me . Happy hour tomorrow ? Mat
Jeanie , As you may already know , I'm scheduling on the West Gas Desk....Socal , El Paso , TW , Williams , etc . Do you need any more info ? Do you have any more info on how this program is going to be structured ? If so , I'd be interested . See you around , Mat
Hey , are you there.............................. ?
Agghhh , it's so nice to get email from you . I was thinking about old times . I can picture you right behind the cube wall in front of me and practically hear you yacking on the phone....or whispering to Jimmy... .
Hey , you know my email doesn't update automatically , I actually have to refresh it manually . It sucks... . So , yes changes were good....although......I don't exactly know which changes you were referring to , but I'll pick which ones I would have liked you to be thinking of . Anyway , I think I'm heading out to happy hour soon with jeff , so you'll have to call if you want to communicate . Later . Mat
Hey , do you have instant messenger ? You're the type of person that would utilize it to its fullest potential . Anyway , I have it , and I think you should so you can send me an instant message .
Well , will discuss that later . Call me whenever you want . Mat
Seeing as how its 6:13 pm central time and I didn't know you sent the email until I "manually" checked before packing up to go home , I'd say not . How about that Instant Messenger , though . Just think , you'd be able to send me a message and I instantly read it . Almost better than email at Malcolm Pirnie .
Total price for this trip: $268.50 Here is a detailed description of the flight(s ) you selected , along with any rules and restrictions that apply . 1 Review the flight details Fri 5-Jan-01 4hr 0mn New York ( LGA ) Depart 3:00 PM to Houston ( IAH ) Arrive 6:00 PM Flight: 1975 Economy/Coach Class , Snack , Boeing 737-300 , 60% on time Total miles: 1415 mi Total flight time: 4hr 0mn Sun 7-Jan-01 Depart 5:47 PM to New York ( LGA ) Arrive 10:00 PM Flight: 1974
The ones to Hobby are American , and the others are Continental . On American , the one's I sent are the about the only ones . Continental has many available flights for about $35 more . Mat
Sure , unless I'm on a flight .
Just so you know , I should be home around six or so . Definitely going to bed early , though , and the Street is on from 8-9 .
So , any more info regarding the chicks...or I mean ski trip ? As in , what people think of the digs , when people are wanting to go . My update is that the best weekend for me is the first weekend in March . As lucky as I am , it's probably the worst one for everyone . Hey , do you think you could send me emails of all of those going . I think we should start copying the whole group on correspondance . Mat
Leo , Well , actually that is how I spell my name as well...but not Enron - one of the drawbacks to working for a large company . Your analysis of the database structure and its intent is correct . The extra table enables the use of a many-to-many relationship between regulatory items and facilities . Joanne and I previously discussed the need to "keep track" of all facilities referenced in a particular order . This relationship allows users to query facility and review data related to an order . For instance , if an order required the upgrade of chlorination facilities at several plants , one could develop a query and report that produced the results of all equipment inspections for the related facilities . This would not be possible ( or at least not achieved as easily ) without the many to many relationship . So yes , you are giving up functionality , so I would only consider eliminating the table if it would causing undo problems with the database . As far as actually modifying the database , there would be some manual labor required for those orders with multiple facilities already assigned . I have to go , but if you or Joanne need to discuss it over the phone , I'd be happy to with a little notice . Mat
Kristen , How often do you check your cell phone and email for messages ? Mat
Tracy , I believe I neglected to RSVP to you regarding the Associate orientation beginning February 12th . If possible I would like to attend a portion of the activities . Since I have been with Enron for five months , I do not think I should attend the entire program , but I believe the Derivatives , Modeling and Risk sessions would be of value to me . Please let me know if I can still attend these sessions . Thank you . Mathew Smith
Kristen , Just wanted to let you know that I didn't get any emails from you last night or today .
Steve , Hey , what's up my friend ? I hear that business is well in Puerto Rico ( although that was quite awhile ago so who knows) . I'm assuming that you are , indeed , still there . I can't believe that I've just finished my fifth month with Enron . It's been great , though . Everything is new so I'm learning a ton . Working on a trading floor is quite a different environment than Pirnie . My desk is so small it reminds of Puerto Rico , although there are no bomb threats , the bell does not sound at lunch , and the number of holidays does not exceed the number of work days in the year . I've recently been accepted into a subprogram of the program I'm in to become a trader , so my next year is pretty much planned and eventually I'll start trading . Anyway.. . I was just thinking the other day that I miss my trips to the island ( especially my accomodations at the Excelsior) , and I can't help feeling a little shorted that I didn't get a follow-up event of the Reggae tour or diving trip . So I was wondering if maybe I should come down some weekend and make it right. , you know put all of the planets back in alignment . So I was wondering if you might be able to put me up for a weekend and maybe do some diving or something . If not , then no big deal , there's about zillion places I'd like to visit in the next few months . Just drop me a note sometime and let me know what you think . Please say hello to Pat , Joanne and Juan Carlos for me . By the way , it was bittersweet to hear Barry left soon after I did . Had he done so sooner , I would have taken his spot ! Anyway , wish everyone well and I'm curious to hear what's happening on the island these days . Take care , Mat
Louis , When I started July 31st , you arranged parking for me in the Regency garage until the time that a spot opened up to get on an Enron contract ( I am not currently) . I haven't heard anything , and I know some people that have obtained Enron parking . I signed my name to a list that you circulated at orientation . Is there something further that I need to do ? Mathew Smith
Hey , I just wanted to let you know that it's 7 pm Wednesday and I still have not received any emails from you regarding the ski trip .
Steve , I'm real flexible on timing , but this whole - you may not be there thing - definitely restricts the possibilities . What are the chances of a follow-on tour ? Won't the contract be renewed ? If your tour was indeed over , would how long would you be there both with and without a contract extension ? Which weekend do you intend to be around and wish to have company . The later the better for me , but seriously , I could probably get on plane next weekend if that was the only opportunity . I'll give a call sometime , but I don't think I have the number anywhere . Can you send it to me ? FYI , my numbers Later dude .
That is good to hear . Give me a call today as you indicated . Mat
FYI How are you feeling today ? I couldn't get to sleep until 11 pm , but I actually feel pretty good . I'm excited because Steve H . replied and said Icould definitely come down , although , he said are contract is over at the eof jan and his tour might be over ! still waiting to hear whether a non-renewal is a realistic possibility or whether its like every other yearI thought you mentioned that we got all that 8 mil or whatever of work downthere . Interesting... . anyway , I finally got signed up for the continentaltravel specials . I assume you get them but just incase you wanted to go toLouisville , KY or something , I thought I'd send it along . I'd take advantage , but I'm have to work a few hours this weekend and I think its alittle late to switch with somebody . Well , I should get back to work although it looks like now is just a sit around and bullshit about California gas period in the day . Later... . Continental Airlines on 01/03/2001|
Well if you're still there , I hope the studying is going well . Malo means bad . I feel bad because today was a big cluster fuck on the socal system . The reason I feel bad is Jan was out today ( she usually does Socal ) and either Ted or I was going to fill in for her . Neither of us wanted to do it , and Ted got stuck with it . Well...I would have done it , but I was out until 2 am last night and I didn't want to fuck up because of it . Socal can be high stress because there are huge time constraints and its the most expensive gas in the country . Anyway , a bunch of shit got fucked up . It's not Ted's fault , but he really had a rough day because of it . I think I might have been able to do a better job , but I knew there was chance for error because neither of us have done it in a while . I feel bad . Regardless , I'm pretty whipped and am looking forward to going home . Of course , I have a whole weekend of work to look forward to ! Anwyay , it looks like I'm about done here , so I have one last word for
Matt , I'm sorry I have'nt done any testing . I'm working this weekend so I'll give it a go . Thanks . Mat
That;'s funny . I must have missed your call the other day . Mark must not have given me the message or the answering machine is broke . Regardless , I'll be available all weekend with my phone with at all times . You could also try my work number as I'm working this weekend . Mat
Basically , you don't want to talk to me anymore : ( I just want to be loved... . Just kidding , I can't really respond right now , so I'll give you a call later . I don't think I'm going to come now , so the time constraint is off . Mat
Brief , You name the time and the place between 2:30 pm Friday January 12th through 12 pm Monday January 15th ! Pres
OH MY GOD , THIS IS WAY TOO FUCKING WEIRD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ! I sent you the message below earlier today and had two emails waiting for me this afternoon . One indicating that I sent it to the wrong address and your email . I can't believe it ! The worst part about it is that , yes , I am planning a trip to NYC , and I'm going to be there this weekend , which was the point of my email this morning ! HOLY SHIT ! THAT SUCKS ! I can't believe you're not going to be there . When are you leaving/coming back ? I try to call you , but I don't know if I still have you're numbers ( I've been useless since my Palm Pilot crashed) . Anyway , again , this is freaky . Pres The original message was received at Mon , 8 Jan 2001 21:04:20 GMT from [172.28.10.38] ----- The following addresses had permanent fatal errors ----- ----- Transcript of session follows ----- . . . while talking to mx1.mail.yahoo.com.: >>> DATA <<< 554 delivery error: dd This user doesn't have a yahoo.com account 554 . . . Service unavailable
Yeah , yeah , yeah.. .
Cheryl , I will be attending the reception on Thursday for the A/A program . Thanks . Mathew Smith
Good Morning . Sorry I didn't call last night...I went out and it was late when I got home , and not knowing how late you were going to be out , I decided not to take the chance of waking you . So did you have a good time ? Who did you go with ? I didn't think you were going out until the weekend - you little party animal . That means you must have missed Buffy and Angel ! Oh I bet you taped it though , and no I didn't watch them incase you were wondering . Remind me to tell you about a new project I may get involved in . If I kick ass , there's a small chance it could be a fast track to getting a trading book . Oh , and have you talked to Dave lately ? He said his dinner went well , and although they didn't offer as much money as he was hoping , I think it was a lot and I bet the farm that he'll take it . Anyway , I have to run . Have a nice day . Mat
Hey , are you at work today ?
Did you have fun last night ?
Are you busy ?
I want my bed , too . Ideally , I'm going to take a nap when I get home so I can go out later . If I can't nap then I'm not going out because I definitely want to go out tomorrow...not too hard though because I'm saving some steam for NYC baby . The AGA storage injection number came out low , so I think we're losing a bunch of money today . Oh well , it's the new year . Don't you want to hear about my new project , though ? I can tell because you're so inquisitive...I guess I'll just wait for the weekend . Later .
Well it's good to hear from you . I'm glad the skiing was good . I'm jealous , although I'm going to NY this weekend , and I'm trying to set up a day of skiing ! I haven't reserved the place yet , but as of yesterday it was still available . I was suprised to get mail from Duncan yesterday...then I realized it was a check...cool . So , when do you think the rest will be on the way . Once I know , I'll go ahead and get the place . Give me a call , though . I'll try you today if I don't hear from you first . I'm leaving for NY tomorrow morning , but I'll have my phone all weekend . Stay cool . Mateo .
Who are you ?
So tired I am .
Well , it wasn't that bad . I was delayed a half an hour from Newark and then was only about a half an hour late getting into Houston . I made it to bed by 12:15 am and managed to drag myself out of bed at 5 am . I have a bunch of work to do this week which SUCKS , but I'm interested and excited about what I have to do , so it's good . Fortunately this scheduling thing has become second nature so I don't really have to think too much this morning . How are you ? Mat
Hey , we need to talk . So far I've gotten Duncan's check and that's it . I have not gotten the place yet , since I was waiting for you to tell me that they are on their way . Since I have not heard from you , I'm assuming they are not....so what's up ? I still need everyone's email because I don't not have those original messages with everyones address on them . I think it would be great if everyone who's commited could send me an email just saying when they plan on paying...I guess it's really only your friend and Duncan's friend , so I guess it's not really a big deal . I don't know , I guess I just don't have a warm fuzzy feeling because you're the only person I speak to and I often times have trouble getting in touch with you , which by the way , you never did reply to my email asking how often you read you email so I know whether I should use it to get in touch with you . Anyway , I just got back from NYC...had a great time , except for the fact that Scully feels the need to build a wall between us . I can deal , but its just kind of annoying . I just feel the need to put this skiing thing to bed quickly . Mat
Oh yes , I had a good time , although very exhausted from getting in late . Did you have a good weekend ? Hand out with Marky much ? I noticed some of my wine stash was depleted . Did you have anything to do with that ? Mat
Ina , I need to be able to pull price curves from the Oracle database . Can you please see to it that I get the proper access tomorrow . This is required for a special project for Phillip , so it is high priority . Let me know if you need any further clarification of what I need , but I think IT should know . Thank you . Mat
Hey , just wanted to let you know I made $10,000 today ( for me that is) . Just wanted to tell someone...it's for doing the trading track . Mat
Tonight my ass...call me now...713-853-0472 .
so not even remotely funny .
Thanks for reminding me , I was in the process of emailing you , but I got distracted . Anyway , it was working for Ken because he had someone's password coded into the file . One of the IT guys found it and coded it into my file , so that I really don't need access anymore . Apparently I have all the necessary software as well . Thanks . Mat
Phillip , I'm building a sheet for each person specifically for financial hedging . Each day it will pull in the previous days position and previous day price curve to calculate the mark to market . Then that day's transactions can be entered to calculate the P & L of transactions which close out previous positions , as well as to calculate the new open positions . Initially , I thought that daily P&L could be calculated by simply adjusting the P&L whenever a transaction was made by the difference between the bid/offer of the closed out position by the offer/bid of the new position ( of course time value and storage costs would be included) . However , this only works if the person is 100% hedged , meaning they do not have any open positions which require marking . As the seller of synthetic storage utilizing 100% hedging , I should be able to do this , except for the fact that I will have size limits on transactions that will probably leave me open here and there . The main question I have is simply , "Should I be calculating the P&L for each person's storage book for open and closed positions?" Then beyond that , if we do calculate the P&L's from the buyer side , it seems that if their storage is not hedged , I will have to develop the market value of the storage in the ground and the remaining capacity to mark to market it . So , I guess I could apply the model for that purpose . Does this make sense to you ? Any comments are appreciated . Thanks . Mat
I was waiting by the phone all day and night for you to call , but no , I was ever dissappointed that I was not a high priority for you . I suppose I'll just keep waiting . Mat
Tom , Thanks for the new version . I finally got the other version to work , but only by running it on Ken's computer . I have some questions regarding the summary sheet , and I plan on spending a significant amount of time with the model this weekend....so yes , let's meet tomorrow if possible . I'm free anytime except between 9:30 am and noon . Just name the time and place . I also need to get familiar with the model used in Chicago for the real time decision making . Speak to you soon . Mat
Tom , Here are the two curve files for this year that I have downloaded . Thanks for your help . Mat
Kristen , I thought Mark had called you , but I guess not . He said that he can't have Wendy and Amy change their plans , so he can't go on the ski trip . It was pathetic....I heard , "so , are you guys still planning on coming that weekend?...well good...." He proceeded to talk for at least two hours on the phone , and just mentioned the outcome yesterday . I pushed him to give me details , but all he said was the cost was a major factor and that Wendy had time off . I think he was bullshiting and that he never really asked them ( I'm such a skeptic) . Anyway , fuck'm . Any ideas ? Mat
Sorry , I'm busy...work .
Brad , What's up cuz ? Are the lights on in San Francisco ? I think it's only a matter of time before the national guard comes in to prevent rioting in the streets ! Anyway , I was just wondering what plans you have in the next month or so because I want to go someplace and do something , but I'm just not sure what yet . I have a bunch of vacation I need to take and I'd rather not sit around here and twidle my thumbs . Let me know if you have any suggestions . Mat
Yo , sorry I haven't gotten back to you right away . I am still trying to figure when and where I'm taking vacation . Puerto Rico is right up there , buddy , so what's the latest on the whole contract extension ? I checked some airfares a couple of weeks ago and , WOW , it was a bit high , which is why I didn't jump right on this . I'll do some checking tonight , and I'll let you know what I come up with . Ideally , mid to end of February is best , but of course , that all depends on if you're still going to be there . Anyway , I just wanted to let you know , I'm still considering . Mat
We need to work out a system here Kristen . Why is it you are so freakin hard to get in touch with ? I asked you how often you check email , but you've never told me , once a day , week , what ? And this cell phone thing...Do you have it with you all the time...is it on...if not , how often do you check voicemail...how long after I leave a message should I expect to here from you ? I'm generally impatient , which is why it kills me to wait to hear from you , especially when I have not idea of what time frame to expect . Anyway , I really need to make plans , otherwise I'm going to go to Utah with Dave , or San Fran , or Puerto Rico . Mat
Hey , I don't know if you've been reading any of those emails today , but please tell me we ( as in me and you ) can do something other than hand out with those fucking losers . You know Mark's all over this fucking thing !
Trading was boring today , well , boring because I'm not participating yet . Soon though . The superbowl isn't until 6 pm I think , so yes , I say we go someplace or your place . I'll just tell everyone I have to work , which I do anyway . It'll be my second to last weekend stint . I'm jealous about you being in NY . Have a drinky for me . I'm going to look for some pussy on saturday...big "frat" style party at some chics place . Too bad you're away...I'm sure we could do well . Anyway , have fun in NY . Mateo
Sara , Yo , what's up ? How are things across the street ? Let me guess , you got all rested up saturday and sunday , then when out three nights already this week , and now are ready to go home , do laundry and sleep . Unfortunately , I've been extremely lame , mostly because you got me sick...well maybe not . Anyway , I haven't been feeling so hot , yet I did oversleep by two hours this morning which really helped . Poor Ted had to pick the slack . So , any big plans for the weekend besides laundry ? Superbowl ? Happy hour ? Toilet flushing into the phone ? Stupid drunk ? Mat
Andrea , I'm rotating as part of the trading track sometime before March 1st to the Gas Fundamentals Group . I'll get you the required information next week . Thanks . Mat
Hmmm , I don't if I could pass up an opportunity to dive the Caymen islands . Timing wise the end of February still works best , but if you're still working then it wouldn't be nearly as cool as if it were March and you weren't working , so I'm willing to hold out until you know your fate . Definitely keep me informed , though . I'll just plan a ski trip in the mean time to hold me over . Say hi to the crew for me...and of course , Jewels . Mat
Try to call me at work today and I'll give you the latest fare availability . Talk to you later . Mateo
As a matter of fact , mark your damn calender......March 8-11....I'm in town and will hopefully be attending the Big Championship game Sat. . night , otherwise just partying . Again , you name the time and place , and whoever else might be interested in "getting it done" . How's the residency going ? Enron kicks ass , but I feel like it's going to take me forever to get where I need to be , and you won't believe where that is , but more on that later . Go Syracuse .
Tom , I believe that your right up correctly interprets the current model , but as we discussed , I think the more correct methodology is to use the next day's cash price since the Gas Daily print is for gas traded the previous day and delivered the same day as the print . If I'm trading day gas on April 7th , the prices I'm basing my decisions on are those represented in the Gas Daily print for April 8th . If we do not change the model , I think we need another sentence to clarify that the cash prices a day behind . Of course , eventually we need to fix the model . Mat
I'm going to be working late , and I have some errands I need to run , so I don't really have plans , except that dinner will probably be around 8 pm or so . Mat
I have consulted my partner , and it would be great if we could be added to the reservation list . Please pass this on to whoever .
Based on my review conducted the morning of February 6th , here is a list of items that need to be addressed in the next version of the West Desk's Flow Summary sheet: PGT - These numbers appear to be one day off . The numbers in the Test Sheet for February 6th are identical to those used by the West Desk yesterday for February 5th . I verified that they are the Cycle 2 numbers posted on PGT's website for the 5th . Generally , we use the Cycle 2 numbers , however , sometimes only Cycle one is available for our morning meeting . Northwest - None of these numbers match our flow sheet . It appears the Test Sheet pulls Cycle 3 nominations , whereas we use Cycle 6 . However , the website we use to pull the flows is generally not available to use until as late as 7 am ( we are not sure why) . I understand you may pull the numbers from a different place , so we should find out whether you can get the numbers earlier . TW - TW numbers appear to be correct , except for the IB Link number . We pull the IB link number from the El Paso Blanco I/C point reported by TW . It looks like your sheet pulls the number from the El Paso INWPLBLA point . They differ by about 5,000 , but I don't know if one is more correct than the other . To be consistent , though , we should probably change the Test Sheet . PGE - The numbers also appear to be one day off . The numbers for February 6th are identical to our Feb . 5th numbers . Is this a reporting or a scrubbing problem ? It is possible you are pulling the data from the website before they update it with the next day's data . We manually type these numbers in . If you pull from our spreadsheet , then the latest numbers would not be in when this report is run . El Paso - Most of the numbers appear to be correct , except for the plant receipts . The numbers are close , but we should compare our formulas because I don't think this is a cycle problem . General - The "Difference" column of the Test Sheet compares the latest cycle for the current with the final cycle of the previous day . This can cause intraday fluxuations in scheduled quantities to appear as day to day fluxuations . Any "Difference" column should compare identical cycles . I suggest that we add additional cycles to the Test Sheet for the current day and the previous day . This way we can compare identical cycles as well as pick up any intraday fluxuations . As we discussed , you'll let me know when you're ready to revise this report . These notes should give us a great place to start . I look forward to getting this report ready to use . Mat
What's up ? Any news on Pirnie/AFI contract negotiations ?
No skiing yet . Unfortunately , my trips are in limbo . I'm pretty sure I'm going to South Padre island in two weeks , but the skiing might wait until March , except that I'm going to NY for the Big East Championship Game and my brother's coming down here for a week to hang out . Oh well , I need the vacations.. .
Sorry , Jeff and I went to happy hour .
What is the deal with this glitter thing ?
Hey honey , how was the Men's Club ?
I look forward to the details.... .
I told you I'd help . Just be patient .
Ina , I was not out today . Yesterday and today I was taking a class . I'm sorry I didn't tell anyone , it was a last minute decision . Mat
Alexis , I think I'm going to the cookoff , so I'm will have to decline . Sorry . Mat
I'll have to think about it . Thanks .
Hey Jennifer , I actually have a couple friends in town this weekend as well , and we'll definitely be looking for some of Houston's finest entertainment ( and although the strip clubs are rated highly here , that's not what I'm referring to) . I'd definitely be interested going out Sat. , but I don't have any suggestions as of yet . I'll see what I can come up with . Mat
Indian chick is a party girl .
Duncan and Kristen are coming Saturday . I don't know about the Rodeo . Over .
Fuck , I'm writing this while I'm chewing on lunch .
Hey , I haven't heard from you . Have you bought your Padre tickets ? Mat
I'll call you tonight .
Steve , Yo , what's up ? I'm just sitting at work getting the weather updates from the meteorologists.................. . Anyway , I was just wondering what the latest is on the the Pirnie/AFI saga . Are you out of a job yet ? I'm feeling the need to get the hell out of here and take a vacation . Still thinking of your neck of the woods . Got to run . Mat
you can send him email on it . I want to know what its about . Mat
you didn't answer my question .
Jennifer , As it stands right now , don't count me in for dinner . I may call you tonight or tomorrow if it works out that I can come . I think my friends would like it , but they're here seeing someone else as well . If I don't make it to dinner , we'll definitely meet you guys out afterwards . Mat
word .
I should be good for a place to say , but I certainly appreciate the offer . I'm definitely still coming , though . Soooooooooooooooooooooooooooo , tell me when you're free , and we'll hang out . You and Jess up for dinner ? Right now , saturday night is the only night I have plans ( basketball game) . I'll be going out afterwards , though . Just let me know . Later .
Hey Anna , Sorry , I took awhile getting back to you....I took the week off.. . Ya , we tried meeting up , but I guess you guys must have left before we got there . Our dinner at Sambuca's took quite awhile , I think we made it to Deans around 12:30 or so . We checked there and the Hub , but no luck . Hope you guys had a good time , and I'm always up for another night out . Mat
Hey buddy , what's happening ? Not much up here these days . I took last week off and Phillip is out this week , so I don't have much to do . I'm pretty much done scheduling and I start next week in Gaskill's group . Anyway , you were going to send me the names of those guys in London we talked to about the synthetic storage , and if you did , I lost them . Regardless , any chance of digging them up for me ? I may want to talk to them about their bid process . I think Phillip is ok with going ahead with the idea , but I think I need to keep the ball rolling here with or without him . Mat
Oh , I had fun as well . I'm glad you guys came . Unfortunately the rest of the week was not great , but Jeffrey and I met some ladies friday night and at about 2 am we all decided to head to Louisiana to gamble ! It's a great story ! I went flying on Sunday too which was nice . Give me a call if you want to chat sometime . Mat
Tom , I took a few days off and just got back... . Anyway , I haven't tried it without the key , but if you say it works , then I'm sure it does . One thing I'm realizing , though , is that it's taking me way too much time to babysit this thing through multiple runs of the model even when it does work . In order to get the full benefit of your model I want to run it a zillion times for many different combinations of parameters . So , if you haven't guessed already , I'm wondering how hard it would be to get this thing to zip through some preset combinations of parameters and save the results without me tending to it . I envision a spreadsheet where I list out all of the parameter values for each run , and the model picks out the parameters , runs through a year's worth of data , and saves the summary sheet , then steps to the next set of variables . In this way I could set it to run a bunch of times over night or something so it wouldn't tie up the work day . Would this be just a separate macro ? What do you think ? Mat
Tom , Sounds fine anytime is good . Basically the parameters that need changing are those on the Optimizer sheet: Start/End Date Spreads Max Inj/With rates Max Storage volume Selected Curve Storage Facility I'm free all week , so let me know when and where if you want to get together . Mat
Sounds good .
Matt , Hey , thanks for returning my call . As you're probably out from work , I'll try you again when I get in tomorrow ( thursday) . I basically just wanted to touch base again since Ken has now moved on and left me with our synthetic storage project . I'm also looking for a legal and EOL contact to help us develop a contract and run the bid process through EOL . You may have provided these to Ken , but I can't get in touch with him . Thanks again . Mat
Of course I knew that . The question is , why were you calling him ? ms
He's working for realastate management company . very small , but of course , paying better than pirnie . ms
I will look at it later today .
Well March probably isn't great for me anyway...going to NYC 8-11 , and my brother's coming for a week . So , I guess just keep me posted . I took a week off and went to South Padre island so it took the edge off my need to get away , but certainly did not completely satsify . Still looking for more . Talk to you later . Mat
So where the hell was it ?
both .
testing you bitch . mat
Hey fucko , give me a call . You should come to NYC this weekend and party with your friends .
yo , i'm still coming . saturday would be great . I'm in the city all day and night , and the only plans i have are to go to the game sat . I'll call you when i get a chance . My cell phone is 832-444-7702 . Looking forward to seeing you . mat
Just one thing , my first name only has one "t" in it . Thanks . Mat Enron North America Corp .
Once again , I was out when you sent me mail . I went to NYC for a long weekend . Had a great time , but I'm still exhausted . Hope you're having a great time in Utah . If you get back before the weekend , drop me an email . Mat
Chris , I met with Phillip yesterday , and he had a few more items to add to his list of objectives for me . For your information , the attached table provides the additional items . Please let me know if you have any questions/comments . Also , the following e-mail from Mike Grigsby relates to the Socal sendout model objective . Also for your information , I will be running Randy Gay's EOL product ( Keystone Cash ) next week and will be covering for Tori K during her maternity leave . I don't expect these activities to interfere with my fundy responsibilities . Mat
i would love to , except for the fact that I have a 4:30 meeting , because of which I had to cancel my flying time ! Call me later . and by the way , i don't check my email that often , so you might want to try my phone or pager 8774892073@pagenetmessage.net in the future . Mat
test
thanks .
Chris , This spread sheet contains the new WIC meters , as discussed . I also discovered that there are about 200 meters we current get manually for CIG that also need to be added to the database . They are included in the attached file on separate sheets . Meters already existing in the database are not included for either pipe . Can you please dump these into the database and set up additional sheets in the Socal manual entry spreadsheet for these meters . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks . Mat
Amanda , Can you please add this link to the fundy website under the Power tab . It should be called "Proposed Gas Generation Plants" . Thanks . Mat
Chris , Use this file instead . Thanks . Mat
Dad told about you changing the ticket , but thanks . Um , i look forward to hearing about this little accident ( at least i hope it was little) .
waking up with a toilet by my head was a wonderful feeling ! and , boy did i feel great the next day . Get this....I get on my little rinky dink plane to Philadelphia , and as i walk passed the flight attendant , i hear this voice................."mat?" . I turn and the flight attendant is none other than.........Heather Chapin ! Although she offered me all the booz i could drink , i could drink none . i would have eaten some food if offered , but judging by the double-chin she has developed , i'm guessing she ate it all . Anyway , from what i remember , i had a great time , although a little dissappointed at the Syracuse'esk finish of the rest of the Brother Jimmy's team . I'll be thinking about you guys this weekend when i'm outside drinking my green beer . About the trips...i don't know anything yet , except that Jazzfest is looking bad since no one can seem to find a hotel with availability . Later , Mateo
Ok Chris . this is it . Three tabs each with NEW meters to add to the database with unique identifiers . The third tab has four points that need IHS numbers assigned . These four should be assigned to the Questar pipeline . Thanks . Mat
Amanda , Can you put this file in the appropriate directory , and create the necessary link under the "Testing" tab of the fundamentals website . It should be called Kern Expansion Economics" . I don't have a description yet ( and I'm still working on the other one I owe you) . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks . Mat
Orangemen suck . I hate Syracuse . I'm no longer a fan .
Amanda , Please move the file i sent you from the Testing tab to the West directory under the Pipeline tab . I have updated it in the Testing tab so discard the version i emailed . Thanks . Mat
Orangemen suck . I hate Syracuse . I'm no longer a fan .
Yup , my little bro is coming to visit . We'll definitely be hitting the town . Are you around ? I may organize something , so I'll let you know . Mat
As you requested , here are the West Desk's forecasts for California Reciepts minus instate production by month . They are broken down into delivery points onto Socal and PGE's system . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks . Mat
Amanda , Please add add a link called "Plant Outages ( portland)" , to the Gas Fundamentals website under the Power tab . The description is as follows: "Query of Portland's database of plant outages for yesterday and today." Thanks . Mat
i haven't created it yet . I was hoping to have the link there , so that I can put the file in the directory tomorrow morning ( before you get in) . It will be called "curtailments.xls" . Mat Enron North America Corp .
thanks . Enron North America Corp .
Amanda , Yes , it appears that the link you set up works properly , however , I have a slight change . Please modify the title to read "WSCC Plant Outages ( portlant)" . Also add the WSCC to the description . In addition , please add an additional link under the Power tab called , "Cal Plant Outages ( Cal ISO)" , with a description of "Daily plant outages posted on the web by the California ISO." The file will be called "ISO curtailments.xls" . Thanks . Mat
Mat
Ya , it was finalized last thursday night . this should already be in our forecasts . Mat
Team , The attached spreadsheet identifies the manual entry points for each pipeline . Please send me additional points for your respective pipelines and highlight in green . Make particular note of any information that will be tracked on a schedule other than the standard cycle schedule of the relative pipeline . The blue highlighted meters already exist in the database . Where appropriate add the IHS DRN . If it does not exist , leave blank and the IT group will create an ID using the description provided . Please let me know if you cannot get this done by the end of the day , since I'd like Hyde to incorporate these first thing tomorrow . Call me if you have any questions . Mat
that's fine . thanks . Mat
Chris , Here are the additional manual entry meters . Those highlighted in blue should already be in the database , while green highlighting designates new records . Those without web DRN numbers need Enron designations which I will leave up to you . Let me know if you have any questions . Mat
Just wanted to let you know I split the West_2 report into two reports as we discussed . The other report is called West_3 . Also , the CIG/WIC report should be added to your webpage , but it's not ready yet . Thanks . Mat
why can't you go , or do you just not want to ?
and you think i'd want to go with them ? actually , i thought that they had a ticket for me too .
David , Here's the information for the Portland database: Machine name: napdx-sql1 password: fundamentals The Access database I created is located at: O:\\fundy_ops\west The qry_curtailments is the query i'm currently using ( although it only has fields for today and yesterday , and i think i need more) . The tables for the query are dbo_LkpOUT_PlantCharacteristics and dbo_LkpOUT_PlantOutage . In general , I think I need two tables . One needs to show each plant and the other needs to summarize the outages by region and fuel type ( both in the Plant table) . I don't really have a query that prepares the data for the summary table . the other two queries in the Access database are a start . The attached Excel file has two sheets with what I would ideally like the report to look like . It might be good to group the first table by region and then fuel type as well . When you have a chance to look this stuff over , I'd be happy to discuss it further . Thanks . Mat
that bitch . j/k . thanks .
Philip , I'm sorry this took so long , I thought I sent it ealier , but apparently not . Let me know if you need anything else . Mat
For later . Mat
Angela , This file contains the historicals for Socal in the specified format . Can you please dump them into the database . Thanks . Mat
Angela , Here are some more historicals for socal ( I didn't realize we had these additional years) . They are in ADDITION to those already loaded . Thanks . Mat
Please make the PGE daily report ( #26 ) available on your website . Thanks . Mat
Angela , As discussed , the following file contains hisoricals for PGE . Chris should have deleted data in the database from the middle of March back so you can import anytime . This data goes up to 2/6/01 and Chris will reload from 2/7/01 to present . Thanks . Mat
Use this file , NOT the previous one sent . Thanks . Mat
Angela , Here's the NWPL historicals . Thanks . Mat
Here are the ones I did for you to check against your values . Thanks . Mat
new file: Thanks , Mat
David , This one is very similar to the one you just did . In fact , the data is almost identical . We download power plant outage data from the California ISO website ( manual until you guys get some free time to set up an automated scrape) . Anyway , the data gets into an Access database of mine in a table with key fields: Date and Res Name . The other fields include Type ( planned or unplanned) , Owner , Location , plant capacity , and of course , the quantity of the outage . So , we need basically the large table as the one you did which lists each plant and the outage for "today" and let's say 1 week in the past . We cannot go in the future because the data gets posted daily for that day only . Then the other table will just summarize the total "Planned" and "Unplanned" by region . A copy of the database is attached . Let me know when you have a chance to start working on it . Thanks . Mat
Hey , I'm going to give your resume to this girl , and I'll let you know when to follow up . Mat
Jeanie , I have a friend who is interested in an HR position with Enron . She spoke of a rotational program for HR that I am not familiar with . Do you know anything about the program , or who I might forward her resume to for an HR related position in general . She has a few years of experience with a smaller firm , and I think she's looking for a company with a more established HR department like Enron . Also , do you have knowledge of specific positions we are trying to fill in ENA ? Any info would be helpful . Thanks . Mat
Thanks . I'll get her resume to you tomorrow . She doesn't have a graduate degree , yet she probably has more experience than a typical analyst . Mat
try this . thanks . Mat
Angela , Try this one . Thanks . Mat
Mog , Here's the Socal file as requested . As I indicated , this information is a competitive advantage of ours , so it should stay in the company . Thanks . Mat
Mog , As requested , here is the Socal file . Please keep this within the company , as it represents a competitive advantage to Enron . Thanks . Mat
Phillip , Here's a copy of the spreadsheet we gave to Bill Bradford . Our exposure on the financial deals increased relative to the february spreadsheet from $45 mil to $71 . Also , we have one physical deal ( next winter) , which is not physical storage , that is marked at $12 mil . The spreadsheet shows five synthetic storage deals with PGE Energy Trading that may have the wrong counterparty in our system . I'm at the office and will be here through the meeting . My cell number is 832-444-7702 if you have any questions . Mat
I am no longer looking for assitance in finding an apartment , but thank you for your attempts at contacting me . Mat
The merged reports look great . I believe the only orientation changes are to "unmerge" the following six reports: 31 Keystone Receipts 15 Questar Pipeline 40 Rockies Production The orientation of the individual reports should be correct . Thanks . Mat PS . Just a reminder to add the "*" by the title of calculated points .
Patti , Chris said you had problems gettting to the manual entry website . The link is Socal Manual Entry is the correct pipeline to choose ( a slight change from Socal) . Also , we need to start entering the Clay basin numbers under the Questar Manual Entry pipeline , however , Chris Hyde is working to set up the page so that a delivery and a receipt value can be entered . Mat
Mike , Sorry I missed you guys Friday night . I made back from a golf outing around 9 pm , but you guys must have already left the Front Porch . Anyway , I was out the other night and met some Dynegy talent that were interested in an Enron Analyst/Associate and Dynegy Pace Program happy hour . What do you think about the prospectsof a combined happy hour . They have a group that goes out on the third Thursday of every month , which would be this Thursday . Mat
Chris , The IHS DRN's are identified in red below . Please make one up for the 608 Novelty Hill M/S point . Thanks . Mat PS . This just reminded me that we need to start scraping that additional PG&E point that we discussed last week .
Angela , It's me , your favorite coworker ! Attached is , yet again , an Access file with a table of historicals for clay basin ( Questar pipeline) . Before they can be loaded , however , a new location needs to be added with DRN: EBBCLAYHIST Please make up an IHS id and the title should read , "Clay Basin Inj and W/D Historicals Only" Thanks . Mat
new file . try this . Mat
Hey , I got an error back because the files were too big . I'll stick them in the dropbox in a folder called scheadul . Mat
Anytime you get a chance is fine . Just let me know , but I'll tentatively plan on 3 pm . Mat
Angela , CIG ( #42 ) is almost complete , but we have a few data changes to make: First , for DRN 24906 Big Blue Meter Station , please replace the utilized capacity values of the records with effective date 4/2/01 to 4/8/01 with values below listed from 4/2/01 to 4/8/01 and delete records with effective date 4/21/01 . Also , please change all historicals from receipts to deliveries . Second , for DRN 16688 Keyes , Town of , please delete both the receipt and delivery records for effective data 4/21/01 and the receipt record for effective date 4/8/01 . Thanks . Mat
Chris , Please add the following locations for pipeline #42 and populate with indicated flow type......... . 109489 Bullfrog Meter Station ( BUL ) R 4065 Desert Springs Meter Station ( DES ) R,D 41449 Pueblo North Meter Station ( PUE ) D 2546 Western Sugar Meter Station ( WES ) D Thanks . Mat PS . We'll probably have a few more for WIC in the next day or so , but let's get these in to finish out CIG .
Chris , I assumed we were scaping the "Inventory Chagne" point for PGE , but it doesn't look like any data is in the database . Can you check on this . It's the last row of the larger tables on the webpage . The location name I believe is Inventory Chang . If it's not being scaped , let's get it started . Mat
Good point . Let's assign a D to it . Mat
thanks .
Jody , I have not confirmed that these are the correct values , but this should get you started . These are based on Socal's published long-term storage tariff . I cannot confirm whether Socal has capacity at these rates available to sell . Keep in mind I don't think the LNG project would incur the entire cost of the storage , as ENA could extract additional value from optimizing its operation . It appears the cost is quite sensitive to the winter withdrawal rights , which I do not see any way around unless we can unload more of the cargo directly into the system and bypass the storage facility during the winter . Please do not hesitate to call with any questions . Mat
As discussed , it is acceptable to rerun the cube at 6:30 am . After the the refresh , the following West reports should be generated: #25 CIG_WIC ( daily) , #40 Rockies Production ( daily) , and #9 Socal ( daily , historical , merge) . Also , please generate the west flow summary report at 6:15 am . In addition , #22 West_2 ( daily and historical ) and #38 West_3 ( daily and historical ) which run before the 2nd cube refresh should be among the first report run after the 1st cube run because they will be the first reports accessed in the morning by Patti ( roughly 5:30am) . Let me know if you have any questions . Mat
Chris , I stumbled across a few problems with CIG/WIC . First , location 2776 for pipeline has historicals loaded with flow type "D" yet new data is scraped with flow type "T" . Let's change all D's to T's . Where dates overlap ( key violations) , just leave the existing Ts and scrap the Ds . Second , please move the usage data for 279577 with pipeline number 6 to the same DRN with pipeline number 43 and delete the location under pipeline 6 , as this is a manually entered point . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks . Mat
Chris , I think we need a new pipeline for El Paso Manual Entry . We need to enter linepack once a day . Let's call the DRN LinePack and populate with flow type S . Thanks . Mat
Chris , More changes........... . For DRN 34585 , please change the utilization value in the usage table for 4/23/01 to zero . Then change the DRN on all of the usage data for 34585 to 34584 and delete location 34585 . In addition , please make the following utilization value changes to the usage data for DRN 34584: Thanks again . Mat
Chris , Remember way back when......we threw out a bunch of PGE ( #17 ) data that we were going to reload from the saved html files ? Anyway , it looks like we're missing data from 2/7/01 through 3/12/01 . As we discussed , we should have the html files so can we run those through the transform and get them into the database ? Let me know if there are any issues . Mat
The value should be 0 for R ( the value moved from DRN 30685 which should have been changed to zero ) and 30685 for D . All the values were D's consistent with the existing data for DRN 30684 for those days prior to moving the R values over ( which should be zeros for those days) . Mat
I'm sorry I do not know what this is in regard to . Could you have meant to send it to another Mat Smith ?
Colin , Great . As we discussed , we'll need the final query to list all counterparties for each product with net quantities stated for each day ( dates listed as column headings ) of the current month . Ideally , the query will be executed daily and posted in html or xls on the Gas Fundy website . I understand that we do not yet have permission from EOL to hit their database regularly and that you will have someone else from your team finish out this task . I'm available today to help any way I can . Thanks . Mat
Keith , Take a look at this . Mat
Thank you .
Dave , As discussed , I need to have daily power outages summarized by Natural Gas ( NG ) type plants and everything but NG for each WSCC region for the previous year and one year into the future . The historical part of this task should be considered a higher priority . Initially , I only need the results in Excel format so the West desk can work it into their forcasts . We do not need any web interface at this time ( maybe in the future) . Please let me know how long you think this would take and your availability as soon as possible . If we can't get it done relatively quickly ( say by wednesday) , we might have to try a different route . Thanks . Mat
Tim , Colin and I spent a few minutes on the phone with Bob regarding the outage information we were trying to get . With Bob's help and with the use of your stored procedure we saved a bunch of time . Thanks for your help . Mat
Colin , Per our conversation , I have outlined Keith's task for the team... . Background: Portland maintains in their database a table called "PlantOutage" . Records in that table each contain an outage "BeginOutageDate" , "EndOutageDate" , "CapacityOut" and "OutageReason" . Records also include a PlantID ( key field for PlantCharacteristics table ) and a PlantUnitID ( key field for Unitcharacteristics table) . The PlantCharacteristics table contains a "WSCCRegion" field and the Unitcharacteristics table contains a "Fuel_Designation" field . Portland has a stored procedure that for a specified date range can calculate for each date the sum of "CapacityOut" for all outage records where the date falls between the "BeginOutageDate" and the "EndOutageDate" . I have inlcuded the results of this storaged procedure in the attached file . Our task is similar but requires more detailed subgrouping of the data . Objective: The objective is to return the Sum of "CapacityOut" by each possible subgrouping for each day in a range ( say 1/1/2000 to 1/1/2001) . There are roughly five possible parameters for "Fuel_Designation" , seven for "WSCCRegion" , and two for "OutageReason" . The resulting query would return approximately 70 values for each day within the specified range . Format: Ultimately we will have the date in one excel sheet with dates down the left and each of the 70 sub groupings across the top . It would be most convenient if the results of the query were formatted in this way . Alternatively , we can use a pivot table if the results of a list query are provided . If the second option is used , we will need to get the data in two separate lists since excel can only hand 65,000+ rows . In this case , we would use the "OutageReason" grouping ( which only has two parameters ) to split out the two lists . Thanks for your help . Mat
Amanda , Can you please add a link to Gas Fundy under the Testing tab called "West Cash Trades" . The file is called WestCashTrades.htm . The description is , "Daily cash trade volumes by counterparty for West region locations." Thanks . Mat
thanks .
The balance of month Gas Daily product is called Kern Opal , but all basis and indexes are settled on the NWPL Rocky Mountains product . These should be used for the plasma screen accordingly . Mat
David , You may have fixed this already , but please make sure that we filter for the "Y" for "Approved" in our current query that posts to the the GasFundy Site . Thanks . Mat
Keith , As requested................. . Mat
David , I spot checked about 15-20 points and the data looks good . As I indicated before , can we run the query for 2001 as well...preferably using the quick method . Thanks . Mat
Amanda , Under the Power table in the Plant Outages folder on the fundy website , we have a link for California ISO outages . Please change the link to point to the file called "pge_ISO_Outages.htm" in the testing folder instead of the existing file . Thanks . Mat
Keith , This file contains data for Jan-1-2000 through Dec-31-2001 . Mat
Chris , Per our conversation , the following table shows four storage inventories that we need to track/compute/report , etc . Background The west desk currently displays storage balances on several of the morning reports . These balances are not reported by the respective pipelines , however , each day the injections and withdrawals are available . In the past , our excel spreadsheets have tracked the running balances by simply adding the current daily activity to the prior day's balance . As we get validation of the balances through phone calls , and/or postings , we tweak the balances to maintain an accurate representation . Currently , our reporting/storage system does not allow us to make these balances available on our reports . Task Synthesize the currently used method of displaying storage balances for the storage facilities shown on the following table . It is our intent to have a DRN established ( and some already have been created ) that would hold the storage balance each day . However , this requires that a calculation be executed to determine the value to be placed in the database . One possibility is to have the scraping script make the necessary calculation and store the new storage balance each time the pipeline is scraped . Another possibility is to incorporate the ability to do these calculations in the report , while a third option is too keep a spreadsheet with storage balances that queries the database for the daily activity . Lastly , these storage balances could be manual entry points , but would require manual calculation each day ( representing a lower level of performance than the existing system for this feature) . Timeline This is a necessary feature before transitioning from the current spreadsheets . At a minimum , we need to have temporary system in place before the end of the week . Although , we do not have a final date for transitioning , we see this as one of a few critical tasks . Mat
Amanda , Please add a new link under the the Power tab in the Plant Outages folder called WSCC Interactive ( Portland) . The file is in the California directory within the Power directory . It is called pge_Portland_data.htm . Thanks . Mat
Chris , For the following dates , we do not have Cycle 7 data in the database for PG&E ( Pipeline #17) . These should have been reloaded from the saved html files . Do we have these files , and if so , can you load the appropriate dates , in order the get the Cycle 7 data in for these points . For the following dates , the data we have for Cycle 7 in the database does not match that in the spreadsheet that the west desk maintains . We need to verify from the saved webpages whether our data is correct , and if it isn't , get it corrected . I could check them , if you could print out the saved pages for me . For both of these , the actual date of capture will be several days later than the effective date for cycle 7 . Mat
As I was discussing with Duncan , I'm coming home Wednesday night and coming back to Houston on Monday late afternoon . During some portion of the holiday , I'll be up at the islands , but i'm free to hang out for a day or so . Are you around Thursday ? Where would you go rafting anyway ? I'm definitely looking forward to the holiday , though . A little barbaque , a little beer , a little boating , a little fishing , a little beer , a little golfing...I guess I should have taken the whole week off . Anyway , give me a call sometime , and I'll try you when I get chance . Talk to you soon . Mateo
Jerry , I requested some questar flow historicals from you per the following email . I am still in need of the referenced data , and would appreciate an indication of when it will be provided . If you have any questions , feel free to contact me at the number below . Thank you . Mathew Smith
The following are action items for the historical sheets I checked , including those assigned to Catalina: Socal - Replace data for April 26th , insert data for Dec 16th , 17th 1998 . PGE - Load line pack ( if available ) historicals , complete changes identified in email to Chris H. , add/load storage balances . Questar - Replace historicals from 12-9-00 to 2-6-01 . El Paso - Reload.. . KN - No action items . San Juan Plants - No action items . Fix calculation of null values . Mat
Tara , It looks to me like the following dates are missing for CIG/WIC Date ranges are inclusive . Mat
Just wanted to let you know that i'm having some flowers delivered to the house tomorrow ( Sat ) for Mother's day . They couldn't give me a time , though . I told them to leave them on the porch if noone is home . Also , I just got invited to play golf at TPC , which if you don't know , is the venue for the Houston Shell Open . A round costs at least $100 , but free for me . I better get to the range tomorrow . Unfortunately every muscle in my body aches from working out and today we did arms , so i'm really in trouble . Oh well.... . Talk to you soon . Mat
Charles , The attached table contains monthly flows to the referenced Southwest Gas meter points off of El Paso , Kern and PG&E . As I indicated earlier , SWG may have deliveries off of Socal which we would not be able to see . Also , there may be unidentified SWG meter points not included in the attached file , and we are missing some days of data so the actual numbers may be a little higher . Finally , if this data is used for pricing/hedging analysis , one should be careful which prices they use for comparison . SWG territory in California would be subject to California pricing , while that closer to the producing basins would be priced differently . In addition , Southwest Gas owns transport capacity on El Paso , such that they were really only vulnerable to San Juan or Keystone price fluxuations , and not Socal . You could only make a hedging estimate if you knew their transport capacity , which I do not ( it is available on El Paso's website) . Anyway , that's all I have . Mat
One more thing , we have no way of knowing what gas was bought at index vs . daily .
sick of emails yet.............the last line in the table is not SWG , please ignore .
Tara , It appears that from December 1999 back ( although I haven't checked everything) , Kern historicals were loaded improperly ( wrong column from the website) . So , another major action item will be to reload those actuals . Mat
hey , haven't read this yet , will try today .
Juan Carlos , The line you deleted simply saves the current record . Deleting it will not cause any problems in a read-only database . In the regular working version , deleting may result in edits to a record not being saved . Mat PS . I hope things are well on the island . Please pass along my regards to everyone .
Chris , I recently found out that Questar posts a Clay Basin storage inventory in html on their website . The link is We will need to start scraping this balance , specifically the "Total Clay Basin Annual Working Gas" and "Total clay Basin Reservoir Inventory" . This does not impact the storage Inventory issue that we've previously discussed , since this balance is currently a manual entry point , and will continue to be even after we start scraping these points . Please give me a realistic estimate of when we can begin scraping this data . We will need to create DRN's for both of these points . Clearly , in terms of priorities , working out the bigger storage inventory balance issue is much higher priority . Please let me know if you have any questions . Mat
When: Tuesday , May 15 , 2001 11:00 AM-11:30 AM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) . Where: IT/STP area
I do not know what this is in reqard to . Could you have meant to send it to another Mat Smith ?
Lori , Can you please give me an estimate of when you can provide the requested historical flows we discussed yesterday . I'm trying to manage a number of tasks that depend on this data, . and it would be helpful to know when it might be available . Thank you . Mathew Smith Enron
No thanks .
This one is fixed .
I'll be home Wednesday night and I fly out Monday afternoon , but I don't really know which days I'll be up at the 1000 islands . Depending on when I go up to the 1000 islands , I'll probably come back from the 1000 islands on Sunday in time for a little boating and binge drinking . Would it be a good idea to plan a barbaque or something for Sunday ? Monday doesn't work for me because I'm flying back . Jeff will be around in case you didn't know . Anyway , I'll be in touch . Mateo
Hey , by the way , do use Instant messenger ? I think you should . It would be a great , since I would know when you're on the computer . My ID is MathewSmith18 .
Chris , I'm not familiar with the details of the reporting requirements for pipelines under the current regs . Can I get an interpretation of Questar's reponse to my request for historicals ? Thanks . Mat
Per our conversation yesterday , I'd like to test the send key process for obtaining the Socal hourly storage postings . Once I get the scheduling system opened and set , the following is the keystrokes required: Enter Enter Enter Of course , a slight pause between the keystokes might be needed . And if we need to maintain activity to keep the system from kicking us out , we can simply use two Enter keystrokes . Please let me know when you'll be able to give this a shot . Thanks . Mat
um , I don't really know . I did a search for "VB6" and did find one file . When you get a chance , can you make the long journey across the isle to take a look . Thanks . Mat
Thanks Chris . According to Patti , Williams was doing maintenance to its site and did not come back up . When , the site becomes available lets plan on rerunning the capture to get the last cycles for the missed days . Mat
Amanda , Please move the link for the West Ops reports from Testing to Pipeline\West and also add an additional link under Desk\West . The location of the actual files should remain unchanged . Thanks . Mat
Steve , Exchange wouldn't send the email because the file was too big . I put it in the Dropbox , though . The file is called West Region map.ppt . Please let me know if you need anything else . Mat
Karen , My current rotation information is as follows: Current Rotation: Gas Fundamentals Supervisor Name: Chris Gaskill Thanks . Mat .
Chris , The attached file contains Kern data for 4th cycle 19th through the 21st and cycle 2 for the 21st . Thanks . Mat
try this .
Becky , I was just wondering whether Questar ever got back to you regarding the historicals we requested from them . As I understand , Lori Creer was going to check with her supervisors/management and get back with you . I'll be out of the office Thursday and Friday . In my absence , Tara Piazze Mat
Exactly . Her extension is 3-5276 . Thanks . Mat
Karen , I was out last week . Do you still need any help ? Mat
Sure thing .
Angela , Please delete all data for PGT ( pipeline 15 ) with effective date less than 12/1/00 , and then load the attached file with historicals with effective dates from 1996 through November 30 , 2000 . Please let me know if you have any problems . Thanks . Mat
I need to have an Outlook public calendar folder created to track maintenance shedules on West Region pipelines for the West Gas Trading Desk . Patti Sullivan ( psulliv ) and I ( msmith18 ) would need administrative rights . Can you please direct me to the appropriate people to have this set up . I can be reached at 3-0472 . Thanks . Matt Smith
Angela , Here's another file I need loaded ASAP . Please let me know if there are any problems . Thanks . Mat
Becky , Have you heard anything yet from Questar ? Now we also need data for May 24 through June 1st because their site did not report all week . Should I give Lori a call again ? Mat
Thanks .
Phil , How's this for starters.. . The San Juan plant receipts and Rockies production information should be accurate . The third tab , Keystone Receipts , is definitely not comprehensive . That information is for El Paso Natural Gas only , and only the first section of the table has the receipt points values . Unfortunately , a lot of production in Keystone moves onto intrastate pipelines that we do not have data for . I'll see if I can get together at least some TW and Northern numbers for the Perm and that might be as good as we can get . Mat
Eddie , We'll need a new pipeline for Northwest manual entry . The point should have DRN JPINV , but no corresponding IHS DRN . Please populate the database with a value of 16,460,301 with flow type S for 6/2/2001 . We will manually enter this point until we can automate it . Mat
Karen , Here you go.... . 1 . Scheduling - West Gas 4 . Phillip Allen , Managing Director Mat
Chris , Please add the following new point to the database for PGT ( #15 ) and make sure we begin to scape it along with the others: Name: Klamath Cogeneration - PacifiCorp This is a scraped point currently being posted . This DRN is the same as the IHS DRN for this point . Thanks . Mat
Becky , Well , today things suck , but overall everything is great . I lost about $100,000 this morning because I'm an idiot , but it's not completely my fault . Anyway , you should definitely take an earlier flight so we could go to dinner or something . Too bad it's not at the end of week so you could stay over , even though if you wanted to , you could . I could leave work pretty much anytime on wednesday , so just let me know . If you don't have my work number , its 713-853-0472 . Thanks . Mat
As requested... .
Chris , Can you please change the utilized capacity value for DRN 38725 , pipeline 42 , effective date 5/7/01 to 2957 . Thanks . Mat
i'm a dirty boy , a dirty , dirty boy
I'll also drop off a copy of the population weighting . Mat
Ina , A month or so ago , you requested access to sitara reports for me . You said it was completed , but the icon on the sitara launch pad is still greyed out . Can you please pass this on to the appropriate person . Also , i still don't have access to TDS which we requested before last week . Thanks . Mat
For your records , here are my eol sim trades for the month of september through today . I was out last week , but it appears that there was a trade around the 19th or 20th that i do not recall doing . It looks like a buy of calendar 2003 of the Nymex for 5000 mmbtu per day . I do not see this trade in my EOL transaction history . Can you please look into this . Thanks . Mat
Are you going to bring me the list of trades with the counterparty names ?
Lindon , It looks like we need to add 9908 to the list . After that i think we're done . Thanks . Mat
Maria , Try these.. . I'm still working on those other curves . Mat
Anne , Hey , do you know where i might get a list of the curve codes in the Oracle database for west index curves ? Mat
Maria , Hey , I installed SQL server...I feel like a real professional now . Although , I don't remember exactly which table I'm looking for . I found one that's MOD_Load that looks like it's the one . If it is , where do I find what the Scenario ID field means ? By the way , I'm still working on those index curves . Thanks . Mat
Anne , Actually , I'm not sure whether I want Gas Daily Index's or Physical Index's...Gas Daily preferably . A list or the file you use would be great . Thanks . Mat
NG PRC IF-ELPO/SJ INDEX CIG/RKYMTN INDEX NWPL_ROCKY_M INDEX KERN/RIVER INDEX PGE/TOPOCK INDEX NGI-SOCAL INDEX PGE/CG INDEX IF-ELPO/PERMIAN INDEX Maria , I don't remember exactly which locations you need the index curves for , but these should give you a start . Let me know which ones , I've left out from your list . Mat
Maria , I think that the curve names are the same for index as for basis ( which you currently pull) , except that you specify the curve type as index instead of basis . I've never looked in the database , so I've never seen the fields . Hope this helps . Mat
Maria , This is sumas . Also , you are correct , that all you need to do , is add this value to the others ( nymex + basis + index) . Let me know if you need anything else . Mat
Dave , Hey , I checked out the test chart you did for outages . Nice work ! I'm already thinking of many other things we'd like to have . Does this charting tool , allow us to customize the chart features to the extent excel does ? Can you manually set the min and max values on the axis ? We like some of the charts to have the same axis settings so that the bars can be compared from one chart to the next . If so , Jason can tell you how we'd like them set . Let's also discuss what interactivity we can build into this page . Mat
Dave , Since I'm thinking of it , what we'd like to strive for is , for one , to be able to double click on the bars and get a list of the the plant outages that make up the total and also to be able to select date ranges . Also , it would be be great to be able to be able to select daily or monthly averages over a day range or month range , respectively . Maybe have the current page be the default with control boxes to modify the criteria . Mat
FYI , the portland website has a similar chart that allows you to double-click the bar and get the detail of the outages , as well as detail about the plant characteristics , so that you may be able to use some of their code .
Chris and Eddie , I noticed that since Sept . 20 , cycle 13 from NWPL has not been making it into the database , thus showing errors in our Ops report . The Latest Scrape Information does not current show any errors in capture . Can you please look into this and get back to me . Thanks . Mat
copy to desktop and double-click to run .
Dave , Hey , can you create a view for me on Portland's database . The SQL code is below . Let me know if you need anything else . Mat FROM dbo.MOD_Load INNER JOIN
Come by and I'll show you where it is . Mat
Maria , Do you know if you guys have started capturing the RT Final import flows from Oasis yet ? Mat
Hey Christine , Everythings pretty normal around here . Anyway , I just wanted to say thank you for the shirts . I think they're great . Mat
Ina , I still cannot access Sitara Reports . After you last let me know it was taken care of , I do seem to remember it being accessible . However , it definitely is not working currently . Mat
Hey , Nice to hear from you . No , I haven't done much celebrating yet . Just work work work . Anyway , ya , I still want to come up sometime , it's just a little less inviting than it used to be . When is a good time now ? I'm going to Portland in two weeks for a couple of days , but pretty much free after that . By the way , my NEW address is 2125 Sul Ross Rd. , Houston , TX 77098 . Anyway , let's chat sometime.. . Talk to you soon . Mat
Nice . I found grandmom to be very sexy .
To Whom This May Concern , I have spoken to a couple people in your sales department regarding the shipping of this order . Delivery was withheld because I specified a residential address . In response , I would like to have the order delivered to the apartment offices at the delivery location . The address should read Manor Way Office , but reference the specified apartment number . Pete and Christy should be notified via the submitted phone number of the timing of the delivery . If the offices are still considered "residential" you are authorized to bill me for the additional surcharge , which I understand to be not more than $30 . Please feel free to contact me with any questions or comments . 713-853-047 ( day ) Mathew Smith
More like 50 cents.....Canadian that is .
No foreced drinking , just one ceremonial shot of tequilla . I think they're saving it up for this weekend . I think we're having a party on Saturday . I don't know if we have any closet shelves that I can fit into , though.... .
goat ? i think that's only true for fraternity pledges .
Actually , I don't know the number yet . Cell phone still the best . Sorry , I haven't been available last night . I was out . Anyway , what's the news ? Mat
Rent Revenge of the Nerds sometime . And no , it's nothing personally related to me . Anyway , this day is pretty much shot . The highlight was deciding where we were all going to sit in the new building . We move in November 9th . Should be pretty cool . I just remembered , I'm supposed to go to dinner with a bunch of people from the office and one of the brokers we work with . We're going to a martini bar before hand . Oooof , I'm going to have to find a second wind . Must leave soon..... .
my canadian beer of choice is Labatt .
Jan , Are you guys still planning on selling gas back ? Mat
you've got most of them , i guess i probably just need to define the major ones for the high level screen.. .
What's up my brother ? Long time no speak . I just got your email from Scotty P ( somehow he found me) . Anyway , I'd like to give you a call sometime and catch up , so definitely send me your number . I don't know if you knew , but I moved back to Houston again for a job with Enron . I've been here over a year now working on the natural gas floor . Life is good , but nothing real exciting to report . So , I just realized that next weekend is homecoming . Any chance that anyone is going ? I wasn't planning on it , but if a bunch of people were going I could still get a cheap flight into Ithaca , but I'd have to buy it today . If you wouldn't mind , send me a quick email to let me know if anyone is going... . Well , since I hope to talk to you soon...that's it . Hope all is well . Mat
Chris , Hey , I noticed that we have two Portland lines on our boxes . No one is around right now , but I'm wondering if it works , or if anyone ever uses it . I just got a box , and I have the second line programmed in . If you get a chance , why don't you see if it works on your end . Mat
address.. .
I assume this is to reserve the hotel . Thanks . Mat
Maria , Since you set my security up for the fundamentals database , I can't access any of the outage tables . Can you make sure that I have access to those tables with my NT id "msmith18" . Previously , I would use the "gasintranet" ID and "fundamentals" password . Thanks . Mat
nice . texas humor .
Aaron , The report you dropped off is a good start . I'm going to regroup some of the points . I'll drop it off when I'm finished . Thanks . Mat
can you email me the gzn file . My hard drive was replaced and I lost everything on my desktop .
in general , we want all history available . You never know when they're going to remove it .
Bart , Until we can get the proper access , just come over when you need the loads and I'll create a file for you . Mat
thanks
Hey , I think I lost your work number . Can you send me it or give me a call at work . Mat
Hey , You better do something about the crappy weather . I mean , am I going to have to bring my ski jacket ? So , I'm planning on going into the office early on Friday , but I'll be done by 9 am probably . Don't feel like you have to take any time off because of me . I'll find plenty to do with people from the office or by myself ( like make up sleep for when I get up at 5 am to go into the office) . So , I'll take care of a dinner venue and accomodations for Saturday night , but other activities are in the air . If Bonneville is on the way , that's cool . I suppose there's probably some cool hikes/drives around the area with great views . Let me know if you have any suggestions . Anyway , today was pretty hectic as well here , but now its quiet , and I'm ready to go home....and look at that , it's 5:30 already ! Hope you're staying warm and dry . Mat
Ina , Ya , the departure should now be Thursday Oct . 18th . I think the 11:15 am flight will do . Everything else remains the same . Thanks . Mat PS . My frequent flyer # is EG235566
Chris , I need to reinstall SQL on my machine . Can you send me the link to the setup file in the IT directory . I can't remember where it is . Thanks . Mat
thanks
Aaron , this is Mike's latest sheet with all transporation path combinations included . The files includes rates , receipt and delivery points , and live links to an EOL listen sheet . It's basically everything you need to have an internet version developed . Also , we do need an ops sheet modified . Basically , we're trying to develop a net total for Keystone production . More importantly , by the weekend we're going to need my Keytext Socal capture to work . This is absolutely critical since we have a Nuke going out on Saturday and a major coal plant down . Let me know if you have any issues . Stop by sometime about the Keystone modification . Mat
right now , i'm leaning towards no , but my friend Kristen isn't being very cooperative about getting back to me . thanks for keeping me apprised of the situation .
Steve , Do you have part 3 and 4 of this document ? The last page we have has figure 6 , but it looks like there was supposed to be further sections . Mat
thanks .
Ina , Thanks for checking into it . Coincidently , I noticed that there is a line on my phone called Portland #2 that noone uses . If it's listed on the phone does that mean that it's necessarily there ? Maybe it was used at one time or another , but just got forgotten . Anyway , it's not a big deal to wait until we get into the new building . Thanks . Mat
Bart , Sorry I didn't get back to you right away . Because I had my hard drive switched out last week , I have to reinstall SQL server on my computer . However , because of the latest virus scare , they've taken away my administrator access to my machine . This should all be taken care of this week . Please check back with me , and I should be able to provide you with the load data . Mat
Mo , Hey , glad to know you are recovering swiftly from Friday nights festivities . I think I just might have finally kicked my hangover . Joe said he woke up early Saturday morning to find me passed out in my clothes face down on the couch with the cat snuggling up against me . As exhausted as I was , I had to meet keith at the office Sat . and then went to a party Sat night where some asshole at the party backed into my car and didn't even come in and tell me ! Now I have to play detective to find out who did it . Anyway , I had a great time hanging out Friday night and I'm glad you did too . Hope to see you around soon . Give me a call if you're going to be around anytime . Mat
business , thanks .
get this......he didn't even wake up ! He had no idea that you were there and couldn't figure out how Murphy got out of his room .
Joe said he found me in the morning face down on the couch in my clothes with the cat snuggling up with me .
i think you have the wrong matt.. .
Hey , I think I like to send an email to every that was at the party . You wouldn't by any chance have a list of email addresses would you ? Mat
no availability.. .
your number is in my phone...can you call me ?
not too bad...i was late to work , though . Fortunately...the day is over for me . I'm leaving for the airport shortly . AND , i'm in a good mood because some the girl that him my car called and confessed ! She said she thought she hit a garbage can , but when she heard from the girl having the party that someone hit my car...she realized it was her . Anyway , she called her insurance and it's all good now . Well , I should get going now.. . See you soon . Mat PS . Sorry if i woke you last night .
socal injected 101,000 yesterday . let me know if you need anything else .
Hey , what up ? i'm still in Portland , in the office right now . Had a pretty cool time this weekend . Checked out Hood River , a little town on the Columbia River Gorge and then headed up to Mt . Hood yesterday . I think its about 11,000 ft high . There's a really old lodge half way up...it was almost snowing ! Actually , up near the summit you can ski year round....but i don't think many people do . The little trip made me think about our ski plans , which we should definitely keep pursueing . I apologize i'm a little out of touch up here in Portland , maybe I'll do some surfing when i get a chance . So , this chick fun...i don't really know what it is , but i feel comfortable hanging out with her...I think maybe its just that she's pretty down to earth . She ski's a lot and plays soccer every week , so i guess there some common interests there . She's totally not into fancy expensive things...which is good because she's broke...want's to go back to school so she can teach . Only other comment is that she's got a little hippie in her...but i guess you can't have everything.. . Anyway , I took some pictures , so I'll send them to you sometime . I have to run . Thanks for the email . Talk to you soon . Mat
Bart , Just wanted to let you know that I just had access to the west region forecast data granted for the "gasintranet" ID . When I get back to Houston Friday , we can set up the query for you to use . Mat
If you want , you can have Dave Woodstrom do the query for you since he should now have access with that ID .
Since i'm logged in to this computer i can get mail , so if the phone doesn't work , just send me a quick email.. . Hope you're feeling better today , and that bitch doesn't give you any shit ! mat
Bart , Yes , you should be able to pull the loads . IMPORTANT NOTE: there are several "scenario" runs of the model . You should only use the "New Model" scenario which , I believe , is number 25 . Mat
actually , i haven't eaten yet . i'll call you in a minute . i'm on a conference call right now .
sorry , this is taking a while.. .
Steve , Correction on that last email...WA Water Power ( Avista ) did submit the 714 form and is included in the PNW total . Mat
I'm on the 3 pm flight today . If you wanted to take me , I wouldn't say no , but , as always , don't feel like you have to.. . Mat
hey thanks...i'll be there . just got back from Portland last night and am going through some FPP withdraw... .
Sheila , Mat
Thanks . So , I'm curious to know how the run went Saturday morning . I was thinking about you guys while I was laying in my bed slightly hung over.. .
that's a really old one , but definitely one of my favorites .
Let's see...I worked a little on Sunday , but wasn't too motivated because of all of the turmoil at the company . Weather was really nice , so Mark and I went to a bar that's half outside to watch some football . Only thing is , the one game we wanted to watch , wasn't on . At least there was plenty of beer . Then we went home and grilled some steaks . I like steak . That's about it . How about you ? Did you get all of your laundry done . I didn't . Mat
Marlo , The name and number of the person to contact regarding the billing discrepancy for July 2001 is Mary Reid @ 213-244-3898 . Gasselect clearly shows only one trade for 43,559 mmbtu's from account 2527 to Z99 . Mat
Karen , I would be happy to attend lunch on Thursday . Thanks . Mat
i feel a little awful...plus i'm tired . I hope you weren't looking forward to speaking with a sober Mat yesterday . i don't think i was that drunk , but who knows . plus , i must be allergic to something because i can't stop sneezing . oh , my life just sucks these days...j/k . anyway , are you looking forward to tonight...especially with a nice full moon...make sure to look out for the goblins.. .
um , are you serious about the cat thing because now i'm a little disgusted.. .
hey , don't forget that report...Keith's bugging me . thanks .
Sounds like a trick question...Obviously , you would take offence to me answering "no" for any reason at all . However , I generally don't truly like people who I work with for whatever reason . Though , if I answer "yes" , it might imply that I don't like you now because you do not work at Enron , and somehow make you wish you did . So....the answer is that it would be cool if someone i liked happened to work in close proximity ( as long as it isn't too close) , but who i like is regardless of employment.... .
OK , I changed my mind...the answer is yes .
All I can say is that I'm not buying any... .
I don't recall needing any additional functionality from CQG . In fact , I don't even use CQG . Could you be referring to someone else . Mat
told you so.. .
Oh yes , it was a good contest . Gannon is quite the quarterback . Did you ? I only watched the first half , though , because I was tired and went to bed . Today , I'm watching our stock go to shit once again . It's only a matter of time before we shut the doors . I think the only thing that will keep us from going under is that the industry would get hurt too much . Maybe the government will bail us out . Anwyay , how's everything with you ?
Keith , Hey , is the plotter working , such that I could get a print out of that WSCC map you made for me a week or two ago . Thanks . Mat
you just want my address...2125 Sul Ross , Houston , TX , 77057... .
well , i only got single prints...so i have to get copies or scan them or something...so it may take a bit..sorry . About the sock , ya I'm short on socks...so it would be great if you sent it , but if not , don't worry about it .
Maria , Hey , your database sucks ! ( j/k ) Give me a ring when you get a chance . Mat
well...here we are . i'm still not buying .
it's a little iffy right now.. . i'm planning for not having one , although i'll in the one place that the company is trying to preserve .
not much i guess . I'm sure you heard the CNBC speel earlier . I have no news other than that .
Looks like Dynegy may buy us .
nope
true...i think the dynegy equity investment is dead...i think the discussion are about a full take over .
well , i was just in a meeting for an hour.. .
ug...this day is taking forever...absolutely nothing going on here .
Stephanie , Do you have any idea when this will be completed ? Let me know if you need any additional information . Thanks . Mat
Apparently , Stephanie is out of the office , do you know if someone else can set up the EOL ? Mat
Thanks so much .
Karen , Let me know if you need any additional information to set up my EOL ID . Thanks . Mat
Karla , I assume you are referring to my NT ID , which is msmith18 . Let me know if you need anything else . Thanks . Mat
This is typical of the communication we are getting . I received this at 3:30 pm.. .
i am trading ene like a champ ! if only i had size !
well , people are in better spirits now that the deal is done . Too bad there's still a bunch of uncertainty as to how we'll integrate the two companies . at least i'm pretty sure that i will keep my job . so now i just need to decide whether i want to keep it . there's going to be some opportunities elsewhere as people leave Enron and join other companies . How's Kate doing ? are they worried ? there probably aren't a ton of other trading shops in Portand . At least there are a bunch of other shops in Houston for people who get screwed from this deal.. .
I received my eol id , and went ahead and executed a few trades . I'm now trying to get into TDS to views positions and such , but it doesn't look like it is set up . I can get into TDS but there aren't any selections in the Desks dropdown box . The tds login i used was msmith_pc . Is this something you set up ? Mat
Now I tried msmith18_pc and my trading track simulation book was available to select , but nothing else . Mat
Motorcross...white trashyness...sounds like fun . i think i'm going to go home and pass out . i'm so fucking tired . went to the Dynegy bar last night and i think i had a few too many beers . only thing is my roommates gone for the weekend so i'll probably get a little lonely . oh well...i hope there's some good tv on . sure wish i had some motorcross to attend ! Mat
Thanks Kam .
It appears my TDS is linked to Keith's book and not mine . I don't mind having access to his position , and i actually will probably want it , but the book names probably got confused since his is WT and mine is WC . Mat
Thanks .
Hey , there's a nymex sale of 5000 /day Dec at 2.945 that shows up as a changed deal in my P&L from last night . The deal is a valid sale that I executed , but it does not appear to be valued correctly . It's valued at $3,096 when nymex was marked at 2.735 so the value should have been $32,550 . I would contact Ashley directly , but I don't know her last name . Thanks . Mat
Steve , As I remember the output from your power forecasting model gets stored in the MOD_Load table . However , that table does not appear have results for California for the scenario ID 25 ( New Model) . Does the California data have a different scenario ID ? Mat
FYI , Northwest is having that airfare sale again . Houston to White Plains...120 bucks.. .
hey , that airfare between boston and houston of 120 bucks is now available between rochester and houston .
Ina , I logged out and Kobra still does not work . Mat
thanks . i'm guessing most of those were hitting the aga number... .
Ina , Just wanted to let you know that noone has come by to setup my Kobra . Mat
Shouldn't be a problem . I'll get it done .
Chris , The last I left it with Chris and Dave W . was that I was going to compile a list of exactly what data we needed and I will include all the items you indicated . I do have time this week , but not much because it's bid week . Mat
Ashley , There's a changed deal in my book with Counterparty City of Pasadena . I believe I originally input the deal to go to Mike's book , which is the correct book . It appears that maybe you changed it thinking it was a mistake . ?  ? Mat
Jose , Can you please add Zac McCorroll to the distribution list for the West temperature sheet . Thanks . Mat
I think this is all for now...of course , he should have access to all of the items within the West directories below . Thanks . Mat
Wish we could go - but we're off to Ft . Lauderdale this evening . Are you in town next weekend ? If not , let's try for something on a weeknight .
Hey Marc - any chance you guys might like to join us on a one week sailing vacation in the Caribbean early next year ( Feb or March) ?
I think this has already been sent to you . Just wondering , though , why this is being lumped together in one complex transaction instead of splitting it into two .
We're thinking about flying down to some nice sunny spot and renting ( "chartering" is the technical term ) a boat for a week . We've done this quite a few times in previous years: British Virgin Islands , Martinique , St . Lucia , St . Vincent & the Grenadines , Grenada , etc .
Thanks for the joke - it's getting lots of laughs !
Paul: It seems to me these types of transactions ( at least new ones ) could be covered by an ISDA with some creative confirm work on our part . It's certainly not necessary for us to wait for ISDA to get its act together ( it may be quite a wait ) - we can come up wit our own definitions . The financial power trades might be something of a stretch but we have never had the question fully reviewed . I guess this is another matter to keep in mind as the power pool is restructured: to the extent we have any influence over the resulting structure , it would be nice if it fit easily into a standard financial trading structure . Just random thoughts . Mark
Mark Haedicke , Greg Whalley and I will be meeting with several people at the NYMEX on Friday morning . It's possible ( although not likely ) that Dan Rappaport will attend one of the meetings . I remember that we were very unhappy with his testimony earlier this year and I know we delivered that message to the NYMEX a couple of times . What I'm not sure of is whether their testimony was toned down at all in subsequent hearings . Are you aware of the content of the NYMEX testimony at those hearings and whether or not our complaints had been taken to heart when it was prepared ? I'm just wondering if there is anything we should bring up in our meetings if Rappaport does attend - either positive or negative . I also heard just a few minutes ago that Mark H . had cancelled our trip to DC currently scheduled for 12/16 since he will be meeting with Commissioner Newsome tomorrow . It might make sense to leave the December meeting on the calendar , though . Seems to me the Enron message may get lost in the overall background noise of a big ISDA meeting . Maybe I can come up alone and we can do a scaled down version of the originally scheduled meeting to get some solo time in the Commissioner's face . What do you think ?
Congrats Justin ! Good job ! Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
This may prove helpful .
This message was returned to me - it looks like your name is misspelled in the Performance Management program .
I think you can go straight to performance review - please let me know if it doesn't work .
I think I'll try to run this by Michelle Cash real quick - I'll get right back to you .
Yes - it's definitely time to think about this . My suggestion would be that we try to get Don to pay the expenses since the trip would be necessary regardless of who she was working for ( EI or ECT) . Of course , if he balks , we'll foot the bill .
Michelle is going to discuss this with Sharon Butcher ( an outside labor lawyer we use) . Apparently there is some corporate policy against indemnifying employees but she understands there may be a distinction here due to the nature of Argentine law in the area . We'll keep you posted .
I understand that Robin Jordan has taken care of this in my absence . If you still need anything from me , please let me know . Mark
Anita: I seem to remember that our traders in Singapore did a deal with a PRC company a while back and it was our conclusion at the time that it was a very dangerous ( perhaps unenforceable ) thing to do . My vague memory is that only financial institutions could enter into derivatives in the PRC and even then there was invariably a sovereign immunity risk . Do you remember this and can you refresh my recollection ? Mark
The alternatives are a net worth of US$1,000,000 or that all trades be guaranteed by an entity that meets the financial requirements .
Heather: Here is an excerpt from a message in which Anita Fam replies to my inquiry: Only 3 types of institutions have the capacity and authority to enter into derivatives transactions in the PRC . They are: a . banks; b . non-bank financial institutions ( "NBFI"); and c . foreign invested enterprises ( "FIE") . Banks and NBFIs require banking licences and may only enter into derivative transactions for hedging purposes . FIEs comprise ( i ) wholly foreign owned enterprises ( "WFOE"); and ( ii ) sino-foreign owned joint ventures ( "SFJV" ) and include foreign banks , foreign finance companies and bank branches .  There are no specific restrictions for WFOEs but SFJVs may only enter into derivative transactions for hedging purposes as well . State-owned enterprises and collectively-owned enterprises can therefore only transact through a duly authorised bank or NBFI . So it looks as if China National Oil Company ( Corp.? ) and China State Power Corp . do not have the capacity nor the authority to enter into derivative transactions themselves in the PRC . I have also found a copy of the results of some legal research we had done a year or two ago on these issues . If you or Cynthia would like to see it I'd be happy to send a copy on .
Congratulations and well done to you and all the others who have worked on getting this agreement in place ! I know this was a long and difficult battle . Mark
I know you are getting the legal bills paid through Don's budget for work done in Argentina . Is it possible to handle the bills for work done in Brazil the same way ? I have a bill from Tozzini that we need to pay . Since it is all in connection with South American trading it seems reasonable to treat it the same as the others but I'm not sure how you are handling these things . Any thoughts ?
What documents do we use for these deals ? Is it the German translation of our Industrial Master ? Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Thanks Justin - I was planning to come over some time shortly after the first of the year . A month or two ago Mark H . mentioned that there might be an ISDA meeting in January that he wants me to attend so I'll probably try to schedule something around then . I believe that's around the 28th . Let's try to set up dinner again ! Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Cynthia: As you know , the Bankruptcy Code revisions never made it through the recent Congress . I understand they bogged down in the final days over issues which were essentially irrelevant to us in ECT . I'm not sure you are aware of the importance to our trading business of certain of the other proposed revisions . We anticipate that the revisions will be reintroduced in the next Congress and are beginning to think about ways that we can influence the outcome this time around . Are you the right person in your shop for us to talk to about this ? If you could let me know , I'd appreciate it . Thanks , Mark
Darlene: I'm busy on Thursday but Friday looks good . Mark
Does this make sense to you ?
Both of those times work for me .
I have revised the relevant experience paragraph slightly ( if you open the attachment using "Launch" you can see the changes highlighted) . Kim , if this is OK with you please go ahead and use it .
There is a master agreement in place between ECT and Koch Energy Trading , Inc . I have never heard of Koch Carbon . My immediate concern is as to the Enron entity . It is not clear to me why Peter thinks this trade is between ECT and a Koch entity since he does not have authority to bind ECT .
I have the feeling that Koch finally decided to consolidate their financial trading with us into Koch Energy Trading . They recently did a trade with our coal desk between ECT and Koch Carbon Inc . Do we have a contact in legal ( or elsewhere ) at Koch we should call to see if they are willing to use Koch Energy Trading ?
My mistake in raising the issue - Peter Sceats is with the broker in London who arranged the trade .
Paul: Since the recent pet coke swap ( deal 8025 ) is really a US deal , we should probably do the documentation here . Would you please send me a copy of the confirm for the coal swap you worked on for us to use as a starting point ? Thanks , Mark
Are you the right person to handle these details ? If not , please try to find out who it is and then let me know so I can communicate with Martin .
Martin: I am told by my assistant ( Jan Dobernecker ) that the Human Resources Department here has people who will assist you on the practicalities . Jan has asked them to get in touch with you directly . If you have not heard from someone by the middle of next week , please let me or Jan know so we can either prod them into action or get you a contact name and number to call . We are all very much looking forward to your arrival and I'd be happy to discuss any questions ( and I'm sure there must be several ) that come to mind - just give me a call . Mark
Jan: I meant to cc you on this but forgot - here is my response to Martin .
'Twas The Night Before Christmas as written by a lawyer 'Twas the nocturnal segment of the diurnal period preceding the annual Yuletide celebration , and throughout our place of residence , kinetic activity was not in evidence among the possessors of this potential ( party of the first part) , including that species of domestic rodent known as Mus musculus . Hosiery was meticulously suspended from the forward edge of the wood burning caloric apparatus , pursuant to our anticipatory pleasure regarding an imminent visitation from an eccentric philanthropist among whose folkloric appellations is the honorific title of St . Nicholas ( party of the second part) . The prepubescent siblings , comfortably ensconced in their respective accommodations of repose , were experiencing subconscious visual hallucinations of variegated fruit confections moving rhythmically through their cerebrums . My conjugal partner and I , attired in our nocturnal head coverings , were about to take slumberous advantage of the hibernal darkness when upon the avenaceous exterior portion of the grounds there ascended such a cacophony of dissonance that I felt compelled to arise with alacrity from my place of repose for the purpose of ascertaining the precise source thereof . Hastening to the casement , I forthwith opened the barriers sealing this fenestration , noting thereupon that the lunar brilliance without , reflected as it was on the surface of a recent crystalline precipitation , might be said to rival that of the solar meridian itself - thus permitting my incredulous optical sensory organs to behold a miniature airborne runnered conveyance drawn by eight diminutive specimens of the genus Rangifer , piloted by a minuscule , aged chauffeur so ebullient and nimble that it became instantly apparent to me that he was indeed our anticipated caller . With his ungulate motive power traveling at what may possibly have been more vertiginous velocity than patriotic alar predators , he vociferated loudly , expelled breath musically through contracted labia , and addressed each of the octet by his or her respective cognomen - "Now Dasher , now Dancer..." et al . - guiding them to the uppermost exterior level of our abode , through which structure I could readily distinguish the concatenations of each of the 32 cloven pedal extremities . As I retracted my cranium from its erstwhile location , and was performing a 180-degree pivot , our distinguished visitant achieved - with utmost celerity and via a downward leap - entry by way of the smoke passage . He was clad entirely in animal pelts soiled by the ebony residue from oxidations of carboniferous fuels which had accumulated on the walls thereof . His resemblance to a street vendor I attributed largely to the plethora of assorted playthings which he bore dorsally in a commodious cloth receptacle . His orbs were scintillant with reflected luminosity , while his submaxillary dermal indentations gave every evidence of engaging amiability . The capillaries of his malar regions and nasal appurtenance were engorged with blood which suffused the subcutaneous layers , the former approximating the coloration of Albion's floral emblem , the latter that of the Prunus avium , or sweet cherry . His amusing sub- and supralabials resembled nothing so much as a common loop knot , and their ambient hirsute facial adornment appeared like small , tabular and columnar crystals of frozen water . Clenched firmly between his incisors was a smoking piece whose grey fumes , forming a tenuous ellipse about his occiput , were suggestive of a decorative seasonal circlet of holly . His visage was wider than it was high , and when he waxed audibly mirthful , his corpulent abdominal region undulated in the manner of impectinated fruit syrup in a hemispherical container . He was , in short , neither more nor less than an obese , jocund , multigenarian gnome , the optical perception of whom rendered me visibly frolicsome despite every effort to refrain from so being . By rapidly lowering and then elevating one eyelid and rotating his head slightly to one side , he indicated that trepidation on my part was groundless . Without utterance and with dispatch , he commenced filling the aforementioned appended hosiery with various of the aforementioned articles of merchandise extracted from his aforementioned previously dorsally transported cloth receptacle . Upon completion of this task , he executed an abrupt about-face , placed a single manual digit in lateral juxtaposition to his olfactory organ , inclined his cranium forward in a gesture of leave-taking , and forthwith effected his egress by renegotiating ( in reverse ) the smoke passage . He then propelled himself in a short vector onto his conveyance , directed a musical expulsion of air through his contracted oral sphincter to the antlered quadrupeds of burden , and proceeded to soar aloft in a movement hitherto observable chiefly among the seed-bearing portions of a common weed . But I overheard his parting exclamation , audible immediately prior to his vehiculation beyond the limits of visibility: "Ecstatic Yuletide to the planetary constituency , and to that self same assemblage , my sincerest wishes for a salubriously beneficial and gratifyingly pleasurable period between sunset and dawn." I'll be there ! Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Looks good to me . Enjoy !
Hey Marc - what time is your soiree tomorrow ?
It's not clear to me which form you want - we have ( i ) an "Annex A" which we use like a general terms and conditions to attach to a one-off confirm ( i.e . where there is no master agreement in place ) and is sometimes called the "Omnibus" ( because it's a single form for any type of commodity derivative which replaced a multitude of separate forms ) or ( ii ) a "Schedule" which is attached to the ISDA form agreement to make it our version of the ISDA master which can then have a collateral support annex attached . Just to make it a little more complicated , we also have our own form of master agreement which we use with less sophisticated counterparties and where we need to translate the document into another language ( which we don't want to do with the ISDA) . Just let me know which one you want & I'll have Tana e-mail it to you . This stuff is all covered in Tana's short-course on ECT derivatives documentation - maybe you'd like to sit in on it when she comes over ?
Please e-mail these forms to Scott .
Any idea what database he's talking about ?
I've been through both documents and can not find my comments . I wonder if there is a later draft somewhere ?
I haven't received anything yet - and have a meeting I have to go to now . I'll check back in an hour or so .
Hey guy - Ted's going swimming & can be there a little after after 8:30 - I'll be at the gym until 8 . Any chance that would fit into your schedule ?
I tried .
Alan: Are you still the code of conduct person ? If not , let me know & I'll keep looking . Mark
Martin: Thanks for your note . Is there an English language version of your presentation available ? Mark
Given the absences , conflicts and heavy work-loads , let's cancel the meeting scheduled for this morning .
FYI
Here it is !
This probably needs to go on the utility form . Assuming Watershed is gone , will you have time to start on this tomorrow ?
FYI
There appears to be a brand new book out by David Brin ( one of Tim's authors ) called "Heaven's Reach" which I think is still only available in hardback . If you decide not to get it , please let me know and I may .
Tana forwarded the following message on to me since she will be out of the office for the next week or so . We are not familiar with any of these companies or their activities or operations . You might want to check with Kate Cole's office to see what she knows .
Susan: This is not urgent , but when you have a minute , please check and see what research we have done with local counsel in the Czech Republic . I'm wondering in particular if they were part of our survey regarding European derivatives law .
Just for your background info , the other reason we use deemed ISDAs on the interest rate & currency deals is that the omnibus was really drafted with commodity deals in mind . I'd have to go back and look at it to see if it would work at all for an interest rate or currency deal . Do you think I should do that ? Hopefully not or at least not til after 1/1 . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Should I have received a copy already ? I don't remember seeing it .
Jan: Please print the attachments for me . Thanks , Mark
A couple more to print , please .
Here are my drafts of letters for ECT and Seagull regarding the transfer of Seagull's positions at E.D.&F . Man . Please let me know if you have any questions .
Here is a draft letter to the Exchange requesting permission to effect the Seagull transfer .
Let me check with Mr . B . I don't think we have any specific plans - probably last minute shopping/wrapping . We're both leaving on Thurs . and returning on Sun .
There are conflicts for the 2:00 time slot and so many year-end deals taking up everyone's time and attention that I think it makes sense to reschedule for a later date .
Looks like Mr . B has a late swim practice tonight so we won't be at Adobe :-( . Maybe next time . If I don't see you , have a very merry one and let's talk next week . mark
Hey Mark - I thought you had my new ( as of July 1997 ) address - sorry about that . I'm now at: 1322 Rutland I heard about Mrs . Boone in the Scots News . I thought it was a nice write-up . The Boones were very special people and I regret extremely that I didn't get to know them better . Hope you guys are doing well . I was in NYC in Nov . but was so busy I didn't have time for visits or fun of any kind ! Hope to get back soon but there's nothing for NY on the calendar . Probably DC early Jan. , London late Jan . and Buenos Aires and Sao Paolo in Feb . I saw the magazine article ( with such good photos! ) a couple of months back . My mom actually called to tell me about it . Did you guys get my Christmas card ? I thought Celena might get a kick out of it . Tell Debbie & Celena I said "Hi!" Take care , Mark T .
Here is the Strike Price Election Notice letter I drafted for the Ormet transaction . Please let me know if this works for you .
Happy 1999 and welcome back . Sorry to hear about your travel problems . I know how much fun a night in the airport can be . I'd be happy to talk about the US commodity laws at one of our group meetings . I'm going to be in London the last week of this month - maybe we can set something up for then ?
The Thursday times look better for me .
Just out of curiosity , who is Thomas Geisel ? I assume he is an Enron person . Do we already have a lawyer responsible for these issues ? I seem to remember that Robert and Justin were handling the IPE and Martin and MarkElliott the NordPool and ELEX issues . It might make sense to have one person be the go-to guy for exchange issues with another designated for each exchange . What do you think ? It worries me a little to have only businesspeople involved - particularly if this is an early stage where we may haveour best hope for effective legal input .
Mark Haedicke and I are scheduled to participate in an ISDA sponsored conference call which begins at 9:00 Eastern time tomorrow morning . If that call runs over , we may not be able to call you promptly at 10:00 but will call as soon as we can .
Would you please check and see if we have any JEDI swaps wtih these
Jennifer: Our records indicate that a draft was delivered to you earlier this week . If you do not have it , please let Marie Heard ( x33907 ) know and she can get you another copy . Mark Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Hope you're having a pleasant first week of 1999 . Thought I would forward this on.....I found that 16 , 15 , 14 , 8 , 7 , 2 and 1 hit a little too close to
Carol: As Tana mentioned in our meeting , the Credit guys are in discussions with Aspect as to who should be the counterparty to the swap ( we think it should be JEDI , they think it should be ECT) . There is a master agreement in place between JEDI I and Inland ( which suggests that there is probably a swap in place that maybe should have been transferred and still binds JEDI I) . Mark
Peter: I understand from Tana that you disagree with the advice we have received from outside counsel ( Stikeman ) regarding the necessary procedures/formalities involved in the taking and holding of cash as collateral in Canada . We are in the process of revising our Canadian forms for ISDA master agreements and credit support annexes . Would you mind checking into this issue - maybe by discussing your difference of opinion with Stikeman ( I think the advice came from Fred Erickson in their Calgary office) ? I don't want to make our forms overly complicated or impose burdens on ourselves that aren't required by law . Thanks , Mark
Richard: In the US we have changed our swap agreement forms to provide for arbitration in order to avoid having to explain the intricacies of derivatives trading to judges or , God forbid , juries . In Canada we are continuing to submit to the jurisdiction of Canadian courts ( on the theory that there are no juries in civil actions and arbitration is rarely used in Canadian contracts generally) . As we are presently in the process of revising our UK swap agreement forms , I guess it's time to revisit the issue as it applies to UK agreements . Currently we agree to UK law and the jurisdiction of UK courts ( where there are no juries in civil actions) . Should this continue to be our policy or should we begin going for arbitration in the UK contracts also ? I would ask Paul and Scott to let Richard and me know if arbitration is widely enough used in UK agreements that we can get away with asking for it . Thanks , Mark
Martin: My assistant , Jan Dobernecker , tells me that Sylvia Sauseda has arranged for an office for you here on the 38th floor . The room number is EB3850 . Sylvia is in the process of arranging for a telephone and computer for your office and will talk to HR about a badge . HR should have the badge waiting for you at the desk in the lobby when you arrive . If it isn't and your HR person is not available , just call Jan Dobernecker at x33427 and she will tell them to let you in . Sylvia will also attempt to find parking for you . If you haven't heard from her by Friday , I suggest you park in any of the uncovered lots near the building on Monday morning . They are more reasonably priced than the garages ( which sometimes charge $20 or more for a single day if you don't have a contract) . We're looking forward to seeing you ! Have a good trip . Mark
Mark - This doesn't look familiar to me - is it yours ?
Thanks very much Anita - that makes good sense to me . I'll coordinate through QD .
Hey guys ! Wow - 10 acres - sounds like a ranch ! I'm still working at Enron in Houston - it's a good size energy company and the subsidiary I work for does a lot of trading of electricity and energy commodities like natural gas and oil . I'm in the legal department and work on derivatives trading contracts and issues . I just got promoted a few days ago so I guess things are going well . I had an e-mail from Paul Palmer a year or so ago and sent a note back but haven't heard from him since . Mark Kopinski & I stay in touch - he's in New York managing a couple of international mutual funds . He & Debbie adopted a little girl ( Celena ) from China and seem very happy living in a high-rise in the middle of Manhattan . I get up there on business a few times a year and try to stop in to say hi . I was in Monmouth for our 20 year class "reunion" last June . There were only 2 of us there and I didn't even remember the other guy ! Oh well , maybe the 25th will be a bigger draw . Mark
Scott: The response from Richard is that we are happy with UK courts so long as our counterparty is in the UK , but if we have a counterparty on the continent and there is any chance that submission to the exclusive jurisdiction of UK courts might not be fully enforced in the counterparty's country , we should go to arbitration . In other words , we would prefer arbitration to ending up in court in a jurisdiction in Europe . Let's add this to the list of topics to discuss when I'm in London . Thanks , Mark
We have an opening for a paralegal in the Financial Trading group . In the past we have been very successful with referrals from members of the Legal Dept . who know of paralegals with whom they have worked in local law firms who might be willing to move . Please give this a little thought and if you know of a good paralegal in town , let me or Tana Jones know so we can contact them . Thanks for you help . Mark
Nobody is leaving - it's a new position .
Jan - can you please take care of scheduling this .
I found this picture of my boat on the internet !
Hey Amanda ! Yao just gave me your e-mail address . He had told me you were at UVA a couple of months ago . How do you like law school so far ? I have to admit I pretty much hated every minute of it . Now that I think about it , I can't say that being a lawyer had been all that much fun either . Oh well , the pay is pretty good . I found this picture of my boat on the internet site of the charter company that rents it out for me when I'm not sailing ( which is most of the time) . When are we going sailing again ? Got any good vacation weeks coming up ? The Caribbean sure sounds good right about now..... .
You know , I must have received your message on Tuesday because I remember reading it - but I can't find it in my computer . Can you resend so I'll have the dates ? My guess is you shouldn't arrange space for me . If I can get there for part of the time and there is a spare couch then fine & if not I'm sure I'll find a room somewhere close by .
We're looking forward to stopping by but it may be a little later - not sure about the exact schedule for the eve . Mind if we bring a friend or two ? I doubt they'll come with us ( they work til about 9 or 10 on Fridays and are usually ready to collapse at that point ) but you never know til you ask . Mark Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
The only other matters I know of are ( i ) the Thursday morning interview of Timothy Hailes for a position in the Houston Swap Group and ( ii ) that Mark mentioned to me that he is planning a trip up to Teeside on Wednesday . We are trying to set up another interview on Thursday ( with David Lacey ) but it hasn't been finalized yet . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
If you want to take a day or two of lessons on a bigger boat or if some of your friends need an intro course , you might try this outfit . They're the ones who manage my boat . My boat:
One day , while walking down the street , a highly successful lawyer was tragically hit by a bus and killed . His soul arrived up in Heaven , where he was met at the Pearly Gates by St . Peter himself . "Welcome to Heaven," said St . Peter . "Before you get settled in , though , it seems we have a problem . You see , we've never once had a lawyer make it this far and we're not really sure what to do with you." "No problem-just let me in," said the lawyer "Well , I'd like to , but I have higher orders . What we're going to do is let you have a day in Hell and a day in Heaven , and then you can choose whichever one you want to spend an eternity in." "Actually , I think I've made up my mind...I prefer to stay in Heaven," said the lawyer "Sorry , we have rules," said St . Peter , and with that , he put the lawyer in an elevator and it went down-down-down to Hell . The doors opened and the lawyer found himself stepping out onto the putting green on a beautiful golf course . In the distance was a country club , and standing in front of him were all of his friends and fellow lawyers with whom he had worked . They were all dressed in black tie and evening gowns and cheering for him . They ran up and kissed him on both cheeks and they talked about old times . They played an excellent round of golf , and that night went to the country club where he enjoyed an excellent steak and lobster dinner . The lawyer even got to meet the Devil , who was actually a woman and very good looking . He had a great time telling jokes and dancing . In fact , the lawyer was having such a good time , that before he knew it , it was time to leave . Everybody shook his hand , thanked him for coming and waved goodbye as he got on the elevator . The elevator went up-up-up and opened back at the Pearly Gates , where he found St . Peter waiting for him . "Now it's time to spend a day in Heaven," he said . So the lawyer spent the next 24 hours lounging around on clouds and playing the harp and singing . He had a great time , and before he knew it , his 24 hours were up . St . Peter came and got him . "So , you've spent a day in Hell and you've spent a day in Heaven . Now you must choose your eternity," he said . The lawyer paused for a second , and then replied , "Well , I never thought I'd say this . I mean , Heaven has been really great and all , but I think I had a better time in Hell." So St . Peter escorted him to the elevator and again he went down-down-down , back to Hell . When the doors of the elevator opened , the lawyer found himself standing in a desolate wasteland covered in garbage and filth . He saw his friends and fellow lawyers were dressed in rags and were picking up the garbage and putting it in sacks . The Devil appeared before the lawyer . She now had horns sticking out of her head , fire spit out her ears and nose and she had a very evil laugh The lawyer stammered: "I don't understand . Yesterday , I was here and there was a golf course and a country club and we ate lobster and danced and had a great time . Now all there is a wasteland of garbage and all of my friends and fellow lawyers look overworked and miserable." The Devil looked at the lawyer and smiled . "Yesterday we were recruiting you; today you're ours."
If you didn't believe us before , I'm sure it is by now painfully clear that negotiating master swap agreements is a very lengthy process . My impression is that the commercial team in Portland is anxious to begin trading financially . If this is correct , it would be possible , at least from a legal point of view , to begin trading now under the existing documents . In each case where a master agreement is already in place , trades entered into before the amendments we want will certainly be binding on both parties . Our only issues with trading under these agreements are where we need more restrictive credit provisions and that resumption of trading before an amendment is signed reduces to some extent our negotiating leverage . As to the credit issue , only the credit group can decide whether or not to permit trading under the existing terms . As for the negotiating leverage , if the commercial people want to resume trading immediately , my suggestion would be to let them go ahead . If it turns out that additional leverage is needed , we can always stop trading . Where no master swap agreement exists , we have documentation available to enable trading on a limited basis until the master is signed . The so-called "omnibus" confirmation will work for any normal commodity derivative transaction and can be customized to include necessary credit provisions - even where multiple trades exist with the same counterparty . Tana has unsuccessfully tried to get you access to our Lotus Notes database so you could determine the status of any negotiation on an up-to-the-minute basis . She will be sending a monthly report of our progress until you get the necessary software to access the database . Of course , if any issues come up in the meantime , please continue to feel free to call .
Thanks for your note . It is kind of exciting . I think this attachment is probably the treaty you want . I'm sorry it didn't "save" better but I think you can probably print it out legibly . I have a copy printed from Westlaw . Let me know if you want me to fax it .
FYI
It's that time again . We need to prepare our group and individual goals for 1999 . Please give these some thought and give me your suggestions for our group's goals by the end of the week . Thanks , Mark
To make matters even more confusing , there are two Mark Taylors . I believe the message you forwarded to me belongs to the Mark Taylor at EI ( based in London) . Unfortunately , I can't forward your message to him directly ( there seems to be a problem with the attachment) . If you still have it , can you send it to him at "Mark EI.London Taylor" ?
I think we're talking about a Senior Legal Specialist position . Do you have the posting that we used last year ( when we hired Susan Flynn) ? I think it would have gone out in July or August .
sorry for the delay
I haven't seen any of the press reports ( even though I am in London and I hear that's where they were ) but I thought this was a well drafted response . The only additional rumours I have heard indicate that the police may have been rough in their handling of demonstrators outside the fence at the plant construction site . I remember hearing that there were times that the construction workers feared for their lives because of the vehemence of the protesters . I guess that didn't make it into the Human Rights Watch ( ever heard of them? ) report . Mark
I think there should be a Master Swap Agreement in place between ECT and EI . I suggest you check in Lotus Notes but I'm pretty sure Lisa did one about a year ago . mark
Jeff: That sounds like a great idea . Are there limitations on such meetings ? I would think we need to be careful to avoid any appearance of impropriety . Mark Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
I'm not sure why that shouldn't count . Any trades done can be booked into RMT and then into ECT if necessary to hedge with third parties .
Congratulations on your promotion ! Well deserved and long overdue .
Can you check and make sure Hector Ramirez is still with ECT ? Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Yes , unfortunately , we aren't going to get ours until the 5th . No explanation was given . We may get the numbers a day or so ahead of time but I haven't gotten them yet . We should set up a time to do your review in the next day or so , also .
Thanks very much for your memo .
Stephanie Harris called back this morning to say that Jim will not be in the office on any of our proposed dates . She suggests we try the first week in March . Any possibilties there ?
Are you guys around this weekend ? Any particular plans ?
I'm flying solo this weekend . No particular plans after happy hour with the office tonight .
Sasha: Thanks very much for adding me to the database . If I could impose upon you once again , would you please also arrange access for Tana Jones ? She is going to assist me with the database project you and I discussed and I think your database will be a big help . Thanks again ! Mark
Happy hour with staff , not family :- (
Edmund: Have we submitted these forms for any new companies being formed ?
How about 2:00 ?
Looks good to me .
I'm following up with Cindy Skinner of ECT HR to try and get this resolved . Thanks for letting me know it was still an issue . Mark
I decided I needed the book we discussed so I went online to Amazon.com and ordered it ! While there I found references to a number of books I tought you might be interested in: the Hornblower series by C.S . Forester the Bolitho stories from Alexander Kent the Drinkwater series from Richard Woodman ( e.g. , "An Eye of the Fleet" ) the Ramage series from Dudley Pope Revolution at Sea Trilogy/James L . Nelson Lobscouse & Spotted Dog : Which It's a Gastronomic Companion to the Aubrey/Maturin Novels by Anne Chotzinoff Grossman , Lisa Grossman Thomas
Tammy: Brent still reports to me and I believe he should be paid from my RC . Please let me know if this causes a problem . Mark Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Marc: In what currency will the proposed DPC hedge be denominated ?
One of the areas causing us legal heart-burn in the weather derivatives area here in the States is the insurance and re-insurance company counterparties . In most states there are different laws applicable to insurance companies - most of which are regulated - including entirely separate insolvency regimes . Just another item for your radar screen .
I'll be there !
One of the problems with Indian derivatives is that when foreign exchange is involved , Reserve Bank of India approval is required in advance of the transaction . A $US deal would involve foreign exchange from an Indian counterparty's point of view . Certain transactions have pre-approved status but an ECT commodity swap is not one of them . I'm still trying to track down whether a commodity deal can be done at all , even with RBI approval . I've also asked whether , if approved commodity swaps are permitted but not by ECT , it might be possible to use an Indian bank or other approved dealer as an intermediary .
Vice President and Assistant General Counsel ENRON CAPITAL & TRADE RESOURCES CORP . Mark Taylor is Vice President and Assistant General Counsel of Enron Capita& Trade Resources Corp. , heading the Financial Trading Group of that compans Legal Department . The Financial Trading Group is responsible for the legissues arising in connection with the derivatives trading in the world's largest portfolio of natural gas and power risk management contracts . Prioto joining ECT , Mr . Taylor practiced law as an associate with Skadden , ArpsSlate , Meagher & Flom in New York and Jakarta and with Liddell , Sapp , ZivleHill & LaBoon in Houston and New York .
Brent: Thanks very much for this report - these are VERY helpful in keeping me up to date on what's happening in your part of the world . Mark
Robert: I believe that Sylvia Sauseda usually handles these matters . Please let us both know the date you will be arriving with as much notice as possible so that we can have things ready for you . We're looking forward to seeing you !
Here is your conversation with my revisions marked ( deletions struck through , insertions in bold) . Hope this helps but feel free to call or write with any questions or comments: A: The CFTC regulates futures contracts and certain kinds of option contracts . SP: What's a futures contract ? A: It is a contract for the sale of a certain kind of commodity through a regulated exchange . SP: How is the contract different than a non-futures contract ? A: Ahem , just for your information , we call the non-futures contracts forward or over the counter contracts . The big difference is that the forward contract does not must go to delivery while futures contracts do not . SP: I though the futures contracts went to delivery . I remember getting all messed up on the gas side with delivery of NYMEX futures gas at the Henry Hub , and what about those stories of a guys getting a load of soy beans dumped in their front yards ? A: Well , er , yes they do sometimes go to delivery , but they are not really supposed to relatively few of them go to delivery . They are supposed to more frequently ( actually the vast majority of the time ) net out as financial transactions . It's that option of settling financially that distinguishes the futures contract . SP: Well lets get to the point , why are physical buy sells so bad ? A: That's easy . Because they look like futures contracts . They are not intended to go to delivery . And if you are trading in futures contracts you are supposed to be doing it on a CFTC regulated exchange . SP: So what you are saying is that if we deliberately net out our physical deals and never intend to even try to schedule delivery under them we are trading in futures contracts and could be subject to regulation by the CFTC ? A: You've got it . But it's even worse than that - federal law says that a futures contract which is not traded on a regulated exchange is illegal: not only could the CFTC come after you but your counterparties could use that law against you to get out of performing . So you can think of each contract like that as having written a free option . SP: Well how much physicality do we have to have to make it a forward contract ? A: What do you mean ? SP: Well , if we settled physically one day a month but financially the other 29 days , would we have a futures contract ? A: Oh for Christ's sake I've had it . I'm telling you once and for all that physical buy sells are futures contracts and you can't do them now get the hell out of my office!-- Is this the basic idea and if so , how much can we blend physical into it to cross the line into the domain of the forward contract ? --Christian Basically , yes . A lot has to do with the look and feel of the thing but also the parties' intentions . If we do not intend to make and take delivery , if we intend to settle financially - or even intend to just have the option to settle financially , we have a problem . The closest thing we have to an exception to this is the provision for cover damages when one party fails to deliver . That is a provision in the contract that might be argued gives one party the right to settle financially just by failing to perform . We argue that this is still a forward and not a future because the parties in good faith intend initially that delivery will be made and a default occurs when there is a failure to make or take delivery . Unfortunately , in the power world a large percentage of contracts may in fact get booked out . However , each party enters into those contracts knowing that they have an obligation to make or take delivery and the book-outs may or may not happen - we do not enter into those contracts knowing that they will be booked out . The book-outs occur after the fact by mutual agreement at the time of the book-out . In fact , if we didn't want to book them out , we could stand on our legal rights and require all of our counterparties to make and take delivery ( although I assume this might not go over well with many of them or with our scheduling desk if a book-out would be more convenient at the time) .
I am also admitted in New York which has recently instituted a CLE requirement .
FYI
Marc , I agree completely and don't have any legal reason not to send the form of L/C we would require . Unfortunately , given the nature of this transaction we can't use our standard form but will have to beef it up a bit . Let me know if you're ready to send that and I'll get started on it right away - shouldn't take more than a day or so to get it ready . Mark
Marc , Here's a draft reply to your latest e-mail , which I would send to all those copied on your note to me . What do you think ? Marc , We have sought , and paid for , advice from Indian counsel concerning commodity derivative transactions with Indian counterparites . We have had that advice updated and confirmed in connection with this proposed transaction . The result of that advice is that we will require an opinion from DPC's outside counsel that the proposed transaction is enforceable against DPC before the transaction can proceed . While I have no legal objection to sending a form of L/C that would be acceptable to us , it doesn't make much sense to go through the exercise if DPC will not be providing the necessary opinions . Mark
Debbie: I think we should probably do a special form for this particular transaction . I've left a voice-mail to Marc to that effect . There are several issues here that don't exist in our run-of-the-mill deals that should be covered in the L/C language . Mark
In light of the rising frequency of human-grizzly bear conflicts , the Montana Department of Fish and Game is advising hikers , hunters , and fishermen to take extra precautions and keep alert of bears while in the field . We advise that outdoorsmen wear noisy little bells on their clothing , so as not to startle bears that aren't expecting them . We also advise outdoorsmen to carry pepper spray with them in case of an encounter with a bear . It is also a good idea to watch out for fresh signs of bear activity . Outdoorsmen should recognize the difference between black bear and grizzly bear dung . Black bear dung is smaller and contains lots of berries and squirrel fur . Grizzly bear dung has little bells in it and smells like pepper . You guys around this weekend ?
We have asked for a legal opinion from the counterparty's Indian counsel but have not received it yet . That's the reason I'd like to do a special form of L/C - we need to add some language that indicates enforceability of the underlying agreement is not a prerequisite to a draw .
Marc - I know Bill well - give me a call ( 713)853-7459 . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Hmmm , interesting question . Most of the guys I've interviewed have gotten dressed up even on casual days , but then we're pretty causal every day so it's hard to tell . I don't think he'd mind if you called to ask . That department is a little dressier than my area ( they actually wear ties most of the time Mon - Thurs ) but I think Friday is pretty casual there - and you have a pretty good excuse . It might depend on who else ( if anyone ) you'll be seeing . The reason they get dressed up so much is that one of the senior guys ( don't know which one , but can find out if you want ) on that floor is always in a suit & tie . If you're also talking to him it might make sense to bring a change of clothes and use a stall after the interview .
Sorry for the delay - we won't be able to go with you tomorrow night - hope you have fun anyway ! Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Dan - I left you a voice mail about this contract . Can you let me know who the best person would be to review one of these for Brent ? Thanks , Mark
The report of my absence is premature - I will be in our South American offices Mon . - Thurs . of next week but am in the office in Houston all of this week . I am also not aware of any memoranda on point . I have seen the issue addressed in an off-hand way in one or more articles ( not really legal analysis ) and will keep my eyes open for those . The bottom line is usually that insurance requires an actual loss and proof of that loss before a claim can be made on the insurance while in the case of the derivative , no loss needs to be shown , only the actual weather conditions described in the agreement . Mark
Robert: Actually , I will be out of the office Mon - Wed of next week . Tana is expecting you and will be able to get you started on the swap training program . You will probably need to give her name at the receptionist in the lobby - her extension is x33399 . If she isn't around , Jan Dobernecker ( x33427 ) will at least be able to get you in the building . Your office will be EB3847 and your phone number will be ( 713)853-6121 . Have a good flight ! Mark
Note Chicago - Hong Kong rtn for $475 .
I will be participating , possibly with Brent Hendry ( Brent - are you available?) , from Buenos Aires . Will we need to set up a conference call so that both London and B.A . can be connected ? It's also possible that Martin will be back in Oslo by then . I'm not sure what his plans are re participating . Regarding the agenda , I would appreciate an update from someone on the internet trading plans in Europe . In particular , I'm wondering if there are enforceability/statute of frauds type issues in Europe like we might face here and what research has been done to date in that area . Since at least one of us will be on the line from Argentina , we might do a quick update on some of the significant problems we are having with the regulators there . Mark
Marc , According to Houston Sidewalk the game starts at 7:30 p.m . Why don't we pick you up just before 7:00 . Let me know if that's a problem . Mark
Marc , The game starts at 7:30 . Why don't we stop by to pick you up at a little before 7:00 . Let me know if this presents any problems . Mark
FYI
Carolina , I have finally received my tickets . I will arrive at Ezeiza on United Airlines flight #761 on Sunday , March 14 at 11:15 a.m . Can you arrange to have a driver meet me at the airport ? I will be staying at the Sheraton . Thank you very much for your help . Mark
I tried dialing 8-9-0-0- and 8-9-0 right after we finished talking and neither one works . We'll have to keep hoping .
Thanks for your help - is Scott is in Houston today ? Maybe I could meet with him here . Any chance he will be back in BA by Tuesday ? ( I am scheduled to leave Tuesday night. )
1 . Jason Rose 2 . Jason appeared intelligent and poised . He was well prepared for his interview . 3 . While Jason has some legal-related experience , I wonder if a second year student might not be a better catch for us . If we don't have that as an option , I think Jason would be fine .
Thanks Nony - sounds good to me .
Here's the agreement with my changes ( I think they show up in blue) . I changed the "permit' language and one date .
Justin - How do we participate in the CEPI ? Are we providing prices to them ? Mark
FYI - I found this on the internet today: =ABB: Power Derivatives Trading In Germany Still Long Way Off [Dow Jones News Service via DowVision ?  Rcvd: Mar 18 , 05:51 AM ] By Axel Revheim OSLO ( Dow Jones)--Derivatives trading in the German electricity market won't take off until certain structural blocks in the power industry are cleared , paving the way for a spot market to develop as a first step , Jonas Kollberg , head of ABB Financial Energy told Dow Jones this week . ABB Financial Energy is a division of Swiss-Swedish engineering and construction conglomerate ABB Asea Brown Boveri Ltd . A small number of large , vertically integrated German electricity companies are effectively hindering the development of free trade - presenting a stumbling block by both owning the production of electricity and controlling the means of transmission , or grids . Currently , if a third-party wants to transport power , it must separately negotiate access and prices for each grid - an impractical arrangement for the spot market , Kollberg said . 'The advantage of the Nordic model is that you have great liquidity for derivatives based on a broadly acknowledged system price . You also have several producers creating a well-functioning spot market . I can't see how they're going to solve this in Germany . They have too many isolated ( monopolized ) grid areas,' Kollberg said . Financial power contracts like futures , forwards and other derivatives are based on an underlying reference price , often an average of spot price throughout a region or country . There won't be any power derivatives trading in Germany before an acknowledged reference price is established , he said . A Liberalized Market In Law Only The practice among German utilities of pricing electricity transmission based on the distance traveled , is a powerful barrier to trading , Kollberg said . In the fully liberalized Norwegian power market , for example , independent producers are charged fees for access to grids based on an established point system . Producers pay the same tariff , regardless of how far the electricity is transported . Germany's new energy law , in effect since April 1998 , paves the way for all German consumers to choose who supplies them with electricity . However , without clear , published grid access tariffs or a national reference price , few customers have , in reality , been able to move away from their regional supplier . No decision has been made yet as to how Germany will organize its spot market for electricity sales . The first German electricity bourse is likely to be set up in either Frankfurt , Dusseldorf , Hamburg or Leipzig . But interested parties such as the Deutsche Boerse in Frankfurt have acknowledged that a physical spot market needs to be in place before futures trading can be introduced . Nord Pool , the joint Swedish-Norwegian power exchange , recently joined up with Germany's Landesbank Sachsen Girozentrale , the Leipzig town authority and the Saxony state government to establish a power exchange in Leipzig . Using expertise gained in the Nordic market , Kjetil Knutsen at Nord Pool Consulting told Dow Jones that the plan is to develop a spot market in Germany along the lines of the Nordic model . There will be one system price for the whole of Germany , based on spot prices in the seven regions which are controlled by Germany's 'Verbund' regional transmission companies , he said . 'One can solve the spot price problem,' he said . The question isn't whether Germany will have a functioning spot market , but rather when , he said . Separation Of Producers , Grids The Key Even if Germany eventually establishes a reference price , the problem of vertical integration remains . One needs unbundling ( between producers and grids ) to open the way for competition , ABB's Kollberg said . According to ABB's own analysis , between 78% and 83% of German power transmission lines are owned and controlled by the big German power producers . As long as domestic producers have such grid control , power imports and exports from Germany won't be free , said Kollberg . Any overcapacity of French power generation could be imported to the benefit of German consumers . however , because German producers control transmission , the tendency is to shield the domestic market from competition , observers said . French electricity imports could lower prices sharply for German end-users of electricity . According to Kollberg , there's an overcapacity of 40 terawatts of electricity in France , while Germany too has an overcapacity of 31 TW .
I discussed this matter with Brent yesterday and I believe the correct title for Andrea is "Attorney" .
FYI
Hey Bob - Her name is Kartini Muljadi . I haven't done a good job of staying in touch but the last numbers I have for her are: Phone: 62-21-525-6968 Fax: 62-21-525-5561 If those don't work , you might check with Yao who has stayed in touch with one of the other lawyers in that firm . He has moved over to Enron International where he is responsible for their African legal affairs . I know he is out of town ( in Africa ) right now and unfortunately I'm not sure if his e-mail address has changed . His phone number is the same - maybe his secretary could put you in touch with him . Good luck ! Mark
P.S . - If you do get in touch with Kartini , please send her my regards . I'm pretty sure she still likes me in spite of the way Skadden's relationship with her ended .
Is this something one of your people should look at ?
Thanks Nony - looks good to me !
Scott: What would you think about the week of April 19 for Tana's visit to London ? Mark
What travel dates did you have in mind ? I think you said you wanted to leave NY for London on the evening of the 16th ( arriving Saturday morning) , but when do you want to go to NY ? Let me know & I'll give Lillie a call .
FYI
Could you guys please get in touch with Andrea Bertone in Sao Paolo & send her copies of our forms that might be useful in coming up with appropriate documentation for this transaction . Sara - you should probably discuss with her the regulatory situation and make sure we can actually do this . Brent may have some information as well . Thanks , Mark
That schedule sounds good to me .
Looks good to me .
The Inn at Little Washington sounds great but I'm afraid I won't be able to make it this time . However , as the geekiest among I consider it my duty to point out that since the millennium doesn't actually end until December 31 , 2000 , we do have next year !
Marcus: I tried unsuccessfully to reach you by telephone - the number I was give for you appears to be at some other company entirely . Please feel free to call me once you get this note to discuss further . The OMLX issue related to having the terminal of a non-US futures exchange in the US . There is a related but different issue you can discuss with Paul Simons that came up in connection with the ZUMA 2000 trading system in London . On that system , we would have been able to trade financial contracts electronically . The problem was that our counterparties were also US entities and , in some instances , trading from the US . I believe that the advice we received from Cadwalader was that if our counterparties were all outside the US we would have been able to trade on ZUMA 2000 . Of course , all of this relates to derivatives trading . If the system you have in mind will be for the physical commodities , we should include Jeff Hodge in the discussion . I have no objection to you contacting David Mitchell directly . I am copying Paul on this note since it makes sense to coordinate with him since he has already dealt with similar issues .
Oops . Mine didn't go either . I've now forwarded your message . Here's Yao's new address:
Looks good to me . There is an airport in Burbank . All the major airlines go there as well as Southwest .
Done
Is this for you ?
Mark: One issue to keep in mind regarding membership in this exchange: if there is no clearing house and the exchange is the counterparty to all transactions , who bears the liability when a third party defaults ? We certainly need to know if it is the exchange membership . If not , how is the liability limited and on whose credit would we be relying if we trade ? Mark
Justin: The mention of Statoil made me think of Norway . Alliance doesn't sound like a Norwegian entity so it's probably not an issue here , but do you think we should discourage large volume and long term multiple trades with Norwegian entities given our continuing uncertainty over netting there ? Mark
Marcus - Here is the note I sent on 3/31 . David Mitchell is definitely the right guy . Mark
I have asked Russell to add you both to his distribution list .
Attached is a first draft of a statement of our policy concerning the termination of trading contracts on the bankruptcy of a counterparty . Please give me the benefit of your comments and I will produce a further draft for Mark's review .
Buck: Here's my list of things to do on the boat . Let me know what you think weshould work on first . On Deck: Winch maintenance ( someday I,d like to install a self tailing halyard winch ) Inspect rig , adjust tension Some system needed to prevent jib sheets chafing on shrouds Check jib sheet cars Brightwork refinishing Cockpit drains should be checked for adequate flow - particularly those under the engine hatch Spreader boot needs to be reinstalled on starboard spreader Windex needs to be straightened/tightened Electronics: VHF - check Depth Sounder - not reading consistently , odd read-out Wind Speed indicator - not registering Knot Meter - paddle wheel needs to be installed Loran - operating properly ? Engine gauges - check ammeter , tach Fresh Water System: Galley faucet not working ( and sink drains very slowly ) System should be disinfected Broken hose under sink in head Check leaks around ports , probably rebed ports Interior teak oiled Stereo: Only working on one channel Install CD player
Sorry for the delay in getting this back to you . Give me a call and we can discuss in more detail . Mark P.S . - have you been watching the Horatio Hornblower movies on A&E ?
Scott: I have a call scheduled with Martin for tomorrow morning to discuss these CFTC issues . I'll let you know how it goes . I have also not forgotten your request for my view on Martin's tenure in Houston . I have mixed feelings that are difficult to put down in writing and I'm hoping we can take a few minutes in New Orleans to discuss . Mark
Sorry about the previous message ( re: bankruptcy legislation) . Please ignore .
I put a call in to Cadwalader this afternoon to see if they had someone following these bills in DC........great minds !
Martin: Mark H . has asked me to participate in another conference call scheduled for 9:00 a.m . Houston time tomorrow which will almost certainly last at least an hour and possibly more . If you think 30 minutes will be enough , I wonder if we could reschedule our call for 8:30 ( 3:30 your time) ?
As discussed .
Thank you both for the very quick turn-around . Yes , I agree and hope that OM will consent to the proposed changes . Mark T .
It worked ! Looking forwad to seeing you later this week . Mark
Becky - I will be out of town on Thurs . I may be able to participate from NY but my schedule is still up in the air . Mark Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
It has worked fine for me so far . I would prefer to continue to receive them by e-mail rather than have to go to the Intranet to get them . Mark T .
Larry: I'm not sure if you are the keeper of the Contact List , but since I received it from you I thought I should point out a couple of errors in the info . relative to me: my fax number is 713-646-3490 my email address is mtaylo1@ect.enron.com Thanks Mark
Looks good to me . Mark
Taffy - would you please add these meetings to my calendar . Thanks Mark
Hey Jeff: I just saw your email address on the Monmouth web site . I didn't realized you were at Mayer Brown . I don't even know if we've talked since I left New York ( almost 5 years ago) . I'm now in the legal department at Enron Capital & Trade Resources in Houston where my group is responsible for the legal issues in derivatives trading here . I don't get to Chicago often but if they ever send you down this way , be sure to look me up ! Mark
I was not expecting a letter from Crawford Bayley but I have dealt with them in the past so I suppose it is possible that the letter is intended for me . I have no objection to your opening the letter to determine its contents . You might wan t to wait a few days for the other Mark Taylor's reaction . Mark
Please fax the bill to me at 713-646-3490 and just put the original in the regular interoffice mail . My RC is 1157 Thanks for your help . Mark
Hey Marc - I was in New Orleans last week , NYC & DC the week before . Now back home & ready to relax a bit . Hope you guys came through the storm ok this morning . Our cars are stuck in the garage because the alley is filled with downed tree branches . I'm not even sure who to call to get it cleared out . Ted got a ride from a friend and I took a cab . Let's get together soon ! Mark
No trouble in N.O . I was there for a conference with all 300 Enron lawyers & paralegals from all around the world - it didn't seem prudent to go looking for trouble with all those Company folks wandering around the Quarter ! I just came on home Friday evening & went to bed . T . said you looked like you were having fun Friday night but didn't stay out late enough to find out how much fun.... .
FYI
Torrey: I am the lawyer in ECT legal responsible for our relationship with the NYMEX and monitoring our compliance with NYMEX position limits . Phillipe Travis tells me you may be able to help him in preparing the reports of our positions with the option delta factored in . Thanks very much for your assistance . Mark
Wow - that is one nasty looking storm out there - I wish I'd gotten in early enough to get a covered parking spot . Oh well , may sufficient hail storm damage will get me a new car ! How would you like to deal with the Astros ticets ? I have a couple of meetings scheduled but am pretty flexible today - maybe lunch time or when you're ready to leave for the day ? Just let me know . Call if you want - Mark
Mark: I am concerned about committing to the development of legal risk books using a VAR-like analysis since our attempts in this direction a couple of years ago failed ( Bob Williams and I worked on that project) . Many of the risks that were identifiable did not lend themselves to the numeric analysis so near to the commercial guys' hearts and the numbers we came up with were close to meaningless . If you want a technical example of a legal risk in our financial trading contracts , you could use either ( i ) the statute of frauds ( deals of more than one year in length may be unenforceable if the confirm isn't signed ) or ( ii ) the widespread use of multiple "Omnibus" short-form contracts for trades before a master agreement is executed ( resulting in many transactions where netting in bankruptcy has not been tested in court) . Item ( i ) could be fixed with legislation ( as it has in New York) . Item ( ii ) could be reduced if the traders/dealmakers were willing to put pressure on their customers to sign master agreements . I like the idea of emphasizing the need for buy-in from the commercial side in the contract negotiation/formation process . That buy-in needs to be at all levels and it will only happen with the line folks if they get it from the top . Mark T .
I will probably go straight to the game from here so won't leave til 6:30 or 7:00 . Why don't you give me a call this afternoon - say around 3:00 or 3:30 & we can get together .
Looks good to me . Taffy , please add this to the calendar .
Tom: I saw this on the Internet today: ARBINET COMMUNICATIONS INTRODUCES ON-LINE TRADING OF BANDWIDTH DERIVATIVES BUSINESS COMMUNICATIONS , INC. , THE WORLD'S (  BW)(CA-ARBINET-COMMUNICATIONS ) Arbinet Communications Introduces On-Line Trading of Bandwidth Derivatives Business Editors/Technology Writers world's leading trading network for telecommunications capacity , will inaugurate Internet trading of forwards and options in telecommunications bandwidth later this month . Trading in the bandwidth derivatives is being facilitated through Arbinet's access-controlled website where buyers and sellers can post prices anonymously . Execution occurs offline , subject to a screening process for credit , documentation and interoperability issues . The announcement was made at the TRA Conference , Booth No . 1004 . As a second phase of the project , Arbinet is developing a physically settled derivative product that will allow anonymous web-based execution , culminating in delivery to Arbinet switching hubs . Implementation of this product is an extension of Arbinet's physically settled minutes trading system , the Arbinet Global Forward and option derivative trading in bandwidth provides distinct advantages for clients who wish to hedge their exposure to future moves in the price of capacity . Furthermore , it provides a level playing field where even small operators can realize the pricing advantages which were , until recently , available only to large incumbent telecommunications carriers . Buyers and sellers can manage risk allowing them to better plan for the future . Sellers of the forward contract can be natural suppliers of capacity such as submarine cable operators . Buyers can be natural consumers ( e.g . Internet Service Providers and Competitive Local Exchange Carriers ) or speculators . "Arbinet aims to be the premier provider of risk-management solutions for the bandwidth market," said U . Kanad Chakrabarti , vice president of Bandwidth Trading , Arbinet . "As a non-proprietary player , we can offer impartial execution for our clients , which is important in a non-transparent and illiquid market like this." All bandwidth contracts will be posted on Arbinet's bandwidth trading site , The forward contract allows buyers and sellers to reserve transmission capacity . The option contract allows buyers and sellers to realize the optionality value present in the bandwidth market , but currently not fully priced by telecommunications players . "We provide customers with a service not offered by any other on-line trading company," said Alex Mashinsky , chairman and founder , Arbinet . "Of key importance , we don't trade for ourselves , which gives us complete objectivity in trade execution . "This new service is a natural outgrowth of our experience in trading telecom minutes on behalf of international and multinational telecommunications carriers." For more information , contact U . Kanad Chakrabarti at ( 212 ) 230-1200 or via Arbinet ( www.arbinet.com ) is the world's leading Internet trading exchange and switch-based clearing network for global telecommunications capacity . Arbinet routed over 174 million minutes for international carriers in 1998 , which it estimates represented over 80% of all exchange-traded minutes traffic for that year . The Arbinet Global Clearing Network is presently clearing and settling minutes for all types of communications companies including Internet Telephony Service Providers and major carriers . Founded in 1994 , the company has 52 employees and is headquartered in New York with offices in Tokyo , Sao Paulo , and Hong Kong . AGCN was recently awarded Internet Telephony magazine's prestigious Editor's Choice Award for 1999 . Arbinet Global Clearing Network and AGCN are trademarks of Arbinet Communications , Inc . This press release is available on the KCSA Worldwide website at www.kcsa.com CONTACT: KCSA Public Relations Worldwide , New York David Riley , 212/896-1245 E-mail: driley@kcsa.com or Chris Milligan , 212/896-1224 E-mail: cmilligan@kcsa.com or E-mail: hfeintuch@kcsa.com KEYWORD: NEW YORK CALIFORNIA INDUSTRY KEYWORD: INTERACTIVE/MULTIMEDIA/INTERNET COMPUTERS/ELECTRONICS COMED TELECOMMUNICATIONS RETAIL PRODUCT Today's News On The Net - Business Wire's full file on the Internet with Hyperlinks to your home page . URL: Copyright 1999 , Business Wire
Sorry for the delay . Here is a revised version of the certificate . My proposed changes should show up marked when you open it . Let me know if you have any questions . Mark
Suzanne: Please send an e-mail to all of the lawyers and paralegals in the ECT Legal Dept . asking them to reserve the conference dates and asking them to let you know their t-shirt sizes . Once you have everyone's t-shirt sizes , please give the list to Dan . Thanks , Mark
I think we are doing Hawaiian shirts - we just don't want everyone to know yet . Yes - please include all the offices - also include Singapore & Buenos Aires . Tana will let you know which people in the London office will be coming .
Mark - I think you are right - this is no doubt the best we can do . Let's go ahead and take care of execution . Thanks very much for all your help . Mark
Let me add my thanks for your willingness to sign these things for us . The guys in London never think about lining up a signatory in Houston ahead of time who might actually know something about what they're signing and why they're signing it . Any chance you'll be in NY Monday night ? I'm taking a few people to dinner & you might enjoy it . Mark
Scott: It's great to see a senior commercial person take an interest in our issues ! Any chance this can be videotaped so we can see it here ? Mark T .
I found this on our intranet site:
Just a note to let you know I will have to miss our meeting on Tuesday - I will not be back from New York until around noon .
Any chance you can think abot this a bit for our Monday meeting ?
FYI
Janice: Sorry for the delay in getting back to you - Elizabeth is now working in the power trading area and Sara has been out of town . I agree with you that the letter seems harmless enough and I wouldn't blame the commercial folks for being upset if it looks like GS is trying to do and end-around on the process . Yes - let's send it and get an opportunity to participate in offering the products . Mark
Any seats left for the sushi demo ? If so , I'd like to attend .
Looks good to me .
Hey Buck - How've you been ? I assume business has been good since I haven't heard from you lately . Don't forget to send me a bill for the work you did on the boat last month..... . Mark
Ken: I thought you might be interested in the attachment . Mark
Those should be paid like his regular expenses . Please let me know if someone raises an objection . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
No problem .
Yes , I think that's how it's supposed to be . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
I approved an access request for this that came through yesterday . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
FYI: One of our legal consultants has mentioned that another of his clients is setting up an internet derivatives trading system . They are using an outfit called Intuitive Products International based in New York and London to assist with system design . Tana Jones ( x33399 ) will be setting up a demo by these folks with our legal department needs in mind - if you'd like to attend , we'd be happy to have you and ask them to expand their presentation to include internet trading .
I'm looking for an article that appeared on page 12 of the May 17 issue of Investment Dealers' Digest entitled "CFTC contacts Blackbird , which reignites debate." Mark Taylor
Does the proposed reorg now contemplate that a US entity will act as principal for financial transactions ?
Christian , I'm afraid you may have your centuries confused relative to Nelson and the Armada . The "Spanish Armada" of fame was a fleet dispatched by Philip II of Spain to invade England in the late 16th century - it was during Elizabeth I's reign and I have some vague recollection that Mary , Queen of Scots had something to do with encouraging Philip before she was executed . The Armada was defeated in a series of battles ( and by some very bad weather ) around the English Channel . Nelson didn't sail til the 18th century . Of course , the English and the Spanish had been going at it off and on the entire time and you'd have to say "on" in the early 1800's when Nelson "broke the enemy line" at the battle of Trafalgar . I believe that was during a time when the Spanish were allies of Napoleon - whether by choice or under duress I couldn't say - and the enemy fleet was a combined French/Spanish fleet . The battle is named after Cape Trafalgar in southern Spain . I'm pretty sure it's somewhere between Cadiz and Gibraltar so your gut feeling is right - I don't see it on the map either & wonder if it has a different name in Spanish . Will you be going to that part of Spain[Andalusia?] ? The English victory has in common with the Armada battle of a bit over 200 years earlier that it ended any hopes held by the enemy of imminent invasion of Britain . As far as the policy question goes , you are remembering what I always referred to as the "trading policy" but is officially referred to as the "Risk Management Policy." It most definitely covers Portland trading operations . I haven't been as involved in that policy for the last couple of years as I was back when MEH was chief control officer . Ted Murphy now has responsibility for maintaining and enforcing the policy . I don't have a current version but will ask Ted for one . Mark
FYI: Alex Mashinsky of ARBINET will be speaking on "Commoditising Telecoms: The Development of a Spot Market for International Telecoms Trading" at
I will be in New York on June 17 & 18 .
Regarding Louise's second paragraph , I guess I had always assumed there would be different governing law provisions at a minimum - and dispute resolution fits similarly - with parties in various jurisdictions . Any thoughts ?
Just a thought: I'm assuming it will be too difficult to build in customized credit provisions on a counterparty by counterparty basis on-line - but if there are master agreements in place , the credit provisions contained in them would apply to on-line trades . The availability of the on-line system may therefore encourage more master agreements since the Credit Dept . will limit a counterparty's trading volume until credit terms can be imposed .
Here is another services agreement - this one used as a form by EES .
I have not yet had a chance to read this but thought I should pass it along asap .
Justin , I note that the ETA has been revised to include a paragraph which provides that Enron's electronic records will prevail over a signed confirmation . Is that how we want this to work ? In the telephone trading context we assume that the executed confirmation will control over the oral conversation , even when we have a recording of the conversation . Mark
Sorry - I'll be in NYC that weekend and I believe that's T's big swim meet in Atlanta . But thanks for the offer !
I'm not sure whether to feel sorry for you or not - can't wait to hear the details Yes , it was a fun weekend - we were in Austin . T . swimming at the Lake and I stayed around the hotel using the gym and getting a massage . Good food , too . The only downer was the drive .
Our meeting for this morning will have to be canceled due to scheduling conflicts . Please make every effort to reserve this time slot ( first and third Wednesdays at 10:00 ) in the future for our group meetings .
Richard Sanders has asked us to revise the arbitration language in our forms - including the Omnibus Annex A . Please give some thought to whether there are any other revisions we should make at this time . We make every effort to minimize the frequency with which we change the Annex ( it has only been changed once since its inception ) so it is important that we get as many necessary changes made at this time as possible . Mark
I currently have a 28800 modem but would like to get the fastest ( within reason ) modem we have available for a Compaq LTE 5280 . Please let me know if this is the kind of thing I can get by Friday since I leave for London Friday afternoon and would like to take the computer ( complete with modem ) with me . If the new modem is not available in that time frame , I at least need a new pigtail for the existing card since the old one is broken . Thanks and please charge 413/1157 . Mark Taylor
The current versions are all the way at the bottom .
Here is the current version . The numbers on the Annex have been deleted .
Hey Tim - Thanks for the note - I needed a smile today . I've been extremely busy and am leaving this afternoon for another trip to our London office . Were you able to make any headway with the Bank regarding the NY house ? I just wondered if Greg had been able to help at all . Mark
One more try..... .
One more try..... .
Hi Marc - I just got back from London last night . Looks like our IT people found out about this yesterday too - don't know if it hit us or not but they made everybody log off & back on again during the day yesterday - I'm assuming that was to install a new virus shield . Didn't affect me since I wasn't here anyway . How've you been ?
Has Louise mentioned anything about this to you ? What are we supposed to do with it ?
We're home this weekend - might go sailing ( you're welcome to come if you want ) but nothing big planned . I'm in NYC next Wed - Sun. , T's in a swim meet in Atlanta next weekend , NYC after that . Nothing planned for the 26/27 weekend & still toying with the idea of Seattle for the 4th .
Here's a very rough draft of a set of slides we might use . Let me know if this is even close to what you have in mind . I can have one of our paralegals and our graphics dept . fill in whatever we need and make it look good tomorrow . Mark
Attached is the form of schedule to the 1992 ISDA Master Agreement we use for purely financial transactions - swaps and options . There are a large number of choices and variables to consider in these documents and usually whenever an Enron company begins financial trading in a new jurisdiction we work with local counsel to adapt the form and then handle most of the drafting and negotiating from here . To the extent you are interested in using ISDA Master Agreements , we will be happy to continue in the same way . I'm not sure they will be much help in constructing the type of physical commodity agreements I suspect you need . If you need the printed form of the ISDA Master that the schedule relates to , let me know and I can have it faxed to you . When the transaction is physical , even if there is an embedded swap or option of some kind , we use physical commodity contracts which vary widely from commodity to commodity . I will ask Elizabeth Sager to send you some sample electricity forms and Jeff Hodge or Dan Hyvl to send some natural gas forms . In a trading context , since Enron may be on either side of one or more transactions with the same counterparty , the forms are drafted in a bilateral fashion ( basically we only ask for thing we are willing to give) . If your situation is different ( e.g . our transactions with one party involve only the purchase of fuel and with another party only selling electricity , dramatic changes to these forms might be in order . With regard to loan/finance transactions , I am not at all familiar with forms they use and in fact those transactions may be individualized to the extent that they don't even use forms as such . I will ask Julia Murray to contact you or have one of the people in her group get in touch with you to talk about those types of transactions . Unfortunately , I don't know of an electronic table of contents to the forms . There is a project underway to create a forms database but it is in the very early stages of thought .
I don't remember if I talked to you about this last month or not . If not , would you mind giving Brent a hand with his broker agreement ?
I've been working the whole time - no vacation or sick time to report .
Here's a revised draft .
Alison: Kevin & I are putting the final touches on our presentation - will we be able to have a projector for a computer/powerpoint presentation ? Mark
Yes , we would like to use the PowerPoint presentation . Sorry for the last minute request . If it's a big problem , I might be able to get our graphics dept . to turn it into 35mm slides . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
I have my Wine Country book here at the office today but don't know where to send it - if you're in Houston I can have a messenger bring it to you . Mark
Here are the powerpoint slides for our presentation tomorrow . Kevin should be sending you some additional pages that are not part of the slides but that we would like to hand out . See you tomorrow ! Mark
Sylvia: I have been unable to reach either Jeff Keeler or Maureen McVicker to talk about this today . I'm a little worried about who is handling the Commissioner's itinerary at this point and I don't know if anyone has reserved a conference room for the 2:30 meeting . Fred Lagrasta is now also supposed to attend and will have a short presentation to make ( I don't know if he needs any audio/visual equipment) . Can you check on this - maybe somebody else in Jeff Keeler's , Steve Kean's , or maybe even Ken Rice's office will know where this is supposed to take place ? It is entirely possible that no one has reserved a room yet . If you could do that and then let the attendees know where it will be , I'd appreciate it . Unfortunately , I'm on my way out to the airport now and can't take care of this myself . Thanks for your help ! Mark T .
Jeff: In preparation for his meetings with Commissioner Newsome and Congressman Stenholm , Mark H . has asked for information including a bullet point list of our key issues and any appropriate background material . I have prepared a draft issues list which is attached . Would you please take a quick look at it and see if there is anything you think should be added and then forward it on to Mark ? He probably also needs the final itineraries . Thanks for your help . Mark T .
I hope ours looks better than this:
sorry about that - misdirected to you .
could you please look into this ?
I can certainly be available for a portion of that time - can you tell me the purpose of the call ?
I think the answers will be the same for Stockholm - i.e . as long as we are not giving advice with respect to futures contracts ( valuations or trading advice ) or handling customer funds there should not be any Commodity Exchange Act issues .
Elizabeth Sager , who is responsible for power trading documentation in North America and was in large part responsible for drafting the Industrial Master several years ago , is reviewing the proposed form . She will have comments for us by Monday morning , Houston time .
You might find the attached of interest . I fear it is time to consider the S&C memorandum we discussed at our first meeting in New York .
There will need to be confirmation templates for the internet-generated transactions that are slightly different from templates now used for telephone-generated transactions - Legal will have to give the confirm desk the necessary language . This is not the GTC issue you and I discussed the other day - rather , I think the question is How will the internet-generated trade information reach the confirm desk and how will they know to use the internet trading language in the confirm they generate ?
I see what you mean - the GTC's get attached to the confirms when they are sent out so the confirm desk needs to know which ones to attach if they are different .
Very good question - while you don't need to worry about otc swaps , otc options might be a problem . However , if the customer is not a US entity , the advice is all given outside the US and does not relate to US futures or options , we feel reasonably comfortable that the risk is quite low that there would be a problem .
Looks good to me !
I don't know why any of my time would be charged in this way . Maybe if you can give me a little more detail I could help .
Ken: I have no idea how any of my time would have been charged to an Africa project . Of course , I have no idea how any of my time gets charged to any project so my ignorance shouldn't be used as a guide . In any event , if it is my time , it is clearly there in error . Is there any detail describing what I am supposed to have done during those hours ? That might help me redirect the errant time to where it belongs . There used to be another Mark E . Taylor at Enron . He worked for EI and was based in London . Any chance this is his time ? Mark
Have a good time !
No problem - I'm glad we go it straightened out . Do you do any work with Yao Apasu in Legal ? Yao & I go way back .
FYI
Please take a few minutes to select your reviewers for the mid-year performance review process and enter them in the Performance Management System so that we can move this process along . Thanks ! Mark
We are trying to decide what to do this weekend and wondered ( with fond memories of last year in mind ) what you guys had planned.... .
I would be interested in your thoughts .
We think the HoustonStreet disclaimer is not just overkill but entirely unnecessary . And I plan to remind all of you of this the next time you claim the Enron lawyers are too conservative !
I have canceled my earlier plans so I have a lot of flexibility now . If my preference enters into the equation , I would say 2 or 6 August would be perfect ( I could tack a holiday on to one end or the other ) but I recognize that may be too late .
I don't think we should take this at face value - company the size of Sunoco should be able to use an ISDA .
Looks good to me .
I'm not sure if this document was one of the ones we sent to you earlier but it may be useful to have around .
I'm not sure if you guys have seen this before or not . Lousie seems to think that you are preparing the U.S . version of this .
Don't worry about the delay - if you want to wait til later next week that's fine by me .
I had the pre-review meeting on my calendar for the 16th ( 10:00 ) and the final meeting for the 30th ( 1:30) . Has one of them changed ? Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Swiss Atel Starts Electricity Derivative Trading Co Dow Jones International News ( Copyright ( c ) 1999 , Dow Jones & Company , Inc. ) ZURICH ( Dow Jones)--Aare-Tessin AG ( Z.AAR) , the Swiss power company known as Atel , said Thursday that it has set up a company for derivatives trading . Atel said it's launching the new company , derivAtel , amid the deregulation of Europe's electricity markets . "In this manner the market position of Atel will be strengthened," Atel said in a press release . The company will offer derivatives to hedge volatile electricity prices . Atel said it received permission for derivative trading from the Federal Banking Commission on July ( END ) Dow Jones Newswires 08-07-99
All Delaware corporations are registered with the Secretary of State's office in Wilmington , Delaware . Since that office is notoriously slow , if your counterparty is trying to get information on ECTRIC they might have better luck going through CT Corporation Systems , a company that is in the business of dealing with corporate information and issues which has access to the Delaware state records . They have offices all over the place , including Wilmington . Hope this is helpful . Mark Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . - Europe
My apologies for the late notice in requesting your performance review for David Portz . He was incorrectly listed in the system as an employee under my supervision and I didn't see his suggested reviewer list until today .
Looks good to me .
It turns out that quite a bit has been happening without us so we may be inundated with information over the next day or so . Let me know if the message below does not come through in color since it will be difficult to decipher . Louise is quite anxious to finalize the ETA , PA and Read-only PA and I explained that we were still waiting for the proposed changes from London . Knowing Louise I have a feeling we may see that stuff soon . Since we seem to be a bit behind schedule , Louise agreed that an all-hands legal meeting next week might be premature and she is contacting the London team to discuss scheduling . I'll let you know as soon as I have anything more to report on the calendar . Mark
From the NYT article: The business that Thomas D . Gros is building for Enron remains untested . But his entire career seems to have been aimed at the opportunity . He studied aerospace engineering , worked as an analyst for the Central Intelligence Agency , earned an M.B.A . and set up a natural-gas trading operation -- competing against Enron -- for British Petroleum . He also did a stint on Wall Street with Chemical Bank .
Here are the most recent versions from Clifford Chance . They were sent to Sullivan & Cromwell yesterday to be "Americanized" and are still drafts with a number of open issues yet to be resolved - so we can easily make changes as necessary to solve issues you may raise . The PA = Password Application - to be signed by counterparty & sent to us before a password is issued . The ETA = Electronic Trading Agreement - to be agreed to online before trading is permitted . The ROETA = Read Only ETA - to be agreed to online by persons wishing access to the site to view but not trade ( probably misnamed - should be ROPA or something that doesn't sound like they'll be able to trade) .
This is the e-mail I mentioned yesterday . It is not exactly what had been described to me and I do have concerns with it . My preference would be to limit the clause to the providing of letters of credit whenever we ask ( as opposed to any security in form and from a provider satisfactory to us) . I understand that London legal was doing some tinkering with the language but I haven't seen anything from them yet . Let's discuss .
I will be handling the derivatives side of the ETOL transaction this time so future communications should probably come to me directly . I will be reviewing the ISDA draft this weekend and it would be helpful if I could get some sort of description of the overall transaction . Is there a term sheet or executive summary of the deal ? If so , my fax # is ( 713)646-3490 .
Thanks for your note . Yes , I am available for the call and have asked Sullivan & Cromwell to have someone available as well . As soon as the time is firm , I will be able to let you know who at S&C to call .
Unfortunately , I already have a meeting from 11 to 1 Houston time . I'm free from 9:45 to 11 and then after 1 .
Marc: I want to go but T doesn't ( the photo of the cast not up to T's high standards ) so I'm afraid we won't be joining you . Thanks for the invite - maybe dinner or drinks after or Sat. ?
That sounds like fun - what did you do last month ?
Any preference ?
This looks a lot better to me . What do you guys think ?
Sorry - I got the address wrong yesterday .
I've gone back through the ISDA Credit Support Annex and the "green book" and my conclusion is that unless we modify the standard form , we have to give an Independent Amount back to the counterparty when we go out of the money far enough ( note that the definition of Exposure results in a negative number when we are out of the money reducing the Credit Support Amount below the Independent Amount) . The theory there is that as the market moves against us , we are cushioned by our "out-of-the-moneyness" and will be able to ask for support as the market moves back in our favor before we are actually in the money . I'm afraid that Credit has been operating under the assumption that we get to keep Independent Amounts until the Transaction terminates . We need to set up a system with Credit so we all know what is meant on the credit work sheets -- i.e . whether a cushion or up-front amount should be given back to the counterparty as we go out of the money or not ( maybe the paralegals can suggest something?) . I suggest we add the following language ( taken from the green book ) when we are using Paragraph 13 and Credit tells us they don't want to have to give the cushion amount back , no matter how far we go out of the money: "Credit Support Amount" will mean the higher of ( i ) the amount calculated as provided in the definition of that term in Paragraph 3(b ) and ( ii ) the sum of the Pledgor's Independent Amounts . I will modify the Force Energy document to include it and , unless you would like to suggest alternative language , ask Tana to add it to our list of alternatives for Paragraph 13 .
FYI
Dan , Thanks for the drafts . I believe our only comment comes from our confirmation desk that the Commodity Reference Price in Enron3.doc should be "OIL - WTI - NYMEX" . Give me a call ( 713-853-7459 ) if you have any questions . Mark Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
I don't have a problem with Brent being our primary contact there .
One day a cat dies of natural causes and goes to Heaven . There he meets the Lord himself . The Lord says to the cat , "You lived a good life and if there is anyway I can make your stay in Heaven more comfortable , please let Me know." The cat thinks for a moment and says , "Lord , all my life I have lived with a poor family and had to sleep on a hard wooden floor." The Lord stops the cat and says , "Say no more," and a wonderful fluffy pillow appears . A few days later six mice are killed in a tragic farming accident and go to Heaven . Again the Lord is there to greet them with the same offer . The mice answer , "All of our lives we have been chased . We have had to run from cats , dogs , and even women with brooms . Running , running , running; we're tired of running . Do you think we could have roller skates so we don't have to run anymore?" The Lord says , "Say no more," and fits each mouse with beautiful new roller skates . About a week later the Lord stops by to see the cat and finds him in a deep sleep on the pillow . The Lord gently wakes the cat and asks him how was he doing . The cat replies better than I could have ever expected . And those Meals on Wheels you've been sending by are theeeeeeee best!!!"
Here is the draft form for the US derivatives GTC .
I think this is the most recent version of the ETA . Obviously , this is the UK version and Sullivan & Cromwell are turning it into a US document . The US version will be governed by NY law and contain an arbitration clause . We're also trying to figure out how much to say about the confirmation process since it may vary from product to product and will almost certainly be different from the UK version . Speaking of which , I was surprised to find that they have the telephone conversation ( and in this case the web site records ) control over a confirmation which has been signed by both parties . What's the practice in your part of the world ? One alternative is to insert the language ( or something like it ) that we use in financial trading which says that we will send a written confirm , gives the counterparty a short time ( 2 or 3 days ) to respond and indicates that silence will be deemed acceptance . Would that work for your deals ? Anyway , I'm in NY today and tomorrow , back in the office on Wed . Louise is insistent that the GTC's be available to be uploaded this weekend . I'll be calling in periodically tomorrow and will try to get you since I'm sure you will have issues to discuss - and now is the right time to get changes made to the ETA if necessary .
Taffy - the airline called to say I have to leave a day earlier on my vacation ( isn't that too bad) . Could you please add Friday the 27th of August to my vacation on the calendar .
Have you heard anything about this ? I can't get into this on the internet from here but will certainly check into it when I get back .
I particularly like the grand prize winner .
sorry - sent that last one by mistake
Here are the most recent versions of the US documents .
Here is a revised version of my draft GTC's for derivatives transactions ( I think marked from the draft I left with you) . Any comments or suggestions ? I've promised these to Louise by Friday . Thanks , Mark
Thanks Harry - yours are the first North American GTC's in !
Louise Kitchen will be in my office ( EB3889 ) this afternoon at around 3:00 to answer any last minute questions you may have in preparing your online GTC's . Mark
Are we inviting London ?
My apologies for any confusion resulting from my e-mail yesterday . While the GTC's must be finished this morning , Legal's revisions to the short and long descriptions are not due until Friday August 6 . I think it would make sense for us all to get together to discuss how these work early next week . I will ask Taffy to set something up . Mark
Here are my revised versions - I look forward to your comments .
Here are the contract forms which I delivered in hardcopy this afternoon .
Louise , I hope you had a pleasant weekend in N.O . If you have a few minutes to spare , I'd like to get together with you this afternoon to talk about the weather deal documentation . As I tried to draft up the standard GTC's I realized there are more variables in these transactions than are currently listed in the short & long description lists . Mark
I will be there . FYI
Can you handle this ?
FYI
Here is the spreadsheet which lists all of the existing counterparties proposed to receive access to the online trading system . Louise has asked us to identify for each counterparty those products from which , for legal reasons , such counterparty should be restricted . As you might expect , our goal is to have as few restrictions as possible . Since it is so wide , you may find that it is easier to modify the spreadsheet ( by hiding various columns ) in order to print it out . If you need any help in this regard , please let me know .
I understand that you may be in the Houston office at some point this week . If so , I would like to get a few minutes on your schedule to talk about South American Legal staffing issues . Could you give me a call ( 713-853-7459 ) or drop me an e-mail with what might work for you ? If you are not actually in the office but have some time to talk on the phone , that would work too . Thanks , Mark
As yourequested .
Digital Frontiers Calif . Says Digitally Signed Broker Contracts Are Valid American Banker Page 12 Copyright ( c ) 1999 American Banker , Inc . All Rights Reserved . A new California law opens the door for brokerages to conduct most , if not all , of their business in cyberspace . The legislation , which applies only to broker-dealers , validates brokerage contracts that are digitally signed . Though Internet brokerages routinely accept trading orders on-line , most require customers to enroll and order account transfers by sending in paper documents . The law makes such paperwork no longer necessary . Digital signatures-a derivative of data encryption technology that binds customer identities to documents-are seen as a way to "legalize" on-line exchanges of information . The California legislation , which California Governor Gray Davis signed into law last week , "gives people some certainty that these contracts are enforceable," said Thomas J . Smedinghoff , a partner in the Chicago law firm McBride Baker & Coles and a leading authority on digital signatures . He added , however , that the law's specific definition of a digital signature could limit the flexibility of its application as the technology evolves . Certainty about the validity of digital credentials is especially important to securities brokers , because securities transactions are typically much bigger than merchandise transactions on the Internet , said Christopher Musto , a senior analyst at Gomez Advisors Inc . in Concord , Mass . E-Trade Group Inc. , the Menlo Park , Calif . on-line broker , pushed for the California bill , bringing the issue to the attention of state Sen . John Vasconcellos , a Democrat from San Jose . Sen . Vasconcellos introduced the proposal in February , and it passed the Senate July 15 . San Francisco-based Charles Schwab Corp. , the leading Internet brokerage , also offered input on the law's definition of a digital signature , according to Sen . Vasconcellos' chief of staff , Rand Martin . Schwab has focused its legislative efforts more on the federal level , however , a spokesman for the company said . "This action is a step in the right direction," the spokesman said . "But the real objective would be to get national legislation that creates uniformity regarding the use of digital signatures." E-Trade said in a news release that the new law would apply to its transactions with customers in all 50 states , but the Schwab spokesman said its applicability beyond California is "murky." E-Trade did not respond to calls seeking elaboration on how it sees the law applying across the country . Mr . Smedinghoff , chairman of the American Bar Association's electronic commerce division , said the only way the law would have broader applicability is if a broker stipulated that a contract was governed by the laws of California . Legislation on digital signatures varies from state to state . For example , Connecticut law covers only medical records at hospitals , while Illinois makes electronic signatures applicable to all communications . In 1995 California became one of the early adopters of digital signature legislation , but that legislation was limited to communication with government agencies . Utah is often cited as the country's digital signature pacesetter , with a comprehensive law that preceded California's in 1995 and resulted in the pioneering designation of Digital Signature Trust Co. , a Zions Bancorp . subsidiary , as a licensed certificate authority . To bring consistency at the federal level , Sen . Spencer Abraham ( R-Mich. ) this year introduced two bills addressing the issue . The Millennium Digital Commerce Act sets out to clarify the legal status of electronic signatures in general , while the Electronic Securities Transaction Act focuses on the securities industry . Contact:
Alan Aronowitz's group is handling actual bandwidth . If it ever becomes financially traded , we will treat it like any other derivative .
I'm looking forward to seeing you Friday night . I'll bring along some sailing info . but thought I'd let you know now what we've got in mind . Dan & Jamie are lined up so if you guys are still interested there would be 6 of us . We have gotten a quote for a relatively new 46' sailboat in the British Virgin Islands for the week of Thanksgiving . We'd fly down there on Saturday the 20th , pick up the boat the next day and return either Saturday the 27th or Sunday the 28th . [The return date is still under discussion - so far we have ( i ) Jamie who wants to fly Saturday so we have a day at home before going back to work , ( ii ) Mark who likes to spend as much time on the boat as possible so wants to come back Sun. , and ( iii ) Ted who when he heard the question said "Let's start back Saturday and spend the night in South Beach!"] The charter company is the Moorings ( their website is www.moorings.com ) and the specific boat we reserved is called a Moorings 463 . You can see a floor plan and photos on the web but the boat has three separate double cabins each of which has its own bathroom . Each day's schedule is usually pretty flexible - get up whenever ( I seem to remember Jamie getting up pretty early & making coffee) , have breakfast on the boat , decide where to go and sail off to the next island we've picked out , maybe stopping at one or two interesting looking spots on the way , maybe not . Maybe stopping for lunch somewhere , maybe making sandwiches while we sail and maybe waiting for lunch til we stop for the day . Most days we only actually sail for a few hours and are anchored in a little bay by 2 or 3:00 and spend the afternoon swimming ( Ted's favorite) , snorkeling ( the masks , etc . come with the boat) , hiking on shore , exploring the coastline in the dinghy or sitting around on the boat or beach reading , chatting , napping or whatever ( my favorite) . There's a CD player and we listen to a variety of music - luckily Ted has so far been able to restrain his heavy metal proclivity for the duration of the trip . If you scuba dive there are dive companies that will come meet the boat and take you on a dive trip - there is at least one really good wreck dive ( in 70 - 90' ) in the BVI . If you want to learn to dive , you can take the classroom and swimming pool instruction in NYC and do your certification dives in the BVI ( Dan & Jamie might be diving , Ted & I probably won't) . Sunsets are often spectacular and signal cocktail hour for me . There's usually at least one restaurant on shore in most of these anchorages where we go for dinner but the charter company stocks the boat with food ( there's a fridge , stove & bbq grill on the boat ) and as you might guess Dan and Jamie are pretty good cooks so we can always eat on board if we don' feel like going ashore . While no one is excluded from any activities and everyone can participate in planning the itinerary , we don't always do everything together , either . Everybody usually pitches in and shares what work ( cooking , cleaning up , sailing stuff ) there is , although if only from our keen sense of self-preservation you and Ted probably wouldn't be expected to cook . In the past Jamie has been the only smoker and he has invariably confined his habit to the downwind portion of the deck . As for $ , the boat , provisioning ( food on board for breakfast lunch and a few dinners) , taxes , airport transfers and a hotel room for the first night we get there all comes to about $760 per person . Extras include drinks ( only fair since you and Jamie won't be imbibing as much as the rest of us ) and any dinners ashore and of course the dreaded airfare . I've tentatively got flights for you ( through the boat company ) that come to $544 per person , though if we decide to come back on Saturday that might go down . Ted & I usually try to see if there is some way to use frequent flyer miles but we're not always successful . It's such a popular week to sail we need to decide pretty soon so we can put a deposit down - the boat is not actually reserved until we do . I'd better stop & send this - it's turned out to be a good bit longer than I intended but I get carried away sometimes when I daydream about sailing ! Check out the website & let me know if you have any questions .
Sorry about all these - it looks like people who don't know my address are just guessing and they get you instead . I'd appreciate it if you could forward them on to me when they come to you - I'll let the sendersknow the correct address as I get them and hopefully that should cut down the number going forward . Mark
Let's add this as an agenda item to discuss when Sara and I are there .
Just to give you an idea of the kinds of things Brent and Andrea are working on .
Please do a card for my rolodex . Thanks
Marcus: When we were in New Orleans I mentioned that I might be planning a holiday in Germany - well , I've finally gotten around to scheduling it . I'm flying into Munich on the 27th and leaving from Amsterdam September 9 . If you are going to be in the office next Monday or Tuesday ( when I'll be in the London office) , I'd really appreciate a few minutes of your time to get whatever suggestions you would like to make . If you will be out next week , maybe we could chat by phone tomorrow or Friday . Thanks ! Mark
I spoke with Bill about this and he agreed it was a good idea .
In order to complete the approved list of counterparties fo the new online trading system I need a list of master agreements you have negotiated that do not have all the necessary representations ( e.g . trade option exemption ) and definition references to permit trading energy commodity derivatives . Friday noon would be soon enough . Thanks , Mark
This might be good for you to go to .
Please print this out for me .
Laurel: Apologies for my delay in responding to you . Carol St . Clair is helping me with this transaction now . She will get back to you on the confirms . Please copy her on future e-mails . Mark
If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs , it's just possible you haven't fully grasped the situation .
I'm off to London tomorrow ( after a stopover day in NYC and back next Wed. ) but T will be around all weekend . Are you guys here or traveling again ?
I will not be available for the call on Friday .
I like to leave for London at least a day earlier than absolutely necessary so I have a day to get adjusted to the time change - otherwise you get off the plane and go straight to the office ( with a shower on the way if you're lucky ) and I'm exhausted at that point . I don't ever sleep well on the plane . This time I'm leaving on Friday afternoon to stop in NY for a party Friday night and then leaving for London from there on Sat . night . Since the company pays for business class , there's no savings for going over the weekend . I could get a free companion ticket for T but he's never been able to get off work at the same time I have to go . The rest of our August is a bit hectic , too . Next weekend T has a swim meet in San Francisco and I leave that Mon . night to spend the rest of the week in S . America . The following weekend we had tentatively set a trip to Laguna Beach but I think it's been canceled for lack of funds if not just so I can catch my breath . We leave on our big trip to Europe ( Germany , Belgium & the Netherlands ) on the 26th and don't get home til 9/12 . I have to pack tonight so I think we'll pass on the film . I hope we get a chance to get together some time in the next few weeks - maybe a weeknight dinner some time since the weekends look pretty full ?
It strikes me that it would be appropriate to offer this service without the application fee and deposit to Platinum Elite members and Presidents Club members . If not , the fact that ANY spaces are being removed from the already inadequate supply will only infuriate me , not make me happy . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Thanks for the update - I can't say I'm too sorry about any delay since I haven't had a spare moment to look at them yet anyway . This project moves so fast and there's so much to do it's scary !
Do you remember negotiating any master agreements for ECT that did not contain the necessary elements for trding energy commodity derivatives ? In particular I'm thinking about things like the trade opiton exemption representations and the commodity derivatives definitions provisions .
Thanks Marcus - I'll give you a call when I'm in London next week .
Unfortunately , you have the wrong e-mail address for me . My correct address is mtaylo1@ect.enron.com .
I'm headed to South America next week . Any particular issues you think I need to be aware of or anything you want me to look into ?
Cindy - I won't be able to make the 8/17 meeting . I will be at the 8/25 meeting . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Here is the North American legal issues list I prepared for Mark . He actually called me down to ask for it yesterday ( my first day back no less) . Obviously I've kept it to just the major areas where there might be residual legal risk . He seemed satisfied enough with the format . I explained that I had mentioned his request to you and that you were working on a European version which might turn out to be somewhat longer since you have so many jurisdictions to deal with .
The Online Trading IT people have sent us a revised version of the long descriptions and a document spelling out the "rules" for how they are put together . Louise is asking for our final comments by close of business on next Wednesday ( August 18th) . Since I will be out of town then , please forward your comments and/or approvals directly to Mark Dilworth . Questions can be directed to Mark Dilworth , Marcello Romano or Louise Kitchen , all on the online trading team .
Please note that my correct e-mail address is mtaylo1@ect.enron.com .
I understand that there may be a few additional changes but these are the revisions from our meeting on Monday .
Mark H . has asked me to let him know exactly what we will be sending out on 9/13 . Would it be accurate to say it will be no more than a flashy brochure with the recently circulated content together with a blank password application all in a very exciting package of some kind ?
I'm making another business trip to Brazil - this time just to Sao Paolo . I'll be there Tuesday to Thursday of this week . Any chance you will be nearby ? I tried to arrange a meeting in Rio too but unfortunately our office there is quite small and the only people I need to see will be in Sao Paolo then . I also still get to London every once in a while . Let me know when you are there - maybe we can have dinner . Mark
Here are my draftversions of the weather GTC's . Since Enron North America will be the Enron contracting entity for all of the transactions , I have expanded the documents to allow for European as well as U.S . transactions and to allow for multiple weather station ( index ) deals or single weather station deals . The option forms work for either a put or call but that has to be specified on the web site . I think it would make sense for one of the weather commercial people to take a quick look at the forms to make sure they agree that they work . I'm hoping to sit down with Mark Dilworth in the morning to make sure the long descriptions are complete - when you look at these forms , it is clear that a number of defined terms have to be covered on the web site: Premium , Effective Date , Termination Date , Reference Weather Station(s) , Fallback Reference Weather Station(s) , Reference Basis , Reference Degrees ( C or F) , Strike Amount , Notional Amount and Maximum Payout Limit are the terms I have identified so far . Please Note - these are NOT ready to be uploaded to the system ! There are blanks for the weather agencies for the European deals - these are not referenced in the earlier UK drafts and I don't know who the appropriate agencies are . I have not spelled out the data sources for the European transactions either . Mark
Mark - Would you be available to sit down with me Monday morning ( say beginning at 10:30 ) to go over the spreadsheet ? I have quite a few comments on the financial transaction items that I was able to understand and several questions on areas I haven't yet been able to decipher . I am particularly concerned about the Weather Products generally and the Floating Prices for all financial products ( the Index tab) . If you could let me or my assistant know so I can work out my calendar for the day I'd appreciate it ( I've blocked out 2 hours but it might not take that long) . Unfortunately I'm leaving town mid-afternoon so I have to get these wrapped up . I'm at x37459 . Thanks ! Mark p.s . - It might make sense to have somebody from the Confirmation Desk come too - what do you think ?
Here is the spreadsheet with my comments to date .
The letter looks fine to me ( one typo on the last page where the "O" in EnronOnline is not capitalized) .
I have suggested that Mark Dilworth , one of the guys responsible for the web site development , schedule some time with each of you to discuss the latest Long Descriptions spreadsheet . He can walk you through exactly how it works for your commodities so you can make informed comments .
The addition of Paris is news to me so we may have to make a few extra modifications I had not anticipated . Once you get the info why don't you take a crack at making the necessary changes & let me know . It may be pretty obvious but I think I can walk you through it on the phone if it's not .
Who knows if this is true or not , but it is bizarre . Subject: Darwinian Kharma , Very weird ( A true story from Associated Press , by Kurt Westervelt ) Stick with this.....it's worth it ! This is the strangest thing I've ever heard . The series of events that had to have taken place in order for this to happen are astounding ! At the 1994 annual awards dinner given for Forensic Science , AAFS president Dr . Don Harper Mills astounded his audience with the legal complications of a bizarre death: On March 23 , 1994 , the medical examiner viewed the body of Ronald Opus and concluded that he died from a shotgun wound to the head . Mr . Opus had jumped from the top of a ten-story building intending to commit suicide . He left a note to that effect indicating his despondency . As he fell past the ninth floor his life was interrupted by a shotgun blast passing through a window which killed him instantly . Neither the shooter nor the dead man was aware that a safety net had been installed just below at the eighth floor level to protect some building workers and that Ronald Opus would not have been able to complete his suicide the way he planned . "Ordinarily," Dr . Mills continued , "A person who sets out to commit suicide and ultimately succeeds even though the mechanism might not be what he intended" is still defined as committing suicide . That Mr . Opus was shot during what would apparently have been an unsuccessful suicide attempt because of the safety net , caused the medical examiner to feel that he had a homicide on his hands . The room on the ninth floor where the shotgun blast emanated was occupied by an elderly man and his wife . They were arguing vigorously , and he was threatening her with a shotgun . The man was so upset when he pulled the trigger that he completely missed his wife and the pellets went through the window striking Mr . Opus as he passed by outside . When someone , intending to kill person "A," kills person "B" instead; someone is still guilty of murder . When confronted with a murder charge the old man and his wife were both adamant; they both said they thought the shotgun was unloaded . The old man said it was his long-standing habit to threaten his wife with the unloaded shotgun . He had no intention to murder her . Therefore , the killing of Mr . Opus appeared to be an accident; that is , the gun had been accidentally loaded . The continuing investigation turned up a witness who saw the old couple's son loading the shotgun about six weeks prior to the fatal accident . It transpired that the old lady had cut off her son's financial support and the son , knowing the propensity of his father to use the shotgun threateningly , loaded the gun with the expectation that his father would shoot his mother . The case now reverts back to one of murder on the part of the son . Now comes the final twist ! Further investigation revealed that the couple's son was in fact , Ronald Opus . He had become increasingly despondent over his failed attempt to engineer his mother's murder . This led him to jump off the ten-story building on March 23rd , only to be killed by the shotgun blast passing through the ninth floor window . The son had actually murdered himself so the medical examiner closed the case and declared it a suicide .
I won't be able to attend the forum since I am travelling but do have a suggestion that would make TAP a bit more attractive . When a traveller is placed on a "wait list" the agency should check back with the provider regularly and often to see if the wait can be cleared . If you wait for the provider to get back to you , as appears to be TAP's policy , the chances are significantly reduced since the provider will almost invariably clear the person on the phone before anyone on the list . Other agents have done this for me , I have done this for myself , and it works .
Tana - please send a copy of the Stikeman memo to Peter Keohane . Thanks ! Mark
Sorry Paige - I was in South America last week - will respond today .
Sorry for not getting back to you sooner ( I was out of town last weeek ) - unfortunately , I have a 2:00 already on my calendar but am available later . If you want to meet with Alan & Jeff first and see me afterwards , that's ok with me .
Any objection to having David Gilberg fill in for me on this ?
I'll be on vacation then - see you in September !
I see what you mean , and I can't explain the bcc - unfortunately , unless they use "mtaylo1@ect.enron.com" it doesn't get here . It must just disappear into cyberspace . Thanks for continuing to send them on . Mark
Please note that my e-mail address is mtaylo1@ect.enron.com . If you use mtaylor it goes to someone else and may or may not get forwarded to me later .
Paige - I can be more argumentative here but if it's not going to make any difference in the outcome , I don't really see the point . Let me know if you disagree . While a commodity forward contract which contains an asymmetrical default provision clearly does not have the characteristic of net settlement , we do not believe that Statement 133 is appropriately applied to any contract which requires the making and taking of delivery of a physical commodity absent a default , regardless of whether the default results in a termination payment which may be payable to the defaulting party . An event of default and resulting termination of a commodity contract can have far reaching negative implications for the defaulting party well beyond the terms of the contract itself ( e.g . damage to reputation and credit , triggering of cross-defaults , etc.) .
Mark - It looks like the new version ( that I received from Andrew last week ) does not contain the comments I had already made . Have those been lost somewhere ?
Marie - would you please check with Credit and see if you can help with this issue . Thanks , Mark
The October days are fine with me . I will be out that week in November so I'd appreciate it if you could coordinate with Sara and Shari to make sure we'll have adequate coverage .
Yes but gtc's not confirmed as complete set and long descriptions not yet reviewed .
Mike - In a word - no . We'll add it in and you don't need to worry . Mark
Could you please send Tana the list of countries from which online trading of derivatives with ECT is permissible . She is trying to complete the Counterparty spreadsheet for Louise . Thanks ! Mark
Looks good to me .
Do you want to set up a time to meet tomorrow ? How does 10 a.m . look for you ?
Fiona - Welcome to the Legal Dept. ! I think Taffy was coordinating with you regarding my dinner with Mark this week , Unfortunately , my trip was canceled at the very last minute this afternoon . Mark is already aware of the change but he may now have an open slot for dinner on Wed . I'm sorry I won't be able to meet you this week but will look forward to it on my next trip over . Mark
I'm in EB3889 .
Hey Dave ! Thanks for your note . Believe it or not , it actually is "good to be back." And thanks to Louise's timely intervention , I actually get to stay in Houston this week instead of coming over to London for the ISDA meetings . We discussed the need to have the lawyers review the long descriptions yesterday and Mark Dilworth is checking on whether or not all the lawyers actually have access to the necessary programs on their machines . He and I are meeting later this morning to talk about several of the items in your note and we have a meeting scheduled for tomorrow morning to show all the lawyers involved how to use the system to review the long descriptions . The other topics I had on my list to keep moving this week are the matching of GTC's with products and continued progress on the Counterparty spreadsheet . Harry Collins is the emissions guy . I'm assuming he'll be part of this process tomorrow and I'll ask him to take a close look at the long descriptions and how the mesh with the GTC's . Finally , I agree with you on the GTC variables issue . My plan is to ask the lawyers involved to focus on this as they review the long descriptions for which they are responsible . With me here to answer questions that may result in more progress but I'm still not convinced that's enough . I hope to be able to spend some of my own time looking at these as you have over the last couple of weeks but realistically I don't think that will happen very soon . Maybe you can help me prioritize: should I look first at areas with predicted high volume or areas where we have the least confidence in the quality of work to date ? Talk to you soon . Mark
Thanks for the itinerary . Please note that my e-mail address begins with mtaylo1 , not mtaylor ( which goes to Mitch Taylor) .
Please note that Mark Dilworth's demonstration scheduled for tomorrow morning ( 11:00 EB2601a ) will not be of the entire EnronOnline system but will focus on the portion of the system that builds the long descriptions . The system now builds the entire long description from the various elements - most of which we have already reviewed - and displays them as they will be viewed by counterparties online . It is particularly important that the lawyers responsible for the long descriptions and the GTC's attend so that we can complete the review process . If you can not attend , please let me know so we can set up a time for Mark to show you how to access the system . Thanks , Mark
Dave: One item that was left open after my meeting with Mark D . this morning was what the Index should look like and how much input we have had from the confirm desk . My inclination was that the index should be the same language that we currently use in the confirmation on the theory that the GTC taken together with the long description should result in a complete , unambiguous contract . Mark felt that the index should provide a more complete description than the short description abbreviation but that the full legal text could wait for the paper confirm . Given Mark's view as to how this field should be dealt with , it may be that the confirm desk has in fact looked at all of these and said they look fine as far as they go and has not attempted to correct them with the full legal language . Mark said he would be contacting you himself but I thought it might make sense to give you my version as well . What are your thoughts ? If you'd like to discuss , I will be in by 9:00 tomorrow but have a meeting at 10 and then the meeting with all of the lawyers and Mark to discuss the further long description review at 11 . Mark
It may be that you don't need to be there at all . This relates to the online trading system that is being built and the legal review of various pieces of the system . If you haven't been involved yet , it probably means that somebody else ( maybe Wayne , Harry or Janice? ) is responsible for the commodities you handle . The project is only confidential in that we're trying to minimize information outside of Enron about it . There's no problem talking about it internally . You're certainly welcome to attend if you want to find out more about it , but if somebody else in your group is already covering things , you don't need to worry about it . Mark
Dave - could you please give me a call about this - I think it would be easier to explain over the phone . I have an interview scheduled at 9:30 but am at your disposal after that . Mark
Just a 'heads up' - there is now no doubt that there will need to be some major revisions to the index language . I am meeting with some of the folks from the confirm desks this afternoon to get them started on a further review . Can you please arrange to have the following people given access to the Product Manager: Jeff Sorenson Dale Neuner Bob Bowen Lynn Shivers Kevin Sweeney
FYI
Here's my revised version - let me know what you think .
Frank - I think Harry Collins is tracking this down . If it isn't settled to your satisfaction by Thursday , please let me know . Mark
FYI
I'll be there .
Thanks for your note . If you are still trying to decide about shore excursions , I was just remembering my trip and have the following observations: I found the volcano on the Big Island to be marginally interesting , not particularly pretty , and from where I was staying ( Kona) , a very long day . Kauai was very beautiful - the Na Pali coast is particularly spectacular ( that coast and the nearby beaches are where South Pacific was filmed ) but it is quite rugged and nearly inaccessible as I remember it except on foot or by boat . I would highly recommend seeing it by boat if that option is available , otherwise , you can just drive up to the end of the road and get a pretty good view . There is also a river boat trip I didn't get to take so I can't recommend it - it was popular with visitors . I didn't make it to Maui but I've always thought it would be fun to go to the top of the mountain to watch the sunrise ( in a car or bus ) and then ride down the hill on a bicycle . There was a bay near Honolulu on Oahu ( near Diamond Head ) where I did my first-ever snorkeling . It was very popular ( crowded ) but a lot of fun and while there were plenty of fish to see the reef itself was pretty dead ( not a lot of pretty coral) . I found the web site for the dolphin lab where I worked but a quick look didn't indicate they have a visitors center . You might call them when you are there if you have the extra time and want to go . As far as your clothes are concerned , since you won't have to carry them yourselves , why not take them all ! Have a great trip ! Love , Mark
The language works for me as long as the long description describes multi-month options as a series of multiple options .
test message
I'm pretty sure SITA is a French company . Have we decided that French counterparties are ok ?
Looks ok to me .
Non-smoking please .
I've put an hour on my calendar tomorrow afternoon to discuss conference issues .
Give me a call with any questions .
If Debbie is talking about the language she and I discussed late last week , that is new credit language that has not yet gone in to any of the GTC's .
I found it !
My analysis is that forcing the scroll through the entire agreement provides additional comfort that the counterparty has actually looked at the agreement and knows to what they are agreeing - it is that much more likely that the contract will be enforceable . It is certainly not necessary from my point of view that the document take up the entire page rather than appearing in a smaller window with a scroll bar down the side - in fact I think that looks much better . It would be acceptable from a legal point of view if the "agree" button appeared as in the example below as long as it didn't work until the agreement had been scrolled through . I personally think that would create more problems from a commercial point of view since many counterparties will try to click on "agree" as soon as it appears without reading the agreement and get frustrated when it doesn't work right away . David - do you agree ?
Same treatment as for telephone trading . Enron North America Corp .
The 15th looks fine . The 23rd and 24th are already holidays . As for the 22nd , please coordinate with the other legal assistants to make sure we will have coverage that week .
In this case I would say do whatever is easiest for you guys . Since we know that Enron Canada is qualified , we don't really have to have the representation but if it is easier for you to not make an exception , it doesn't hurt to have it in . FYI
Hey Marc - I'm here - it's actually nice to be home & not traveling for a while . Will you guys be around this weekend ? It doesn't look like I can help your friend . We almost never hire lawyers fresh out of law school . Believe it or not , they don't really teach you how to be a lawyer in law school so passing the bar is just the first step . Your first job is where your real training takes place . We just don't have the time and capacity to train junior lawyers so we try to hire people who have worked for a number of years ( usually at least 5 or 6 ) at a good law firm . They get good training there and we don't have to hassle with it .
Tanya wants us to use this credit for the 5 deemed ISDA's for AIG that Lucy is working on .
Can you guys please send over a copy of the questions that were submitted to local counsel in Europe relating to the online trading project ? Alan needs it for Australia and Louise has asked me to deal with Columbia . Thanks , Mark
I have marked my revisions below .
Here are several of the contracts we are planning to use for the online system . I wish I could tell you these are the final ( or even the most recent ) versions of the documents but things have changed so frequently that I'm afraid these may not be quite up to date . They do have the advantage of being in my directory and therefore available to send to you today . I don't think the final changes will be significant but if you want to use these as starting points , please let me know so I can be sure you have the latest material . The PA is the Password Application which is the only document the prospective counterparty actually signs by putting pen to paper . The first time the counterparty logs on to the system with its approved password , it is required to agree to the ETA ( Electronic Trading Agreement ) by clicking on an "I Agree" box after scrolling through the agreement . The GTC's are the contractual terms that apply to online transactions if there is no master agreement in place . Legal will have the ability to restrict a counterparty to trading only certain products online if we feel it is necessary . While most financial transactions will be governed by GTC's that look like our "Omnibus" documentation , the weather derivatives look more like a "Deemed ISDA." One final complication , the credit group has asked us to create two sets of documents: one for highly creditworthy counterparties which will have no credit provisions included and a second set for counterparties credit is not quite comfortable with which will contain a provision allowing us to call for collateral if we choose .
Maybe you can just respond to this ?
Here is my first cut at an Issues List for Wednesday . Let me know what you think . My meeting with Mark H . has been moved up to 1:00 . He may want to get you on the phone then but I don't really know .
My only concern is knowing which way the Inside FERC price adjustment that is submitted will go - will it always be plus or always minus ? If so , let's say so . If not , how will it be clear on the web site which direction the adjustment is going ?
Was there supposed to be an attachment to the e-mail or are these coming
I would suggest changing "attain" to "obtain."
EPMI and RMT are two different corporations . As I understand it , in North America EPMI enters into only physical power transactions with third parties while ENA enters into financial transactions . RMT handles financial transactions between wholly-owned Enron companies . If the transaction you are handling is a derivative between ENA and Australia , it should be documented as two trades: one between ENA and RMT and the other between RMT and Australia . That's why the master agreement is between RMT and Australia . I don't know how the booking is handled .
The same people may be involved but there are tax savings achieved by passing all the derivatives through RMT .
Fred called & asked if we could move our lunch from Monday to Thursday or Friday . Does Thursday work for you ?
Stephanie: Sorry I didn't see your response until today . The prior tenant is moving out today so the house will be available as soon as I can get it cleaned up and any necessary repairs made . Let me know if you'd like to see it . Mark
Something must have happened in the transmission process - I can't make anything out of the info below .
You can ignore that last e-mail .
We have not decided "to prevent any regulated utility from completing any financial transactions" online . If we have already satisfactorily concluded the necessary due diligence with respect to a particular utility , they will be approved . It is only with respect to those utilities which have not yet been researched that we are withholding approval . The due diligence required involves asking the utility for certain information concerning their organization and regulatory situation , hiring local counsel in the relevant state and having research done into the laws and regulations in place there and into any public utility commission orders respecting the particular utility in question , and on occasion requesting an opinion letter from the utility's counsel . We usually begin that process only when a trader believes there is a likelihood of a sufficient volume of trading with the utility to justify the time and expense . FYI , the due diligence process has in the past revealed circumstances which prevented the utility from trading derivatives or required actions to authorize such trading which had not been taken . A recent count showed about 10 executed master agreements and another 30 to 40 in one stage or another of the due diligence/negotiation process .
Looks good to me . Are we certain that all of the other traders plan to post daily volumes ?
Looks good to me .
Good idea . Enron North America Corp .
Thanks for your help last week . Saturday night was a lot of fun !
What is the proposed process once Legal receives this kind of request ?
How does the New Product Type Approval process work ? We have received several test messages but it is not clear how we look beyond the short description in the e-mail to see the long description ( can the short description be set up as a hyperlink to the web-site? ) or how we are supposed to respond ( my attempted reply was rejected as undeliverable) .
I noticed that ISDA is putting on a one-day course in London October 19 on Documenting and Confirming Credit Derivative Transactions . If you are interested and haven't received the brochure , let me know and I can fax it to you .
Sorry for the delay - my e-mail has been down all day .
We may have some problems with derivatives trading in Mexico - see Tana's note from earlier today . I'll start the process for the ETA & PA .
I was glad to see that the next Monmouth meeting was rescheduled for a time other than December . I guess Monmouth is a little harder to get to than Chicago but it will be nice to see the campus again . I'm going to be in New York Nov . 1 & 2 . Any chance of getting together ? Mark
The difficulty is in knowing which entites are regulated and which are not . For instance , ENA is an "unregulated" affiliate of a regulated utility ( PGE) . But many utilities have energy services companies affiliates which , while not regulated utilities like San Diego Gas & Electric , are nevertheless heavily regulated . We have tried to figure out what we can in the time available and have relied on readily available public inofrmation .
We are getting very excited about the BVI . It's hard to believe it's only 5 weeks away . I try to think about it whenever the stock market gets me depressed ( which is happening with altogether too much frequency these days) . I see you guys got hit with a triple whammy today . Oh well , can you say "buying opportunity" ? I'm coming to NYC for a conference in a couple of weeks - any chance you guys are free for dinner on Sunday the 31st ? We also need to talk about $ sometime soon since I made the final payment on the boat a couple of weeks ago . Have you made your hotel arrangements ( we still have a room reserved for you for the night of the 20th which you won't need if you've made other arrangements - and we can always get you a room there for the last night if you want) ? And there's still the beverage list ( you did get my fax , didn't you?) . T . sends regards . Hope you're well and not letting the market roller-coaster get you down ( my mantra is "think long term , think long term , think long term") . Mark
Today's simulation has been postponed to next Wednesday . Unfortunately , they have not yet opened the system to the entire web - you have to be on the Enron intranet to get access . If you want to see it badly enough , I might be able to arrange something for you in our NY office ( midtown ) otherwise I'll let you know when they roll it out onto the web . Mark
As far as I know , this is the policy for all online trading . Did I miss something ?
Let's go for dinner Monday night . With any luck I'll be able to get to the airport for a plane back to Houston Tues . night .
The people at Derivatives Week assure me that we should have access to their web site ( www.derivativesweek.com ) by Wednesday . Password: swap
Here are my comments .
Yes , without doubt . The ETA can't be amended on a counterparty by counterparty basis and it says that any applicable master agreement will control . Leslie Hansen is also working on a draft . If you get something from Justin , please forward a copy to me and Leslie . Thanks , Mark
Please arrange - hopefully for Tuesday since Wed . may be hectic .
I fully agree with the "fade" effect . But this looks right to me . As I remember it , we were not totally happy with the Notional Quantity language but this was the best we could do . We were going to make sure that whether the submitted volume was per day or per month was clearly reflected elsewhere in the long description . Not elegant , but adequate .
Thanks for your reply . I think I'd prefer something that's not hosted if possible . I can definately spend more for something that's either very nice or very interesting . Also prefer to avoid far reaches of upper east or west sides .
Thanks for your note . Of the three you have listed , #1643 is probably a bit far from public transport for me . #1671 is convenient to the business I have on Mon . & Tues . ( what is Double SS?) . #1966 sounds like a fun location . I'd be willing to spend more for a place that is particularly well furnished or interesting ( any loft spaces?) .
Sounds reasonable to me . I'm afraid the difficult questions are the one you posed to Peter and whether or not Credit will agree .
This issue comes up when the Credit Group is not happy with the credit provisions built into the already executed Master Agreement - they want the ability to use the GTC with the credit provisions that allow us to call for a letter of credit whenever we want to instead of having the online trade governed by the master ( as provided for automatically in the ETA) . What do you think about Edmund's solution ? Mark
Would you be available to take Andrea Calo to dinner next Wednesday ( the night before the Legal Conference) ? She is coming in a day early to meet & chat with people here .
Would you like me to set up some meetings for you with people here in the Houston office for the day before the Confernce ? If so , please let me know what your schedule is & I will ask my assistant to set up some times for you .
I had a voice mail from him Mon or Tues that said he would try and get into the office either today or tomorrow . I expect he may be tied up with getting his son into the hospital and catching up with his wife so we may not see him til Monday .
I feel confident putting myself in your hands . As long is it's not stratospheric , I should be able to get Enron to pick up the tab . Please go ahead and book whatever you think would be good . Just let me know when & where to go !
There is no organized transport to the Woodlands but it will be easy to make arrangements for you to ride with someone else leaving from the office - so I guess it makes sense for you to come in Thursday morning as well . I'll try and set up a few meetings for you starting with lunch on Wednesday . I was thinking primarily of lawyers here - anyone in particular you would like on the list ?
Jeff , Alan & I will all be in a meeting at 10 .
Would you please try and arrange for 30 min . meetings for Andrea Calo with as many of the following people as possible either Wednesday afternoon ( from 2:00 to 6:00 ) or Thursday morning ( from 9:00 to 10:30): Mark Haedicke Jeff Hodge Dan Hyvl Michelle Blaine Rob Walls Scott Neal Pat Cini Elizabeth Sager Stacy Dickson Clement Abrams
I was planning to take her to lunch that day - you should feel free to take whoever you want .
As presently drafted the ETA provides that if a master agreement is in force covering a particular transaction , the master controls . I don't think we ever adequately resolved the multiple Enron entity issue , though . For example , if a counterparty has an ISDA Master Agreement in place with ENA , that master agreement could easily cover a trade based on UK gas prices . However , it is not the commercial people's intent that the system work that way . They want every trade for a particular product to be with a single Enron entity ( e.g . all UK gas transactions are with Enron Europe) , regardless of what master agreements are in place . To resolve this I suggest that the long descriptions be revised to state the Enron trading entity for each product type ( this is already in place for European derivatives ) and that the ETA be revised as follows: revise the fifth line of paragraph ( a ) of Section 3 such that Transactions are governed by the short and long definitions in respect of a product "...and any master agreement between Counterparty and the Enron entity trading in such product on the Website which is in effect as of the date of the execution of such Transaction..." ( underlined text inserted ) I think this will please the commercial and tax people; any thoughts from the legal side ?
I'm afraid I may never have called you back on this one - do we still need to discuss ?
My apologies but I'm afraid this one slipped through the cracks in my e-mail and I never responded - has this issue been addressed ?
Did you ever hear back from the power people ?
Please deliver my copies to the office . Enron Capital Management
Here is Sullivan & Cromwell's reply .
Looks good to me . Taffy: Please put these on the calendar .
Transacting Question 4 - last line "accepted or rejected immediately upon receipt by the EnronOnline system" or "accepted or rejected by the EnronOnline system immediately upon receipt." Question 5 - similar comment - build in concept of processing immediately upon receipt by the system . Question 9 - Can the Master User give others Master User privileges or can traders within a company view each other's transactions if the Master User authorizes it ? If so , deleat Back Office User and substitute "and others authorized by your Master User" . If not , is it possible there will be more than one Back Office User ? I so , insert ( s) . Products Question 6 - last line "at the best price available on the EnronOnline system ( if it is within the range you specify)" Registration Question 13 - still needs an answer . Should it also apply to trader user ID's & passwords ? Legal Question 3 - Password Application,not Agreement; "framework for transactions carried out" Earnings Related Questions - Will these be posted for all to see ? If so , we should have a Corp . lawyer look these over ( SEC concerns) . These seem more appropriate as answers for PR and IR to have ready in case anyone asks . You will no doubt recognize that I have exercised the utmost restraint - contrary to my every lawerly instinct - in commenting only on provisions that were identified as current changes .
What was this one about ?
Plese print these out for the CFTC file .
I'm most concerned about the internet aspect of things now - this is new advice we are requesting and I would not expect it to be the lion's share of the expense - presumably the update portion will be relatively easy . Enron North America Corp .
Thanks for taking care of that . I'm glad the Moorings was able to accomodate us . Will you guys be free to get together Sunday eve. ?
Was your "Yes" an answer to my question or Bruce's ? I hope it was mine - any particular preferences/schedule issues ? I can bring some sailing stuff for you - cruising guide to the Virgin Islands and a couple of sailing videos if you want .
Bummer - thanks for letting me know .
Master Agreements will cover trades with that entity only . Enron North America Corp .
Don't forget the first session of the Conference begins at 1:00 tomorrow afternoon . Attire for the entire event is casual but since the room may be cool and we hope to have dinner outside , you may want a sweater or jacket .
These master agreements will work for any North American financial product .
Thanks for spelling it out for me . I WILL be in NYC this weekend and , while I have done it before and found it to be all you describe , would enjoy going to the parade with you . As I remember it , the trick to limiting the aggravating and full of people factor is deciding where to watch and when to be there . The embarrassment factor is significantly reduced by refusing to participate in the actual parade oneself and not knowing any participants ( or at least not acknowledging them as they pass) . Do you have the time and route ? Maybe we can grab a bite to eat somewhere nearby . As far as getting in the mood goes , try ( I should know how to make that a link but I don't) . I'll definitely bring the cruising guide and a map if I can find it . None of the videos I have is right on point ( either the wrong size boat is involved or they're too advanced ) but I'll bring them along anyway . I have mixed feelings about bringing Heavy Weather Sailing - I don't want to unnecessarily alarm anyone but we do want G to go to the doctor for the
Sorry I didn't get back to you sooner - was out on Thurs & Fri . I'm here and at the Waldorf 355-3000 room 1151 . Still have time for that quick drink ?
Agreed .
I'm afraid I'm still the right guy . My comments below in red .
Lucy: Tana tells me you are looking for some guidance as to which Enron entity should be used for booking trading transactions with various counterparties . There are a couple of general rules that apply to "normal" trading circumstances and I'll spell them out below , but remember that these are not hard and fast rules and may go straight out the window when circumstances vary ( even just a little bit ) from "normal." For example , abnormal situations exist where the trading transaction is in connection with another transaction with an Enron company ( e.g . a financing or equity investment) , the counterparty has a legally justifiable desire to trade with a certain Enron company , the product being traded is only traded by a particular Enron company or the counterparty is in a jurisdiction outside the country where we are trading ( except as spelled out below) . Having said all that , the following rules ( generally tax driven ) can be used as general guidelines: 1 . If there is no master agreement in place between the counterparty and an Enron company , the trade should be entered into on behalf of the Enron company based in the country where the Enron trader is when the trade is concluded and , if there is any hope of further trading with the counterparty , Credit and Legal should be notified to negotiate a master agreement . Of course , if the counterparty is outside the country where we are trading , Legal should be consulted ahead of time ( there are some countries where derivatives are actually illegal , special procedures must be followed or can't be done by us from the U.S.) . 2 . If there is a master agreement between the counterparty and either ENA or Enron Canada , and the Enron trader is in the U.S . or Canada , the trade should be entered into by the trader on behalf of the Enron company that is party to the master agreement . If the trader is outside of the U.S . or Canada , other rules may apply . 3 . If there is a master agreement between the counterparty and ECT International ( usually only European counterparties) , and the Enron trader is in the U.S . or the U.K. , the trade should be entered into by the trader on behalf of ECT International . Note that there are special considerations if the trader is in the U.K . based on U.K . regulatory issues ( the trade is actually "arranged" by Enron Europe Finance and Trading Ltd . on behalf of ECT International) . If such a master exists but the trader is not in the U.S . or U.K. , the trade should be handed off to a trader located in one of those two countries for final negotiation and execution . It would be a good idea to consult with Legal or Tax if this comes up for more specific advice . These general rules relate to which Enron entity should be the legal counterparty to the transactions . This doesn't determine where within the Enron family the actual risk should ultimately reside . If we want the risk to be in an Enron company other than the Enron counterparty for contractual purposes , an intercompany transaction should be booked ( probably through RMT ) to get the risk in the right place .
Looks good to me .
Here are my comments - mostly minor .
I don't have anything handy - I suggest you contact Paige Grumulaitis .
I sent Dave comments on his last three additions yesterday and on the full version e-mailed to me ( 10/29 ) this afternoon . Is the version I looked at the final one or were there subsequent changes to review ?
keeping my fingers crossed.... .
"bunnies" ? BUNNIES ?
Would it work if we picked you up in the USVI ? I know it's possible to fly into St . Thomas either directly from New York or through San Juan and you could take a ferry to St . John ( still part o the USVI ) where we could pick you up . It's a bit of a hassle since we have to clear the boat into the US and then back to the BVI but I've done it a couple of times before . The timing might be difficult since we can't possibly get the boat to St . John before the afternoon of the 22nd . If you're nervous about sailing into the BVI , we could stick around St . John for a few days . You might check the cruising guide & see what it says about the US side of things - places to go/anchor , etc .
Looks like this one is for me to review . They will be sending these to all of us so that whenever one of us is out , we can let the others know to forward these on to whomever is appropriate . We're supposed to get back to them within 24 hours .
There appear to have been some changes that were not made in the Canadian Long Descriptions . Dave Forster will be forwarding them to you . Please resend the language once those changes are incorporated . Thanks ! Mark
Bummer - I had no idea the USVI wasn't considered part of the US - I'm assuming when you say "on the way back in" you mean from the USVI to the mainland since we could try to arrange things to avoid going back to the BVI while you were with us if that made a difference . I don't have any leads on a possible stand-in , but don't really want one either since we've our hearts set on YOU . Hopefully the lawyer can figure out a way to speed things up . As a last resort , maybe we should check with Greg for a replacement since that's who he'll have to bunk with . You have to be reasonably careful about such choices since you will be spending your holiday in pretty close contact with them . It may also be a bit late to find transport to that part of the world; any hope of transferring the ticket in your name to someone else ?
I have 4 tickets to the Thursday , November 18 Rockets vs . Sacramento Kings game ( 7:30 start) . Section 125 , Row G .
Donna: My comments are included below . These are just suggestions and you can take them or leave them as you will . Mark
Do you have time to compare this opinion to our current form ? Justin tells me he started from a form that was a year or more old .
I will give you a call to discuss . Mark
Francisco & Lou: Here is the reply from Figueroa Sierra . Sorry for the delay in forwarding this on to you . Mark
Agricultural product options are not permitted .
I think S&C is fine - they are helping us with CFTC issues related to online trading and Energy Desk.com seems somwhat related .
Here's the current forecast for Lenny . Shouldn't be a major problem for us but I feel for folks scheduled to go down there tomorrow and Thursday . Bruce - we're still keeping our fingers crossed that your permit will come through . Are you sure you've got the right lawyer working on this ? Seems like he ought to be able to shake it loose somehow . Anything at all we can do from here ?
The Moorings people asked me to call back tomorrow when they'll have a better idea about the storm situation - they canceled all of their charter starts for today & tomorrow ( no surprise ) and she expected Thursday's to cancel also . They still have everything for the weekend scheduled to go out but they weren't supposed to confirm any hotel rooms between now and Saturday . They were able to confirm a room for you for Sunday the 28th ( the day we have to bring the boat back) . I'll let you know what happens when I get through to them tomorrow . Mark
David - We'r trying to get through to you on the phone but can't get across the Atlantic . Can you try calling us ? I'm at 713 - 853-7459 & Jeff is at Thanks
David - as to your point 2 , we have used the "Deemed ISDA" appraoch for weather derivatives . I see no reason we can't do something similar in Australia for power . I've atached an example ( but I'm not sure it is thefinal version) . Mark
Andrea Calo and Cecilia are not in the system to allow me to add them to your review . Can you ask them to fill out the form and send it on to me ( e-mail is fine) . The others were in the system and they should be able to fill everything out on their computers .
Please see the following note from Sheila Walton . She has asked that the forms be returned to her by November 25th . They can be sent interoffice mail or by e-mail . Thanks , Mark
It does make sense that there shouldn't be a problem with traveling to the USVI; since you have to clear immigration to get in there from the BVI I wouldn't expect to have to clear again when you go back to the mainland or Puerto Rico . We haven't spent much time sailing in the USVI so it would be an exploratory trip for us - not at all a bad thing . We can't get the boat to the USVI till Monday ( charter doesn't start till noon on Sun . and there's tons of work getting all the food/drinks/ice etc . put away) . Best bet is to pick Bruce up in St . John - Charlotte Amalie on St . Thomas is reputed to be a large , busy commercial port - a great place for yachts to play dodge-em with the cruise ships ( not fun) . There is regular ferry service from St . Thomas to St . John . We won't be there before noon on Monday . I just got off the phone with Greg so hopefully AA can do the right thing here !
Bruce - I just had another thought ( they come so rarely I feel a need to pass them along as soon as it happens) . The Full Moon party we discussed before is on Nov . 23 . Unfortunately it is in the BVI . If your lawyer can get the permit by Monday and Fed Ex it to us , we could still get over there ( Bomba's Shack is on the western end of Tortola - reasonably close to the USVI) . The boat will have a cell phone but we won't have a number till Sunday at the earliest . Be sure to bring the lawyer's number so we can call him Monday . Mark P.S . - My sympathies on your day at Federal Plaza . My imagination isn't up to the task of conjuring how miserable that must have been .
Yes - and boats . I wasn't too worried until the last update which indicates the storm has lost forward momentum and is just drifting out there - just barely east of due south of the BVI . They are predicting that it will resume its course in the morning and I sure hope so but anything can happen . As of the middle of this afternoon , the Moorings was planning to let the Friday charter starts go for sure - maybe even tomorrow's !
You have to be careful reading those reports - the 145mph number is the current maximum wind speed - right at the eye wall - which is well to the south-east of St . Thomas . The Weather channel this morning showed local radar indicating a lot of rain in the US 7 BVI but the storm center was pretty far away . The real question is what direction will it go from here . If it heads out to the north east as predicted , no problems . If it takes a turn to the north , direct hit . I hadn't hard about the state of emergency but that could be due to rain related damage . Many storm sites available: In case you need it to decipher some of the coordinates , the BVI is at St . Thomas is closer to 18 20' N 65 W
Interesting damage reports - particularly from St . Croix . I had been looking at the cruising guide when I got home last night to see where we might be able to poke around in the USVI . I seem to remember that the Moorings won't let us take the boat to St . Croix ( a bit far away ) but had thought we might want to get special permission . Now I'm not so sure if the place will still be all ahoo when we get there . It might not have been the entire group's cup of tea in any event since it would take a good solid day of sailing each way to and from St . John . My impression is that I might be the only soul on board who would relish that thought - particularly if the seas are still a bit rough from storm effects . I'm watching the national Weather Service updates as they come out - roughly every two hours . Caution on the Fed Ex package for the doorman - USVI may be the US for INS purposes but not for Fed Ex - they require an international waybill for deliveries there . You can have the package sent to their Cruz Bay office to be held for pick-up ( two day service - guaranteed by 4 pm ) or to St . Thomas airport ( next day service by 2 pm) . I mentioned in a previous note that the main harbor in St . Thomas is not really yacht friendly but we could probably figure out a way to get in there if that works out best ( maybe go into a different bay , dinghy ashore and get a cab to the airport) . Fed Ex - ( 800 ) Mark
Good News: Lenny weakening - max . winds down to 130 mph and pressure rising Bad News: The darn thing won't get moving - still just drifting a bit to the north & east It's hard to describe which islands we care about on those maps - they're all so small they almost don't show up on the maps . Luckily St . Thomas is to the west and a bit north of Lenny's current position Here is a San Juan radar image that has St . Thomas marked and one of th recent forecasted path maps .
I just got this update ( emphasis added ) - these coordinates put the storm just a tad south and a good ( but not comfortable ) bit east of St . Thomas & Tortola . If it stays on this track , things will only improve in the VI .
t-shirts & bathing suits ( daytime ) polo/surf shirts & shorts ( evening wear ) beach towel ( you may want to wait & buy this down there ) boat shoes or sneakers sunglasses ( polarized are best ) prescription medication sunscreen ! books music CDs camera & film snorkel mask & fins ( your own will be better than the ones that come with the boat - give us your shoe size if you're not bringing your own ) a few zip-lock bags may come in handy for packing wet items waterproof wallet is good to take along some $ if you decide to swim from boat to shore instead of taking dinghy The Moorings should be able to tell you how to get from the USVI to their base on Tortola . It may be either a combination of ferry to West End ( aka Soper's Hole ) Tortola and then a cab to the base in Road Town or a ferry straight to Road Town . I don't really know . I'm also no help on how often they run or how long they take . If you can be at the Moorings by 11 or 11:30 Sunday morning that would be perfect . Do you have contact info for your hotel in St . Thomas ?
I have one change to suggest - see attached . Enron North America Corp .
I may have a few minor drafting comments but this otherwise looks pretty good to me . What do you think ?
Test message .
I may not understand the question , but Legal does not need to be informed of each ETA that is executed .
My only concern is that the letter may not adequately tie the master agreement referred to and the products affected in a situation where we have more than one master ( covering different commodities or transaction types ) with the same counterparty . I can imagine a situation where Credit doesn't want us to use a physical master but the financial master is ok or vice versa . I mentioned this to Bob and he will watch for situations where Credit is only "turning off" one master in a multiple master setting . We should also be listing each master affected if Credit wants to turn them all off .
Is this something you know anything about ?
That time works fine for me . I am in EB3889 .
I suggest you insert "with respect to the Transactions" after the word "Counterparty" in the second line of paragraph 1 . Otherwise they look great to me . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Canada Corp .
From a financial trading perspective , the Credit Group is reviewing each potential counterparty and will not approve any counterparty that is not an "Eligible Swap Participant" ( as defined in federal regulations as over a certain size ) from trading derivatives . Generally speaking , they don't approve customers that are smaller than that for any trading from a credit perspective but that is up to them .
Thanks for taking care of this . Sorry I was not reachable .
Test reply .
Works for me .
We have been working on a somewat revised version of the online "override" letter . What do you think ?
We have an executed master agreement with Engage Energy Canada L.P . which we received signed around the end of August 1999 .
That's fine with me - we're taking that approach on the "override" letters that override existing master agreements .
I'm still concerned about the circularity of the letter indicating that the GTC will control but then the GTC says the master will control... .
Here are my comments . Do you want to add anything about the reason for this ? I don't think it's necessary from a legal point of view but might soften the letter a bit .
This phone number doesn't work - do you have another ?
These are ok with me if Agency.com has approved . How will PR be handling #3 ?
This is during our meeting with Michael Guerriero . Would you prefer that I cover the ISDA call ? Enron North America Corp .
Hi Bruce ! Ted took his first steps back to solid foods on Monday night . He was so sick when we left you on Saturday that we had to motor the whole way back to Tortola and put him ashore for Saturday night . We made our flight on Sunday and he went to the Dr . on Monday . They think it was probably food poisoning but I don't see why nobody else got it . Greg's expenses should certainly be part of the common fund . There were a few other common expenses we haven't settled up on yet - Ted had a few groceries and a dinner and I paid for the beverage order) . I'll get Ted's numbers when I get home tonight and do a tally which I can send tomorrow . Let me know if you think of anything else . When I first get back I usually feel the room swaying when it is small and enclosed ( like an interior conference room or the shower) . It's a sure sign you were acclimatised to the boat !
I'm not sure which e-mail address you are using so I figured I'd send to both . Here is my itinerary for Christmas travel: Friday 12/24 Continental 4126 Leaves Houston 7:55 am Arrives Cincinnati 11:20 am Sunday 12/26 Continentat 4122 Leaves Cincinnati 5:45 pm Arrives Houston 7:25 pm These are Continental Express flights - I don't know if that makes a difference in terminals in Cincinnati or not - it does in Houston . I got your message at home , my SSN is *********
Here is the draft of the amendment letter . Please let me know if it is acceptable and I will have it executed .
Enron rings opening bell for bandwidth exchange By Corey Grice Staff Writer , CNET News.com The opening bell has rung for a new kind of exchange . The currency ? Bandwidth . A subsidiary of energy industry giant Enron , Enron Communications , today opened the doors to a bandwidth commodity exchange . The company first announced its intention to sell space on high-speed networks as a commodity in May . Traditional commodity exchanges sell goods like oil , natural gas and grain . Enron has taken this concept and given it a telecommunications spin , offering space on high-speed networks to communications carriers . In the past , carriers looking to fill holes or service gaps in their networks would have had to enter long-term contracts with other carriers to fulfill their bandwidth needs . The exchange , Enron says , acts as a sort of middleman for carriers to find short-term contracts or quick fixes as they complete network construction or try to manage heavier-than-expected network traffic . For example , Global Crossing plans to sell capacity on a high-speed fiber optic link between New York and Los Angeles over the exchange . Enron also expects to start an international bandwidth trading market next May . Separately , RateXchange , a similar bandwidth exchange , demonstrated its own commodities trading system at a telecommunications conference in New York today . RateXchange predicts that the trading of bandwidth and other telecommunications products could become a $8 billion market by 2002 .
Here's my letter . Any comments ?
My comments below in red .
Jeff: Here are the draft definitions and the list of which companies are to review which definitions . They have asked for our comments by the 15th ( next Wednesday) . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks ! Mark
Sorry we've been out of touch lately . We were on vacation ( sailing in the Virgin Islands ) the week of Thanksgiving and were pretty busy getting ready for it the week or two before that . There was a big swim meet in San Antonio last weekend that T wanted to see so we drove out for that ( yawn) . I didn't even know you were leaving BA ! I knew you had been sort of looking around for a while but didn't realize you had made a decision . What's the story ? We're planning to have people over ( it's the egg nog time of year ) on the 18th - I'm guessing 8 - 10 pm but we'll let you know the details .
Sorry for the delay on getting back to you - looks good to me .
11:30 ( 10:30 Central ) works for me .
Thursday afternoon and Wednesday both look pretty good for me so far .
I left a voice mail for Paul but have not heard back yet .
I have spoken with Martin and he is going to forward some proposed language to me . I will need to draft a reply letter to try and solve their issue .
You assume correctly .
Your understanding is correct - the trades are binding on the legal entity holding the user id and password . Any trades done which either the counterparty or we want to be with a different entity should be assigned pursuant to a written assignment agreement . If the counterparty continues to misuse the system , maybe we should deny access to the types of products particular entities are not "supposed" to trade .
Excellent solution !
Lucy: Cemex has previously signed a confidentiality agreement with us based on our form of agreement . Their form is significantly more burdensome for us . I would prefer that we send our form and let them know that it is substantially similar to one previously executed in connection with another matter . Mark
Hi Marc ! Yes , we're having a few friends over Sat . night for "Holiday Cheer" which at our house means cocktails by the Christmas tree and maybe some of my wonderful-tasting but horrible-for-you egg nog . We'd love to see you guys . It's just an 8 to 10 kind of thing so even if you have other parties to go to , you could make this one the kick-off . The extent of FABULOUS in our Y2K plans is in the price of the bottle of champagne we're going to share at home that night . I asked T if we should plan anything and got the "quiet night at home" reply . That , of course , will change to "Why didn't you plan anything?!" around 12/29 or 30 . How's BMC ? What are you doing for them ? Do you know Clayton Williams ? I think he still works there . Give us a call so we can catch up . Tell G we said hi & hope to see you Saturday !
Looks good to me .
Any chance of getting the confirms to say "Ashland Inc . through its Ashland Specialty Chemicals Comapny division" ? Enron North America Corp .
Can you take care of this for me ?
Here is the Confidentiality Agreement we signed last year .
CSC is Computer Science Corp . Joel's number is x57723 .
Some of these are not final .
I would like to consider some counterparty-specific agreement to solve this problem . What do you think of a side agreement among both KN entities and Enron which specifies that a user ID and password have been issued to both of KN's legal entities jointly and severally and that transactions for certain products ( e.g . all financial products ) entered into under that user ID and password will be deemed executed by KN Trading ( their financial trading entity ) and all others will be deemed executed by KN Marketing ( their physical entity) ? Do you see any problems here ? Issues re: joint & several liability under the ETA but not the Transactions ? Let me know if you need further clarification of the problem . I haven't run this by Louise yet - she may raise system or commercial objections . Mark
My comments are marked below in red .
Same "calendar day" comment on the Gas Daily index . "Succeeding" should have two c's . On the Nymex index , what are we taking the "unweighed average" of ? This isn't clear to me . Should "la" towards the end be capitalized ?
Can you please check on this ? I thought we had wire-transferred the money to
Looks good to me !
Green
As per Gary's request , here is the revised letter . If you will send the executed copies to me , I will arrange to have them signed on behalf of Enron .
Good catch ! And I agree , we're done .
You can send it to : Mark Taylor Enron North America - EB3889 1400 Smith Street Thanks !
Adele: Here is a draft of a letter agreement amending the online Electronic Trading Agreement . Please let me know if it is ok and I will have a copy executed and faxed over to you . My apologies for the delay - I thought I had sent this to you last week but I can't find any record of it so I must not have done it . Mark
Where do I go to see the products ?
Sorry for the delay in getting back to you . I never did come up with a good solution last year to the "cat climbing the Christmas tree" problem except fastening the glass ornaments really tight so when she climbed up inside the tree they didn't shake off . This year she seems content to just hide underneath the tree and hasn't been climbing up inside it - maybe she's just gotten too big . I agree that the mouse traps sound mean - what about double-sided tape ? I understand the cats hate stepping on the sticky stuff so will leave the area alone afterwards ( this was suggested as a discouragement to jumping on kitchen countertops but might work under the tree) . And of course , the lower branches of the tree are reserved for wooden and metal ornaments - nothing breakable .
Cindy: We have the signed letters - where should we send them ?
Here is an example of what such a letter might look like which may satisfy several of the concerns you raised in our call this afternoon .
I do have some issues with the proposed language and will be discussing the details with Dale tomorrow .
How do you want to handle these ?
Until we have determined a legal structure that works for this trading ( e.g . Chinese walls , public vs . private reference credits , etc. ) I would encourage caution in how far you go with specific names . Once they are tainted , it may not be possible to cleanse the situation sufficiently to trade on them for some time . When would you like to go to New York to meet with Sullivan & Cromwell ? Let me know and I will set something up . Mark
This looks fine to me . Is this the way our confirmations read for telephone trades ? If not , do we need to make this change there also ? Mark
Looks good to me - It should probably get one last look by Mike Corbally , too .
That's fine with me - I don't anticipate any problems at this point . Don't worry about losing days , though . We can always make under the table adjustments next month if necessary .
Mark H . has asked me to prepare an outline of an "acceptable" regulatory framework for OTC energy derivatives that we could use as a fallback position next year . Here is a draft I've come up with . Any suggestions ?
Friday at 10 looks good to us .
Thanks for your Christmas letter . It was good to see how Celena has grown ! I'll be back in NYC Jan . 6 & 7 - any hope for dinner or at least a drink on Thurs . eve. ? My flight is scheduled to get in around 6:45 pm . Mark
Mark , You might want to check with Paul on this . How have we arranged our IPE trading ? Since we are talking about exchange-traded contracts here , not dealing with customers , it may be possible to use an entity other than EEFT . Hope all is well . Mark
Louise - If you are back in Houston I'd like to get together and discuss the credit derivatives project . Otherwise , maybe we can chat by phone ? Mark
I see what you mean . Another thing we need to consider is whether or not this is part of our market maker status for the exchange - do you know if Bob wants Steve's activities in London to be part of that ?
I did havea brief conversation with Janice about this but don't remember her conclusions . For financial transactions we are attaching the GTC's . That is the way we handle the regular telephone trading and in an attempt to make the online trading look as much like telephone trading as possible we continue the tradition . If in current liquids trading the terms and conditions are not sent as part of the confirm ( where there is no master in place ) I don't know why we need to attach them for online trading . If the back office needs a Word version of the GTC to make their job easier there should be no problem getting one for them .
Sounds good to me .
It's ok with me . Please check with Tana and Susan as well .
I agree completely , have talked to the Mayors Office - Citizens' Assistance Office , the Traffic & Transportation Dept . ( who gave me Ms . Dorsey's name ) and have written to Ms . Dorsey . I suggest you also complain to our City Council member and the other at-large members . Since Dorsey is the Bikeway Coordinator , she won't have much incentive to do away with a designated bikeway but Council members want our votes: GABRIEL VASQUEZ gvasquez@cnl.ci.houston.tx.us - I think he represents the Heights ANNISE D . PARKER aparker@cnl.ci.houston.tx.us - I think Gordon has already written to her The last 5 are "at-large" members of the council . I got all of these from the City web site so I can't be sure it's a current list . Another argument for two lanes on Heights is that with only one lane , some percentage of traffic will divert itself to side streets making them less safe for residents there . And p.s . the argument that this lane is designed for use by bicycle commuters is particularly empty since the lane doesn't go anywhere - there's no connecting route at either end that I am aware of - do they expect all these hypothetical bicycle commuters to get on I 10 ?
I have now heard back from Ken Raisler's office that the only time he has left next week is Thursday morning . Does that work for you guys ?
It looks like this didn't go through last night .
We sent ISDA our comments a couple of weeks ago . I have resent them to Corinne this morning and sent a copy to you . Enron North America Corp .
We are scheduled at Ken Raisler's office at 9:00 on Thursday . The address is 125 Broad Street ( on the eastern end of Broad St . - right by the East River) . See you there !
Any thoughts on this Platt's issue ?
I called and asked for an information packet on the Enron insurance plan ( it is through MetLife ) last week . I will let you know as soon as it comes . Thanks for the update on Tim & Sharon . I guess the down-side of a 2 year old is that she may already have a fairly well formed personality , but the up-side is they will know she is healthy and she is still young enough to learn a new language easily . Feel free to let me know when the bank statement comes - I seem to remember that we came up with a scheme to deal with that last year . I'll bet we can do it again ! And until then we can just bask in the light of this amazing run in the ENE stock price - wow !
Writer Patrick O'Brian Dies at 85 A.P . INDEXES: TOP STORIES NEWS SPORTS BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY ENTERTAINMENT Filed at 3:21 p.m . EST By The Associated Press LONDON ( AP ) -- Patrick O'Brian , whose celebrated novels of 19th century seafaring won praise from critics and the loyalty of legions of readers , has died . He was 85 . O'Brian died in Dublin , Ireland , where he had been working on a book for several weeks at Trinity College . The cause of death was not given and there were conflicting reports of the date . The British Embassy in Paris said O'Brian died Tuesday , but newspapers and the news agency Press Association said he died Sunday . O'Brian had lived in France since 1949 . O'Brian's major work was a 20-volume series set in the Royal Navy during the Napoleonic wars . A deep knowledge of naval history and 19th century life enabled him to evoke a time and place so vividly that , in this era of supersonic jets and smart bombs , his readers were gripped by the slow-motion suspense of sea battles fought under sail . The series , begun in 1969 with ``Master and Commander,'' is the story of the friendship between a bold and ambitious navy officer , Jack Aubrey , and the ship's surgeon Stephen Maturin , a naturalist and secret agent who doesn't much like sailing . Although the books were well-reviewed and found an enthusiastic readership from the start , it wasn't until the 1990s that they achieved wide recognition abroad and were lifted out of the ``historical genre in which they generally were reviewed . In 1991 , a New York Times critic called O'Brian ``the best novelist you have never heard of.'' ``Patrick O'Brian has written great and enduring literature which happens to be set largely at sea,'' the Sunday Telegraph wrote in 1997 , praising ``the intensity of characterization , the complex elegance of the plotting , and the brilliance of the writing.'' O'Brian also proved that , in the hands of a skilled writer , specialist language need not be an obstacle to understanding . Readers who can't remember which side of a ship is starboard still can feel the frantic activity on deck as the sails unfurl and catch the wind , and the excitement as a man-of-war turns to engage the enemy . A lexicon explaining O'Brian's nautical terminology was published , but O'Brian didn't think definitions important . ``Ignorance of the cross-catharpins is not necessarily fatal,'' he once said . ``Explanation almost certainly would be.'' O'Brian's fans range from actor Charlton Heston to critic John Bayley , a former Oxford professor of literature who wrote that O'Brian's ``originality consists in the unpretentious use he makes of ( history ) to invent a new style of fiction.'' ``No other writer,'' Bayley wrote , ``not even Melville , has described the whale and the wandering albatross with O'Brian's studious and yet lyrical O'Brian guarded his privacy , and in his few interviews resisted questions about his personal life . He was born Dec . 12 , 1914 , in Chalfont St . Peter , west of London , and it wasn't until 1998 that he was revealed to be the son of an English doctor and not an Irishman as had been widely believed , the Daily Telegraph said in an obituary Friday . The newspaper said O'Brian was born Richard Patrick Russ , but changed his name in 1945 . During his school years , he was frequently ill , spending much time reading . His writing career began at age 15 , when he published a book about the union of a giant panda and a snow leopard . During World War II , O'Brian drove ambulances and worked briefly with Britain's Political Intelligence Department . In 1949 , he and his second wife , Mary , moved to Collioure , southern France . His first seafaring novel was ``The Golden Ocean'' in 1956 , about a Pacific expedition . O'Brian's Aubrey-Maturin series was already well under way in Britain by the beginning of the 1990s , when editor Starling Lawrence of the American publisher W.W . Norton chanced to read one on a flight home . The rest , as they say , is publishing history . Several years ago , the writer said he would end the series with the book , but last month he said he was working on volume 21 , the Daily Telegraph reported . O'Brian also wrote biographies of Picasso and naturalist Sir Joseph Banks . A linguist , he translated the work of French writers Simone de Beauvoir and Colette . O'Brian was made a Commander of the Order of British Empire in 1995 . Funeral plans were not announced . He is survived by a son , Richard , from his first marriage .
Here is a revised version - let me know what you think .
Adele , Here is a revised version . Let me know what you think . Mark
This will summarize our conversation this morning in which you asked if there was a problem with your purchase of an equity investment ( through a private placement ) in an internet/communications company . My response was that Enron prohibits the trading by employees of ( i ) any security on the Restricted List maintained by the Compliance Group , ( ii ) any security , instrument or commodity within that employees area of responsibility and ( iii ) any energy commodity . I suggested that you contact Donna Lowry to confirm both my understanding and that the security in question is not on teh Restricted List . While I did not mention it on the phone , I should point out that it would be unwise to take a position in a competitor of Enron's that would ( or might in the future ) give you control or the appearance of control or influence over the management of that competitor .
Good idea !
This letter goes a good bit further than we have with any of the North American counterparties negotiating the ETA in that it identifies only those portions of the ETA that control over the masters rather than identifying those provisions which are subject to the masters . In my view there are really only very few places where we do not want the ETA to govern . Most of the agreement relates to the use of the website itself and to that extent there either should be no conflict with the master or if , by some tortured interpretation there is a conflict , the ETA should control . In one case I had to go through the entire ETA with the counterparty's lawyer , paragraph by paragraph , to identify those provisions where we would be willing to allow the master to control . The only sections we had to amend were the first sentence of section 3(e ) ( regarding confirmations - this may be different in the UK version) , the confidentiality provisions and the notice provisions of section 6(e) . And of course nearly every counterparty making comments has insisted that the indemnity provisions be scaled back to one extent or another . Maybe if PowerGen is intransigent , they would be willing to add a sentence to the letter indicating that the ETA will control regarding the acess to and use of the website . In an attempt to differentiate between our contractual trading arrangements and our agreement concerning the use of the website , perhaps Paragraph 3(a ) can read something like "Except as set forth under paragraph 3.(b ) and ( c ) below , in the event of any conflict between the ETA and the master agreement , with respect to the terms of any Transactionthe master agreement shall prevail . If we have to use this letter , my only other suggestion to the language would be to refer in paragraph numbered 1 to "The agreements listed beloweach comprises a" or better yet "Each agreement listed below is a" rather than "The agreements listed below comprise the" .
We need to revise the Counterparty Matrix procedures . Counterparties with a North American financial master agreement should only map to North American financial products ( including all weather and paper transactions) . Therefore , please revise the counterparty matrix to reflect that those counterparties with a North American master map to GTC's for European derivative transactions . Please call me or Tana if you have any questions . Thanks ! Mark
I'm off to New York for a meeting but thought you might like to see this: Wednesday January 12 , 11:30 am Eastern Time RESEARCH ALERT - Enron price target raised NEW YORK , Jan 12 ( Reuters ) - Schroder & Co Inc said Wednesday it raised Enron Corp's ( NYSE:ENE - news ) price target to $75 from $60 and cut 2000 earnings per share estimates . -- raised price target because ``as the bandwidth trading market unfolds over the next 12 months , we anticipate that an additional $15 of value will be created for shareholders , with considerably greater value possible as the market develops.'' -- cut 2000 estimates to $1.45 per share from $1.55 "due to -- "Bandwidth trading will be a critical value creator in 2000 . Enron has built a critical base in the emerging bandwidth commodity industry , which is poised to achieve rapid growth in -- ``Bandwidth trading keys off Enron's market dominant skills developed in trading electricity and natural gas . After executing the first key bandwidth trade in 1999 , Enron appears poised to begin posting rising transaction volumes , establishing the credibility of this new industry.'' -- ``The ultimate value of bandwidth trading is likely to exceed the total value of Enron's existing electricity and gas franchise.''
Would you guys please take a look at this and let me know what sorts of restrictions you would suggest we try and put on these guys and what sorts of legal disclaimers/notices should be on the site ? Thanks , Mark Have you seen this ?
The SRRS indicates there are no requests awaiting my approval .
The flyer didn't come through - do you have a copy ?
Don't be too hard on him just yet . Remember that we talked about many similar issues here when they first came up . Maybe after we've been through these with him once he will negotiate them in the first case and only bring the tough sticking points to us .
Just so you know what may be coming , I have spent roughly half of my time in the office over the last six weeks negotiating these sorts of requests . It is very time consuming . My comments below in red . Best of luck and feel free to call with any issues . Mark
Approved
I have gone ahead and forwarded this and the ECFC version to the EOL people to be uploaded . I do have a concern though that I wanted to ask you about . These GTC's use the defined term "Commercial Term" which is defined as follows: "Commercial Terms" means that part of this Agreement confirming in writing the specific terms of a Transaction which may be in any form adequate at law that is issued in connection with a Transaction . We have taken the position in our other EOL trading that the transaction is complete and binding from the time we accept the counterparty's offer over the system by reference to the GTC , the numbers submitted by the counterparty ( usually volume and price ) and the Long Description . We've gone to some lengths to make sure that the combination of GTC , website numbers and Long Description contain all of the necessary terms . It's not clear to me that we intend the website numbers and Long Description to satisfy the definition of Commercial Terms . Are these transactions not intended to be binding until the confirmation is signed ? Any thoughts on this ?
I have been able to access this but our outside legal counsel ( Sullivan & Cromwell in NY ) can't . Any way for them to get access so they can advise us on this ? They are also the guys who will help with a training session on various legal issues and company policies in trading .
I thought your Mom might like the first three .
I received the attachment you sent to me at Christmas but was not sure how well it worked for you to recieve them . I took a roll of film to be developed and they had a special on having the photos returned on a disk as well as prints . I though they were the Christmas pictures that I could send to you right away - but it turns out it was an old roll .
I tried to send this to your juno address and it came back . Just in case you are home , I also received the following from the PR department a few minutes ago: Be sure to watch Chairman and CEO Ken Lay on Fox News today . He will appear on "Our World" with Neil Cavuto at 4:30 p.m . CST to discuss Enron's year-end financial and operating highlights .
I would like to attend .
Apparently there was some miscommunication . It was very clear to me after our meeting in Louise's office that with respect to proposed Reference Entities with which Enron has an existing business relationship you were going to add the consent to the notice letter . It was that consent that was to dramatically speed up the process of determining which Reference Entities could be listed . As we discussed last week , without that consent each proposed Reference Entity must be evaluated separately regarding whether or not a confidentiality agreement is in place and whether or not the existing business relationship is extensive enough to require consent . Neither of these evaluations will be easy or quick . While Enron North America has been reasonably good about compiling lists of confidentiality agreements , it is by no means clear that all other Enron entities have done so . We have not yet determined a process for evaluating the extent of the existing business relationships with our customers but that process will necessarily require significant amounts of legal and commercial time at a high enough level to make important judgment calls . My impression was that you were willing to add the consents to the notice letters since in one fell swoop it resolved a difficult legal issue and moved your earliest possible launch date forward by weeks if not months but also on the assumption that if a customer was not willing to give us their consent we should not be taking the commercial risk that it was precisely those customers whose relationships would be jeopardized by proceeding to use them as a Reference Entity . We will now move forward to develop the processes necessary to conduct the evaluations mentioned above . Please send the list of proposed Reference Entities as soon as possible .
Yes , I think they could develop some initial thoughts with that kind of description .
Is it possible to pinpoint the sources of the rumors we discussed yesterday ? If so , it might be possible to maintain an action against the culprits . I'm not sure exactly what it might be - possibly for slander or tortious interference with contract , something like that . I could discuss it with our friend Richard Sanders but it would be a waste of time if we can't identify the perpetrator .
Looks good to me - there is a chance that I will be out Feb 14 - 18 .
The vacation time looks good to me . My trip is nowhere near final yet so let's hold off on rescheduling the credit group lunch . Don't come back until you're well !
Thursday January 20 , 4:51 pm Eastern Time Company Press Release SOURCE: Enron Corp . Enron Hosts Annual Analyst Conference; Provides Business Overview and Goals for 2000 HOUSTON , Jan . 20 /PRNewswire/ -- Enron Corp . ( NYSE: ENE - news ) hosted its annual equity analyst conference today in Houston . Ken Lay , Enron chairman and chief executive officer , opened the conference by highlighting Enron's tremendous growth across all businesses and the outstanding 700 percent return to shareholders over the past decade . Enron presented key objectives for 2000: Continued strong growth in the core Wholesale Energy businesses . Break-out performance from Retail Energy Services . Rapid development of Enron Broadband Services . Enron's ability to extend core skills and competencies to new markets was a recurring theme throughout the day . Wholesale Energy Business Growth prospects remain strong for Wholesale Energy Operations and Services , Enron's largest business . Wholesale energy growth in North America is expected to be driven by the continuing deregulation of power markets in the United States and large-scale energy outsourcing by utilities and large energy consumers . Enron expects to continue to broaden its early lead across the European continent as markets quickly open to competition . Finally , Enron is rapidly expanding its wholesale presence in other markets such as Japan , where large customers will be permitted to choose their electricity provider in March EnronOnline will provide additional wholesale growth as incremental sales are generated through this innovative , Internet-based transaction system . Over 450 customers around the world have used EnronOnline and over 10,000 transactions have been completed since its introduction in late November 1999 . Yesterday , EnronOnline transaction levels reached a new record with over 700 transactions , representing a notional value of $250 million . Transaction processing costs with EnronOnline are significantly lower than costs associated with traditional transaction methods . Enron's Gas Pipeline Group is also well positioned to continue growing , with expansions planned or underway on several of its systems . Retail Energy Services With over 16,500 facilities under management , the infrastructure is in place to service customers worldwide . As the strong contracting momentum continues , Enron Energy Services is poised to rapidly increase earnings in 2000 . Enron Energy Services' goal for 2000 is to sign new contracts representing $16 billion in future expenditures by customers for energy and energy services , nearly double the level in 1999 . Enron Broadband Services The new name of Enron's communications business , Enron Broadband Services , reflects its role in the very fast growing market for premium broadband services . Enron is deploying an open , flexible global broadband network controlled by software intelligence , which precludes the need to invest in a traditional point-to-point fiber network . This Enron Intelligent Network is widely interconnected to both other wholesale bandwidth carriers and to Internet service providers , thus providing the platform for two new Enron business centers , bandwidth intermediation and broadband content delivery . A direct transfer of Enron's core market making and risk management skills from its energy businesses , bandwidth intermediation will provide capacity- holders a vast array of alternatives for flexible , low cost capacity . Enron will also provide premium broadband content services , such as high-quality video-streaming and large broadband file transfer , with differentiated levels of quality in a usage-based business model . As announced in a separate release , Enron also reached an agreement with Sun Microsystems that provides for accelerated development of broadband Internet services . Enron is one of the world's leading electricity , natural gas and communications companies . The company , which owns approximately $34 billion in energy and communications assets , produces electricity and natural gas , develops , constructs and operates energy facilities worldwide , delivers physical commodities and financial and risk management services to customers around the world , and is developing an intelligent network platform to facilitate online business . Enron's Internet address is www.enron.com , and the stock is traded under the ticker symbol , ``ENE.'' This press release includes forward looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 . Although Enron believes that its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions , it can give no assurance that its goals will be achieved . Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward looking statements herein include political developments in foreign countries , the ability to penetrate new wholesale and retail natural gas , electricity and broadband services markets , including the energy outsource market , in the United States and Europe , the timing and extent of changes in prices for crude oil , natural gas , electricity and those relating to broadband services and content , the timing and effect of changes in interest rates , the timing and success of Enron's efforts to develop domestic and international power , pipeline , communications , internet- related and other infrastructure projects , and conditions of the capital markets and equity markets during the periods covered by the forward looking statements . Contact: Gary Foster of Enron Corp. , 713-853-4527 . SOURCE: Enron Corp .
In case you are looking for value stocks to evaluate , this is the list of stocks in my "value" portfolio: Baxter Intl BAX Blockbuster BBI Circuit City CC Corning Inc GLW Duke Energy DUK Edison Intern EIX First Data Corp FDC Internatl Paper IP OM Group Inc OMP Scientific Atlanta SFA Southwest Air LUV United Parcel UPS Idon't mean to recommend any of these - particualrly since the Smith Barney people have told me they have lost confidence in this particular manager and are looking for another one .
I have sent an analyst's report on Enron as an attachment to your msn address .
Thanks for the presentation - well done !
Yes - I actually read that first - I guess now we really have to make it work .
I have put it on my calendar .
I should be here . Nella can set something up with Taffy . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Canada Corp .
I don't see any problems . It will become more challenging as we start thinking about trading .
Thanks for forwarding on the MSJ opinion . Any objection to my sending it on to our US counsel ( Sullivan & Cromwell ) who are coordinating many of these issues for us ?
In US financial trading ( derivatives ) we send the attachment each time , but it should only be 4 or 5 pages long . This may be different in the physical trading world - I'll check into it .
It never ends .
Glad you liked them . Yes , cats do seem to like to explore all sorts of spaces - grocery bags are always a good bet . I remember Dusty , the cat we had in Bethesda , used to like to sleep at the foot of my bed - under the covers . Go figure . I'd be happy to send you acopy of the photo of me . And yes again , the online platform mentioned in the analyst's report is the system I've spent so much time on over the last nine months or so . It's kind of exciting to see a project in print like that but now it means we have to really make it work ! I received the package from MetLife on the Long-Term Care insurance . I had a couple of questions which I called the company about ( premiums , pre-tax vs . after tax , etc. ) and would be happy to go over it with you . Do you want me to send the stuff to you or should we just chart about it frst ? Love , Mark
FYI
II have tried to approve this through the Data Manager - not sure if it worked . I know we must have been through this any number of times before but each time I read one of these I wonder how we are supposed to figure out the Notional Quantity . It says "calculated from the volume submitted by Counterparty on the website" but how do we know how to calculate it ? Where does it say whether that number is a daily or monthly number ? Gallons or Barrels ? I remain confused .
My comments/suggestions below in red . As always , I'm happy to discuss .
Thank you very much - can I get a copy of the Risk article ? The BIS numbers unfortunately do not distinguish which of the commodity numbers are applicable to energy , and worse yet they include only numbers from reporting banks . In the energy area a large proportion of the transactions are by non-bank institutions -this makes finding the numbers much harder because companies like Enron are not required to publicly disclose their positions . Hopefully the Risk article has some numbers but if you can find anything else specifically relating to the size of the energy derivatives markets that would be helpful .
Here's a draft of a termination letter . I'd be happy to see what everyone thinks before we use it . For instance , what tone are we aiming for ? If we want to be all legal and hard-nosed , I can throw in ETA section references , etc . or if we want to be softer we can emphasize other trading opportunities within Enron and possibly explain our reasons for the termination . Let me know what you think .
Just a couple of comments and questions: Is it appropriate to refer to these as "US" transactions since the prices are clearly from outside the US ? I recognize that ENA is the counterparty but I think this may be confusing to our customers . The term Business Day should be capitalized ( it's defined in the GTC ) [but it's defined with reference to NY & Houston banks being open - does that work for pulp transactions?] . I'm not thrilled with the language for the last ten days of the contract period on the Pulpex description - is that what we use for current confirmations ? In the definition of the Index for the Finnish product , the word "relevent" should be deleted .
I glanced at the power product description ( what I could see of it ) - Is it definately a physical transaction ? where does the power get delivered ? If it really is physical , I'll need to get one of the power trading lawyers to look it over .
Here's one .
I have enlisted the assistance of Carol St . Clair to handle the ETA comments and negotiations . I will be meeting with her this afternoon to go over the details of what we have been doing so far . It would make sense for you to meet her at some point in the near future . She is not a junior lawyer by any stretch and should be able to handle most issues that come up with minimal assistance . In fact , as she becomes more familiar with EOL and its structure/issues generally , she will make a great back-up for me for all EOL issues .
There are about 15 - 20 pages you would probably want to see . If that's not too many for you to receive I don't mind faxing it . You can always call me from the office with the fax number when you're ready - I can even leave it with my assistant when I'm away from my desk in case you get her instead of me . It's finally winter here , too . Of course that's nothing compared to you guys - it might get down into the 30's at night and 40's in the daytime . It's only really bad when it's that cold and it rains . Brrrr . It was probably pretty smart of Delta to send those planes to Cincinnati since as a hub they could probably get them on connecting flights to wherever they were originally headed more easily from there than anywhere else ( of course a lot were probably headed to NYC and the flights there the next day must have been packed!) . Aside from a quick one-day trip to New York I haven't had to do any traveling lately - I'll probably be going to Portland in early March and Amsterdam mid-March . I may try and get to South America sometime in February but nothing is scheduled yet . Love , Mark
Sorry for the delay - our general policy is ( and the first response to this type of question should be ) that ,  due to system requirements , it is not possible to provide for different online contracts for different counterparties . Having said that , in the few cases where a counterparty has raised what we consider to be valid and material concerns , we have agreed to a side letter agreement with that particular counterparty to vary the terms of the ETA . So if the counterparty resist the first response and threatens to not use the system for legal reasons , you should refer them to the legal department . They can contact either Carol St . Clair ( x33989 ) or me ( x37459) .
Any concerns ?
Yes , thanks - I think Tana is going to call to get some help interpreting the numbers .
Christian has not yet gotten back to me but I have asked him to check on the dates we discussed for early/mid March .
Do we know where J Aron wants us to settle the trade done from London ? If it is still settled by payment to New York , this one trade probably does not cause too much heartburn . ( See the note from Steve Douglas in Tax next following. )
We have asked the EnronOnline team to send the Master User ID and Password to the person who signed the PA . Our theory was that the signer presumably has the authority to bind the counterparty and understands that any holder of the password can also bind the counterparty . If they want to give it to someone else , so be it . But we should not be taking it upon ourselves to send the password to someone else unless we have conducted the same level of due diligence on that name as we have on the PA signer . I was told we were not looking into the authority of the "nominated" Master Users inn any way but that we were taking some steps to verify the authority of the PA signers . It just seemed safer to me to take this approach .
The package you sent arrived today . I'll open it when I get home . I sent the MetLife insurance materials by regular mail today .
These look ok to me but I think somebody who knows what they're talking about should look at them too .
Jeff: Sorry for the delay - I'm still trying to track this down . Obviously I don't know the answer right off and no one I've asked so far knows for sure ( although those who know a little something about the area don't think it looks good) . I hope to have a final answer for you early next week . Mark
How do these look to you ? You can ignore my previous e-mail .
My only concern is that the Floating Price is the Index for the Determination Period ( which is a month ) but the Index is a daily index . Should we be taking the average for the month ?
That looks good to me .
Here's another one .
This may be one of the things we have to deal with in connection with the SA restructuring . In the past it was easy enough to justify using Don's budget since in theory all of your work was for his benefit . Now it isn't quite so clear . I think we need to figure out exactly who you are supporting - is there a separate RC for Argentina trading ?
I sent the web address of the address of the site we were talking about last week as part of another e-mail(1/27) . This is just to check and make sure you knew it was there and have been able to access the site .
The web site address is at the bottom .
Dear Schuyler: It seems to me that you used to chair a seminar put on by the Euromoney people on swap documentation . We used to send our new lawyers and more experienced paralegals to the introductory course and the more experienced lawyers to the advanced course . It appears that Euromoney is no longer putting this on . Are you doing something similar through another provider ? Mark Taylor
The system is certainly not set up to accommodate that now but we could probably draft around it on a case by case basis . It strikes me that while we might be able to come up with a legal framework that would allow for this , the credit considerations are more problematic . I would guess that the back office will also be unhappy about having to manually rearrange all of the trades . This really seems like it is similar to the Aquilla problem in some respects . When we suggested allowing one entity to trade for another , Credit was quite concerned because the system wouldn't be able to check the appropriate headroom . I suppose Credit could just assign the lowest headroom for any of the eligible entities to the entire relationship - would that be acceptable to everyone ? Another possibility is for the fund to set up a master trading entity which does the trades with us and then does back to back deals with whichever entities need the allocations . That would let them do a large transaction on EOL and then smaller transactions with the other entities . Of course , the master trading entity would need to qualify for credit on its own somehow . Guarantees from anyone other than the owner would be difficult ( upstream guarantee problems) .
We met with the commercial team this afternoon and I was able to piece together the following: Access to the auction site will be by clicking on a button on the EnronOnline ( note spelling ) trading page . Most users of the site will already be signed up for EnronOnline - both a PA and ETA executed . Other users will be given a user ID and password that give them "guest" access to EnronOnline and trading access to the auction page . On the auction page the users may submit their offers to transact ( either to buy or sell ) with Enron . The page will list a reserve price and identify the number of credits to be auctioned . We are willing to commit to transact up to that number with the best bidders ( at or beyond the reserve price ) but may transact larger volumes if we choose . Users' offers may be submitted at any time during the auction period ( this time frame remains a bit unclear - probably one day , possibly a week or more ) and must remain binding until the close of the bidding and determination of winning bidders . Certain uncreditworthy users may be required to post a deposit in the full amount of their offer to buy . It is not yet clear if we will publish the offers after the fact ( maybe just the winning offers - all without names of course ) or even during the auction period but we would like to have that option . I'm sure I've missed a few points but that gives you the flavor . Harry is preparing the "GTC" for the actual purchases and sales - I assume based on our standard contracts for these products . We need to put the legal framework together for the rest of it . If the existing PA and ETA are adequate , that would be great but I haven't reread them with that in mind . We REALLY don't want to have to have existing users sign another piece of paper . It makes sense that the existing ETA covers some territory that won't matter to users who only have access to the auction page ( e.g . references to master agreements ) so a stripped down version of the ETA for those counterparties would make sense . Can we talk on Monday ?
Just on the off chance you haven't had enough regarding EnronOnline to think about recently , Louise has announced meetings on Thursday and Friday of this week to discuss "Phase II" of the project . It seems like an opportune time to come up with our wish-list of possible changes to the site and the legal structure .
I haven't had a chance to look at this yet but here it is .
That sounds right to me - we were going to pay for extra trips ( like the ENA legal conference int eh fall ) but this meeting is for all lawyers so they would have to pay for this regardless .
Jan: Thanks for your note . Tim Belden has asked Dana to book a conference room - maybe you can coordinate with her . It might also be nice if there is a spare office or two that could be booked for the day ( including the morning ) so we will have a place to work when not in the meetings . The only people I know of coming from out of town will be me and Ken Raisler , a lawyer with Sullivan & Cromwell in New York . We will have a better idea of any audio-visual equipment we need as we get closer to the meeting date .
The second product listed here is physical . It looks ok to me but I don't really know - can you take a look and approve it or comment to Dale please ? Thanks !
Here's another one .
I have not received any comments . I consider it final . Let me know if you need to have it customized for any particular circumstance . Since I don't know who ( or for that matter what ) the PCG heads are , I sugggest that if they need it you send them copies .
Here is S&C's first draft .
Unless you object , we have decided to structure the auction site with the "auction procedures" set out on the bid page , immediately above the "submit" button . As soon as the bid is submitted , the system will check to see if the counterparty has already accepted the GTC's or has a master in place . Here is S&C's first draft of the procedures for an auction without a reserve price , with no commitment to sell ( or buy ) and no disclosure of bids to other parties . It is my impression that this is the way the EnBank auctions will be conducted . Is that correct ? Any suggestions/comments ? Mark
I wish it were more clear . I am trying to get down there to talk to the commercial people about the business direction and support we can provide but until then I don't know that we should get their hopes up . I had hoped to come this week but Randy is here in Houston . Maybe second half of next week ? Do you know if everyone will be in those days ? ( I was thinking Sao
Are either of you guys aware of this web-site ? It looks like our weather people have put this out on the web ahead of us . I think we need to talk to them about what they are allowed to post and what sorts of disclaimers should be there as well . I just wanted to check with you before I call the weather desk here Mark
Paul is out sick today - I'll see what I can find out tomorrow .
Here are my comments ( together with my voice mail comment to Dave regarding an earlier deletion) .
Here are the procedures toegther with our comments . If you have access to Word , you can see the changes and who made them .
I'm afraid I disagree with Justin but prefer not to do so publicly . It seems to me we need a verifiable end time for the Auction Period and should choose a time and a time zone that makes sense for the traders and counterparties ( presumably UK for EnBank but Central for emissions credits) .
Justin - are the EnBank contracts physical or financial ? It seems to me we should use the same customer profiles - that is if the contracts are physical , then any counterparty which can trade physical UK gas should have access . If the contracts are financial , then any counterparty that can trade UK derivatives should have access . Mark
It turns out the initial auction product will not be the emissions credits but rather the EnBank UK synthetic gas storage product . They want this auction to allow bids to be revoked or revised up until the end of the auction period and not to have the ability to accept bids until the expiration time . There is still no commitment to sell anything . All transactions will be for sales by Enron to the counterparty . I have taken a stab at revising the procedures language with this in mind .
Here's a stab at tthe procedures which provides for hte ability to revise or revoke bids during the auction period . Comments ?
FYI
I'm not sure which "process" you are referring to . I have not yet seen a list of proposed reference entities and if any of them have a business relationship with Enron they will need to be subject to a deeper legal review . The process for that review has not yet been finalized but for some potential reference entitiesit will be very time consuming ( i.e . for those entities where the extent and nature of the business relationship is unclear) . The "soft" Chinese walls also have yet to be built for the US . For those walls to be effective there may need top be training for people on both sides of the walls .
With the final comment from Sullivan & Cromwell:
Is this a document that is available generall ? If so , can we get a copy ?
Yes , this looks better to me .
FYI
I'm not sure I agree with you . There is a big difference between listing the price for a reference entity's credit online ( i.e . in a nearly public manner ) vs . providing a price quote to customers who request it . The almost public nature of the marketing may influence whether or not the reference entity is happy with Enron trading the product . Even if they are not affected in this way , having given them notice in advance will at least give us moral high ground if the reference entity later decides to object .
I finally got my film developed - this gives you an idea of how often I use the camera - and thought you might like these . Unfortunately the only shot on the roll of Bruce didn't turn out - directly attributable to the photographer's lack of skill - and we never did have anybody take a group shot . There were several others that you can tell would have been great shots if my thumb hadn't half obscured the lens . The sunset was taken during our last night there while you guys were swimming off in the direction the picture was taken ( if you listen carefully , you can almost hear Ted losing his lunch down below) . Hope you guys are well - any trips to Houston on the agenda ? Mark
Edmund: Thanks for your voice mail and sorry for the delay , just a couple of questions and minor points ont eh GTC - In paragraph 1 , the usual practice in North America would be for the executed confirmation to control over other evidence . Since online credit derivatives are not traded under our existing master agreements , we need to make clear to the Credit Group that these positions should not be included when they determine their rights to call for collateral under the masters . I'm not familiar with the fraud limitation towards the end of Section 6 . Is this particular to credit derivatives ? With respect to the third paragraph of Section 9 , we need to be aware that these GTC's can be accepted by any EOL user while the ETA must be accepted by the Mater User . It is not entirely clear that all sub-users will have the authority to amend the ETA . Is the purpose of the second sentence to "deactivate" master agreements that might otherwise control the transaction ? If so , in other circumstances where we needed to force the GTC to override a master , we have taken additional steps to notify the affected counterparties . ( I can't remember if we required that the counterparty execute a side letter or if we just notified them that acceptance of the GTC would acknowledge that the master did not control. ) I'm sure you guys have spent untold hours on the definition of Bankruptcy Event , but I do want to point out that under US bankruptcy law it is impossible to have an involuntary bankruptcy dismissed within 30 days . If we actually want the poor unsuspecting Reference Entity to have a chance to have the case dismissed , 90 days might do it ( I am told that the various periods for notices and responses prior to the date a hearing may be held add up to more than 60 days) . I'm uncomfortable with the use of the term "Month." What would the Effective Date be for a transaction entered into on December 30 ? You could argue that it is either the last day of February or the first or second day of March . The ambiguity could be resolved by using a number of days and a business day convention . This is probably an issue for all of our derivatives - should we apply a different interest rate to non-US$ payments ? It is Mark Haedicke's relatively unwavering policy that US . derivatives trading agreements be subject to arbitration . We rarely submit to the jurisdiction of NY courts unless the counterparty is incorporated outside the US . Unless you have received a special dispensation from Mark , there is some straightforward arbitration language in the ENA financial GTC . Our other derivatives agreements contain confidentiality provisions - have we decided not to include one here for a particular reason ? Again . sorry for the delay . I will be here all week and happy to discuss any of these points . Mark
There are a few points in here that you might be interested in - or not .
I received the proposed list of reference entities today . Here is a draft of a memo that I cobbled together to use in trying to get input from others within Enron for the restriced list . Would you let me know what you think ? I will be meeting with Mark H . tomorrow to talk with him about it . It isn't clear to me who should receive this and from whom it should come . Since the communications people may have relationships with some of these folks , is Kristina the right person ? I know that EES has some kind of joint venture with AOL - should Vicki sign off ? If it is going to such persons , should the memo come from Mark ? Cliff Baxter ? John Sheriff ? Jim Derrick ?
Enron North America and Enron Europe will offer credit derivatives throughthe EnronOnline website in the near future . These products will provide foregularly scheduled payments by the purchaser and a payment by the seller ithe event of the bankruptcy of a specified &Reference Entity.8 For a number of reasons , including those identified below , Enron maintains a &Restricted List8 in connection with its credit derivatives business , which will list those entities that may not be included in the list of ReferenceEntities or that have been deleted from the list of Reference Entities . This list is designed to comply with legal requirements , to deal with potentialconflicts of interest that might result because of our diverse activities,and to prevent the appearance of impropriety in connection with Enron,scredit derivatives trading activities . The credit derivatives RestrictedList is designed for other purposes as well . For example , a company may beplaced on the Restricted List if Enron is not able to assume any further credit exposure to that company or believes that market conditions do notwarrant the trading of Credit Derivatives on such Reference Entity . A company ordinarily will be placed on the credit derivatives Restricted List , either before or after it has become a Reference Entity on which credit derivatives are traded , in the following circumstances: when Enron is actively engaged in effecting a material transaction with respect to such company that has not been publicly announced; when Enron has an applicable standstill agreement or other confidentialityagreement in place with such company; when Enron has a legal duty to keep such company's information confidentialand such company has not expressly consented to being a Reference Entity fopurposes of the trading of credit derivatives ( such a legal duty may be afiduciary duty but may not rise to that level); when some part of Enron acquires material , nonpublic information about a company or its securities in the course of its business activities; when Enron has reached or exceeded its credit limits with respect to suchcompany . The purpose of this memorandum is to alert you to this new business and torequest your assistance in evaluating proposed Reference Entities prior tothe trading of credit derivatives based on such companies . Below is a listof proposed Reference Entities . Please take a few minutes to look at thislist and then let me know if you are aware of any reason such companies should placed on the credit derivatives Restricted List . If you have anyquestions , please contact me at ( 713)853-7459 or Paul Simons in the Londonoffice at 44-20-7783-6566 . Cinergy Corp . Duke Energy Corporation Dynegy Inc . El Paso Energy Corporation Southern Company Inc , The AOL Lucent Technology Nortel Qwest Communications
My recollection is that we did this on purpose - that the industry works this way for all participants ( or nearly all ) so we built our documents to reflect that practice . Do I remember correctly ?
I just called Diomedes' office to try and get on his calendar next week . They told me he is not there and won't be back until after Carnival which I guess means March 9 at the earliest . I am in Portland the 6th & 7th ( Mon . & Tues. ) and Amsterdam the 13th - 17th ( Tues . - Fri.) . Unless an emergency comes up it looks like the earliest I can reasonably expect to make it will be towards the end of March ( 27 - 31?) .
Here is the list of reference entities I received from Debbie with the confidentiality agreements and the reference entities they relate to indicated . If the reference entity name is in bold we have a confidentiality agreement with the entity itself . I notice that AOL , Nortel and Qwest are not on the list ( they were on the original list for actual trading sent to me ) - were they removed by you guys ? Reference Entity Affiliate Confidentiality Agreements AGL Resources Inc . AT & T Corp . AT&T Commercial Finance Corporation Atlantic Richfield Company US coal business of Atlantic Richfield Company Baltimore Gas and Electric Company Bay State Gas Company Bell Atlantic Corp BellSouth Corp . Boston Edison Company Boston Gas Company Burlington Resources Inc . Carolina Power & Light Company Central Illinois Light Company Central Maine Power Company Central Power and Light Company Chevron Corp ` Chevron USA Inc . Cinergy Corp . Citizens Utilities Company Columbia Energy Group Columbia Energy Services Corporation Columbia Electric Corporation Commonwealth Edison Corp Commonwealth Electric Company Conoco Inc . Conoco Canada Limited Consolidated Edison Inc Consolidated Edison Energy , Inc . Constellation Energy Group Cox Communications Inc Dayton Power and Light Company , The DPL Incorporated Dominion Resources Inc . Dominion Energy Canada Ltd . Dow Chemical Company Dow Chemical Canada Inc . DQE Inc Duke Energy Corporation Duke Energy Field Services , Inc . Duke Energy Power Services LLC Duquesne Light Company Dynegy Inc . Dynergy Power Holdings , Inc . El Paso Energy Corp El Paso Electric Company El Paso Energy Marketing Company El Paso Field Services Company El paso Merchant Energy , L.P . El Paso Power Services , Inc . Exxon Mobil Corporation Exxon Pipeline Company Mobil Business Resources Corporation Florida Power & Light Company FPL Group Inc . FPL Energy , Inc . IDACORP Inc . Idaho Power Company Illinois Power Company Lucent Technologies Utilities Solutions Business of Lucent Technologies , Inc . Marathon Oil Company Marathon Canada Limited MCI World Com Inc . Montana Power Company Nevada Power Company New Jersey Natural Gas Company New York State Electric & Gas Corporation Niagara Mohawk Power Corporation Occidental Petroleum Corp Occidental Energy Marketing , Inc . Oklahoma Gas And Electric Company Pacific Gas & Electric Company Pacific Gas & Electric Corporation ( same entity? ) PG&E Generating Company Peco Energy Company Pennzoil-Quaker State Company Peoples Energy Corp Peoples Energy Services Corporation PG&E Corporation how is this related to Pacific Gas & Electric Company ? Phillips Petroleum Company Phillips Petroleum Co , U.K . Ltd . Piedmont Natural Gas Co Potomac Electric Power Company San Diego Gas & Electric Company Sierra Pacific Power Company Southern California Gas Company Southern Company Inc Southern Company Services , Inc . Texaco Inc . Texaco Limited Texaco North Sea UK Company Texas-New Mexico Power Company The Peoples Gas Light & Coke Company Ultramar Diamond Shamrock US West , Inc . Utilicorp United Inc . Vastar Resources , Inc . Virginia Electric and Power Company Virginia Gas Co . ( related? ) Washington Gas Light Company Wisconsin Electric Power Company Wisconsin Gas Company Wisconsin Power And Light Company
Brent - what is your home number ? You can get me at the office today ( Monday until around lunch time , then you can try my cell phone 713-206-8080 .
I just looked at the first couple of documents attached and wanted to make sure the second item listed in them works . Is everyone comfortable that the volume should be submitted in megawatts and then divided in half to produce megawatt hours ? I think it works but I had to work through it to get there - it wasn't immediately obvious to me .
This is getting a bit confusing - is this list included in Bryan's "Final" list ?
Should we have Alan in this as well ?
Looks fine to me .
These look ok . I'm still unhappy with using an average of the index for each day when there is only one index for the entire month but I guess we're stuck with it for now .
Also fine - with the same "averaging" concern .
This one looks like it is in the "rejected" category . How should I proceed ?
My only concern is that it looks like we are modifying the NYMEX price twice - once in the second sentence and then again in th definition of Index .
Here is the revised list - there are several European entities that we showed in our database so I have highlightedd them as well . There were also several from Friday's list that were still there so I have also bolded those . I'll try to track down what happened with those entities ( Cinergy , DPL , NJ Nat Gas , Niagara Mohawk & Washington Gas Light) .
I have read the Lucent CA and it is OK to go ahead and keep them on the list - the CA seems to cover a relatively small transaction and expires on March 25 anyway . We are in the process of pulling the CA's for Dow , DuPont , GE , IMC , 3M , Pitney Bowes , Praxair and Sprint .
Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm Eagles may soar , but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines I'm terribly concerned about my memory , but for the life of me I can't remember why The early bird may get the worm , but the second mouse gets the cheese I almost had a psychic girlfriend but she left me before we met I intend to live forever - so far , so good If Barbie is so popular , why do you have to buy her friends ? Quantum Mechanics: The dreams stuff is made of Televangelists: The professional wrestlers of religion When everything's coming your way , you're in the wrong lane Shin: a device for finding furniture in the dark Ambition is a poor excuse for not having enough sense to be lazy Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder We all have a photographic memory . Some of us have just run out of film OK , so what's the speed of dark ? Black holes are where God divided by zero
Oops - that was supposed to be AT&T - Lucent is the one that lasts forever and deals with the Utility Solutions business .
Too bad you didn't call when you got in - I wasn't able to find Mr . B until about 8 - we missed the first half but went anyway . Have you guys been up to anything fun lately ? Did you know T has a new job ? He's at an internet start-up called iVita .
He's doing PR and IR for them - what they do isn't entirely clear to me - something to do with accounting software I think . They are going to launch a web site next month . We'll have to get together and let him give you all the details .
The only ones we found any trouble with are ABB and Sanyo - the rest look clear for now .
What is the list of proposed Reference Entities for EnronOnline ( to go live March 8?) ?
Richard - do we have a policy regarding questions concerning pending litigation ? How should we handle these ? Mark
Do any of you guys know about this deal ?
Paul - Thanks for your voice mail . We can't print the list of Reference Entities from the website because we have not been given access . We do need to get that list to the various other reviewers in Houston and I am sure that is the list that Michael referred to . The EnronOnline people are probably concerned because they don't have a final list of Reference Entities for their launch . That list absolutely must be scrubbed by the other GC's before it is approved . Mark
Did you get a chance to look at the Credit GTC ?
Carol St . Clair will be the swap lawyer for this transaction .
This is the site you had trouble looking at a few weeks ago - I had to send the address a couple of times .
Thanks - I needed a good smile today .
Does this affect only the "booking" of the transactions ? That is , from the contract point of view the trade is still done today , and should be dated the dy the trade was done , even though we may not get it into the bood until the following day . Sort of an internal vs . external issue . Enron North America Corp .
There are still certain jurisdictions where we are not offering the product: Germany and Canada come to mind .
Bryan - In fact , in order to get this first list of 200 or so on the non-transactional web page , we conducted only a very brief legal review in Houston - th full review takes much longer since it involves input from a variety of people . Mark
David - The Password Application and ETA look fine to me . Mark
That is correct .
It never ends .
Do you want legal bills for this aspect of the project sent through on the EnronOnline work order or separately ?
Thanks for your card and hello to the whole family . I didn't know you guys were in Mass . Is this a long term move ? Things are still pretty much the same in Houston . We'd certainly look forward to seeing more of you down this way !
As we discussed , attached is the new list of proposed reference entities . I have also attached my previous memo outlining the propsosed business and our concerns .
Can we do the call at 3:00 Houston time ?
I'll be there - is it really only to last 2 hours ?
Why is Enron's stock so volatile now ? Since today's session started , ENE has lost another $2.50 ! Mr . Ken Lay replies I haven't had a chance to check our stock today , but I think for several reasons it's more volatile . But before I comment on that , our stock price is still up even if it went down that much today . It's up 40% since the beginning of the year when the Dow was down . As recently as mid-December , the stock price is up about 75% . That's one reason why it's so volatile . Some people bought in along the way , they've had a good strong increase , particularly with the uncertainty in the marketplace , people just want to take some money off the table . As we become more of a technology stock , a high P/E stock , a growth stock held by growth portfolios , you're going to have more volatility , just like all the other companies that fit into that category . Throughout the market , technology stocks quite often go up or down not just $3-$4 a whack , but often $10-$12-$15 a whack . What I tell Mark Koenig is I love that volatility on the upside , but I hate it on the down side . We've had a change in the ownership of our stock . Increasingly , it's being bought by the growth portfolio managers , and increasingly it's being sold by the value and other portfolio managers that picked it up at much lower valuations , and now at these values they want to take their money and put it back into lower P/E stocks . I know this makes everybody a little nervous , but this is probably the world we're in now . I'd rather be in this world with a 50 P/E than the more stable world with a 20 P/E .
I have explained to Bryan that the legal due-diligence effort for reference entities for trading on EnronOnline will be a lengthier process than that which we were able to accomplish before the launch of the EnronCredit.com page . That process is now underway . Going forward , I would hope that we will have more lead time and be able to complete the process for both sites before a reference entity is used .
I'm not sure anyone told you about this - can you make it on Friday ?
I'm not sure what "penalites" they're referring to . I assume it's a physical concept . If we trade power with these guys I guess you would be the right person . If it's gas , probably Stacy .
Please give me a call and we can discuss . Shari is now definately moving to power trading ( not public yet ) so we really need to figure out how we are going to cover all the bases - short and long term . I will be out the 14th through the 17th and plan to be in S.A . the last week in March . It would be grea if we could both be there for the second seminar ( looks like the more pertinent to our issues ) but I hate to think of Carol left all by herself that much . Let's see what we can figure out to make sure everything is covered .
I am not available at all on Friday through Tuesday but the meeting can go ahead without me if necessary . Enron North America Corp .
Here is a set of disclaimers for your website . Have you looked into getting the name trademarked ? If not , let me know and I can try and move that along from here .
Sorry - it looks like I can not attend . My travel schedule is pretty tight this month - do you think it makes sense to set something up for April ? Enron North America Corp .
David - I am putting together the request for assistance from local counsel in Japan in preparation for opening up EnronOnline to Japanese counterparties . If you have a copy of the request you sent to MSJ when you started working on this for Australia it would be very helpful to me . I have what we've used in Europe but would be grateful for your thoughts as well . Thanks , Mark
That's perfect - let's aim for May - thanks Enron North America Corp .
Ken: Mark H . asked me to forward to you this initial draft term sheet . We would like to talk to you , and presumably one of your colleagues , tomorrow regarding the possible antitrust implications of the proposed structure . Please give me a call and we can schedule a time . Thanks , Mark
Dave - Do we have a copy of this marked to show the changes fromt he NA ETA ?
I had assumed we were going to have a separate PA for the Auction-only counterparties . The PA contains an unfortunate reference to the ETA which will need to change if they will only be accepting the Auction-only agreement .
May I also point out that we went to great pains to keep the PA to a single page . This one looks like it runs over to the second page - at least as laid out here . I was also under the impression that a completed registration form was required before a user ID and password could be issued . While I don't object to having an address for notices on the PA , I don't think it is necessary in North America if we have a completed registration form .
Then from a legal perspective I don't have any issues . Enron North America Corp .
Edmund - I have reviewed the long descriptions I was given for the credit derivatives ( I can't tell if they are current ) and have substantial comments - I have attached what I have come up with ( sorry it's in 2 pieces) . Basically I don't think we should be restating something in the Long Description that is already covered ( sometimes with different language ) in the GTC - this only creates an ambiguity and is not necessary to form a complete contract . My other concern - and I have not been able to draft language to fix it - is that I can't find any definition of the Seller Payment amount and I don't think the Buyer Payment language works - can you give me a call so we can discuss my concerns ?
Ken - here is another ( brand new ) issue Mark H . asked me to forward on to you that he would like to discuss this afternoon in the anti-trust call .
This looks good to me . Thanks !
I have asked Kaye for copies of the CA's referred to . I agree completely re: the need for a procedure . Let me know what you think about the following: 1 . Commercial team identifies the proposed reference entity ( RE ) and forwards the name to Credit . At the same time , the commercial team should be identifying any Enron relationship with the proposed RE and discussing the proposal with the appropriate relationship head(s) . 2 . Credit reviews the proposed RE and approves or rejects ( so far there have been many rejections so this makes sense as a next cut) . If approved , Credit notifies the commercial team which then forwards the approval to Legal together with the results of their investigations regarding other Enron relationships . 3 . Legal conducts a "screening" Confidentiality Agreement review locally and forwards the name to the other Enron legal groups for similar review . If the screen reveals confidentiality agreements with the RE or any of its affiliates , the commercial team should be consulted to determine the appropriate level of further review . If the commercial team considers the RE the subject of legitimate transactional interest , detailed review of the confidentiality agreements and their impact may be appropriate . In addition , if the confidentiality agreement screens are passed , Legal should analyze the "other Enron relationships" to determine if they raise any legal concerns . Upon final approval , Legal notifies the commercial team ( copying Credit) . Something this involved may make sense only for RE's that will be offered on the website . Perhaps a streamlined version would suffice for RE's only offered pursuant to an unsolicited request .
Rod - can you tell me who the current proposed reference entity is and how it is related to the Duke companies that are parties to the confidentiality agreements listed below ? I need to know who the parents are and who the subsidiaries are and , if it is a subsidiary if it is a material sub of the reference entity . Thanks , Mark
Please forward copies of the ETA and PA to Paul Davis ( e-mail address above) . If you don't have them in your directory , Frank Davis should be able to get them to you . Thanks , Mark
Yes , this is fine with me .
Edmund: Rod Nelson has just informed me that Credit will not be approving Duke Energy Trading & Marketing as a reference entity . I don't think it makes sense to review the various Duke confidentiality agreements at this point . Please let me know if the situation changes . Mark
Can I get a copy ? I don't really know what we're talking about .
Rod - I got your voice mail & we can talk when I get back . Here is a note I sent to Edmund last week with a suggestion - let me know what you think .
I certainly haven't seen anything and there is nothing in our database - you might check with Shari Stack ( I'm in Portland until Wed.) .
Lori - here is the initial "wish list" from the credit derivatives people . If you can focus on these first and let me know about them I'd appreciate it .
Any idea what Bryan plans to gain this way ? It's not clear to me that a hard wall solves our problems with RE approvals but that's because I don't know . Maybe Ken can shed some light on this .
David - Thanks for your note . Just to keep you posted - I plan to be there with my boat but will return to my slip at Kemah Harbor and drive over to the party so I won't add to the size of your raft . Mark
What time is the game on Saturday ?
I have received reactions from several of the other Enron operating companies ( EBS , EES and GPG ) requesting that the following entities be placed on the Restricted List for credit derivatives Reference Entities: AT&T Corp . Baltimore Gas & Electric Company Bell Atlantic Corporation BellSouth Corp . Cable & Wireless plc Comdisco , Inc . Cox Communications , Inc . Intel IBM Lucent Technologies Monsanto SBC Communications Sun Microsystems Union Carbide Viacom Wisconsin Electric Power Company Wisconsin Gas Company These companies were those on the attached list ( forwarded to the various General Counsels on 2/28 ) which were found to be objectionable for one reason or another . I have not yet heard from the former EI companies .
I have not been given any reasons - the most "considered" list came from EBS where I feel sure some of them were commercial . I'm not so sure about the EES and GPG lists . These lists are going to some fairly senior people . I'm a bit hesitant to add to their workload if it isn't necessary . My suggestion would be that we ask for reasons or maybe further research on only those you particularly want to list .
We had hoped to have an answer from local counsel in Japan by the end of last week . Unfortunately we have not yet heard from them . Alan Aronowitz has sent an e-mail asking for an update on their progress . As soon as we have their answers to our questions , we will be able to prepare an ETA for counterparties trading from Japan .
Hi Mary . Barbara tells me there's a better-than-good chance you will be coming back to join the department . Hooray ! I was hoping we could chat about how you would feel about joining the financial trading group this time around . I'm leaving for the airport in just a bit to head out of town for the rest of the week but would be happy to talk when I get back and you should feel free to talk to Carol and Sara in the meantime . Mark T .
Mark H . suggested this morning that he , you and I should plan on getting together for dinner on Thursday evening . I'm leaving for the airport here in a few minutes and will be reachable in Amsterdam at the Grand Hotel or on my
Hmmm . - Barbara wasn't 100% sure of your e-mail address...... .
one more try.... .
I will not be able to attend Thursday's call .
Did we ever talk about this ? The traders ( Bob Crane in particular ) are giving Dale a hard time - they want to start trading this way immediately .
my comments made below
Just between you and me , I'm astonished -- delighted but astonished , that they fugured their way through all of those Japanese holidays and the aftermath . I'm told that the advice from Japanese counsel was recieved yesterday but I haven't read it yet . I don't anitcipate any problems . I can't tell from these e-mails if they are talikng about sending out initial packets on May 11 or going live for Japanese counterparties then ( all of whom must then have already executed PAs and been approved) .
I guess it depends on where you got the prices - were they from a particular publication ? If not , I would suggest that you go to the NYMEX website and check for older prices there and you can cite to that . Let me know if that doesn't work .
Do we have a Netherlands ETA ?
That's fine with me .
David: Tana and I would like to talk with you to set up the counterparty approval process for EnronOnline regarding Australian counterparties ( trading Australian and other products ) and Australian products being traded by non-Australian counterparties . The EnronOnline people are anxious that Tana be designated their liaison and we need to figure out what she can do and what you ( or someone else in Australia ) need to do as part of this process going forward . Any chance you might be available for a telephone conversation about this at 9:00 am your time ( 5:00 pm Houston time ) today ? Mark
My attempts to open this link result in an error message that I am not authorized to perform that operation .
Pets In the Office It's A Growing Trend In the dog-eat-dog world of business , there's a growing trend at some companies . Workers are bringing their pets to the office . Chip Paucek , who produces educational videos and television programs , has been taking his golden retriever , Hoss , to work for the last five years . Paucek and Hoss visited The Early Show and talked with Co-Anchor Jane Clayson . The dog has became the office mascot , says Paucek . "He brings a lot of emotion and people love it . He's very relaxed." But Paucek , as co-president of his company , has the freedom to bring Hoss to the office if he wishes . Not everybody can bring their pet to work . "A lot of it depends on the dog," says Paucek , who explains that Hoss is not a rowdy dog . "He just hangs out," explains Paucek . "He's easy to get along with." Hoss has free rein at the office . When Paucek is away on trips , "My wife brings him in and drops him off at the office," Paucek says . While there are plenty of positives to pets in the workplace , there are also many legal issues to consider . John Challenger , CEO of an international placement company , agrees that the trend of bringing pets to the work place is really growing . "More and more companies in this tight labor market are trying to make their working place employee-friendly and many are looking at bringing pets into the workplace," says Challenger He points out , however , that there are serious issues that employers and employees need to explore before they adopt a pets-in-the-office policy . "One of the things that the companies must do , before they jump into a policy like that , is take a poll of their employees and find out what they're thinking . If you have certain employees that don't feel comfortable with pets , you might want to rethink the policy." There are liability questions as well . For example , the company might be liable if a dog or cat bites or scratches another employee . "The company ought to talk with their attorneys before they put this kind of policy in effect," says Challenger . "The employee needs to understand that if their dog bites someone or the cat scratches someone , it can't be the company's fault." Allergies are a major deterrent to bringing cats to the office . "Many people are allergic to cat hair . You have to think , as an employer , will you put them in a certain part of your space . What about people who are afraid of animals ? Many don't feel comfortable with them around . Just how many do you want ? Do you want cats and dogs and what about birds ? What about the noise of birds?" Paucek admits that when there's more than one pet in the office , "It gets chaotic." In 1997 , the American Animal Hospital Association surveyed 1,225 pet owners . They found that: 21% of those surveyed had taken their pets to work 76% feel guilty about leaving their pets at home while they're on the job 33% said they leave a TV or radio on for their animals If a company decides to allow pets in the office , they should: poll employees before they let the pets come provide a written policy about pets and list which pets are not welcome in the office establish an off-limits-to-pets area make sure employees bring documents proving pets are vaccinated bar noisy , destructive , or messy animals from the office tell employees to keep control of their animals at all times If many employees want to bring their pets to the office , the company should make a rotating schedule . When the pets-in-the-office policy does work , it's great . Paucek says when he and Hoss arrive at work , "I get off the elevator . He goes one way and I go the other . He says hello to the employees . He has his own web page."
This looks good to me so I will go ahead and approve it unless you have an objection .
This doesn't seem to allow me to approve .
Here is the e-mail we received from ISDA . Since we only have $500 left and they are suggesting $1000 for the lunch , I'm not sure it makes sense to send someone . I've left a voice-mail for Stacey to ask where they stand and whether or not they still want us to send someone .
Stacy Carey called back to say that the $500 would appreciated as would a person to attend . I didn't know if you had anyone who could go so I suggested that someone from your office call her on Monday morning to discuss details . Stacy's number is ( 202)457-6545 .
Cynthia: Here is a first draft of an agenda for our meeting this afternoon . Mark
Here is the revised Koch confirmation marked to show the changes .
I realized after I had sent the Koch confirmation to you ( but before I faxed it to Koch ) that I might have given too much away by using the Effective Date as the Buyer Payment Date . In the version I send to Koch I will change that to Trade Date . You can always change it to a later date if you want to tomorrow .
I believe that this is not the GTC but rather the master agreement used for bandwidth . I spoke with Cynthia Harkness , one of the bandwidth lawyers , last week . My impression was that the bandwidth trading documentation was still in flux and they were waiting for it to settle down before preparing a GTC .
Attached is the confirmation revised to include Ken's most recent comments .
Tana - please mark up the draft with these comments so I can see what they look like .
Jay - Thanks for your note . This definitely falls into the "(b)" category . The problem is that there are sooooo many things in the b pile already that I can't tell you exactly when this will be resolved . Having said that , I agree that the weather information is probably the least risky , but it might be helpful if you were to visit their sites and see if there is any comment about further use of the information posted there . As for the others , a little additional information would be helpful . For instance , I know we were in discussions with NGTL at one time and were unwilling to sign the letter they asked for . Was there ever any follow-up with them on that ? Is there any correspondence at all ( it doesn't have to look like an official contract) . Is the Telerate information also available from other sources ? Is it possible that Telerate gets it out really fast and that is their advantage but others are right behind with the same or very similar information ? Do we have an agreement of any kind with Telerate regarding the services they provide to us ? Thanks for your help and continuing attention to this - I agree we should be trying to do this the "right" way . Mark
There are no requests awaiting my approval .
Thanks for the messages - I have not heard anything since they left . VERY good news !
I'm not sure - I thought we were not adding any products -- just opening existing products to Japanese counterparties . Is he talking about the existing GTC's for petroleum products ?
( 713)661-5521 ( home )
RedMeteor.comwww.redmeteor.comBroker/matching site Crude Oil , Electricity , Natural Gas , and Natural Gas Liquids HoustonStreet.comwww.houstonstreet.comBroker/matching site Altra Energy Technologies , Inc.www.altra.comBroker/matching site with some electronic back-office services and software packages Natural Gas , Power Coralwww.coralconnect.com&One-to-many8 proprietary site Bloomberg Power Match NGXwww.ngx.comMany-to-many Exchange w/ clearing Natural gas CoalHubwww.freemarkets.coalhub.comAuction site )  details unknown Essentialswww.essentials.comRetail electricity , natural gas , propane,internet access , communications Utility.comwww.utility.comRetail electricity , internet service provider and home warranties ChemConnectwww.chemconnect.comBroker/matching site GE Polymerlandwww.gepolymerland.com&Big Toe8 for polymer resinsobably limited to oil filed equipment , etc . Schlumberger IndigoPoolwww.indigopool.comInformation only re: Oil and Gas properties offered for sale
Are you planning to attend the planning committee meeting in Monmouth next week ? I'm setting up dinner with Doc ( instead of the Private Dining Room affair ) in case you're interested .
When I try to open the link I get an error message saying "You are not authorized to perform that operation." There are still no requests awaiting my approval in the SRRS icon on my desktop . Sorry !
Doc: The schedule calls for the meetings to end at 5:00 . There's also a play ( The Merry Wives of Windsor ) that night and we can work around that if you were planning on going . Mark
Thanks for forwarding all of this stuff - so far it has all been mine . I think your name must come up automatically for some of these folks when they just type in Mark Taylor . It's not nearly as bad as when there was another Mark E Taylor - and he wasn't nearly as nice about it either ( instead of forwarding them to me , he would send them back to the senders with sometimes nasty notes like 'try to get it right next time') . Luckily for both you and me he is no longer with Enron -- can you imagine how bad it would be if there were three of us ? When I get these , I usually send a note back to the sender letting them know that there are two of us and they need to pay attention when addressing things to one or the other . Mark
"Good meal" in Monmouth ? Not sure if that is really possible by your standards . I had the Barnstormer in mind . It pretty much has to be better than the food at the Stockdale Center .
You might want to take a read through this one more time just to make sure I have it the way you want it .
Approved .
I had a note back from Doc asking if we wanted to go to the play after dinner . If we're not interested he can go on Sunday but if we want to go he'll get us tickets . I can go either way - what do you think ?
Thanks for your note - I'll keep those items in mind . It seems pretty clear to me that the Pres . has something of a bricks and mortar agenda and some gentle nudges towards a more academic path may be needed . I asked Mark Kopinski , who is also coming to the planning meeting , if he wanted to join us for dinner so I've sent him a note asking if he wants to go to the play or not - I'll let you know what he says - I have mixed feelings since I'd like to see the play but would regret the time we could have spent chatting .
Please order enough books for the swaps group and a few extras .
Alan: Regarding the legal comments below: My impression was that the Joe had settled the choice of law issue: i.e . the umbrella documents ( Password Application and Electronic Trading Agreement ) will be identical to those used in North America containing a New York choice of law provision . These agreements have been approved by local counsel in Japan . This is till my recommendation unless the commercial team decides that a document governed by Japanese law is essential . As is the case for all EnronOnline trading , the online GTC's governing various commodities contain an appropriate choice of law for that product ( e.g . English law for UK gas , New York law for US derivatives , etc. ) regardless of where the counterparty is situated . When a Japanese product is offered , I would assume that you will create a GTC governed by Japanese law , but last I heard that bridge is still ahead of us . I don't know what the "international contracts" are that Rousseau refers to . There is no standard agreement for online trading . The ETA provides that if a counterparty and the relevant Enron entity have a master agreement in place ( such as an ISDA Master Agreement for derivatives trading [is this what Rousseau had in mind?] ) such master will control the relevant transactions . The choice of law in that master would be the subject of negotiation at the time the master was signed . In summary , unless the commercial team has changed its mind on the documents , the legal side of things is ready to go . Mark
Rousseau: I have copied you on an e-mail to Alan Aronowitz which may answer your questions . If not , please feel free to call and we can discuss your issues . If I am not at hand when you call , my assistant can book a particular time on my calendar so we won't be trading calls forever . Mark
Mark K thought the play sounded like a good idea so if you could get tickets for us that would be great . My flight out isn't until around 11:00 Friday morning so I can always stay up late to chat ! I'll be there Thursday morning , too - I'm supposed to attend a lecture at 11 but am free before that - any Chemistry classes or labs I should sit in on ? Mark
Any further news from Russia ? There's a good chance I'll have to go to DC for a day tomorrow & if they're back I might be able to get up there to see them - I could try and get an early enough flight tomorrow afternoon that I could spend the evening with them .
FYI
What do you think ? OK with me , although I think I'm supposed to leave for South America on Sunday evening ( gone 5 days or so - this is the trip that has been postponed twice already so I won't be surprised if it is delayed again) .
Allison - I don't think they were expecting Cynthia to attend these meetings with me - there will only be one representative from each of the three companies . I did want her to know what meetings had been set up for me though and to know I was in town that day in case she wanted me to see anyone else . My flight out isn't until after 7:00 pm . and I assume that the Luken meeting will be over around 3:00 . Enron North America Corp .
FYI
Just a heads up - Mark H . asked me to set up a day that he and I could come to your office to discuss the legal issues surrounding electronic confirmations of transactions generally but in particular those done over EnronOnline . I'll check with his assistant and get a couple of potential dates .
Hey Marc ! - We're in town this weekend - let us know if you plan something .
Mario - We have conducted our initial legal due diligence for the EnronOnline launch in Japan . The advice we have received is that to the extent the agreements are enforceable under the law chosen ( e.g . New York for the PA and ETA ) they should be enforceable in Japan as well . Local counsel is aware of our business and has not identified any other legal pitfalls . We have not looked into the registration of domain names in Japan . Please let me know if this is required . Mark
Thanks for your note - I am actually checking my e-mail with my laptop at the airport in Minneapolis . I was in DC on Wednesday ( too bad Tim & Sharon aren't back ) and then flew on to Monmouth ( well , flew most of the way - the closest airport is still a bit over an hour drive away ) for a capital campaign planning committee meeting . Mark Kopinski was there and he and I had dinner with Dr . Kieft ( our fraternity advisor and one of my chem . professors ) who is still teaching . I'm now on my way back to Houston - flight delayed but shouldn't be getting back too late . Hope you are well . Love , Mark
Are you sure about this ? I didn't know I had a NY bar number .
Looks good to me .
Robbi: The CFTC issued a Regulatory Framework for some new regulations in late February , a copy of which is attached . No proposed regulations have resulted but could come out at any time now . There is also some activity on the Hill ( bills percolating through various committees: House Banking , House Agriculture and Senate Agriculture ) which are also of interest . We have been monitoring these developments and I'd be happy to talk them over with you . Please give me a call if you'd like at x37459 . Mark
I don't think this one will work for us - we would prefer a college degree .
Angelica lacks an undergraduate degree .
Yes , so far that is the plan .
The PA and ETA for Japanese counterparties will be identical to those for North America unless they need revision for some commercial reason . I will try and get to the FAQ's tomorrow .
Sorry I didn't get to you today - I have kept a slot on my calendar at 9:00 Houston time tomorrow if that works for you .
I will not be able to attend .
I will be out the 5th but plan to be here the 12th and 24th .
I have not - happy to coordinate with you .
See my answers below .
Can't we just transfer the billing to me ?
Alvin: It was good to meet you at lunch the other day . Here are my address details if you need them . Mark E . Taylor Enron North America Corp . ( EB3889 ) 1400 Smith St .
We generally do not give legal advice to our counterparties - regarding tax or other legal consequences to their trading . The only thing we could safely say would be something to the effect of "If you are concerned about the tax consequences of your EnronOnline transactions , please consult your tax advisor."
Here are my FAQ comments - all of the existing answers are still correct .
We have interviewed four candidates so far and may be able to decide on one of them - the group will be meeting early next week to discuss everyone's reactions to the interviews . If you have other resumes we would be happy to look at them - my own view is that while these candidates would be OK , they are not superstars ( like the person we are losing) . Mark
Stanford: My only remaining comment would be a request that the we have a week to provide the notice we are required to give if we are unable to obtain the exchange consents - that would mean changing the date to September 7 , 2000 at the end of the sentence . Otherwise it all looks good to me . I will forward everything on to Mark Holsworth for his final review - particularly with respect to the affiliates issue . Thanks very much for your help in getting this done . Mark
Mark: Here is the most recent draft of the Reuters document . You will see that while they didn't give us everything we asked for , they made significant progress on the indemnity . I'm not sure they have satisfied your concern regarding the Enron affiliates issues - they have added in subsidiaries in several places but refused to change the definition of "Distributor" to include affiliates . If you need a complete set of all of the drafts we have been through ( to see all of the marked changes ) let me or Dave Samuels know and we can forward them to you ( I think there were at least 4 versions since the draft we discussed with them the other day) . Since I will be in Brazil on Monday , it might make sense for you to coordinate your reactions with Dave . If you need me , please leave a voice-mail or ask my assistant ( Taffy x57373 ) to track me down . Mark
Hi Dave: Thanks for your note ! It's hard to believe that Washington House was over twenty years ago now . I left DC at the end of that summer and went to law school in Michigan . My first job after graduating was for a law firm in Houston . They opened a New York office in the mid 80's and I went there to help out . The office wasn't successful but I loved living in New York so I moved to another firm there and stayed for almost 8 years total . One of those years was spent working in Asia - primarily Indonesia and Hong Kong . I've now moved back to Houston where I am a lawyer with Enron - a large energy company - and focus on derivatives and online trading legal issues . We have offices in several countries around the world which I get to visit periodically . I'm actually writing this from Buenos Aires where I'm helping them get some products ready to trade online . I get back to Washington a couple of times a year to do some lobbying for the company and may actually have been there when you were in town - I think I was there the 11th & 12th . I've stayed in touch with Doc Kieft and Mark Kopinski and get back to M.C . from time to time . Mark lives in New York where he manages a couple of international mutual funds for American Century . I was on the Alumni Board for a few years so got back for their meetings at Homecoming and got to see the people who came back - unfortunately I haven't really stayed in touch very well . There have been a number of changes to the campus since our time so you may be surprised if you haven't been back for a while - of course Woodbine is gone , there's a new theater , a big addition to the gym and several major interior renovations . And I understand there are big plans for more - they are going to close Sixth Street , tear down Gibson and expand the campus a block to the west with at least one new dorm , a big expansion to the sports facilities ( indoor track , pool , etc. ) and a redesign of the library . Enrollment is up above 1000 . Congratulations on your successful career - who would have thought when we got out of school so many years ago that Monmouth grads could do this well ! There are doctors , bankers , chemists and lawyers everywhere you look . I guess we really did learn something while we were there . Let me know if you ever get to Texas . It would be fun to get together and catch up . Mark Taylor 1322 Rutland St .
I have asked the tax guys to talk to you directly since I am in South America this week . If you have not heard from them , you might try calling Stephen Douglas or Jeff Blumenthal . They are the tax experts for EnronOnline .
Thanks for your note . My company has revised our e-mail addresses . Please change my address in your records to Mark.Taylor@enron.com . Thanks !
I have no objection to changing the product name . The tax issue concerns the location of the trader - if the guy managing the prices is in London but the transactions are with ENA , there may be tax implications . Mark
Taffy - I've been having trouble getting this e-mail to go through to Robin Tompkins at Portland General . Would you please either find Robin's correct e-mail address and forward it to her or call and get her fax number and fax it to her . Thanks . Mark
Any idea why this question came up ?
My thoughts concerning potentially novel elements of EnronOnline: 1 . The online "making of a market" i.e . the continuous posting of real-time prices for both purchases and sales of commodities 2 . The online ability to enter into an energy commodity or commodity derivative transaction . 3 . The continuous and frequent updating of prices - including the operation of the "Stack Manager" which automates this process in many ways so that the system can react more quickly than a person . 4 . EnronOnline uses multiple levels of contractual language - a single line "short description" of abbreviated terms identifying the transaction to the trader , a long description which defines the abbreviated terms and adds additional legal language and general terms and conditions which contain the remaining contractual terms and are accepted only once by the counterparty . 5 . The site directs counterparties to different contracts based on the counterparty profile containing both credit information and information concerning the contracts the counterparty already has in place . 6 . It may be relevant for any or all of the foregoing that the EnronOnline system is web-based - i.e . the user does not require any system-specific software but just a web browser ( and an internet plug-in application ) 7 . The Master User account gives the counterparty the ability to set up passwords for sub-users for that entity and control the access and trading authority of various password holders . 8 . Each user can create customized screens showing only those products in which he or she is interested . 9 . The system provides for the submission of offers to transact by counterparties which are automatically accepted or rejected by the system based on pre-established criteria resulting in binding contracts . Mark Taylor Enron North America Corp .
Here's another lawyer applicant for the paralegal job - I don't remember this one either..... .
This one I remember seeing before but I don't remember making an interview decision one way or the other .
Thanks Tara !
Thanks for your quick reply . My apologies for asking so many questions witobvious answers . I hope I didn't waist too much of your time . I also had a chat with Dave Forster yesterday in which he set me straight on many of theissues . Thanks for creating all of this so fast ! Mark
I'm in Buenos Aires today and talked to Andrea about her computer . While they are having big problems with her laptop ( it likes to eat hard drives ) she will be able to bring it along ( it's a Compaq Armada 1500C - will that fit in the docking station?) . In case it isn't working , can we get her set up with one of the Windows 2000 machines that are being installed Tuesday morning ? Mark
I haven't been able to get into any off these things . Do you know what they are ?
My only comment would be to suggest that the Password Application and registration form be referred to as "available online" . Describing them as "online" forms may lead some to believe that they can be filled out and submitted online while in fact the Password Application must be printed out and signed before being sent to us . Mark
I will be out of the office at a seminar on Thursday and Friday of this week .
I am in an all-day seminar tomorrow and Friday - I'm afraid we may have to miss this one .
Jason - if you have time , would you please take a look at this ?
We are now able to open these but can't say I'm any happier about it . Well , maybe that's too extreme - at least it seems like a good idea in principle . But I do have several questions: Do we have a similar system here in NA ? Are we expected to review all of these ? Is there some way to filter out the junk ? To whom should I address these questions ?
Here is the Japanese repsonse which also contains our inquiry .
I don't think this person's experience is the right fit for our paralegal position .
This person doesn't have the kind of experience that we are looking for but she might work for one of the other groups in the department . I am forwarding this to Ann-Elizabeth White who may know of an appropriate spot .
These do not appear in my SRRS but I would approve them if I could .
This does not appear in my SRRS but I would approve it if I could .
In case you have to work late again and need a smile or two..... .
In the future , please print these out for me instead of sending them by Thanks !
I agree that an electronic system of tracking these things is a good idea . Either the electronic or manual system will be admissable , but the electronic system strikes me as more reliable . I'm more concerned witht he effectiveness of the notification - it's still not clear to me that adding a line on the ticker will be satisfactory . In fact , it clearly is not satisfactory for changes in the ETA or a GTC . Those documents will have to be clicked on again if any changes are made , the only remaining question being how do you highlight the changes . The significant gray area is still changes to the Long Descriptions .
Yes , I will take care of this one .
Let me know if this is what you had in mind .
Is this for you ?
I have revised my profile to give you calendar management access - sorry about the delay .
Thanks for taking care of this ! Sorry if I caused any confusion .
Release Date: 05/04/00 New York Mercantile Exchange Announces E-Commerce Venture FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE CONTACT: Maria Gonzalez NEW YORK , NY , May 4 , 2000 - The board of directors of the New York Mercantile Exchange last night approved the formation of eNYMEX , an e-commerce venture that is intended to become the premier , global exchange for over-the-counter ( OTC ) forward trading and clearing of a wide range of standardized physical commodity contracts . The board also established an implementation schedule and retained the services of Andersen Consulting to work on the venture . The Exchange plans to use its proven clearing infrastructure to introduce complete counter-party risk management for OTC trading , and create net margining with Exchange futures markets by calculating a consolidated clearing position . eNYMEX will provide a single , internet-based interface to both the OTC market and the Exchange futures market by routing futures orders to the trading floor and the NYMEX ACCESSc electronic trading system , depending on the session . The Exchange's vision for the venture also includes pursuing strategic partnerships through which eNYMEX would provide clearing services to external organizations and creating a credit structure that will permit floor members to participate in OTC markets . The range of OTC products offered will initially focus on swap contracts in crude oil , petroleum products , natural gas , and electricity , with some spot cash market products also offered . Over time , this would be expanded into such areas as precious and base metals , coal , and , potentially , bandwidth , weather , and emissions . Although the initial geographic focus will be on North America , contracts are also expected to be offered for some European and Asian locations . In addition to today's launch announcement , the key milestones of eNYMEX , are expected to be a third quarter introduction of OTC trading , followed by Internet-based order-routing for futures trading , including a common interface for OTC and futures trading , and clearing and settlement of OTC trading . Exchange Chairman Daniel Rappaport said , "The global energy and metals community has expressed a strong need for an electronic OTC platform that provides an open , independent , and neutral marketplace for trading by all participants , price transparency , counter-party credit risk management , and the liquidity created by simple standardized contracts." Mr . Rappaport also enumerated several other advantages of eNYMEX over other available OTC systems: ?  Leveraging the proven market management capabilities of the Exchange . ?  The combination of the existing futures and options markets with the eNYMEX electronic OTC market provides an ideal combination of e-commerce with "bricks & mortar" . ?  The Exchange's established and well-regarded clearinghouse , which will be used to provide counter-party risk management ?  Net margining of positions across the futures and OTC markets , providing significant cashflow benefits to participants trading across markets and commodities . eNYMEX will be a wholly owned , for-profit subsidiary of the New York Mercantile Exchange .
Sorry I missed you earlier - please blame Louise who refused to let me leave the meeting I was in with her to call . I tried to call you in London just now but there was no answer . If you are still around , please feel free to try me again but if that doesn't work I will be in all next week and am happy to set up a time that works for you . Mark
The Houston desk has asked me to prepare a form of confirm for a credit derivative based on the bankruptcy of a Canadian reference entity . Before I talk to Canadian counsel about the bankruptcy laws there I thought I should check with you guys and make sure you haven't done this already - any issues you know of ? Thanks , Mark
David; Here are our initial thoughts regarding the Posting Agreement form . I shoube in all day today and tomorrow . Please feel free to call to discuss . At the closing of the Transaction , the Company and Enron will enter into a&Posting Agreement8 pursuant to which Enron will agree to post prices for certain products to the Company,s platform in a manner that permits theCompany,s customers to electronically attempt to transact , through theCompany,s website but on EOL,s database , with respect to Subject Prod(defined below) . The Company will provide , at the Company,s expense and in accordance witEnron,s specifications and technical requirements t[specifications annexan interface which will be used by Enron to post prices for Subject Producton the Company,s website . Enron will provide , at Enron,s expense and in accordance with Enron,s specifications and technical requirements [annexan interface for the Company,s customers to attempt transactions ( as discussed below ) on the EOL database . The parties will also establish a credit interface to facilitate Enron,s credit decisions with respect toattempted transactions . The Company,s customers will be permitted to attempt to transact againstprices posted by Enron at Enron,s sole discretion . Accordingly , pricesposted by Enron on the Company,s website shall not be deemed to be offers to sell or buy , and all attempted transactions must be validated against the Edatabase in accordance with EOL,s customary operating policies and practices . The point of contract for all transactions consummated on pricethat are posted by Enron shall be the EOL database , and all of such transactions will be consummated pursuant to EOL,s General Terms and Conditions , or the terms of a master agreement between the Company,s cusand Enron , if any . [manner in which the Company,s customers will agree to transact under EOL,s General Terms and Conditions] [process of and responsibility for &mapping8 the products offered by the Company and the prices posted by Enron in order to ensure accurate matchingof Subject Products between the Company,s website and EOL,s database] Enron will not be required to pay to the Company any commission or other charge with respect to any transaction completed with EOL through the Compas Platform . Commissions charged to those customers completing transactionswith EOL shall not exceed the Company,s standard rates . Each party shall be solely responsible for the costs and expenses of operating and maintainingits respective platform; the Company will be responsible for all telecommunication costs and expenses from the Company,s website to EOLwebsite . Prior to Closing , the Company and Enron will agree to specific products witrespect to which Enron will post prices on the Company,s Platform ( theSubject Products8) . Products may be added or deleted by subsequent agreof the parties , but Enron shall have no obligation to post prices with respect to products for which it then does not post prices on EOL , or to otherwise act in a manner that is inconsistent with or contrary to its business methods , practices or policies employed on EOL . [Circumstances under which the Agreement may be terminated by a party , andconsequences of either party,s breach of the Agreement]
Would you please take care of this ASAP
Here is the draft of the questionnaire for local counsel . Let me know what you think .
If the NDA is the Confidentiality Agreement for the Energy Trading Platform ( group of six?) , I have marked it up with only those revisions I thought essential ( having discussed them with Andy ) and am now waiting to hear back regarding where I should send it ( have left voice mail for Greg and Andy is checking) . If the NDA is something else , please let me know .
Thanks for that - I had completely forgotten about the insurance issue .
This is why he never got it .
I think these will be the first days Susan Bailey gets back from being out . Please make sure this is OK with her and you guys coordinate on what's going on .
You're right - I had my weeks mixed up . Since we are one person short I'd still appreciate it if you guys would coordinate to make sure there isn't any undue confusion .
Thanks Mark - these are mine and I'll ask Louise to be more careful in her addressing .
Please be careful in addressing e-mails to me - several of yours ( re: Follow-up on Friday's meeting ) have gone to the other MarkTaylor ( Mark A Taylor) . I just found out when he forwarded them on to me .
Please respond to peoplefinder
It looks like we should send him the term sheet .
Frank - There appears to have been a mild snafu with my e-mail address ( my fault , not yours ) and I have just now seen your note from yesterday morning . I am working on the Posting Agreement . I'm afraid Louise may have thought more highly of my abilities to create something like that from whole cloth than I deserved but we will try and get that to you soon . Travis McCullough , our corporate lawyer , will get together a term sheet on the equity side of things which we should be able to get to you quickly ( no later than Thursday if his schedule permits) . I'm assuming that your legal team will have to be draftsmen of the definitive corporate documents but the term sheet should give them a good starting point ( and let you confirm that the lawyers on both sides are getting it right) . Sorry for the delay and confusion - we'll get these out to you as soon as we can . Mark
Yes - in fact it is already on my calendar !
I am available - best after 6:30 or 7:00 . Where is always difficult - quieter as opposed to noisy & crowded - but not dead either ( I'm not picky am I?) . Any suggestions ?
They shouldn't be doing any trading so I hope we won't need those things .
What is your anticipated start date in Houston ? We need to work on a place for you to sit .
I got a call from AEP asking that we have Louise initial the changes we made in the CA and fax it back to them - is she here today ?
This is the North America version . There are a number of variations for different jurisdictions . You can see them all on the website by going to enrononline.com and then going to the "How to Register" page . There is a drop-down that lists all of the available PA's .
Justin - David Samuels and Rahil Jafrey have come up with an idea for an incentive to get people to use EnronOnline . They want to set up a sports fantasy league system on the website allowing users to accumulate points and then awarding prizes to the winners . The first proposal relates to European football ( I think ) and they would like to meet to discuss the idea at 10:00 a.m . Houston time Tuesday . Any chance you might be available to listen in ?
They said they had agreed but I have not seen a copy initialed by them .
Mark - You might consider treating the choice of law and submission to jurisdiction as two separate issues . For example , if BC law is not objectionable , we could choose that law to apply but not consent to the jurisdiction of any particular court . The most likely outcome ( at least in many US states ) would be that we would end up in a BC court if we had to sue them but unless we have significant contacts with BC ( e.g . an office there ) they would have to sue us in Alberta . Mark Taylor
Yes , I spoke to her earlier this week .
Sorry I didn't get back to you in response to your voice-mail . I was hoping I could talk to Carol and Sara to see if anyone remembers why we incorporate the Credit Support Documents by reference . Regarding the cross-default , we usually do not expand the definition since we don't want to bring in other derivatives transactions - of course that was before we started doing derivatives under various master agreements with the same entities . It may be time to revisit this one .
Looks good to me .
This looks fine to me . The tax section of the draft was a holdover from the initial survey done in Europe last year . In this case , I assume that Lynn is taking care of the tax issues and may be using different counsel for tax issues . In Brazil the entire tax section of the memo was deleted before it was sent to counsel .
In this case , I would view you as Andrea's supervisor and I would be her representative at the PRC which would be here in Houston .
Alan - I know Jeff is out of town and may not see this right away so I thought I would forward it on to you .
Steve: Here is the most recent draft of the swap agreement . The marked copy ( the second attachment ) shows the changes with the exception of the payee tax rep which has been deleted in the clean version . Mark
Will putting this in the confirmation give the accountants heartburn over treating the transaction as a swap ?
Please remember to go into the Performance management System to select reviewers for this series of performance reviews .
Please remember to go into the Performance Management System to select reviewers for this series of performance reviews .
Bryan - The process for approving these involves sending the names to the General Counsels of the various operating companies here in Houston . Several of them then send the lists to the senior business people in their organizations . Unless there is a real urgency , I would suggest that we send the list all at once instead of piecemeal . What do you think ? Mark
Thanks for your note . In reply: 1 . We will change United Kingdom to England in the governing law section . 2 . and 3 . We did switch to the English law form and our form didn't provide for using securities as collateral . As you point out , it is likely that SR will always be in the money and the CSA provides for an unlimited Threshold for SR at all times so that it will never be providing collateral under that document . There are certainly other changes that could be made to the document with that in mind but in the interest of time we didn't make much of an effort on that score - our theory was that you wouldn't mind too much since you would never have to post anything under this document . Please let me know if you have any other questions or comments . Mark
That certainly makes sense to me . I had better talk to Paul about the appropriate procedures going forward .
I was assuming that Paul might have a process set up for the UK and that we could copy most of it . Do you know if he has created one already ?
Done . My only comment is that there should be an apostrophe in "Sellers" in the third line up from the bottom .
Looks good to me .
There is a meeting on my calendar for Friday morning to discuss Phase 2 content issues with people from the Research Group - not sure if this is the same issue or not .
Susan - Please send this guy a sample form of each of the Omnibus , Industrial and ISDA ( both printed form and schedule) . Thanks
Jason - would you take a quick look at this - I think Legal in London will be negotiating it so you don't have to be particularly thorough - but I thought you might have some insights given your recent experience with our other content agreements . Thanks , Mark
I agree with you 100% . I hope that Mike can make it clear to John that it is never appropriate to criticize another department - whether Legal or anyone else - in such a public manner . If he feels there is a problem that should be corrected , he should proceed through proper channels . In this case , a direct one-on-one conversation with Andrea strikes me as the most obvious route and if that is not possible , not productive or just too awkward , he should have approached either you or Mike . Sending out an e-mail that might be considered personally critical of Andrea in such a public way is clearly contrary to our core value of Respect . I hope you are able to have some input into the review process for John and this should certainly be mentioned . If you need my help in any way , please let me know .
REMOVE
Craig - There was no attachment to your e-mail . Is it coming in hard copy ? Mark
I can make it next week . Travis will be on vacation but we can patch him in by phone . Ken is available from 9 to 11 and then again from 3 or 4 onwards . Which would you prefer ?
Approved .
Another thing we'd like to talk about on Monday is the danger of becoming a Commodity Trading Advisor and the kinds of things we should look out for in the proposed website content . For example , we have heard repeated references to "market commentary" and we will need to develop some sort of guidelines to give the commentators .
Please revise my entry in the Web Directory to show my new e-mail address - Mark.Taylor@enron.com - and my Greek affiliation as Zeta Beta Tau . Thanks ! Mark Taylor , '78
I agree with you on 1 , Passport should be Password and I have put a call in to Tony Pryor to ask about #3 .
Here is the most recent draft of the Posting Agreement which we would like to discuss with you at our meeting tomorrow .
This is certainly a tough one . We go to great lengths to avoid regulation here and have been fairly successful to date . We do have some oversight from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ( FERC ) regarding our power trading and pipeline activities and local state regulators keep an eye on our purely intrastate pipeline activities , but for the most part we are unsupervised . If it helps , we conduct our derivative trading operations in accordance with Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( CFTC ) regulations ( but that's just complying with the Eligible Swap Participant and Trade Option Exemption rules) . It is true we are a member of the NYMEX and subject to their rules but they relate almost exclusively to trading on the NYMEX . It might be more helpful to talk to the guys in London about our SFA regulatory status . We have quite a bit more supervision there than we do here in the states .
Sorry about the delay . Here are my responses: 1 . Yes , this is primarily a tax issue . However , there are some countries with strange laws regarding internet usage and we have covered some of those issues with specific PA provisions for those countries . 2 . No . Only one user from each counterparty has to accept the GTC and that only the first time they trade that product . The GTC's are arranged by "Product Type" so you only have to agree to it once for that type - regardless of how many products there are - so for example you only agree to the financial derivatives GTC once no matter how many different types of swaps and options you subsequently trade . 3 . No . But if that would be helpful it can be arranged . 4 . This one doesn't make much sense to me . EnronOnline itself doesn't make any money . There is no advertizing , and EnronOnline doesn't trade - the trades are all done by the various Enron trading entities . EnronOnline is actually providing them a service . 5 . I really have no idea . I guess we would have to print out the records and have one of the IT people testify that they had not been modified . 6 . So far we haven't deleted anything . If we need to keep the records for a long time we probably can but this has not been discussed .
Were you thinking about presenting re: EnronOnline or attending to hear what the others have to say ?
Here is my first cut - what do you think ?
Here is the language I mentioned in my voice mail . Cynthia Sandherr's office should be getting in touch this afternoon with the addresses , forms of address , etc . The letters need to be hand delivered in DC on Monday so they need to be fed exed to our DC office tonight . Please call if you have any questions . Thanks ! Mark
Dan - How does this look ?
Jason Peters ( x39720 ) will be able to go with you - you might meet with him a bit ahead of time to fill him in on what you plan to do .
This looks like and ISDA comparison to me . I'm not sure who is next on the list..... .
Sorry for the delay - this looks fine to me .
What about a "Personal Best" award ?
Jeff & Carol: As you work through these issues , please remember that even though the Mexico commercial group may not plan to offer many of their own products and may not expect many other products to appeal to their customers , the EnronOnline people will expect all products listed online to be available unless we can articulate a compelling reason to restrict them . Mark
Dave: Here is the agreement I received from London which I have revised to apply to the Chicago situation . Let's consider this a rough draft at present . It does identify some interesting issues regarding how this will work . let's get together and go through it and see what we need and what we don't . Let me know what time works for you . Mark
Craig - There was nothing attached to your e-mail so I assumed you were sending something by hard copy - we haven't received anything yet . Mark
I was here .
Thanks for figuring this out !
Outside counsel reviewed EnronOnline content such as the FAQ , Legal and Privacy Statement and anything else we were concerned might create the basis for an agreement regarding how the site was used . We reviewed everything else internally .
I've never heard of these guys - not sure who this could have been meant for .
Will the Reuters feed contain a time stamp ? Some other sites let you know what time the trade was done that resulted in the quote .
We may have a problem with adding our own time stamp . First , I believe our agreement with Reuters limits our ability to modify their content and restricts what we can say about the current nature of the quotes ( they are time delayed ) and second , we don't want our time stamp to make people believe that the quote was even current as of that time - since it won't be . It might be ok to have the entire quotes section headed by a line indicating when it was last refreshed . Many sites providing quotes like this have a line ( usually towards the bottom ) indicating the delay period and most people using those sites know they have to refresh their screen to update them . Jason Peters is the expert on the terms of that agreement , so if you still feel like you need to add something you might check with him .
FYI
Paul - I think we handled this in Phase I through the Legal and Privacy Statement which is available through a link from each EnronOnline page , including the home page . If memory serves , the advice ( including the language for the Legal and Privacy Statement ) came from Clifford Chance . Justin will probably be able to fill you in on our thinking at the time . Will that be sufficient for Phase II ? We can revise the Legal and Privacy Statement if that is necessary . Mark
The EnronOnline guy responsible for the video is trying to get the contractor we used to get these guys to stop using our name . Louise may want us to contact them if he is not successful .
As long as the coal lawyers have approved the contract forms it looks good to me .
This one came after the one you sent ( which I commented on by voice mail ) but is even worse . I hope it was an earlier draft rather than a later one .
This sounds reasonable to me - any objections ?
Either works for me .
Michele: Just to let you know that I have approved the following for Carol: 1 . In addition to the 6 weeks that Enron allows for leave , Carol will add to that period by using any remaining vacation time that she has for 2000 ( I believe an additional 10-12 days) . 2 . After that time is used up , Carol will be on an unpaid leave of absence until December 31 , 2000 . Please let me know if there is anything else you need . Mark
Let's stick with what we already have on order . Is Frank ready to start Phase III as soon as Phase II is done ?
Attached is the story with my comments . 1 . I changed 'standard" to 'familiar' and deleted the reference to price discovery since these are elements of futures contracts , comparison to which we would like to avoid . If the price reference is important , 'transparency' would work as a replacement for 'discovery.' 2 . The changes to the last paragraph are to avoid the suggestion that the PA and Reg . forms can be filled out online ( they are available to be downloaded but must be signed and sent to us offline) .
Thought you might be interested in this .
Do you know when they are building the walls around the cube we designated for Janet Moore ? She is concerned .
David: Do you see any problems with a customer having the ability to chat with an Enron representative online ? Mark
Looks good to me - We should probably change Enron North America Corp . to
Tana and I were unable to find anything useful here . David Mitchell thought he might find something for us in his files and will send it to us but as he remembers it , we never got very far with the details . He probably just advised that if we ever did set up a CTA that it should be completely separate - both in legal entity and staff - from our trading activities and should be Chinese Wall fenced as well . I'll send over whatever we receive from him and warned him that you might be calling .
My comments: It's not clear to me what it means to say that Joe Hockey "joined" in the launch ( end of first paragraph) . They may be planning to update this just before release but the numbers in the fourth paragraph have increased ( I think it's up to $90 bil. ) .  The word "values" should probably be "value" in the last line of the fourth paragraph . Mark
Will this only be available inside the house ?
Answer: Conde Nast Traveler Mark E . Taylor 1322 Rutland
As per John's request .
The most recent news is that Carol has been admitted to the hospital and is in labor - things are looking ok . I'll let you know if I hear anything new .
Do you have time to talk about the direct connection issues tomorrow ( Thursday ) afternoon at 3:00 NY time ? I also have some new issues regarding the need ( or hopefully lack thereof ) for written confirmations of online transactions which we can tee up then .
On that basis I think we can go ahead without any trouble .
Do you want to take a stab at this ? I'm happy to go over it with you if you are unsure .
This looks fine to me . I would feel better without the Big "E" on the screen since I wouldn't think you would want to give the impression that each of your trading floors was an Enron office .
Here is the revised confirm - let's chat about the issues I mentioned in my voice mail .
Here is the confirm with the "out" built in .
Note that the No "Out" version requires us to pay the premium on Tuesday !
The least we can do is pass this news along . Is there anyone else we should tell ?
I think it's a good idea since the provisional application is on file - Travis is the internal lawyer who has taken care of the patent application so he will have better ideas for where the words should be placed and appropriate look and feel ( I would guess near the copyright notice and roughly equivalent size) .
Does it make sense for us to set up a meeting with you participating from Buenos Aires ? I'm not sure we have much to tell them at this stage - actually , I'm sure I don't have anything new to report but if you do that would be fine with me .
FYI
If you need more , there is a proposal from the documentation committee for a new alternative for calculating termination amounts ( we heard about it in Amsterdam ) that I think will be particularly attractive to the energy markets . I don't know where this stands officially ( I haven't heard any developments since Amsterdam ) but I can find out from Bob Pickle if you want .
Current Plan: Days away: Sept . 21 through Oct . 3 ( assuming you work on the day we leave and go back to work the day after we return ) 9 work days Wed . Sept . 20 - Leave Houston around 6:00 pm Thur . Sept . 21 - Arrv . London early a.m. , transfer to flight to Nice - Arrv . Nice around noon ? rent car & drive to first hotel ( less than 1 hour away); collapse Fri . Sept . 22 - Stay in same hotel , visit Monaco , Nice ? Sat . Sept . 23 - Drive to St . Tropez - through Nice ,  Cannes & other coastal towns , check-in mid afternoon Sun . Sept . 24 - St . Tropez Mon . Sept . 25 - St . Tropez Tue . Sept . 26 - Drive to Nice , return car , fly to Paris Wed . Sept . 27 - Paris Thur . Sept . 28 - Paris ( Versailles or Fontainbleu - half day side trip ) Fri . Sept . 29 - Paris ( Giverny - Monet's gardens - 3/4 day side trip ) Sat . Sept . 30 - Paris Sun . Oct . 1 - Paris to London in afternoon - probably by Eurostar train - ( arrv . London late afternoon ) Mon . Oct . 2 - London ( meetings for CLH ) Tues . Oct . 3 - Fly London to Houston ( lv . around noon , arrv . around
I will take care of it . Thanks for the reminder .
Is there an hour or so tomorrow or Friday that Alan and I could claim to discuss the issues we teed up last week ?
Numbers 2 and 3 still appear to be in the draft section .
Rick Buy asked me to chat with Sally Beck about this and apologized for not having consulted with Legal before submitting the report . He indicated that the results were not cast in stone and should not have been characterized , at least in connection with legal documentation , as mandates . Sally has been out of the office but promised to call me this week once she had settled back in and explain the origins of these suggestions .
Our Credit Dept . normally handles the distribution of financial information to counterparties . Tanya Rohauer has agreed to look into this .
Thanks for all the docs - I'll store that in a folder until they make me clean out all my files again . What I really need , though is the current North America versions - which have changed since last September . Does someone down there have a Word version of the current ETA and PA for NA ?
There have not been any revisions to this version . If someone else needs to receive/review , please let me or Leslie know .
Sorry about the delay .
As I mentioned in my voice-mail , this needs to go somewhere that users might actually see it - e.g . a news ticker story . Simply adding it to the Legal & Privacy Statement , while helpful , is not sufficient . EnronOnline will assist users , upon request , in arranging for direct access connection ( such as a "T1" line or other means of direct access ) to EnronOnline , as an alternative to internet access . Direct access connections might enable users to access EnronOnline more quickly than is currently possible through internet access .
It turns out they're talking about something completely different . I can fill you in on it next time we get together .
You're right , we have not agreed to the final sentence with any of our other counterparties . I doubt that the EOL people will let us do it ( though we can always ask) . I have sometimes gotten counterparties comfortable with this issue by suggesting that the master user id and password should be held by someone in the back office , the control group or even the legal department so that when a trader leaves the master user can immediately shut them off . It seems to me that this puts the risk and responsibility for dealing with rogues where it belongs - why should we be at risk if one of their traders decides to damage the company ? Having said that , I think that even without the last sentence requested we are probably in that position - if we have actually received the notice and request for termination of the password and don't do it , it would be very hard to defend if we kept doing trades and they can show they weren't authorized .
My back office suggestion is that the master user id and password be held by the back office . The master user has the ability to open and close sub-user ( i.e . individual trader ) user ids and passwords . So if a trader leaves , the back office master user can immediately turn off the user id for that trader . They can react much more quickly than we can and certainly faster than 5 days . I suppose the remaining risk there is that the back office person is the disgruntled employee .
I'm not sure who Diana is - do you know if someone has been in contact with the COMEX and has received their permission ?
The only changes were in the definition of Floating Price - otherwise this is the same as the "no-out" version we prepared last week .
Sally did not realize that the recommendations as drafted had referred to the master agreement process at all . She indicated that if she had noticed that she would have deleted the reference and will revise the recommendations to that effect now . The net result is that the only change regarding financial trading documentation will be to designate someone on the confirmation desk in Calgary to handle derivatives confirmations . Jeff Sorensen will coordinate with Peggy Hedstrom .
I will be leaving at noon on August 4 . Please add to the calendar .
Any chance you can help with this ?
Yes , I think you are right .
It depends on what we need it for - if it is just to get the counterparty's financials , the Credit Group has a form they can send out without legal review . If there is more to it than that , you may want to check with the paralegals and see what is in the current form bank .
As we discussed .
How do you feel about this ?
I believe I approved this yesterday . If further action is required , please let me know .
Simon: Sorry about the delay . I know we subscribe to various information services from Bloomberg and Reuters , but I am not aware of any relationship we have with Thomson Financial - then again that's not too surprising . I suggest you talk to the people in investor relations and maybe the Info Central people who may have subscribed to such services . The only way I would have heard about them would be if they were to be used for EnronOnline or in the highly unlikely event that they had consulted me on the subscription contracts . Please feel free to call if I can be of any other help . Mark ( x37459 )
Paul: Here is the FSA letter with my comments inserted in red . I have tried to make it a bit stronger by deleting references to our positions being merely "arguable." The language I deleted in the first part of 3.4 I thought was unnecessary and just point out doors that may remain open for the SFA . The language added in 3.5 was an attempt to show how much EEFT does vs . Is there a reason we are referring to Net Works rather than EnronOnline LLC ? It is also a Delaware limited liability company . Are we afraid it may have a I also wonder if the discussion of EPOL's involvement in 2.2 and 4.2 is really needed since the ETA is entered into on EEFT's behalf . If this has not yet been raised by the SFA , it doesn't seem necessary to flag it for them . My position would be that EEFT is a party to that agreement whenever it is necessary in connection with an investment . Mark
Is it safe to assume that a UK entity will be the Enron party for all of these transactions ?
Thanks to the DC team - Well Done !
I have received a bill from LeBoeuf for work done in June on the ACE insurance matter for a bit over $36,000 . This included around 23 hours by PB Wright ( $12,000 ) and 38 hours by SD Avitabile ( $13,000) . Does that sound right to you ? I have to allocate this to the business units - should it all go to East Power Trading ?
Please add Sara Shackleton ( sara.shackleton@enron.com ) from the ENA legal dept . financial trading group .
Looks good to me .
I'm sorry I've been so hard to get ahold of lately . Will you be available this afternoon - say around 3:30 or 4:00 ( I'm pretty well booked until then) .
Which makes it hard to call . If you get this I'm at 713-853-7459 or you can e-mail back your number . Sorry about that .
Justin: Do you know whether we have acquired any companies with CFTC registrations of any kind ( e.g . Commodity Trading Advisor or Futures Commission Merchant) ? I was wondering who was responsible for compliance matters if we have . I hope you're well and all my best to Fran . Mark
Looks fine to me .
Looks good to me - don't forget the ENA Legal offsite 10/5 & 6 ( it's usually over by noon on Friday - Travis could probably let you know for sure) .
That works for me .
I saw this on the internet & thought I'd pass it along.... . Eating fish does contribute to your intelligence , particularly before and just after you're born . A researcher at the University of Connecticut has found that some fish are high in a certain chemical that's vital to brain and nerve cell growth in fetuses and newborns . Babies can't make enough docahexanoic -- or DHA -- a fatty acid that helps the brain develop . They must take whatever their mothers give them , either through the umbilical cord or by breast-feeding after they're born . And note that baby formula isn't fortified with DHA . Women who eat cold-water species , like salmon , trout , sardines and tuna , give their babies a better chance at maximizing brain tissue development , the research found . Other fish high in the chemical are herring , swordfish and mackerel .
It would be nice if they could give us a counterparty name - I've never heard of Jerry Peskuchi .
Did you get this ? I didn't see your name on the addressee list .
Taffy - could you please reply & coordinate with the relevant people .
Travis - In Phase I we had the copyright notice on every page . Can we get away with having it only on the home page ?
Is this OK with you ?
FYI
It looks like Phase II of our construction project ( over where Julia's office used to be ) will be finished on the 18th so she will be moving into her new office that weekend . I now have the plans for Phase III and it turns out your office will be included in the construction area . Phase III will probably start on the 25th . That could always slip but I wanted to give you as much notice as possible . Hope you are all doing well . Getting any sleep yet ?
Yes - please go ahead and forward a copy to Ed . I don't think Mark Holsworth needs to be involved in this one . Unfortunately , I don't know of anything directly on point other than the agreement we negotiated the last time ( I guess Justin coordinated that - I don't remember reading it) .
This may be pertinent .
Looks like Justin has already contacted S&C .
The whole schedule has yet to be determined . I'm still waiting for final seating charts from the other groups so I can figure out how to most efficiently get people moved into their new homes . We'll let you know as soon as possible .
My only concern is the 8 hours out of date reference . As of when ? It might not be 8 hours old when they go to press so do we mean when it is being read ? Would it hurt to say something to the effect of "By the time you read this" as a lead in ? Are we sure that even this is accurate ? How long from press run til the first copy hits the street ?
That works for me .
I spoke with Stacey Carey today after the ISDA call . I reiterated that we have been willing to support the process so far on the understanding that we would prefer a bill that gives us parity with financial products and , failing that , the minimum we can accept is a bill which exempts ( preferably excludes ) energy commodities and hopefully metals from the Act . She confirmed that ISDA will continue to push for the exemption or exclusion . The comments from Treasury to Chris Long recently underscore that our "Phil Graham card" , to the extent we have one , is a significant political strength for us and we should not play the card until we need to . Stacey agreed with a statement made by Don Moorehead on this morning's call that Graham will not start to move in the process until the House has produced a viable bill . Given that we should probably not seek his help until a bit later in the process - possibly mid September .
FYI
Thanks for your note and glad to hear you're feeling better . Yes we are all very sad about Jim's baby . Many years ago my sister had a child who was born two or three months early and lived for several days - long enough to be held and loved - but his lungs were apparently just not developed enough and they couldn't save him . I know how painful that was for them . And I have to admit that experience made me very anxious when things didn't go perfectly for you guys that first few days . I received papers from Julia regarding your options a week or so ago which I didn't send along because the next day Julia said HR had made a mistake in everybody's package and HR was sending replacement documents - I haven't received the replacements yet but will ask . Stephanie has started and seems to be fitting in as far as I can tell at this stage . We're all super busy but more or less keeping up with the critical stuff . We'll look forward to seeing you soon .
Any progress on the EnronOnline front ? I'm getting questions from the EOL team in Houston as to our time estimate to completion and wondered if you had heard back from outside counsel .
John - In case you need this right away , I've made a few changes below and this is probably adequate . If you have a little more time , I can polish it up a bit tomorrow . Just let me know .
Please remove me from your distribution list .
My comments are included ( in section 1 only )
I talked to Kathy , gave her some basic advice to relay on the subject and told her that if Alcoa has further questions they can call me . One issue for you - do you know whether or not we have a power master of some kind with Alcoa and did we need to send them an override letter ?
Don't forget my half-day on August 4 .
I had a lengthy conference call with a bunch of Milbank lawyers this afternoon to educate them on the EnronOnline structure . I received the attached message this evening - just fyi .
John: Thanks for your note . Brent Hendry is now our primary weather derivatives lawyer and I am forwarding this to him .
FYI
The construction team has told us that your new offices will be ready some time next week . Joya will be in touch to schedule your moves into your new homes !
I have reviewed the schedule and have a few questions/comments - nothing major . I have left a voice-mail for Alicia and will be happy to deal with her directly if you want .
My comments marked on the attached .
Dennis & Michael: It looks like this is an EnronCredit.com matter . Could you please take care of this and coordinate with David Weekes or , in his absence , Gillian Johnson ( in Houston) . Thanks for your help ! Mark
Elaine: Please coordinate with the legal department in London on these issues . They are familiar with arranging for Enron Corp . guaranties . Mark
Thanks for dealing with Tana on these issues . It is not entirely clear to me what you want the policy to be regarding which counterparties have access to Australian power products . You probably already know that the EnronOnline people want every counterparty everywhere in the world to have access to every product unless Credit or Legal can justify restricting their access . Credit already performs a financial test on each counterparty to determine if they meet the CFTC Eligible Swap Participant requirements . Unfortunately , that test is not as restrictive as the Australian tangible assets test . It sounds like there should be a US$6 million tangible assets test applied by Credit before we give any counterparty access to Australian Power ( this would be a total pain but certainly possible) . On the other hand , if you feel comfortable giving access to non-Australian counterparties without that test being performed , we can do that , too . Pleas let me know if we should ask Credit to start performing this test on all counterparties or if it should be limited to Australian entities .
Congratulations ! We'll have to chat soon .
This is the message I received - I note that it doesn't give any instructions on how to access the site - seems to me a hyperlink would be appropriate .
I have now registered but have not yet entered my key to gain access to the deal .
Let's get together & discuss early next week .
The revised draft looks good to me .
Congratulations Jeff ! And great pictures - big brother looks a bit happier than the last time I saw him . Mark
We should probably start thinking about an agenda for this meeting if only so that we can determine appropriate attendees and get it on their calendars . Do you have anything in particular in mind ? Were you thinking Hope you're having a fun weekend !
Can you please arrange EnronOnline guest user IDs for the following people ( these are lawyers at Milbank , Tweed , Hadley & McCloy helping on EnronOnline issues): Daniel Mummery dmummery@milbank.com Eric Sanford esanford@milbank.com Steven Kramer skramer@milbank.com Let me know if you need any other details . Thanks , Mark
Hey guys - welcome home ! At least I assume you're home by now . How was the trip ? I heard a bit about the departure but with any luck it must have gotten better . Any hope you took digital pictures ? I have already told Linda but I wanted you both to know how great I thought your wedding was . There is no doubt in my mind that it was the most special , beautiful , fun wedding I've ever been to . Magical doesn't seem like too strong a word . Thank you very much for letting me be part of it . It's been about 30 years since I had been to that part of the world - it's easy to see why you enjoy it so much . I was serious about sailing in the Caribbean at Thanksgiving . If you are still interested , we really need to start planning right away . I tentatively booked a boat but the real difficulty may be in finding flights - it is a busy travel season . Just let me know . Mark
This was one of your competitors - at least from the legal side - that we looked at briefly about a year ago .
Glad to hear the rest of your trip went well . The 'normal' sailing trip is a week but that's not cast in stone . In an effort to maximize days sailing and minimize days of vacation taken we usually fly down on a Saturday arriving in the afternoon or eve. , pick up the boat on Sunday ( you get the boat around noon ) and bring it back the following Sunday ( by noon) , take a shower and head straight for the airport . Because of the way the flight schedules work it's usually not possible to leave after work on a Friday and make it all of the way down there . You could do a shorter trip , of course , but I never have . I've gone for longer ( we did a 10 day one-way sail from St . Lucia down to the southern end of Grenada , stopping in Bequia and Mustique , among others , along the way ) but that's a pretty long trip and certainly not necessary . Most of the charter fleets are based where there is plenty to do right in the area for a week . One of the reasons for aiming at Thanksgiving was to reduce the total number of vacation days spent . I get both Thurs & Fri off so I only have to spend 3 days to get a whole week - I understand the gov't may not be so generous . I haven't taken all of my days this year so I can always carry some over to 2001 if that works better for you guys . My views on when to go: January - March Very fun since you will be sick of winter , very popular so a lot more crowded ( harder to find a place to anchor for the night and have to make arrangements farther ahead) , everything is open for business , high season rates . April - May Less crowded ( unless Easter or Spring breaks are late) , shoulder season rates . June - August No crowds ( you may have some anchorages to yourself) , many places are closed for the season ( think beach bars and meals on shore) , low rates . September - October See June-August and add in highest risk of hurricanes (  My guess is that people who planned their trips to the BVI for this week aren't having much fun right now but they got GREAT deals and the Moorings will probably give them a refund . I've chartered during this period several times and had a blast . One time a tropical storm came through and we stayed on the boat in port - I still get mileage out of the stories . You just have to be willing to live with the risk that it may not go according to plan ( not seriously dangerous , though - you're always within easy reach of the base - if a bad one threatens you just take the boat back and let them deal with it) . November - December Hurricane threat drops dramatically . Crowds pick up around Christmas , everything opens up again , rates start to go up again . Bottom line: I love the trips so much it doesn't matter what time of year - just let me know what works best for you guys . Keep in mind that you do have to make arrangements at least 2 months in advance ( more is better ) to make sure you get flights and the boat that you want . One last thought - it is possible for the main group to pick up the boat on schedule and arrange to be near the airport on a later day in the trip to pick someone up . This is definitely suboptimal . You learn a lot about the boat and the sailing area from the briefings the charter company gives you at the start and it limits flexibility to have to be by the airport on a certain day when you might rather have the boat at the other end of the island chain or wherever . I'd rather put the whole thing off until we can all go at once but if it's the only way , at least it's an option . Mark
I'm not sure what your question is - the purpose is so they can see the site...... .
Laura: I'm just a lawyer and as such still operating pretty much in the stone age . The easiest way for me to look at something that is primarily text ( minimal graphics involved ) is to have it in a form I can just print out . If it exists as a Word document that would be great . I have not yet actually been able to see the phase 2 site . Thanks , Mark
I didn't think we were confirming transactions between books , but maybe this is a first that crossed company lines - I would think we would confirm it through RMT as one ENA RMT trade and another RMT EPMI trade . I'm assuming that the reference to EPMI Long Term Hedge is an EnronOnline reference to one of the EPMI trading desks and therefore it should be done as an EPMI trade .
Dear John: So sorry for the delay . I hope it hasn't caused too much inconvenience . I would have called to apologize in person but believe it or not I don't have your phone number ! Here are my comments to the draft documents you sent: Part 1 ( b ) In our other derivatives trading , the cross default test applies to Enron Corp . with a Threshold of US$100,000,000 . To accomplish this in the schedule , Threshold Amount for the Enron party would apply to our Credit Support Provider if there is going to be an Enron Corp . guaranty and the dollar figure adjusted accordingly . Part 1 ( d ) Has Baker & McKenzie recommended this ? We rely on local counsel advice for this provision but our preference is that the termination in a bankruptcy context not be automatic unless it needs to be . The risk in the automatic situation is that the market moves significantly before we are even aware of the situation , i.e . the outstanding transactions terminate automatically , leaving us with an open , unhedged position which we are not able to protect since we are not aware of it . In the U.S . the bankruptcy code allows us to terminate after the filing of a bankruptcy according to the terms of the agreement so we know exactly the time to rehedge . Part 1 ( e ) We usually choose Loss here as the method which gives the non-defaulting party the most flexibility . Market Quotation is often suggested because of its apparent objective nature . However , in many of the markets where we operate , quotations will not be available , where they are available they may well not be meaningful , and the Loss method gives flexibility ( while still requiring commercial reasonableness) . Part 1 ( h)(ix ) This Additional Event of Default only applies when there is no collateral annex . When we have the ability to ask for ( or be asked for ) collateral in the case of a downgrading , we build that event into the Paragraph 13 to trigger a reduction of the threshold to zero which requires the posting of collateral to cover any open position . If the party fails , it then becomes a default allowing termination . Part 1 ( h)(x ) Wouldn't the cross default be triggered before this could happen ? Part 2 Have our internal Tax people approved this ? Part 3 I am not familiar with the Representative Director concept or some of the corporate documents referred to . Since Enron Corp . will be a Credit Support Provider , does it have a Representative Director , etc. ? The legal opinion requirement is one that we can waive if local counsel does not think it necessary . In many non-US jurisdictions , local counsel have advised that an opinion be obtained - in some cases derivatives transactions are so uncommon that they might be outside the ordinary course of business and therefore require special board approval; in others , derivatives would not be permissible activities for a company unless express provision is made in the corporate documents , etc . Part 5 ( b ) ( g)&(h ) These representations originate with CFTC rules in mind ( although they may be helpful for other reasons as well) . If neither party is in the US , the CFTC reason may go away . On the other hand , since we are choosing New York law to apply the argument might be made that US federal law applies as well . If that is our theory , there are additional representations ( the Eligible Swap Participant reps ) that we should think about putting back in . Part 5 ( d ) We are currently evaluating whether we should revise this section to make reference to the ISDA 2000 definitions . While I think we will get there , we haven't actually made the decision yet . So far I guess we leave it the way it is . Part 5 ( j ) My only concern here is with the value of the Enron Corp . guaranty as a form for a guaranty from a Japanese entity . Any differences in Japan from US practice we should be worried about ? Paragraph 13 I have to admit I'm not as familiar with the Paragraph 13 provisions as the Schedule . My only concern here is with the MAC clause and it looks like there's a glitch in the form . It seems to me that if the counterparty is only rated by one of the 2 major agencies we shouldn't be pegged with a MAC if only one of our agencies stops rating us . The way it is drafted now if either S&P or Moody's stops rating us , even if the remaining rating is very high we will have a MAC occur . The counterparty doesn't have to worry about Moody's at all . Just a thought . On the guaranty , you will need to run the choice of law and jurisdiction changes past Clement Abrams at Corp . Legal . My only comment is that we would usually have a cap that is a bit higher ( in this case maybe an extra $5,000,000 ) than the threshold in the CSA - that gives the counterparty a little wiggle room if we fail to post collateral after the threshold is exceeded . Tana is preparing a red-line for me that hopefully will show all of the changes between the US form and the Japan form . I may have a few more comments after I see how that comes out but don't expect many . I hope this is helpful . Please feel free to call and we can walk through these over the phone if that would be useful . We should also talk about the most efficient way to prepare these going forward . It might make sense for Credit to send their worksheets to the paralegals here for a first draft which would then go to you for review before going to the counterparty . It may slow things down by a day or two but it would free you up to work on other things . We're looking forward to having you back .
Dave - my comments are below in red . I'm assuming that "end of the day" is the end of the trading day , but this seems a bit ambiguous since the trader in Japan may be thinking about a different "day" than the trader in London , etc . Will the orders be cancelled if our trader removes a product during the day and then reactivates it ?
use the following link for enrononline: www.enrononline.com
use the following use the
I saw this article on the internet and just in case someone cancels and youneed any last minute ideas.. . PLANNING CREATIVE LAW FIRM RETREATS By Daniel J . DiLucchio and Shannon Prown Over the years , retreats have been used for a number of purposes , includingbusiness planning , strategy development , consensus building and positioningreassessment . While the primary function of retreats formerly was strategicplanning , law firms have discovered a variety of other reasons to hold themGeneral education , entertainment , continuing legal education , management education , personal and professional skills development and other areas ofinterest to the members of a firm are some of the retreat topics in favor olate . Careful planning and the articulation of clear objectives are the keys toconducting successful law firm retreats or off-site meetings . Yet , for thosresponsible for planning the retreat agenda , constantly developing new ideais a challenge . The following table of topics is provided to assist retreatplanners in designing creative , challenging and productive programs . The general content or concept intended , the general format of the session andpotential sources to present the program are also included . This list is nointended to be an exhaustive account of every possible topic . The purpose ito generate some new topic ideas . The following chart depicts some of our latest thoughts on retreat planningRETREAT TOPICS Topic Format Source Marketing Role Playing Lawyers "role-play" client presentations , judged by clients or peers Interactive Internal Resources or Clients Client Presentations Clients are invited to speak about their business environment and upcominglegal needs Lecture Clients Client Survey Results Presentation of client survey results , possibly followed by development ofinitial marketing strategies Lecture/ Interactive Firm Marketing Director or Consultant Public Relations "How to handle the press." Lecture Public Relations Firm or Consultant Corporate Counsel Views/Partnering What do corporate counsel really want from their law firm ? Lecture Consultant or In- House Lawyer of Client Cross-selling Services: Principles , Tools & Tactics How to capitalize on cross- selling opportunities with the firm's client baLecture/ Interactive Consultant Entertainment Comedian "Professional" humor Lecture/ Interactive Speakers Bureau Cartoonist Caricatures of lawyers enacting their favorite activity/fantasy One on One Cartoonist Sports/Entertainment Figure Popular sports or entertainment figure speaks about their experiences or a"cause" Lecture Speakers Bureau Motivational Speaker Self-help speaker may speak on a variety of topics Lecture/ Interactive Speakers Bureau Legal Education Emerging Legal Issues Invite a law professor to discuss emerging legal issues Lecture Local University , Law Professor , Speakers Bureau or ABA Government Invite a local politician or government official to discuss new or upcominglegislation Lecture Politician , Government Official State of Judicial System , Judicial Reform Invite a judge or court official to discuss the state of the judicial systeLecture State or Local Courts , ABA Management Education Alternate Billing Discuss alternate billing methods , the pros , cons and keys to successful implementation Lecture/ Interactive Consultant Trends Learn about trends in the legal profession , including financial , managementand business trends Lecture Consultant or Accountant What are the principles of TQM ? How do they apply to the legal profession?How do you initiate TQM in your organization ? Consultant or Lawyer whose firm has implemented TQM Financial Planning Discuss financial strategies and profitability analysis Lecture/Breakout Groups Financial Planner , Accountant or Consultant Employment Issues Discuss changing employment laws and practices , e.g. , ADA , discrimination,sensitivity training , etc . Lecture Employment Lawyer , Consultant , Director of Human Resources , Law Professor International Opportunities Discuss current trends and opportunities in international expansion , jointventures and affiliations Lecture Consultant , Professor Social Interaction Myers-Briggs or other "personality" tests can be used to heighten awarenessand understanding about co- workers Interactive Consultant or Psychologist Outward Bound Outdoors experience designed to encourage teamwork and enhance perspective Total Participation Outward Bound Habitat for Humanity ( or other hands-on community improvement program ) Participate in building ( hands- on ) low income housing Total Participation Habitat for Humanity , Local Church or Civic Organization Individual Interest Asset Accumulation Income Management Make an investment counsellor available to meet with individuals to discusshow to best manage their personal income One on One Investment Firm or Individual Investment Counsellor Discuss proper dress , evaluate/critique an ensemble , etc . Interactive Consultant Retirement Planning Make a retirement planner available to meet with individuals to discuss howto plan for their retirement One on One Consultant , Investment Firm or Accounting Firm Training Delegation Learn how to develop younger lawyers , paralegals and staff through appropriate delegation Lecture/ Interactive Consultant Stress Management Symptoms of stress and how to eliminate/ overcome them Lecture/ Interactive Consultant Rainmaking Demonstrate how to develop personal selling skills Lecture/ Interactive Consultant Roadblocks to teamwork and how to overcome them to build effective teams Lecture/ Interactive Consultant Time Management Basic organizational and time management skills needed to be productive in a busy law firm environment Lecture/ Interactive Consultant Conducting Performance Reviews How to use lawyer or staff evaluations as a strategy for mutual success Lecture/ Interactive Consultant Supervisory Skills Basic supervisory skills and how to get the desired results from those wesupervise Lecture/ Interactive Consultant Technology Training Training can be developed for research , document management or other technology tools Interactive Software Representative , Computer Support Group or Technology Consultant DiLucchio , Daniel J . and Shannon Prown . &Planning Law Firm Retreats.8 Report to Legal Management . Altman Weil Publications , April 1994 .
Here is a draft of a letter withdrawing the margin call . Le t me know if you have any questions .
approved
Kay - Whoever put the boxes there should retrieve them .
Here is a draft of my presentation .
How are the paralegals doing on the Mexican project ? What would you think about taking them to lunch for Mexican food tomorrow ?
I'd like to invite you all out for Mexican food for lunch on Friday to celebrate the conclusion of the August Mexico project . Mark
FYI
My comments below . I assume you have already explained to Mark Mey how the option works in excruciating detail .
Go for it . Maybe Sara should go as well .
Sounds reasonable to me .
When I try to search offers I get the following error message: The DBAccess Componet is NOT Installed . Please contact the system administrator .
Leonardo - Dave asked me the same questions last night when we were talking about a different issue . Will that do for this week ?
Carol - I would really like to come but unfortunately I will be leaving on vacation ( to France ) on the 20th and won't be back until October . I hear you will be at the offsite but is there any chance we'll get a visit up here before then ?
CONGRATULATIONS!!!!!!!!!! !
Approved re: monitor . What is our policy on printers for lawyers ? I know a number of people ( including me ) have them but I don't know how that happens .
Here is the current list of countries ( as per advice received today from UK counsel): Approved: UK Germany Austria Switzerland Finland Portugal Poland Approved if prizes are not awarded: Netherlands Norway Sweden Italy Not Approved under any circumstances: Denmark Spain France
Yes , Mary is still in 3807 . Is the printer you mentioned the smallest/cheapest one we can get ?
FYI
Yes , thanks - these are mine .
The commercial guys have asked me for an update on where we stand with BP . Any news ?
I sent Amanda & Bill an e-mail a couple of weeks ago and here is Bill's reply . I sent him a fairly detailed note on how we usually schedule things and which were the best times of year , etc . I haven't heard anything from Amanda and was beginning to assume they were not really interested in a November trip . Have you heard anything firm from Virginia ? Bill's next-to-last paragraph tells me that he's getting to know Amanda - but I don't think she'll leave him alone for the holiday . The real question is whether her uncanny ability will extend to his schedule , too . If they still want to go we'd better make travel plans soon - that Thanksgiving Sunday is notoriously difficult to get seats . If you'd rather wait until Jan . or Feb . that's fine with me too . Just let me know .
I have no idea since I never read the original - I just thought it was an interesting approach to take when making a modification .
I don't think I have any problems with this presentation - but can you give me an idea of the proposed audience ?
Wow - too many choices . Let's see , the day of the week charters start and end is not fixed - except that the boat has to be available on the days you want it . We usually went Sunday to Sunday so we could get 2 weekends in and use the Saturday as a day to fly down . It's much harder to get there from Houston than NYC ( fewer flights ) so it pretty much takes all day to get there . The 3rd - 8th is a Friday through Wed . - not optimal from the weekend point of view but doable I suppose - it just means a 4 day instead of 7 day charter . If you want to wait until Thanksgiving we could certainly manage with the 2 of us - particularly if we got one of the smaller boats - and it might make sense to go back to the BVI where we know the sailing won't be all that challenging ( I hear the St . Martin area can get rougher) . Plan B sounds like fun too - and then we could all go together later ( it seems mean to go without Bill ) - New Years sounds like a blast to me ! What would you think about heading down the Friday or Saturday before ( 12/29 or 30 ) and spending the first week of January there ? That assumes Bill can get that week off and Amanda doesn't have to be back in school til later . I have a couple of sailing friends here that might like to go then too if you're interested in a slightly larger group . They're a lot of fun , good cooks and reasonable sailors too !
We were working on Brazil ( Andrea Bertone in Sao Paolo was heading it up ) but I think they have stopped for now . I'll look for her latest e-mail and forward it to you . The others are all new . Tana can give you the form of local counsel survey we have been using if you want it .
I haven't read this yet .
Here is the confirm with my revisions:
Please discard the version I sent a few minutes ago . Here is a clean copy with one additional change and a marked copy to show all of the changes from the original:
Can you let me know who at BP in London is holding things up ? Larry Gagliardi here in Houston has asked so he can give the name to his counterpart in the US .
Nice try , but no .
First choice: New Years if Bill & Amanda can get the first week of 2001 off . Second choice: Another time ( I guess in 2001 ) when everybody can be there . Third choice: The week of Thanksgiving . I guess I would prefer not to go for a long weekend because it takes me so long to get there , although the Thanksgiving weekend is pretty long & might work if nothing else does .
I had a brief conversation this morning with John Suttle ( Credit ) and itlooks like he's going to insist on the CSA . We are going to talk tomorrowand go through the whole agreement to get the rest of his comments . While we have documentation for transactions entered into prior to execution of a master agreement , the extent of their revisions makes me very uneasy . Manyof these points are very serious and if they can not agree we will have trouble coming to agreement even on the short form documents . It would behelpful if they could explain the changes rather than just sending us a Following are my points responsive to their revisions: Part 1 ( a ) The addition of our affiliates has the affect of expanding thepossible defaults too broadly and we cannot agree to these changes ( for example , this would mean that if any Enron affiliate went into bankruptcythis agreement would be in default) . ( g ) This provision provides additional flexibility without any credit riskto the other party . It should remain in place unless IBJ can articulate areason to remove it . Part 3 The language inserted is much to vague . Our original version spellsout exactly what is expected of the parties . If the documents we listed arnot acceptable , IBJ should tell us now what would be acceptable and if weagree we will put it in the agreement . Part 4 ( f ) By deleting the word "not" in this provision , IBJ is saying thapayments due to each other with respect to the same transaction will not ne(i.e . if we are paying fixed and they are paying floating , we each have tomake the full payment to the other rather than netting the two amounts to opayment) . This is not acceptable . ( h ) If IBJ will use their NY branch as agent , we should use Enron Corp or EPart 5 ( a ) Our suggested language allows the purchaser of an option to receive payments due even though technically in default under another provision of the agreement . Our position is that if there are no other possible payment requirements due from the purchaser , the option should behonored . ( c ) The section we delete requires that the market makers be in the samecity . For many markets in which we participate , it is very difficult , if nimpossible , to find multiple market makers in the same city . ( e ) The change to 10 business days is much too long . This means we can nohave certainty as to the terms of the transaction for two weeks ! We can goas high as three days if necessary but even that is beyond common market practice . ( g ) Their changes remove the ability to set off against obligations owed tmultiple Enron companies if they default and only allows set-off with eachIBJ branch as a separate entity . This may not be an issue if we will nevertrade or otherwise transact with them in any other Enron company and if wewill never do business with any other branch of IBJ . We usually don't liketo restrict ourselves that way . ( i ) We absolutely insist on the confidentiality of our transactions . Ifthere is some revision to this section they would like we can discuss it buwholesale deletion is out of the question . ( j ) As with Part 1 ( g ) this section adds flexibility to both parties whilemaintaining flexibility within the corporate family . Given the frequencywith which Enron moves businesses around within the family , this section isimportant to us . ( k ) This section results from an experience we had with a counterparty thawent into bankruptcy ( and therefore default ) while they were in the money . We disputed the amount owed and under the terms of the agreement ( without orevision ) we would have owed them interest at their cost of funds - a rathehigh rate given their status as a bankrupt . We feel the non-default rate imore appropriate . ( m ) I can't imagine why they wouldn't want this section included - it protects us both . ( n ) You know more about this than I . Part 6 These are all important issues for us and we can discuss them individually if they object for some articulated reason . If these provisioare not included here they will need to be included in each confirmation ( asignificant burden for our back office systems which are not set up for it)and we need to know now if they object to any of them . Other revisions that they have made are acceptable unless Credit objects . I hope this is helpful and sorry to have run on so long . I'm happy to discusany of these issues at greater length if you want . It sounds to me like IBJ's expectations regarding execution of documents are a bit high given thvolume and nature of their comments . To: Tom Bruce-Jones/LON/ECT@ECT Subject: Re: Fw: IBJ ISDA MASTER AGREEMENT Tom- As far as the progress on the ISDA documentation , I am awaiting feedback frboth legal and credit in Houston . Could you provide me with the details of the proposed transaction(s) . I nothat I have copied Mark Taylor on this correspondence , as I will need to gehis input regarding our most efficient going forward strategy . Thanks , John To: John Viverito/Corp/Enron@ENRON cc: Jonathan.Whitehead@enron.com , Steven Kleege/HOU/ECT@ECT , Kevin Subject: Re: Fw: IBJ ISDA MASTER AGREEMENT John I have just had IBJ on the phone again asking for a progress report on theISDA docs . Have we managed to move this forward , bearing in mind Labour Dasince he is very keen to commence trading on Monday next . He suggested thahe would be comfortable in trading prior to the implementation of the docsfor these initial trades as per Jonathon's previous comments in past mails.Are we comfortable doing this if we cannot resolve the issues on the docs ? They are also very keen to see the draft confirms for the proposed trade ( Steve , I have just heard from Rob in the vid conf that the proposed volumemay prove difficult to take on the books??) . Please advise as to our capability so that I can convey this to him in the morning . Best regards Tom
Agreed .
Good catch . NY law should apply throughout the Americas and in Japan . We used UK law in Europe and Singapore on the theory the counterparties there would be more comfortable with Uk law . I'm not sure which the Australians would prefer . What do you think of the following: 16 . If you are accessing this website from North America , South America or Japan , the terms of this legal and Privacy statement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York; if you are accessing this website from any other location , its terms shall be governed by English law .
Just a few comments on the letter:
Thursday and Friday are filling up fast for me but the early part of the week looks pretty good . Let me know what works for your schedule .
How about 3:00 Wednesday ?
The Sales Practices/Anti-Manipulation Training program covers the legal implications of various activities of our commercial team )  particularly as they interact with customers in marketing ( Sales Practices) . The programalso covers laws prohibiting market manipulation that might affect our trading and marketing activities .
We can use my office if you like - EB3889 .
Ken - what is the significance of "physical" below ? Hopefully as distinct from financial and not as distinct from derivatives .
The latest PA is online . I have printed out a copy of the current version and sent it to Alan .
Is there some way to ensure that the user reads this ? Do they have to click on it before it will go away or does it appear in a pop-up box that has to be acknowledged ?
Approved .
Is this something you are working on ?
Go for it . That is shaping up to be the kind of day we may cancel the group meeting any way - my first day back after vacation and everybody trying to get lots done so we can get away to the Woodlands . Be sure to let Taffy know so she can put it on the calendar .
I'm not sure if you handle NYMEX margin issues or not... .
Welcome Back ! Looks like BP has finally signed . As I understand it , this should open the way to get them signed up in the U.S .
Just FYI , I think the EnronOnline decision was to leave the User ID off of the Password Application as a security measure . The User ID is sent separately ( I think in a security envelope ) so that the User ID and password are never written down in the same place . And of course the system requires that the password be changed the first time the new user logs on so the Enron file copy of the PA won't give access to a user's valid password .
Approved .
Amanda , Thanks for your note . It looks to me like the schedule breaks down as follows: Possible Date: October 12 - 15 My Reaction: I will be speaking at a conference in Sedona , AZ ( not known for its great sailing ) Possible Date: November 3 - 8 My Reaction: I have another speaking engagement in NYC right after that ( makes it sub-optimal for me ) plus Bill can't go Possible Date: Thanksgiving My Reaction: You guys can't make it Possible Date: New Years ( travel Sat . 12/30 , pick up boat 12/31 , back in the office Mon . 1/8/01 ) My Reaction: Everybody can go - and since Monday is a holiday only 4 vacation days used for a full week of sailing - Perfect in every way ( if we can get flights and a boat - I haven't checked this yet ) Possible Date: Later in 2001 My Reaction: Works for me but I hate to put it off so long So my preference is to try for New Years and fall back on early November as a second choice . If you want to go for less than a week now and a full week in 2001 when Bill can go we can do that , too . What are you guys thinking ? Since we won't be going at Thanksgiving , how are you going to talk your mom into dealing with the holiday ? Mark
FYI
I've been to Argentina - what can I tell you about it ? We need to get sailing soon ! Ever get to Houston ? I have a boat here but don't sail too much - just working too hard . Hope you're well !
Party A,s obligations under this transaction are subject to approval by its Chief Operating Officer . I will not be able to attend this afternoon's call .
Just a reminder I'm off to the ball game tonight .
Taffy - please print this for Ken to take away with him today .
I have read about the Super Maramu 2000 and note from your website that you have a location on the Mediterranean in France . I will be in Southern France September 23 through 25 . Would it be possible to visit you in Hyeres during that time ? Is an appointment necessary ? Mark Taylor 1322 Rutland Street Houston , Texas 77008 ( 713)863-7190 ( home ) ( 713)853-7459 ( work ) ( 713)646-3490 ( fax )
Since I will be leaving tomorrow , it might make sense to put reviewing this towards the top of your list so I can approve it in the computer before I leave .
Keith: Please coordinate with Susan Bailey who can take care of the details for you . Mark
Dear Mr . Barathon , Thank you for your very quick reply . There will only be two of us and we would like to come to see the boat but unfortunately we will not have time to spend the day sailing . We will be staying in St . Tropez at Residence de la Regards , Mark Taylor
Steve: I have now heard back from both Louise and Andy and neither one will be available . Unfortunately , Mark has now left again and I am on my way out on vacation for a couple of weeks . It might make sense for you to contact Mark directly since you will be able to get to him before I can . Sorry about that . Mark
As the office construction process continues , your offices will be among the next to be demolished & reconstructed . While the current timetable is not firm , it looks like your moves will be scheduled sometime between the 5th to the 13th of October ( this means the move may take place during the ENA offsite) . I just wanted to give you as much warning as possible so you could begin the packing process . Joya Davis will have details of your new ( in some cases temporary ) office locations , can help with obtaining boxes and will schedule the actual move .
Your new offices will be ready in a week or so . We anticipate your moves will take place over the weekend of September 29 . Joy Davis will coordinate your moves and can help with obtaining boxes , etc . Sorry - forgot to cc you on this one .
FYI
For emergency use: Residence de la Pinede 41 Buckingham Palace Road
Marc - Bummer - this is the last message I'm sending and then I'm out the door for the airport . We're on our way to France - not back until 10/4 . Mark
Tanya - I just got back from vacation to find this waiting . Do we need to do anything ? Mark
Thanks for all of the recent forwarded messages - they have all been mine . Sorry for not getting back to you sooner but I've been out of town .
Any hope of a time for Lisa ? Please get in touch with her and let her know the situation .
These don't look complete to me - e.g . Contractual Currency , Index definition , Volume reference .
Thanks for the note - I'll be there .
Did you have a chance to talk to Lisa ?
Sheri - I don't remember being consulted about sending these documents by e-mail ( but that doesn't mean it didn't happen - just that I don't remember it) . It sounds like a valid concern - any reason we can't just send people to the web site and ask them to print out the relevant PA ? Mark
Just wanted to make sure you had this .
Looks good to me .
Please call this person and let them know I am not going .
Please order a flat screen monitor for me .
Thanks for your note . Your e-mail trouble is due to the spelling of Tana's name - should only be one 'n.' I am forwarding this on to her . Mark
All of these should now use EnronOnline , not ENA .
Justin: Do you know what other business MG London Inc . is or anticipates doing with these same counterparties ? It may make a difference if they are acting for these customers as an FCM . Mark
Probably should add Mark Evans for London generally . Matt Lee for Singapore ?
We should get together with the right tax person/people - maybe Jeff can figure this out .
Janette - Here is the report with my changes - I have not been able to find Travis or Anne to see what changes if any they would like to add but will let you know when I hear from them . Mark T .
I'd be happy to take them if they're available .
Mike - I have trouble getting some of the e-mails sent to me from Buenos Aires but not all . I received this one from you today , one on the 9th and one on Sept . If the internal address doesn't seem to work , you should probably use Mark
Greg , Here is the ETA version in my directory . I think a few minor changes may have been made ( e.g . EnronOnline LLC is now the Enron party ) and the definitive version is on the website . You can access it there if you have a guest user ID . If you need an ID , just let me know and we'll have the EOL people issue one for you . I'm also attaching an early version of the Password Application ( current versions also online and accessible even without an ID ) since it may cover a few issues not addressed in the ETA . I usually think of the two pieces as one agreement . Mark
Looks good to me - sorry I've been so hard to get ahold of . Mark
Sorry about that - the request came while I was out of town and I missed it - have now approved .
I will be in the office all week - how about 10:00 a.m . Houston time on Thursday ? Mark
Greg: Here are my comments to the first of the Long Descriptions . I was afraid I might be missing something about the way you guys do these deals in Canada so I thought I would run this one by you first to make sure I had the concepts right before I tackle the rest of them . Thanks , Mark Oops - forgot the attachment:
Can you reply to Justin & let him know where we stand ?
Initial thoughts - Can we use Enron Australia as the counterparty to avoid these issues for now , and then when a book has been established assign all the positions to Enron Japan ? Can we get ( or maybe give? ) the rep if we soften it a bit by taking out the word "ordinary" or maybe the entire phrase "in the ordinary course of its business" ? Is there a government agency that can give us an opinion or "no action" type of letter to give us some comfort that we are OK ? It may not be quick enough to get us through this trade but it might open the door for future business . If the end result is that there is no adequate fix and local counsel advises that we are taking significant potential criminal liability , I would think that both parties would be willing to agree to unwind the trade . If necessary , my suggestion would be to raise the potential for criminal sanctions issue to Mark H . ( What are the potential sanctions? )
Brent - does this mean Tana should not allow any non-Argentine customers to have access to these products ? The general rule has been to allow complete access unless there was a legal impediment - logic regarding who will want to trade what doesn't seem to enter into it .
Let's be sure to keep this in mind as we do future resolutions .
Here is the confirm template ( used when an ISDA Master is in place ) This is the index language for EnronOnline . We would use something similar for the offline confirms .
I got your voice mail and agree with the strategy of meeting with the Senator's staff before sending the letter . It would be embarrassing to suggest that we don't have a view on issues that should be important to us . Re: the letter itself , if you want to make it even stronger , you could point out in your discussion of EnronOnline that we believe that the site could have been designed such that the volume of business through the site would have been significantly larger but for the uncertainty and restrictions in existing law and regulation which would be corrected by the bill .
Here are my revisions . Let me know if you have any questions .
You can remove me from the distribution list .
Thanks for the resume - I'm looking at a number of internal candidates from APACHI , CALME and Southern Cone but will keep this one on file ( and pass it along - might be good for Richard Sanders) .
My impression is that this now being handled in Global Finance . You might try Jordan Mintz or Gareth Bahlmann .
Here's the financial trading piece - I may not have all of the formats quite right .
just a couple of minor changes - what is the last sentence about ?
Thanks Dale - looks good to me . Yes , I'll take the call .
This one should go to the crude traders .
Mark Haedicke has asked me to submit a list of our "top ten legal risks" - please let me know of anything you think should be included in the list .
FYI
Yes , thanks .
Yes - as I understand it , Stephanie and Tana will be out that week but Samantha and Susan will be here .
I have volunteered for Nov 3/4 .
Here it is .
My answers below in red .
The confirm form is one of the many current templates used by the confirm desk depending on the specific transaction type and the counterparty . For instance , this template is not the used for a swap ( e.g . not a cap , floor , collar or swaption ) and would not be used even for a plain vanilla swap if the customer had not signed an ISDA Master Agreement . The index language can be used in a variety of contexts but again depends on exactly which type of trade you are doing . But I thought you guys had decided to use the first price published in the following month rather than the average of the entire month language attached so this may not be the final version .
Unfortunately Euromoney is no longer offering their courses . They were by far the best around and it's a real shame . There is a PLI course being offered in NY in mid November ( at which I'm speaking on commodity derivatives ) and ISDA has a conference in London on collateral arrangements and the ISDA Credit Support Documents . Neither is anywhere near as good as the old Euromoney courses but both would probably benefit Jane .
yep - thanks !
Dale - better check your address book - this one went to the other Mark Taylor .
I'm not sure if you guys are on this mail list but here is the most recent message from Stacey at ISDA .
Agreed - can you please confirm directly with Erica that Tax has no problem with Enron Credit.com contracts being signed in the US .
Please print this out and put a copy in our file for Colombian trading ( Tana may know where that should be) .
Please print these out for me , create a file for them called EnronOnline Pipeline Capacity and bring it to me .
Thank you !
I have confirmed with Mark Holsworth that he is the right guy for this - he has a form agreement that Enron uses for these situations .
Would you guys please take a look at this and let me know if I can approve it in the system ? Thanks
yes , I think that's the idea . You may need to monitor and advise .
Bob: Here is a powerpoint presentation that may give you a bit of a feel for the site and actually has a couple of slides on the submission screens that will show areas not accessible with a guest user ID . Mark
Kathy: Please issue a guest user id to Bob Lawrence at Milbank Tweed Hadley & McCloy . Bob is a lawyer helping us with various EnronOnline matters including Broker Connect . His e-mail address is rlawrence@milbank.com . Thanks , Mark
John - what about something like this ?
Sami - apologies for not getting back to you - it's been a crazy week or two . Can we talk early next week ?
works for me
I won't be able to be on the 11:30 call this morning . I have given Elizabeth a copy of the 'omnibus' document we probably used if the put options sold to Puget Sound were derivatives and described the arguments we could make that the imposition of the proposed price cap would be a Market Disruption Event . If it is a Market Disruption Event the most likely outcome under the contract ( since it will last more than 3 days and we presumably will not be able to negotiate an agreed price ) is that "the Floating Price shall be determined in good faith by ENA , by taking the average of two or more dealer quotes." I'm not sure what dealer quotes would get us under these circumstances . Can dealers quote prices in excess of the price cap ?
Just a few changes below .
Janette: This may be more than you were looking for - let me know if you want me to pare it down a bit . I assume we will have the opportunity to revise these as time goes on..... . The Financial Trading/Net Works Group is responsible for the legal issues relating to the derivatives and agriculture commodities trading of Enron companies in the Americas and serving the legal needs of Enron Net Works LLC . The derivatives trading includes natural gas , power and other energy commodity derivatives , weather , pulp & paper , interest rate , currency , credit , metals and equity related transactions . The group drafts form templates for confirmations , drafts and negotiates master agreements with counterparties on a variety of forms and deals with issues raised by customers in connection with specific transaction confirmations . Enron Net Works issues include the operation of EnronOnline and related trading sites and the various contractual and investment activities of Enron Net Works . The group coordinates the legal approval process for granting customer access to EnronOnline .
Sorry about the delay .
Please be sure to access the performance review system as soon as possible to select persons to contribute to your review . While commercial people are particularly helpful , you may select reviewers at any level .
Thought you might like this .
I will be happy to attend but do have a regular 9:00 meeting on Fridays .
I want to underscore that moving just the banking stuff to a bill to pass this year is VERY bad and something we should vehemently oppose .
Craig: Sorry I couldn't get back to you earlier . I asked Tana Jones to get you access to our database that keeps track of financial master agreement negotiations so you will always be up to date on where we stand with the process . If you haven't heard from her , please let me know . Any word from Justin on which Enron entity we will use for trading in the U.S. ? Mark
Had a lengthy call with Milbank on Friday and another scheduled for this afternoon at 4:00 to find out how they're doing .
I should be around all week - let me know what works for you .
FYI
Looks good to me . Brent is the only other lawyer out that day .
Carol: Thanks for your note and glad to hear you are all doing well . I'd love to have lunch - let's do it on the 21st ( I'm out of town the earlier dates and the 22nd is the day before Thanksgiving) . We do have a lot to catch up on ( EGFinance changes , new hires for the group , new internal lawyers for the group , office space issues ) - I haven't wanted to bother you at home but things are definitely moving around here - as usual I guess . Mark
I enjoyed it too - actually it's just as well that I was carted off when I was - I was sound asleep by 8:30 and still feel the affects .
It looks to me like another case of an obvious error ( i.e . the counterparty should have known it was a mistake) . I'm afraid we've just been lucky that the numbers have been so far off - some day we're going to have one that is too close to call obvious .
Mark Haedicke is on the left , Mark Frevert ( Chairman of the wholesale markets subsidiaries ) on the right . Yours truly , et al
My changes marked .
Please use the PEP system on your computer to suggest reviewers by the end of the day tomorrow at the latest . It is important that your reviewers have enough time to fill out the reviews and the system closes for that purpose at the end of next week . If you have any questions or are having trouble accessing the system , please let me know .
Here is the MEH e-mail I mentioned
My comments are marked on the attached .
Bob didn't make it to the meeting but did leave a voice mail suggesting that rather than creating a separate GTC for the brokers we refer to the GTCs already online for regular customers and have them agree to be responsible for the liquidated damages that would be calculated under those terms if the deal falls through .
Thanks David - these are fine .
Thanks for your concern but please don't worry about it . I was able to get a lot accomplished since I was already here and the phones weren't ringing so it was a productive morning for me in any event . I don't think I'm available for any of the remaining Saturdays this year but I'll give it another shot next time .
Greg - looks good to me on the legal procedures . My only comments would be ( i ) that I'm not sure that the confirm desk generates deal tickets ( I thought they were prepared by the commercial guys ) and ( ii ) we usually don't have the commercial guys sign confirms as a control matter , even when it's an unusual matter . I agree about Tana . Mark
Yes , I was on the call .
Nothing has changed - we are looking forward to having you work with us as soon as possible and to the extent possible within your other constraints .
This issue was much easier when all we traded were energy commodities , interest rates and currencies . The older versions of the policy provided that no Enron employee may trade any energy commodity for the account of anyoneother than Enron . Beyond that , no Enron employee could trade a commoditywhich was within their area of responsibility . For example , I was not permitted to trade natural gas futures for my own account but , since interest rates and currencies are not within my area of responsibility , I could tradthem . As the scope of our trading activities expanded it became more difficult to identify the scope of the company's concern , much less to articulate it . We did however take a stab at it and the result is below . This may be an area which could stand some clarification in the next versioof the Policy . For now , I would suggest that the term "security" highlighted below should be read to include equities and therefore not one of the commodities covered ithe second numbered clause ( i.e . the word "other" refers to items other thathose listed in clause ( i)) . The result is that an Enron employee who doesnot trade financial instruments , securities , financial assets or liabilitiefor Enron may trade them for his or her own personal account . To take this a step further , one could argue that an employee who trades the equities ofenergy companies for Enron should not trade energy company equities for hisor her own account but could trade other equities - if it were me , I wouldcertainly make sure that Ted Murphy agreed with my analysis before I did itOf course , a wide variety of commodities remain clearly off limits for personal trading - metals , ag commodities , bandwidth , freight , lumber , amonmany others - for all employees . As I remember it , this was done purposelyand if anyone disagrees with the scope of the policy they would be wise todiscuss the matter with the RAC Group as they make suggestions for Policyrevisions to the Enron Corp . board . Employee Trading . No employee of any Enron Business Unit may engage in thetrading of any Position for the benefit of any party other than an Enron Business Unit ( whether for their own account or for the account of any thirparty ) where such Position relates to ( i ) any financial instrument , securitfinancial asset or liability which falls within such employee,s responsibility at an Enron Business Unit or ( ii ) any other commodity , included in any Commodity Group . To: Mark Taylor/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: David Redmond/LON/ECT@ECT , Richard Lewis/LON/ECT@ECT , Peter
I accept the terms and conditions of this Pilot Participant Agreement
I think your "final" office changed when your group changed - the East Origination/Gas Trading Group is in the southeast quadrant of the floor and they have given you 3882 , just four doors down the hall from where I am now . The construction workers are gone for the day if you want to stop by and see it .
Unfortunately I'm already booked for breakfast ( which is unusual for me) . I'm free for lunch though on both days if you are .
I'm going to be hard to get next week - Monday & Tuesday I'll be in NYC ( speaking at a conference) , Wed . a.m . in the office and the rest of the week at the management conference . If it works for you , any time the following week ( 20 , 21 or 22 ) would be better for me . If it is urgent , let me know and I will try to break from my meetings during the day on Mon. , Tues . afternoon or maybe Wed . ( but since that's the only time I'll be in the office all week it's already pretty full) . Just let me know - my assistant ( Taffy x57373 ) can set something up on my calendar if you have a time you want to reserve .
Lunch on Monday would be great - anything in particular in mind ?
I'm speaking at a conference in ny again but never got around to making any plans - any chance you're free ?
Hello from Texas . It's probably been about six years since we last spoke but I thought I'd drop you a line to see how you were doing . I saw Pete Datos for brunch when I was in town a couple of years ago and he seemed to be fine but I have been very bad about staying in touch with people . Ted Bockius & I are still together - he works at an internet start-up company doing their public relations work . I'm still a corporate lawyer at Enron working on financial contracts and e-commerce stuff . I get to nyc 3 or 4 times a year so we should get together for a drink or a meal some time and catch up . Hope you are well . Mark
I'll be at the Peninsula ( 55th & 5th ) ( 212)956-2888 . I will have my cell phone but no guarantees that the battery will last ( 713)206-8080 . Either of the places you mentioned would be fine with me - my conference is at the PLI Center ( on 7th around 51st or 52nd) . Just tell me when & where !
I concur in David's analysis . Any idea who the target market is in HK ? If we have specific customers in mind , would it be possible to approach them directly rather than making the password application generally available ? It's not clear to me that even that would solve the problem since there would still be some targeted HK residents , just not the public .
Wednesday morning is the only time I will be in the office all week and is already fully booked . Will you be in San Antonia later ? Maybe we can meet then .
I'm staying at the Peninsula 956-2888 . I can't stay out late tonight because my talk is in the morning - what about lunch tomorrow ?
The system won't let me connect to approve your reviewers from outside the office . I'll do it first thing Wednesday morning but since they'll only have 2 days left to fill out the forms at that point , if there are any you particularly want , I suggest you call or e-mail them to let them know it is coming .
Taffy - please print this out for the EnronOnline file .
Unfortunately I am already booked for Wednesday . To: Jeffrey E Sommers/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT , Mark cc: Subject: Argentina Gentlemen , Following Mike Guerriero%s e.mail . Could you please let me know if there is any chance of each one of you meeting with him for 45%on Wednesday Nov . morning ? Thanks
What a great poem ! Sorry for the confusion on getting together - I'll try to start earlier next time .
Have you guys seen this ?
Bob - These are the only versions I have in Word format - they were probably modified slightly in the online version ( e.g . Enron party is now EnronOnline
Thanks for your note - that will make packing easier . My flight is CO4240 from Houston Intercontinental Airport arriving at 10:29 Wednesday night - operated by Continental Express . I don't like to take those smaller planes but at least this one is a jet and is a non-stop flight . It makes for fewer delays and it's that much harder for them to lose your luggage .
Please send a copy of the Energy Gateway docs to Luis Derrota - EB838 .
If they've done it , it was without consulting me . Other than the content stuff ( e.g . which provide links to Reuters ) I don't think there is anything out there yet .
This just came in - I think Brad is the lead commercial guy on the project .
It's possible that someone in Alan Aronowitz's groups has looked into similar issues .
Please let me know when the vaccine is available .
We have not admitted hedge funds to trade in the US because of the heightened regulatory scrutiny of trading with hedge funds generally since the Long-Term Capital Management debacle of last year . These same issues may not apply in the UK .
Here is the first draft .
Yes , I'd like the tickets if they're available .
I don't know if this will be helpful or not... .
Glad you liked it . There is a while series of e-mail symbols people use like smiley faces - they even have a name: emoticons . They don't often look like you'd expect and most of them are sideways - only one I know is the smiley face :- ) Hope you had a nice birthday ! Love ,  Mark
Let me know if this is not what you need .
I'll be there .
I won't need the final locations until Joya has to submit the churn request . Since the construction isn't scheduled to be complete until 12/22 I wouldn't think we'd need it until the 15th - Joya will have a better feel for how far in advance we need to schedule the churn . The legal assistants ( and any lawyers who start before the construction is done ) will be put in the cubes we have . When we run out of cubes we have space to build more .
Here is the revised BETA - let me know what you think . The changes are marked in blue .
Here is the BETA with our initial comments .
As we discussed a couple of weeks ago..... .
Can one of you guys handle this in Stacy's absence ?
Does this raise uncertainty for products offered by non-banks ?
This looks ok to me .
These look OK to me .
FYI
Peter: Here is our first attempt at EnronOnline Long Description language for the double transaction calendar spread product . We had to guess at several aspects . Please let me know if we got close . Mark
Thanks so much for the Christmas present . Everyone is enjoying it very much . Bob Bruce's first reaction was "Wow -- I hope this isn't in lieu of her ever coming back!"
So now it's clear ?
I thought I'd send this around just as a reminder of the RMT guidelines . As far as I know these have not changed since Rhett's memo last year .
Approved .
Thanks for your notes . Just so you know , I have the Polo Sport perfume and a Victoria's Secret gift certificate for Emily . Were there lists for you and Dad ? I can't seem to find them .
My feeling is we stand by our confirmation - what do you think ?
Maybe we can chat about this first draft this afternoon .
With my revisions .
This confirmation should have the regular Omnibus Annex A attached as well as the additional Chilean Annex which Tana forwarded last week . Please call me if you have any questions . Mark
In case you haven't already looked at the Fee Agreement draft , here is a slightly revised version . Also attached is a revised BETA . The changes marked in the BETA are a combination of the commercial guy's comments and my revisions of those comments ( hopefully marked separately) . Unfortunately I didn't get the changes in the Fee Agreement marked .
Bob: Our issues with hedge funds are somewhat complicated . The threshold issue is that they are severely limited by their fundamental documents ( the prospectus will spell out what they can invest in ) so we have to review those documents before trading . That is more than we do for run-of-the-mill domestic corporates and takes a lot of legal resources that so far have been spent elsewhere . The other issue is more difficult because it is hard to peg down and relates to regulatory uncertainty . About a year ago a major hedge fund ( Long Term Capital ) got into serious trouble and the regulators stepped in , orchestrating a bail-out . There was much wringing of hands and gnashing of teeth in Washington afterwards and since then there have been a variety of messages coming out of Washington relating to derivatives trading with hedge funds - none of them good . Our view is that the regulators will be paying much closer attention to hedge fund trading of derivatives than in the past and we don't want that spotlight shining on us . [In case you're interested: notwithstanding their name , hedge funds are speculators . Much of the federal regulation of derivatives has assumed that hedging -- as opposed to speculation -- was safer and therefore more palatable . The failure of a large hedge fund might result in damaging ripple effects throughout the financial markets . Hence the regulators' heightened scrutiny.] For both of these reasons , when EnronOnline was launched it was with the internally stated policy that we would not give access to hedge funds ( or individuals - for similar reasons) . Commodity Trading Advisors can not trade on EnronOnline on behalf of their customers just as Brokers cannot . Mark
Hi Debbie: Thanks for your note - it's always nice to hear from MC friends ! I'm living in Houston and working in the legal department of a large energy company ( Enron) . I have two main areas of focus: derivatives trading ( swaps , options , etc. ) which I've been doing for over 6 years now and e-commerce which is relatively new . The most fun work project I've had was being the lead lawyer in designing and launching our internet commodity trading platform about a year ago . It has been tremendously successful . While few people have ever heard of it , it is the largest ( by dollar volume ) website in the world ! I keep in touch with Mark Kopinski who is managing a couple of international mutual funds in New York . My work takes me there several times a year and I usually try to see him if I have some free time . The college is thinking about another capital campaign and he and I were on a preliminary planning committee ( to see if a campaign makes sense) . Ralph V . was there - whom I hadn't seen in years ! - and of course I keep in touch with Doc , too . I was on campus for my 20th reunion a couple of years ago . There were only 2 of us from '78 so it wasn't as much fun as I'd hoped but it was still good to see familiar faculty faces . With luck the 25th will draw a bigger crowd . My Midwest geography isn't what it once was but it sounds like you've got a terrible commute . I hope you're liking your work to justify the drive . I rarely make it back to Chicago but let's keep in touch and definitely let me know if you ever make it down this way . Mark
Sure - it's not secret .
Generally speaking we have only documented that kind of concern when there were separate legal entities involved ( like getting a comfort letter or guaranty from EI when ECT had to do the swap for one of their deals) . I think we can get away with pointing out the issue to both commercial sides .
Did you get this ?
Peter - Should Tana add you to her list of people who get the daily EnronOnline customer list ? She sends it out to several lawyers to see if there is any reason not to give access to the system . Mark
Thanks for the e-mail - I tried to go in and update my info but the system is down and will be down all weekend . Is Monday early enough ?
Thanks for the number . I did not get the cooking set for Elena - I ordered the bongo drum .
I spoke with Justin briefly this morning - he wants to look into this and get back to me .
Thanks !
Thanks - I've asked Sara to give him a call now , too .
I am on Continental Express Flight 4100 from Houston to Cincinnati Depart: Houston ( IAH) , 23-Dec-00 at 11:00 AM Arrive: Cincinnati ( CVG) , 23-Dec-00 at 2:26 PM My flight on Tuesday is the same as at Thanksgiving: leaving Cincinnati at If picking me up is a problem , just let me know and I can try to rent a car .
I'll be in Cincinnati , OH and then traveling back to Houston on Tues . You can reach me at ( 513)541-8649 or on my cell phone ( 713)206-8080 .
Denis: Try Deb Korkmas at 713-853-5448 . Happy Holidays ! Mark
Thanks Mark . I think this one went to a whole lot of people - I can't tell if it was on purpose or a mistake !
Is there a retail location in Houston , TX where I can find an AF3.0HD ? Thanks , Mark Taylor ( 713)853-7459 ( office ) ( 713)863-7190 ( home ) ( 713)646-3490 ( fax )
Yes , I think we were ok with the base language - it was just those last issues we were waiting on .
Why don't you come in Saturday night & I'll take you to dinner ?
I did get Janet the white top ( Interlock turtleneck - Medium , color - white #A32027 ) from Talbots . It was the fleece vest that they didn't have in the stores . I did not get the towels . Glad the computer is working better for you . It makes all the difference in the world to have it speed up . For me it actually becomes more useful since I cant stand just sitting there staring at it waiting for something to happen . My paperwhites haven't bloomed yet - I do remember from the last time I grew some that the fragrance can be almost overpowering . I wonder if people grow them outdoors when the weather warms up . The smell might work better with more room to disperse . This time I have six coming up all at once - I hope I can stand it ! Love , Mark
That's fine . We don't keep particularly careful track of these things but pretty much estimate the percentages on a quarterly basis .
Just so you can see what is happening.... .
Looks good to me .
Do you know if Enron is trying to have any input in the selection process ?
I think this will do for now . Thanks
Sounds good to me .
I can't believe you have to change planes in Chicago AND Dallas ! I don't remember you being that willing to suffer for a cheaper ticket . Bummer - looks like I'll just have to be the wimp this time . There's really no way I can get away next week . I have heard of las ventanas - but I didn't know about the evian spritzing . Maybe next time . Any more thoughts on a week that works for sailing ? I could spring for a bottle of evian and a plant mister..... .
That's a great idea - I'll see if I can line up a boat - anywhere in particular you'd like to sail ? ( BVI makes sense if there's a newcomer along. ) Where do you fly into to get to Charlottesville ?
I'll definitely take the room . How ( and when ) do you plan to get there ? Do you rent a car in DC and drive or fly into Charlottesville ?
Approved .
We can try - an we'll ask the planners to put that in the design . But Mark H . has indicated a desire to get rid of as many of the tall walls as possible and he approves all of the construction requests personally , so we may not succeed .
Approved .
As per our telephone call .
Any chance this language came from a credit facility that provides for the issuance of letters of credit ?
Seems to me that L/C's are the way to go then , rather than asking for cash or another asset as collateral . ( Another option would be to mix and match - taking cash up to $10 mil . and L/C's beyond that. ) Lenders frequently set up the facilities available to the borrower this way so they keep control over how much "debt" is supported by the asset base while still giving the borrower some flexibility . As you can imagine , most other extenders of credit are willing to take the bank's L/C in lieu of a lien on a hard asset .
Yes , I'm looking forward to it .
Enron Online Transactions .  Any member of the Envera Network ( an &Envera Network Member8 ) who is a customer of EOL may submit to EGM an irrevocable offer to buy or sell anypetrochemical , natural gas liquids , or plastics product that is then tradedby EGM on EnronOnline , on the standard terms and conditions ( including without limitation quantity , quality , shipping dates and payment terms ) asare established for such products on EnronOnlinev , at a price that is between the bid and ask prices then posted by EGM on EnronOnlinev , with such offbeing a binding commitment by such Envera Network Member to complete the proposed transaction on the same trading day ( as trading days are determineby EGM) . EGM agrees to conditionally accept such offers , subject to the following requirements and limitations: Current Envera Network Members ( as of the Closing Date ) may submit such offers on or before the first anniversary of the Closing Date , and not thereafter . Any Envera Network Member who first becomes a member after theClosing Date but before December 31 , 2001 , shall have until the first anniversary of its membership agreement with Envera in which to submit suchoffers , but not thereafter . Any Envera Network Member who first becomes amember after December 31 , 2001 , shall not be entitled to submit any offers to EGM under this Section 8.2 . All of EGM,s obligations under this Sectionshall expire no later than December 31 , 2002 . The irrevocable offer by the Envera Network Member must be placed as a limit order on EnronOnlinev and made irrevocable until the end of the trading day in writing ( by facsimile or otherwise ) or otherwise in accordance with thestandard confirmation procedures of EGM . In no event will EGM be liable foany failure to complete any limit order or trade . The Envera Network Member must be a registered user of EnronOnlinev andqualified to trade in the product that is the subject of the offer , all inaccordance with the standard terms established by EGM or EnronOnlinev . EGM will accept or reject the offer on or before the close of the tradingday and will communicate such acceptance or rejection to the Envera NetworkMember; if accepted the transaction will be completed through EnronOnlineEGM's acceptance or rejection may be based on EGM,s ability to reverse the trade with a third party or otherwise fully mitigate the risk created by thtrade , and on such criteria as EGM applies to such trades generally , including without limitation its evaluation of the credit risk of such EnveNetwork Member based on EGM's standard credit policies then in effect . Any trades of similar products by EGM shall be independent of the transaction offered by the Envera Network Member . EGM's trades will be forits own account and in no event shall EGM trade for or on behalf of the Envera Network Member . Neither EGM nor EOL will charge the Envera Network Member any transactionfees with respect to such transaction . The aggregate number of transactions that EGM will be obligated to acceptpursuant to this Section 8.2 shall not exceed one hundred ( 100 ) per EnveraNetwork Member , and shall not exceed an aggregate of five thousand ( 5,000) . No offers shall be accepted by EGM under this Section 8.2 after December 3 No transactions under this Section 8.2 will be executed if , in the sole gofaith judgment of EOL or EGM , upon advice of its counsel , the result or effect of which may be that any of EGM , EOL , or EnronOnlinev , their Affiliates or any of their respective businesses ( i ) could become subject tregulation under the Commodities Exchange Act , as amended; ( ii ) could becomsubject to regulation by the Commodities Futures Trading Commission; or ( iicould become subject to any regulatory proceeding , investigation , action,inquiry or review .
Nora - I got your voice mail & will try to call you soon - I'm stuck on a conference call . I tend to agree with you - this seems to me to be contrary to our policy . On the other hand , it also sounds like a request we would want to make if we were on the other side .
Sorry Andrea - I just tried to open this and it turns out to be the Spanish version .
Thanks for the update - the fax came in and was delivered to Jeff Hodge by mistake - I'll leave it at your desk .
Here are some early drafts I worked on .
Re: assistant searches , I think you would be well advised to coordinate closely with Janette Elbertson .
I have a conflict with the Friday morning call this week . Any chance you will be covering it ? I know you guys are busy this week.... .
I'll let you know when I figure out what our Firm ID and Password are .
I just heard that there is a farewell party for Rainer on Friday afternoon - don't know any details .
Ohmygawd ! An e-mail message from Hal ! Now I know we really ARE in the 21st century . I also get to Key West on the 24th and will be there until the 28th and don't need a place to stay because I will be at the conference hotel . Ted will get there Friday eve . I have meetings during the days Thursday & Friday and Sat . morning; dinner on Friday is also a scheduled event for me . Otherwise I don't think we have specific plans . Looking forward to it ! Mark
Sounds good to me - let's say dinner on Thursday and then either lunch or dinner - your choice - including Ted on Saturday . We have no plans at all so far so we're flexible . Mark
Tana has pointed out that Net Works does not have a policy ( at least not one we have heard of ) regarding the handling of original contract documentation after it is executed . There is not an Enron-wide policy but instead a patch-work of policies created by the operating units . Tana and I would be happy to discuss this with you - or whoever you want to designate - and make suggestions if you don't already have a plan in mind .
Linda said she had an extra room booked - do I need to call the hotel directly or work through Linda ?
Peter Welcome to Enron ! I usually get to the London office a couple of times a year and will look forward to meeting you there . If not , hopefully we'll see you at the Law Conference in the Spring . Most of your e-mail is well outside my area of expertise . Are you consulting me regarding the regulatory issues and section 10.2 ? If so , it would help if you told me what 10.2 says.... . Feel free to give me a call if you'd like to discuss . Mark
Hey Jim , Thanks for the note . Nothing much new to report here . Ted was in South Beach last weekend but came home a day early to work . He's still trying to talk me into buying a new car which I would like to do but can't figure out what I really want . I'm speaking at a conference in Key West next week and will stay through the weekend - I think it's the only place left on the continent that's warm . Nothing like Zurich here but it's been in the 40's and rainy - seems like forever since I've been fully warm through . Let us know when you find a place to live Mark
try userid EOL67313 password WELCOME !
I hope you have access to e-mail in KW . I'm down with the flu so we won't be able to make it . I was really looking forward to this for a number of reasons - including the chance to get together with you . I didn't have your phone number or e-mail address at home so I had a friend drop my work computer off on his way home tonight . I've left a message for Don at home - sorry about late notice . Mark
shouldn't the people who need filing cabinets order them for themselves ?
You are set to move as soon as the current construction phase is completed - we hope that will be by March 1 .
In case you need to know... .
I may have missed it , but a VERY quick look at CNN's site showed no reports of computer virus activity since November .
Not sure why you weren't on this distribution... .
Can you follow up with Anthony Dayao ?
I should be down for sick time for Mon . through Thurs . last week .
Works for me .
In case the Four Seasons doesn't work out , there are two other hotels downtown you might consider: The Stephen F . Austin ( an Intercontinental I think ) and the Driskill . Both are old ( by U.S . standards ) hotels that have been updated . For several years after its renovation the Driskill was the nicest place in town - then came the Four Seasons . The Stephen F . Austin was just completely redone a year or so ago - I haven't been inside but I hear they did a nice job . Both are primarily business hotels so they may have good weekend rates .
Sounds good to me .
Still available ? FYI
FYI
I'm very flexible on who comes along - no views at all on that score . It would help to know the number and cabin sharing arrangement ahead of time so we can book the correct size boat . You can always change the amount of groceries but at some point all the boats will be reserved . I called Keswick last week and gave them my credit card number for the extra room - it looks great from the website . Will you be golfing or should we make massage appointments ? Now that I think about it , I'm not sure which days we have reserved - another alternative might be to stay near DC on the day we get back from sailing ( Inn at Little Washington?) . My guess is it's an all day affair getting from a little island to DC so we may get in pretty late . Tell Amanda I said Hi !
Very funny - although I have to say I thought yours was the least humorous of the bunch .
Fred - Here is a draft NDA - you will need to fill in the address for the customer .
Contact: Toni L . Griffin Vice President of Corporate Communications For Immediate Release AMERICAN ARBITRATION ASSOCIATION ELECTS NEW MEMBERS TO BOARD OF DIRECTORS AEXECUTIVE COMMITTEE NEW YORK , May 2 , 2000 -- Thirteen distinguished business , legal and disputeresolution professionals were elected to the Board of Directors of the American Arbitration Association at its annual meeting held April 27 in NewYork , according to William K . Slate II , president and chief executive officer of the Association . In addition , four current board members were elected to serve on the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors . Jerry M . Hunter , Esq. , BryanCave LLP; Richard K . Jeydel , Senior Vice President , Secretary and GeneralCounsel , Kanematsu USA Inc.; Richard W . Page , Esq. , The Page Firm; and MarkA . Roesler , Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , CMG Worldwide , Inc . The newly elected members of the board are: George F . Becker , President , United Steelworkers of America , AFL-CIO , CLC; John Beechey , Esq. , CliffordChance LLP; Jose M . de Lasa , Senior Vice President , Secretary and GeneralCounsel , Abbott Laboratories; Robert A . Georgine , Chairman , President andCEO , The Union Labor Life Insurance Company ( ULLICO); Gilberto Giusti , Esq.Pinheiro Neto-Advogados; Olivia F . Kirtley , CPA , Vice President , Vermont American Corporation; Angel Mu=0Foz-Noya , Esq. , Lespier & Mu=0Foz-Noya; Dr . Joan Parker , labor-management and employment arbitrator; Dr . Alejandro Ponieman,Conflictos; Dennis Rivera , President , 1199 SEIU New York's Health & HumanService Union , AFL-CIO; Juan Rodriguez , Legal Advisor , BP Amoco p.l.c.; Professor Theodore J . St . Antoine , James E . and Sarah A . Degan Professor Emeritus of Law , University of Michigan Law School; and Timothy J . SullivanPresident , the College of William and Mary . The leader in conflict management since 1926 , the American Arbitration Association is a not-for-profit , public service organization dedicated to the resolution of disputes through the use of arbitration , mediation , conciliation , negotiation , democratic elections , and other voluntary procedures . In 1999 , more than 140,000 cases were filed with the AmericanArbitration Association in a full range of matters including commercial finance , construction , labor and employment , environmental , health care , insurance , real estate and securities disputes . Through 37 offices in theUnited States and cooperative agreements with arbitral institutions in 38other countries , the AAA provides a forum for the hearing of disputes , ruleand procedures and a roster of impartial experts to hear and resolve cases .
Board of Directors Sara Adler , Esq . *|** Law Office of Sara Adler C . Mark Baker , Esq . William B . Baker * Vice President , Emeritus University of California William L.D . Barrett , Esq . * William L . Bergan , Esq . Hon . Nicholas J . Bua Burke , Weaver , Prell , Holland & Knight Christine W.S . Byrd , Esq . Don Cameron Executive Director National Education Association Joe F . Canterbury , Jr. , Esq . James H . Carter , Esq . *|** Sullivan & Cromwell President and Chief Operating Officer The Swarthmore Group Louis L.C . Chang , Esq . Richard Chernick , Esq . Zela G . Claiborne , Esq . Theodore J . Collins Senior Vice President Law & Contracts The Boeing Company Peter D . Collisson , Esq . Scott A . Crozier , Esq . Senior Vice President and General Counsel PETsMART , Inc . Edward S.G . Dennis , Jr. , Esq . Chief Operating Officer Prudential Property & Casualty Insurance Company J . Richard Devlin Executive Vice President General Counsel and External Affairs Sprint Deborah Enix-Ross Senior Legal Officer WIPO Arbitration and Mediation Center World Intellectual Property Organization Dean Fordham University Law School Sandra Feldman President American Federation of Teachers , AFL)CIO Linda K . Foley President The Newspaper Guild)CWA George S . Frazza , Esq . Of Counsel Patterson , Belknap , Webb & Tyler LLP Executive Vice President and General Counsel AXA Financial , Inc . Hon . Joyce J . George Emeritus Hon . John J . Gibbons Reynaldo P . Glover President TLC ) LC , Inc . James P . Groton , Esq . Professor Loyola University New Orleans , School of Law Harness & Associates , Inc . Conrad K . Harper , Esq . *|** Simpson Thacher & Bartlett Sally A . Harpole , Esq . Deacons Graham & James Chairman and Chief Executive Officer The Delta Group Kay H . Hodge , Esq . James R . Holbrook , Esq . Bud Geo . Holman , Esq . *|** Judith Richards Hope , Esq . Paul , Hastings , Janofsky & Walker LLP President Jane Howard-Martin , Esq . *|** Jerry M . Hunter , Esq.*** Bryan Cave LLP Senior Vice President , General Counsel and Secretary Monsanto Company Senior Vice President Secretary and General Counsel Kanematsu USA Inc . Vice President and General Counsel RARE Hospitality International , Inc . Arthur E . Joyce Senior Counsel )  Labor and Employment Law General Electric Company Jeffrey B . Kindler Executive Vice President and General Counsel McDonald,s Corporation Bernard T . King , Esq . General Counsel Essex Boat Works , Inc . L . Gene Lemon , Esq . Frankie Fook-Lun Leung , Esq . Vice Chairman of the Board The Walt Disney Company Richard S . Lombard , Esq . +|++ Carlos E . Loumiet , Esq . Partner Kramer & Love E . Nobles Lowe , Esq . +|++ Lewis Maltby President National Workrights Institute Senior Vice President , Corporate Affairs and General Counsel General Mills LaBrena Jones Martin Director General Counsel Law and Compliance RBC Dominion Securities Corporation Kenneth R . Masterson Executive Vice President General Counsel and Secretary FedEx Corporation Maud Mater Executive Vice President General Counsel & Secretary Freddie Mac Hon . Vincent L . McKusick Pierce Atwood Anne H . McNamara Senior Vice President & General Counsel American Airlines , Inc . Paul S . Miller Executive Vice President and General Counsel Pfizer Inc . Charles R . Morgan Executive Vice President and General Counsel BellSouth Corporation Sara E . Moss Vice President and General Counsel Pitney Bowes Inc . Richard E . Mulroy , Esq . Betty Southard Murphy , Esq . * James J . Myers , Esq . Senior Vice President General Counsel and Secretary Waste Management , Inc . Martin J.Oppenheimer , Esq . Carlos G . Ortiz General Counsel Goya Foods , Inc . Richard W . Page , Esq . *** The Page Firm Vice President and General Counsel Texaco Inc . Roberta Cooper Ramo , Esq . Lucy F . Reed , Esq . Carlos M . Rivera-Vicente , Esq . David W . Rivkin , Esq . C . Kenneth Roberts , Esq . Norman L . Roberts , Esq . Barbara Paul Robinson , Esq . Robert L . Robinson , Esq . Mark A . Roesler *** Chairman and Chief Executive Officer CMG Worldwide , Inc . Thomasina V . Rogers , Esq . Landon H . Rowland Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer Kansas City Southern Industries , Inc . Stevan A . Sandberg Executive Managing Director Advisory Services Group Cushman & Wakefield , Inc . Diane K . Schumacher *|** Senior Vice President , General Counsel and Secretary Cooper Industries , Inc . Dr . Siegfried Schwung Associate General Counsel John Scriven Vice President , General Counsel and Secretary The Dow Chemical Company Jerome J . Shestack , Esq . Wolf , Block , Schorr and Solis-Cohen , LLP Charlie Silvestri Marsha E . Simms , Esq . *|** President and Chief Executive Officer American Arbitration Association Janet Maleson Spencer , Esq . Delbert L . Spurlock , Jr . Executive Vice President and Associate Publisher New York Daily News William L . Matthews Professor of Law University of Kentucky College of Law Donald B . Straus +|++ Executive Vice President and General Counsel Commonwealth Edison Company Michael P . Sullivan President and Chief Executive Officer International Dairy Queen , Inc . John J . Sweeney President American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations Hon . John Charles Thomas *|** Robert M . Tobias John M . Townsend , Esq . *|** Hughes Hubbard & Reed LLP Secretary )  Treasurer American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations M . Caroline Turner Senior Vice President and General Counsel Coors Brewing Company Senior Vice President Secretary & General Counsel Elf Atochem North America , Inc . Howard D . Venzie , Jr. , Esq . Retired Partner Richard S . Ward , Esq . Hon . William H . Webster Judith Whittaker *|** Vice President , General Counsel and Secretary Hallmark Cards , Incorporated Donald E . Wightman National President Utility Workers Union of America , Michael S . Wilder Group Senior Vice President General Counsel The Hartford Financial Services Group , Inc . Vice President General Counsel & Secretary The Robert Wood Johnson Foundation Jack J . Woolf General Counsel Union of Needletrades , Industrial and Textile Employees ( UNITE) , AFL)CIO , CLC * Member of the 1999 Executive Committee ** Member of the 2000 Executive Committee *** 2000 Executive Committee Nominee + Past President or Chairman ++ Honorary Member of the Executive Committee
The EnronOnline team has asked if we can discontinue sending copies of the GTC's when EnronOnline transactions are confirmed . They have suggested a sentence be added to the confirmation to the effect that it is subject to the GTC's which can be accessed on the website . Any thoughts ?
As you are all aware , the legal department has grown significantly over the last several months . While so far we have been able to find places for everyone to sit , we have not added significantly to the available file cabinet space on the floor . In fact , a number of file cabinets are now in locations where they will not be able to remain due to fire code requirements . Please review the files you currently have stored outside your own office space and , after condensing , archiving and destroying as many as possible , give an inventory of your current usage and needs to your group leader . Once we have an accurate picture of our needs , we can come up with a plan to allocate the available file cabinet space . Most if not all of us will have to make significant sacrifices and modify our filing practices so that we each reduce our file space usage to our fair share .
Apparently my first attempt wasn't delivered to you guys . Sorry about that .
Sheri - I'm not sure this is an issue for me . Aren't you in Lance's group now ? Mark
Here is another draft from the business guys .
Janette - Can you give us the straight scoop ?
I spoke with Susan Bulgawicz again today . She relates the following points: Gensler has been subcontracted to do interior space planning and design for the new building generally While our work is probably in addition to that already agreed ( and will therefore be billed to us ) it should be covered by an amendment to the existing agreement rather than a new , separate agreement Bill Donovan feels that the design and space planning work should be done as near in time as possible to the actual construction work to avoid having to redo the work ( and pay twice ) to take into account new factors not apparent earlier ( e.g . organizational and technology changes ) Bill's view is that we are 3 to 6 months premature at this point in doing this work for the legal department Susan suggested that you might want to call Bill to discuss this and talk about how you want to move forward .
Tana - Do we have NDAs in place with the following companies that would cover discussions with them concerning wireless connectivity for EnronOnline ? Agent Go Aether Systems JP Systems
Do we have our other desired changes incorporated at this point ?
I hope you've had the VCR going .
Any thoughts ?
Sounds good to me .
Looks like I will NOT be able to have my cell phone on during our meetings - but here is the number if you need to get a message to me .
Francisco - Here is an ISDA that Peggy needs in connection with a project she is working on in Mexico . Can you take care of this one ? It looks like it is a deal-specific agreement for an interest rate swap or swaps . Sara can probably fill you in on the kinds of changes from our standard form that would be ok .
FYI
FYI
When we meet this afternoon I'd also like to discuss the Canadian traders using EnronOnline average prices as an index for financial trades .
Apparently this came yesterday but I didn't see it since it didn't come directly from David . Sorry about that .
Yes , I'm planning to be on the call .
This looks like a pretty good list . My suggestions would be to substitute Elizabeth Sager for Leslie Hansen who is on maternity leave and to add Denis O'Connell in London for credit derivatives .
Please arrange for the promotion for Sara Shackleton from Sr . Counsel to Asst . General Counsel effective March 1 , 2001 .
This was the last e-mail from Leslie on the topic . We talked afterwards and I thought she was going to talk to Andy about this but never heard back .
Thanks for your note . Enron does have a policy that somewhat restricts the trading that may be done by employees - even when they are not involved in a trading function . No Enron employee is permitted to trade any commodity for their own account ( or for the account of another ) which Enron trades . The only general exceptions to this are for equity and debt securities - and there are special restrictions on persons who trade those items for Enron . This policy is modified from time to time by the Enron Corp . Board of Directors and is monitored by the Risk Assessment and Control Group . I believe Cassandra Schultz currently has that responsibility . I am sending her a copy of this e-mail ( so in case I have misrepresented the policy in some way , Cassandra please correct me ) and if you need any further information , please contact her . Mark
Gentlemen: Several points regarding the below: We worked for the first half of 1999 to try and negotiate a master agreement with TDCC but failed due to an inability to agree on credit terms ( i.e . TDCC wouldn't sign a master with ANY credit terms in it at all) . Rod Nelson was the Credit Dept . person responsible for this counterparty at that time . If we want to start down this road again , the first step is to contact someone in Credit and have them generate the necessary credit terms for a master agreement . Unless the commercial folks have already , I'll ask someone in my group to get that process started . The e-mail from Dow indicates: "TDCC has never accepted and cannot accept the Terms and Conditions included in the confirmations sent by Enron." All credit concerns aside , if Dow is not signing and returning our confirmations , then based on this statement our derivatives trading with them should stop immediately on legal grounds . The e-mail as forwarded to me did not contain the attachment . Does someone here have it ? Let's hope it works out better this time . Mark
All four look fine to me . To: Mark Taylor/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Robert Bruce/NA/Enron@Enron Subject: "Chinese Wall" Classroom Training This is the first of four e-mails I am forwarding for your review . Mark Haedicke said you should review them before they go out . Janette Elbertson Enron North America Corp . Legal Department - EB3326
FYI
I think the "Wes" we were looking for the other day may be Wes Colwell who I think may be in charge of accounting for ENA . If not , maybe somebody on this list will know something about FAS133 .
Sounds good to me .
Looks good to me . Please make sure Holly puts it on the group calendar .
Yes , a standard presentation that shows generally what traders see when they use the system would be good . We should definitely avoid being too technical .
They don't have the exclusive line ( brand new ) boat for our week but they do have this one . If you can get in the night before we can actually stay on the boat and leave early in the morning - effectively getting an extra day of sailing . If you want to check it out online , their website is www.moorings.com and the boat is a 463 . There's some good stuff on the site for people who've never been before - Bill might find it comforting .
I have taken a stab at a Legal & Privacy Statement for the Broker version of EnronOnline . Please take a look and let me know what you think . Justin - I don't know if or when they expect to launch something like this in Europe but I expect it won't be long . Mark G . has been working on the Broker version of the ETA ( the "BETA" ) and a Fee Agreement which we can send along .
Subj . test
Many changes .
Here's my stab .
Approved .
Becky - please take Mark Haedicke off of the distribution list for this meeting .
Stephanie: This is like a very complicated game of musical chairs . Right now there arpeople in the offices that have been designated for Michelle and Gail . Wecan't move you guys in until we move them out . We can't move them out yetbecause we don't have any more places to move people ! There is a design that has been drawn up to create some additional space ( essentially by shrinking a lot of other spaces ) which I hope will be built out by mid March . That's the best I can do right now . Sorry for the confusion . Mark To: Mark Taylor/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Subject: Moving Date to 38 Janette Elbertson advised that you are the planning person for the space over on 38.; Gail Brownfeld , Michelle Blaine and myself will be moving over tand some point in the near future.; Would you be able to tell me if a definite date ( or ballpark date ) has been scheduled?; Thank you for your|
Approved
I'm in all week - just give me a call .
Approved . Do we have extra monitors/keyboards already on the floor ?
Any idea how I should handle this ?
Just wanted to make sure you had received this .
Just wanted to say hello . I hadn't heard from you lately and wondered how things were going . Have you moved out of the hotel yet ? I know how depressing it can be going home to a hotel room every night . Even though the hotel where I lived for the first three months I was in Jakarta was very nice , it was still just a hotel room . I was so glad to get out of there into an apartment - major quality of life improvement . We've been just busy enough for me this month: Austin for a couple of days on Presidents' Day weekend , a Rockets game last Friday , and we're off to the Diverse Works annual gala on Saturday . Ted wants to leave town to do something - anything - next weekend but I'm trying to talk him out of it since we're taking that week-long cruise starting the following Saturday . Since my arguments carry no weight , I'm just lucky that air fares are surprisingly high right now - $1000 rt to Ft . Lauderdale is even too high for Ted . Ted's brother is working on a project here in town so we had him over the other night for dinner . Ted had planned - can you guess - tuna steaks , having conveniently forgotten that his brother is allergic to fish . How do you just forget something like that ? Luckily they went to the gym ahead of time and Ted mentioned what was on the menu so they stopped at the store and bought his brother a steak on the way home . That nice January bump in Enron's stock price is ancient history now - pretty much the whole thing has been given back . I'm still going to buy a new car - looks like an Audi A6 - but just one . Hope you are doing well ! Mark
The cruise is a western Caribbean cruise on a Carnival Lines ship - leaving from Galveston on the 17th . I'm actually looking forward to it . I may not be partying with the best of them ( or have a body that would entitle me to even try ) but a week in warm weather in a deck chair with a good book and a waiter bringing tropical drinks is sounding really good right now . As for Europe , Ted is thinking London , Amsterdam , Berlin , Finland , Iceland and Norway ( think blond and English speaking) . Personally , I'm reasonably flexible , but I'd rather go biking or barging through the wine country in France or relaxing in a Tuscan hill town or villa than disco-hopping through another Scandinavian capital or revisiting the bars in London . Berlin , Prague and Budapest appeal since I've never been to any of them . Or maybe I can get over to Barcelona just before your cruise with Ted - maybe with a few days in the wine country or Madrid beforehand ?
FYI
Every time I try to go to the "next step" and choose a hotel room type I get the hotel selection for the Sonoma weekend instead of whichever trip I'm looking at .
Let's talk at our group meeting tomorrow about the changes we should be making to our forms based on the CFMA and our conversation with Ken Raisler .
Wow - I suppose it might be mine but I have no idea what it is !
My comments below .
As soon as you like .
My guess is this was a holdover from last year's list .
Ann Ballard in the Corp . legal dept . called me about these guys today . You might check with her to see where things stand .
This is one I did for steel . It should probably be beefed up to include reference to an ISDA master to be signed up front .
Here's one Carol did .
FYI
FYI .
OK
I think this is probably OK . You should probably just check with Samantha & Tana to make sure they aren't planning something then . Since it is Good Friday , it might be a little slower than usual .
Greg: It looks like Melba sent you an example of a put . There is nowhere else on the website to explain the different calculations so they use the identical Long Description except for that one clause to differentiate between puts and calls . So far there have not been any collars , straddles , etc . offered . On the second change , it looked to me like the preceding sentence already covers the treatment of holidays: . ..at the end of such day ( normally being 4:05 p.m . ( MPT) ) on EnronOnline ( or for Saturdays , Sundays and statutory holidays , at the end of the day on the preceding business day).. . which makes the deleted language redundant .
If they can figure out a way to do it , more power to them - but there are only just so many characters available in the short description line .
I wish I could - unfortunately I will be out of town on vacation next week . Thanks for asking !
I'm not sure if Carol's request ever made it to you - she is asking for a flat panel monitor - approved .
Thanks for your note - here is the form . I think we should be able to find someone internally so let's at least try that first .
Mary - here are the confirms I mentioned . Mike - can you send us a red-lined version from the original Annex A form ?
Let's look at the internal candidates first .
It's OK to open AIG Energy Trading Inc . for US financial gas & power .
I'll be out the 26th but in the 27th - the afternoon would probably be better for me since it will be my first day back after vacation .
OK
Thought you might be interested in this message that went out to all Enronemployees .
That works for me - Brent & I are both on 38 - my office is 3892 .
Sorry for the delay - the general rule is that we will pay for a reasonable usage plan ( huge numbers of minutes don't count as reasonable ) but the phone itself is your own .
I guess it looks OK to me . I'm surprised that they will have the ability to identify their own company as a counterparty . Don't we limit the companies they can designate to those already signed up to trade on EnronOnline ?
FYI
Marcus - I understand you are the new physical power online lawyer - lucky you ! Here's one that the EOL people are anxious to get covered . I'd be happy to sit down and go over exactly what all this means and you'll probably want to talk to Tana a bit as well . Mark
Shari Stack has resigned but Marcus Nettelton has been appointed to take over from the physical power side . I'll sit down with him today and get him up to speed .
I think the "sm" is their attempt to designate "enymex" as a service mark . To: Mark Taylor/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Subject: RE: ( 01-91 ) Exchange Selects GlobalView Software Inc . c forCustomer Interface Infrastructure what exactly is an "enymexsm".. .
Jim will fill in when Tom isn't here - I'll figure out a way to get him the key , etc .
The next step is for Chad to contact the Credit Group in RAC . They will do the credit analysis and send a credit worksheet to the Swap Group paralegals who will prepare the first draft , run it by a lawyer and get it ready for the customer .
I tend to agree with you , but Nora Dobin is the lawyer who knows the most about the DealBench system - you should probably check with her .
I suggest you work through Matthew Dawson in the London legal department . They should be able to help you .
I will be on vacation from Monday the 19th through Monday the 26th ( returning to the office on Tuesday the 27th) . My cell phone and pager will not work either at sea or in the countries I will be visiting . I can be reached via Maritime Communications Network at ( 877)225-7447 - you will need to give my name and the name of the ship - Celebration . Since the rates are around $10 per minute , I don't plan to check my voicemail as often as usual but will call in when in port .
I don't know anything about the Daishowa transaction but have to wonder why this information could be relevant to much of anything not directly related to EnronOnline . To the extent we can't avoid disclosing it , I would think that the traders in Calgary will know how many of them trade using the system . If that doesn't work I would try Savita Puthigai ( x31787 ) or David Forster ( x31861 ) on the EnronOnline team .
David - I haven't had a chance to look at this yet but thought I ought to send it on to you . I will be out of the office ( vacation ) until the 27th and didn't want to lose the entire week . Mark ps - I lost all of my voice mails the other day and I think there was one from you regarding a possible conflict - my understanding is that we're just assigning a bunch of transactions over from one party to another and in that case I tend to think there's no problem .
I have not yet done the performance reviews for several people in the group . They are due by the 28th . Please schedule 45 min . for me with each of Sara , Mary , Brent , Carol and Bob Bruce on Tuesday afternoon or Wednesday morning .
I'll certainly take them if nobody else does .
I hadn't heard from you in a while - just wondered how you were .
Any chance you're attending again this year ? It would be nice to catch up .
I highlighted the items I am concerned about ( hard copy in your tray ) - please check and make sure they make sense for us to pay .
Sounds like a great idea . a couple of questions: Can we convert the draft into cash and still maintain our security interest ? If not , can we get the bank to somehow guarantee that the funds will be there - in the US that would require either certification by the bank of the customer's draft or the issuance of an actual bank or cashier's check .
Yes - Thanks !
Thanks for the message back - I'll see you Friday !
How does this process usually start ?
I think it's a nice idea .
Chris - Looks OK to me .
Sorry about that Vance - I just missed it . I don't see any problems here either .
Erica - I have no legal objections to the presentation . I do have to wonder if it is wise from a commercial perspective to so heavily emphasize the importance of the success of EnronOnline to the company's business on the platform itself . Mark
Here's a draft of the bullet points you requested:
Bill - If Sam's description below of the GCP procedure is correct , it looks to me like something needs to be changed . The difficulty lies in the fact that the confirmation system reads the counterparty's name from Global Counterparty . Since divisions of companies are not legal entities they do not have the power to contract in their own names . If the correct legal name is not in Global Counterparty , the confirmation goes out with the wrong legal name on it seriously compromising the contract itself . That is the source of Tana's concern regarding the correct entering of divisions in the system . My suggestion is that Global Counterparty use the same name that the customer has signed on the EnronOnline Password Application -- my understanding is that the EnronOnline team returns inappropriate Applications to the customer until they are correctly completed . In this particular case since the counterparty is still not allowed to transact on EnronOnline almost a month after sending in their application they are understandably upset and are now complaining . I would appreciate it if you could get this one fixed today and , if you have any problem with changing the GCP procedure , please let me know . Mark
Harry - are you the right lawyer to look at this ?
Thanks Bill - appreciate your help !
Doc - I'll be in town through Sunday morning . Any chance we can get together for dinner Saturday eve. ? Mark
Thanks Doc - sounds like fun - see you Saturday !
Paul - Sorry for the delay . I see no problems with this in the current format . There might be an issue if the description of the product included the word COMEX or any other trademark of the exchange . I'm not too concerned about the presence of "COMEX" in the long description since presumably that will not appear on Reuters . Mark T .
That's probably OK - just a little further into the gray . The main concern is that we not be "marketing" the product with reference to the exchange - in our view using the exchange in the name of the product would be a problem but references to the exchange may be acceptable in the product description - an example of what would not work would be describing the product as a "COMEX lookalike" or something similar .
Bill - Sorry for the delay -- I was out of town and believe it or not Enron doesn't have a local access number to its computer system in Monmouth , IL so I just got your message this morning . Don't worry about sailing skills . Among the rest of us we have that pretty well covered . We may be a bit rusty but I'll bet we can keep the boat moving in the right general direction and not hit anything hard enough to do any serious damage . We're going to an area that is one of the easiest places in the world to sail around for a few days . Navigation is easy ( you can always see where you're going) , the waters are protected ( no big waves ) and the wind consistent and not too strong ( so the boat will move but not be hard to handle) . The skills you mentioned ( sitting , drinking & socializing ) are in fact the critical skills for a trip like this . We sure don't want anyone on board who is going to fall down on the job in any of those areas ! If you want a sneak preview , try The Moorings website -- www.moorings.com . Under "Destinations" we're going to the British Virgin Islands . Under "Charter Fleet" we'll be on a Moorings 463 . Since you have your tickets , please send me your flight arrival information . I need to pass that along to The Moorings so they will pick you up at the airport . About the only other items left to deal with are ordering our food and drinks . Amanda has abdicated any responsibility there so Linda & I will take care of most of that . Any particular beverage requests ? Beer , wine , liquor , sodas , juices , mixers ? And finally , just a bit if extra info: 1 . Your cell phones will not work in the BVI . We will have a local cell phone on the boat but won't know the number until we get there . If you need to leave a contact number with someone , give them the Moorings' number in Tortola ( 284)494-2332 . They'll try and reach us either by phone or radio if a call comes in . 2 . A lot of places will take credit cards but we'll need a little cash for renting moorings for the night ( much easier than anchoring - Amanda can explain) , meals out , departure taxes , incidentals and whatever but there aren't going to be lots of ATM's everywhere so you should bring what you think you'll need . US Dollars are the currency . 3 . You will need your passport but there are no visa requirements . 4 . Use soft-sided luggage ( easier to stow on the boat ) and try to carry everything on -- if they lose a checked bag it's hard to get it later . That's about all I can think of right now . Feel free to ask any other questions . I'm starting to get excited now too . It's hard to believe it's less than 3 weeks away ! Mark
Please arrange .
I don't think I knew we were making a mid-week drop at the airport . We need to remember that as we plan where we'll be .
No , the ETA says that if you have a master agreement in place it governs trades in the relevant commodities . In fact , we used that language to mollify the people who were afraid we were going to stop sending confirms when they first signed up for EnronOnline . To the extent we want to eliminate confirms for counterparties with masters , we will need their agreement . From a technical legal perspective we could probably eliminate the confirms for GTC-governed transactions without asking the customer first . Whether or not that is a good idea from a customer relations/marketing/PR view I will leave to others . Since some customers seem to want this pretty badly , you might consider offering to do away with the paper for customers who sign up for your new data transfer arrangement before making it generally available..... .
Bill , Thanks for the info . Just so you know , The Moorings provides airport transfers so there will be somebody with a "Moorings" sign waiting right after you get through customs who will get you into a van or bus to the base . It's a little harder to get to Tortola from Houston so I leave at 6:10 in the morning but don't get there until a few hours after you guys ( on AA5684 which gets there at 5:21) . It turns out I also need everyone's birthday and address . Mind sending yours along ? Mark
Yes , silly me . But just so there's some hope that Bill makes his flight back , we should plan on being in the general vicinity of Tortola on the day of his flight . It turns out I need everybody's birthday and address . I assume you're still at 200 W 86th but don't know your birthday .
I'm pretty sure this is going in across the board for US deals . If you guys want to , I have no objection . We came up with some language to insert into the first paragraph of the confirm indicating that it is subject to the GTC and incorporating it by reference . Bob Bowen has the final version of the language ( I think it varied slightly between various commodities) . Just as a 'heads up' we are also starting down the road of doing away with confirmations altogether for certain US EnronOnline transactions . Maybe we should chat about that and I can give you all the details . It's going to be a lengthy and painful process .
Some interesting articles in this one .
Thanks for the credit card number - I'm sure it will come in handy some day . I was actually planning to pay for the Moorings portion of this as a graduation present . Is that OK ?
I need your birthday and address to finalize the info for the Moorings . Finals going OK ?
Ken - I have a question about the interpretation of this paragraph of the EnronOnline Legal & Privacy Statement . Maybe we can talk about it when we talk about the clearing issue . 14 . In the course of your use of this website , you may provide , or Enron may otherwise obtain , information about you or your business activities . By using this website , you expressly consent to Enron ( 1 ) using this information to assess the function and performance of this website , to assess the needs of its customers , to market Enron's products and services and for the other purposes set out in this paragraph 14 , and ( 2 ) transferring this data to Enron subsidiaries throughout the world for the purposes specified in ( 1 ) above . Any information which you provide or which Enron otherwise obtains will be used solely by Enron and will not be sold or made available to third parties , with the exception of the third parties providing data processing or similar services to Enron , or in connection with Enron's provision or marketing of products and services to you .
Thanks for the info . And I sure hear your -- especially re: crim pro ! On the evidence front , I did the same thing you did -- took it for bar purposes -- but I never cease to be amazed at how often it comes up in my non-litigator's practice . So don't despair , it may yet be helpful.\ I'm really looking forward to sailing too . Just two weeks ! Mark
Attached is a brief outline of the requirements for electronic trading facilities for transactions in exempt commodities . Exempt commodities are all commodities other than financial commodities ( e.g . interest rates , currencies , securities ) and agricultural commodities .
I'm afraid I already have plans but thanks for the invite .
We have reservations with Eric , the golf pro , on Friday afternoon at 3:00 . He thinks 4 or 5 holes will takes us 1 1/2 to 2 hours . We don't have to play just holes 1 through 5 but can pick and choose -- based to some extent on where other people are playing . Saturday afternoon you have a massage appointment at the club at 2:00 with a manicure/pedicure to follow at 3:00 . My massage is at 2:00 . Amanda decided not to participate since she will need to get ready for the party . She is going to try and get lunch reservations for us all at Boar's Head for 11:45 .
Bill doesn't get there until Friday eve . so no golf and I had assumed he would be with Amanda on Saturday . We may miss out on tea . Any idea what the hours are ? We won't be done with golf on Friday until 4:30 or 5:00 . You won't be finished with your nails until 4:00 or 4:30 on Saturday ( and then there's the law school bbq and Amanda's do) . I don't know the agenda for Sunday's afternoon .
very clever
The pro understands there are only three of us 'golfing.' Since we needed something for Fri . afternoon and you and Amanda seemed interested in the golf I went ahead and made the reservation that way . The manicure was Amanda's idea . Never having had one , I just assumed they dried them for you . Would you rather have a facial ? I didn't ask about the morning .
Sorry to hear you're having computer problems . I haven't gotten a virus yet but I have had 2 hard drives crash and burn on me -- one at home and one at the office -- you definitely loose everything when that happens ! My fairly new work computer ( the little one you saw at Christmas ) started making strange noises a couple of weeks ago so I called in the tech support guys . They agreed that is sounded odd so they took everything off of my hard drive , replaced it with a new one and then put all of my stuff back in the new one . Took them a day or so but the weird noises are gone so I feel better . I'm off to San Antonio this week for a couple of days and then leave for sailing on the 11th , returning on the 21st . The last few days ( 18 - 21 ) I'll be staying at a place called Keswick Hall in Virginia . I may be able to send that number before I leave . Love , Mark
I thoroughly agree about tea -- if you can reschedule your manicure the timing would be perfect . And you're right about Sunday afternoon too -- I'm sure by then we'll be ready for a rest . Do we have plans for Sunday eve. ? Do we care ?
I think we're committed to Keswick - haven't we paid for Sun . night there already ?
Bill: I am sending you by FedEx tonight a copy of the most recent edition of the cruising guide to the Virgin Islands . It's not required reading but I thought you might find it interesting to see a bit about where we will be sailing . Please be sure to bring it along with you since we will need it if we try and go to any spots we haven't been to before and since it will have the most up to date information on navigation , restaurants , bars , etc . ( you will see little hand-drawn charts of the most popular anchorages - these are surprisingly useful) . There's a lot of information in there . If you want to focus on just a few , the places we are ( in my humble and easily overridden opinion ) most likely to visit are: Road Town - that's where we will pick up the boat so we're pretty certain to be there The Bight on Norman Island - deserted island but a floating bar/restaurant , good snorkeling nearby Jost Van Dyke - we have always liked Sydney's Peace & Love in Little Harbor and Foxy's in Great Harbor Sandy Cay - the classic deserted island , very small - probably just a lunch or quick swim stop Cane Garden Bay - a little tricky getting in but well worth it - the quintessential Caribbean beach ( swath of white sand , palm trees , steel bands , etc. ) Trellis Bay - closest anchorage to the airport and where there used to be a restaurant called The Last Resort Cooper Island - nice quiet resort on the island with a good outdoor dining option The Baths - wouldn't be a trip to the BVI without a stop here Bitter End Yacht Club - probably about as far as we'd want to go There are some great beaches and secluded anchorages over on St . John but it is in the US Virgins which means clearing the boat out of immigration and customs in the BVI , then clearing into the US at Cruz Bay on St . John and then back into the BVI when we go back over there . Kind of a lot of trouble , particularly since the anchorage in Cruz Bay is so crowded it's impossible to find a good place to leave the boat while we go to clear in . We've done it before but my view is that with limited time it just isn't worth it . Of course , we started this with the assumption that my view isn't necessarily controlling here and I know that Linda particularly likes the restaurant at Caneel Bay ( fancy resort ) on St . John . So stay tuned . We will need to be sure we are anchored somewhere near Tortola ( which probably just means not at the Bitter End or on St . John ) the night before your flight so we can make sure you get to the airport . One alternative is to stay at Trellis Bay - or right across at Marina Cay - that night and just dinghy you over to the dock - it's a 5 min . walk to the airport . Or we can drop you anywhere else there's a phone since there are taxis that can be called and the island just isn't that big - I don't think it could take more than an hour by car to get from any one spot on the island to any other ! I put the Moorings luggage tags in with the cruising guide . They aren't that important unless you check bags . Please be sure to use them if you check anything since that will make it much more likely that they will catch up with us some day . I'm not sure , but it may also make it just a tad easier to get through BVI customs when they see those familiar tags . Here are some BVI links if you have time to do a little surfing: Call or e-mail with any questions . Mark ( 713)853-7459 ( work )
Unfortunately I already have plans . But thanks for the invite !
Since we will all be swamped trying to get out of here on time tomorrow , I think we should defer the group meeting . I will be out of town on the 16th , so please check your calendars to see if 10:00 on the 9th will work as a substitute .
I'll be there !
An extra $200 is just a drop in this bucket . St . Regis sounds good to me .
You always make me laugh . Why don't you just pay for you . You've been footing the bill for Amanda & her friends all these years; it's your turn to take a break ! By the way , I don't remember pointing out that she is spoiled - thinking it often enough , but not pointing it out . Of course we both know how my tongue loosens and my memory locks up in direct proportion to the volume of alcohol consumed.... .
The recent amendments to the Commodity Exchange Act essentially codified the prior regulations on this point . If this technique was effective in 1998 it should still be effective today .
Taffy did a great job setting all of this up so the visiting attorneys had places to work and use the phone and their computers . I don't know that it is part of her job description -- she just saw the need and filled it .
I got this from Stewart today..... .
FYI
You may already have this but I thought I'd send it along .
From marshallconsultants.com SENIOR MEDIA RELATIONS PROFESSIONALS with the savvy to deal with varied andsensitive issues needed for the leading organization in one of North Americs top spectator sports. ? Work will require heavy travel to sporting eventsacross the country )  in some cases as many as 30 weekends per year away from home base. ? Salaries are open , starting at about $80K but potentially goinghigher than that . ( Contact Justin Meyer ) ?  Email Justin Meyer
As you already know , it's that time again . Since I am leaving on vacation Friday morning , please use the system to input your suggested reviewers no later than noon tomorrow ( Thursday ) so that I can approve them and get the process started before I leave . Sorry for the inconvenience . Mark
Can you please see if you can get me out of this ? I have to talk to Ken Raisler with Brent & Julia at 2 and with tomorrow being my last day before vacation it will no doubt be too hectic to do an interview .
She's right - there are a couple of high class resorts that require long pants and a collared shirt but we can easily avoid those . The first few years we went sailing down there I always took long pants and even a sport coat "just in case." The sport coat NEVER got used . I usually wear a pair of khakis on the plane since they are sometimes cold and have used them a couple of times down there over the years but for the most part it's a tres casual part of the world . p.s . Did you get the cruising guide I sent ?
Approved .
Glad you got the package . I view chess as one of the incontrovertible pieces of evidence that the Peter Principle is in operation in my life . I know how all the pieces move but I can't see more than one move ahead -- proving that I am basically an idiot and have advanced well beyond where I long ago should have maxed out professionally . So if you want someone to use to provide nearly unlimited examples of how to make mistakes in playing ( while nevertheless following the rules) , I'm your man .
Oops - I didn't notice that your first message this morning went to Linda & Amanda also . I guess we'd better bring a pair of long pants .
Here is a first draft of an amendment agreement . Please feel free to rip it to shreds .
Peter: My only concerns would be: ( 1 ) To the extent of any overlap in customers ( which seems unlikely but it's happened here) , we would want all of the transactions to be in the same entity for netting and setoff purposes . ( 2 ) It's been a while since we've done any due diligence focused on retail financial transactions in Canada . We are pretty restricted in that area in the US . As I remember it , the new law and subsequent regulations we unearthed a couple of years ago may impose similar restrictions in Canada . ( 3 ) If traders in the US might close one of these transactions with a Canadian counterparty or traders in Canada transacted with a US counterparty , they would not be covered by the services agreement in place between Enron Canada and ENA . Let me know if I can be of any help . Mark T .
I don't have copies of any of the FASB pronouncements . I suggest you find one of the accountants who handles these things . I don't know who that is so i would start wit Paige Grumulaitis -- she seems to know most accounting answers and when she doesn't , she knows who to ask .
Ken Raisler will be here on Monday , May 21 to conduct several training sessions for the weather and steel trading desks . If you can work it into your schedule , please try and attend one or more of these sessions . Brent will have further scheduling details . Mark
Sorry I haven't been able to respond . I have been swamped trying to get away for a vacation and in fact am leaving in the morning . I will have to get back to you when I return which will not be until the 22nd .
I was just cleaning out my e-mails ( well , a few of them anyway ) and ran across this . I hope you already knew about it but if not maybe it's not too late to have input .
I got another one .
Thanks for forwarding all the e-mails while I was out last week . I found this one in my in-box when I got back this morning . Is it yours ?
And another.... .
Approved .
I got another one .
And another.... .
Please check your records and make sure your e-mails intended for me are addressed to the correct Mark Taylor . There are two of us here at Enron and the other Mark is getting some of your EOL approvals e-mails .
Here is the first draft from the EnronOnline folks .
Stacey , Mark H . and I met this afternoon to discuss the December conference agenda and have the following suggestions: 1 . Review of California Energy Litigation -- ( Mark H . would be good for this one . If he can't make it , we can probably find a substitute. ) 2 . German Energy Markets 3 . Convergence of Commodity Trading Forms There were also a couple of topics included on the Houston agenda this year that might also be appropriate: Christophe's panel discussion on new markets E-commerce panel I have also copied several of the lawyers in our London office who are active in the derivatives and commodity trading world to solicit their suggestions for appropriate topics to be added to the agenda .
Yes , I think I did approve this by a reply e-mail earlier this week .
approved
Is this one OK as well ?
The single greatest improvement you could possibly make would be to allow the making of reservations for reward travel .
approved
Tony - Here is the resume of the candidate we discussed last week . Mark
As per my call .
Here is a draft of the US version . Please let me know if it works for you .
As per my call .
I've got three undeveloped rolls of film in my car that I keep meaning to get developed but always forget until I'm not in the car . I'll get around to it one of these days . My address is: 1322 Rutland St .
Homer - The problem with the language you suggest is that it will be triggered by any term that is longer than a month . As far as I know , we have never had a product that went from mid-month to mid-month . Is that a real issue for us here ? We have language in a few products already that takes care of the second issue ( deals shorter than one month): Each calendar month during the term of the Transaction will be a Determination Period; provided that , if the term of the Transaction is less than one calendar month , the Determination Period shall be the term of the Transaction . In some cases ( e.g . power swaps) , when the deal is for less than a month the payment dates are modified to fall at the beginning of the following month ( rather than 5 days after the floating price is determinable) . That is a commercial call . Just let me know how you want to handle that issue . If mid-month to mid-month deals are likely , let me know and I will come up with alternative language . Mark
Here are my pitiful attempts at photos from the trip:
Here are my pitiful attempts at photos from the trip:
There would have been more of these if I could just learn to keep my fingers out from in front of the lens..... .
Can you help them with this ?
Can you help them with this ?
I haven't heard anything from anyone but you and the EnronOnline team . I suggest we go forward as you suggested in your June 4 e-mail and deal with the mid-month to mid-month issue if it ever actually arises .
Let's discuss this .
As per our call .
Let's discuss this .
Can you coordinate with Holly ?
Veronica - The a/c people didn't make it Saturday because off the flooding . They called yesterday to reschedule and will be there this coming Saturday morning sometime after 8:00 . Let me know if you won't be around so I can let them in . Mark "Veronica Brock" 06/11/2001 08:24 AM To: mark.taylor@enron.com cc: Subject: A/C Arrangements Mark , Do you have a number where I can call the technician in regards to checking the a/c system ? I don't know whether I need to make arrangements or if you will . Please advise . Regards , Veronica Brock Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at
Thanks for your note . You're lucky with the computer -- I also have road runner service but mine has been out for several days . Good luck with your clean-up !
Thanks for your note . Do you have a lot of people missing in action this morning ? In addition to Brent ( no surprise there ) I'm missing Susan ( again , no real surprise - they weren't even flooded but the roof leaked ) and Sara ( who was out of town and couldn't get a flight back until this morning .
Can you access this website ? ( article re: Broadband )
February/March 2001 Issue Enron Unveils Storage Trades Enron Broadband has completed a series of deals in the data storage market , commoditising this fast-growing area for the first time . It acted as a market maker , purchasing storage capacity from StorageNetworks - which was then sold on to Best Buy , a retailer of electronics products . Crucially , both contracts were based on Enron's standard contract and included firm delivery with liquidated damages . In the last few years the storage market has moved from being a self-managed and owned business to one where storage is served up from a standard metro network . Enron's involvement will be bring flexibility of contract offering and imbedded optionality , according to Ravi Thuraisingham , a senior trader at Enron . "When we sell the product to the customer we remain in the market to buy the capacity back should they wish to unwind their position later . That is unprecedented," says Thuraisingham . The storage market has historically been more flexible and more committed to firm delivery than the bandwidth market , but these trades mark a significant development . Rather than dated damages the storage market has tended to favour discounts on future purchases . "There is a premium in the price for firm delivery," says Thuraisingham . He says that a number of other market participants are eager to commit to Enron as a market maker . In addition , equipment vendors are excited by the possibilities of the market . "most storage equipment at the moment is supplied to the enterprise market . This development opens up the wholesale storage capacity market," says Thuraisingham .
Broadband Networking News Mark Holmes 03/27/2001 Enron Hits Back Quickly After Blockbuster Failure Houston-based energy and communications conglomerate Enron's Enron Broadband Services unit signed a deal with Electronics Boutique earlier this month to deliver video games on demand in a bid to boost content offerings to its broadband customers as part of its entertain-on-demand ( EOD ) service . Under the terms of the March 19 deal , Electronics Boutique subsidiary EBWorld.com will stream leading games for rental to Enron 's broadband customers . The deal is a positive development for Enron after the collapse of a deal with Blockbuster , which the companies announced March 9 , that would have given Enron exclusive rights to deliver movies for a video-on-demand service . "The exclusive relationship has not yielded the quantity and quality of movies needed to drive demand for this exciting new on-demand service," explains Kenneth D . Rice , president and CEO of Enron Broadband Services . "The Blockbuster announcement was disappointing , but I do think the technology and systems to be able to do that are virtually complete," notes James Yannello , a utilities equity analyst at UBS Warburg . "I do think they will be able to potentially a deliver a variety of items to end-users . I would guess they need to do some more deals , driving traffic on [to] their systems . I think they can bounce back pretty quickly from the Blockbuster deal . I think the blow was more psychological and I would suggest it was used as an excuse for some others to lower some very aggressive price targets on the company , which is what they did." The failure of the Blockbuster deal was a blow for the company as the exclusive 20-year agreement could have given Enron significant upside in the content delivery business . "I don't see Blockbuster as being a broadband killer for Enron , " Bob Christensen , a utilities equity analyst at First Albany Corp. , tells Broadband Networking News . "I think they will probably [get] one or two anchor tenants before the year is out . I am optimistic." The deal with Electronics Boutique and the failure of the deal with Blockbuster emphasize the importance Enron is placing on securing content for its broadband network . Yet its main revenues from the telecom arena will continue to be derived from its bandwidth intermediation business , which uses pooling points to provide the physical interconnectivity between bandwidth buyers and sellers , allowing users to provide bandwidth on demand . This is Enron 's core telecom business . The content deals , while important , are not being factored into most analysts' forecasts on the company . "I am confident that the content delivery business will be successful," says Ray Niles , a utilities equity analyst at Salomon Smith Barney . "The fact of the matter is they did get another deal . It was not as large as the Blockbuster deal , but they did get another one in there . We are not putting numbers in our model and our earnings forecast for content delivery . Whether it is very successful or not very successful , in our forecasts , we are not assuming any particular forecast for the content delivery business . I think bandwidth intermediation is their competitive advantage." "The reality is that no one had any earnings ( from Blockbuster ) in the company projections for several years at best," Yannello adds . "It was a big name and was portrayed to be the killer app . It is disappointing , but I do think they will be able to bounce back with other deals . I also think in an early sense this gaming announcement is probably the tip of the iceberg of what they will be able to bring in." Enron , which produced revenues of over $101 billion in 2000 from its various businesses , is still rated highly by analysts , despite the failure of the Blockbuster deal . "We have a $100 target price and a 'strong buy' rating," Yannello says . "That assumes roughly $75 of value for their energy business and $25 of value for their broadband services division . I think given what has happened in the broader market in the telecom arena , and given that the Blockbuster deal has falling apart , I think we be will waiting a while before we expand that $25 telecom valuation."
He told me , but I think it's still supposed to be under wraps .
Thank you for taking advantage of SMARTPages member services powered by InfoSpace.com ! YOU MUST REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE TO CONFIRM YOUR REQUEST . Please follow the instructions: STEP 1 Verify that the information appearing below is correct . STEP 2 If the information is CORRECT , press the Reply button in your email program to reply to this message . Your reply will authorize the modification of your profile . Be sure your reference code ( shown below ) is copied into the Subject line and/or the body of your reply . In most email programs , this will happen automatically . If the information is INCORRECT , do not reply to this message . Please return to the SMARTPages White Pages and resubmit your request . Do not attempt to make corrections in the body of this message , because your corrections will be ignored and your listing may be updated with incorrect information . Changing listing: TAYLOR , MARK 1322 Rutland St Houston , TX 77008 US to: TAYLOR , MARK 1322 Rutland St Houston , TX 77008 US Cellular phone: [713-206-8080] High School: [Walter Johnson ] University: [Monmouth College] This reference code MUST appear in your reply: In most cases , your listing will be updated within 24 hours of receipt of your reply to this message . Updates normally take effect between 1 a.m . and 4 a.m . Pacific time . To confirm the changes detailed above , click the Reply button in your email program to send a message to kevdb@infospace.com , and be sure your reference code appears in your reply.If you have questions or suggestions , please email custserv@infospace.com ( but please do NOT use this address to confirm changes) . Thank you for using the SMARTPages White Pages service powered by InfoSpace.com . Sincerely , The InfoSpace.com Team
Thanks for your note . I came through pretty much OK but my garage was flooded and my house turned into a little island there for a few hours .
I think I am probably the right person . Glad to help .
This looks good to me .
You probably already have this but just in case.... .
Approved
Approved
Approved
Now that we have all migrated to Outlook , please be sure to give everyone in the group access to view your calendar . You will need to grant permissions to all group members both in the "Outlook Today" box at the top of your folders list and in the "Calendar" box . 1 . Right click on "Outlook Today" at the top of the folders list ( if your folders list is not visible , click on "View" and then "Folder List" ) 2 . Left click on "Properties" at the bottom of the list that pops up 3 . Left click on the "Permissions" tab 4 . Add all of the swap group members as "Reviewers" to give them read access Repeat the above process but starting on the "Calendar" line of your folders list . Once everyone has done this , we will all be able to access each other's calendars by using the File Open menu .
Chris - any chance you can show what the specific changes are ?
I got your message and the e-mail . I'll be happy to go pick them up . Once I have them I'll let you know and we can arrange for you to get them .
FYI
It really was unbelievable . Our neighborhood usually doesn't have too much trouble but the velocity of the rain ( at one point they say it was 6" per hour ) was so high that it just couldn't drain away that fast . The water got so high that it was several inches high in the garage ( not high enough to get in the car) , covered the pool and completely surrounded the house . It looks like it covered the porch and got right up to the top of the slab since some of the floor boards are starting to warp , but not as high as the door sills since none actually came in . Just one more inch and I'd be in big trouble . Luckily I slept through the whole thing - if I'd been awake I would have totally freaked and started carrying rugs & furniture to the second floor -- a lot of trouble and anxiety for nothing since it never did come inside . The garage apt . tenant parks on the street and her car had water inside and it wouldn't start without being jumped . I got home about midnight the night it happened and it was raining but the street was clear -- no standing water anywhere . By the time I got up in the morning it was all gone . Interstate 10 where it goes near our place ( say from downtown out to the loop ) looked like a river - the water filled the entire thing all the way up to the bottoms of the overpass bridges ! I didn't see it myself but I hear that 59 was the same way where it dips down between Montrose and Shepherd . You missed a big one !
( i ) It constitutes an "eligible contract participant" as such term is defined in the Commodity Exchange Act , as amended 7 U.S.C . ? 1a(12 ) and ( ii ) it constitutes an "eligible commercial entity" as such term is defined in the Commodity Exchange Act , as amended 7 U.S.C . ? 1a(11) .
1 - NOT a bulkhead 2 - Prefer an aisle 3 - if it is a 2 - 2 - 2 configuration , prefer one of the center two seats
Just wanted to let you know that I plan on attending the June 25 meeting along with Jonathan Marsh and perhaps one or two others from Enron .
I have your travelers Checks . Are you mobile yet ?
I have to agree . It sounds like a fundamental lack of consideration situation . If we are the buyer and actually believe there is value here , we should be willing to pay SOME kind of premium , even if it is fairly small .
I'm happy to take a look at the proposed language and coordinate with the lawyers in London and Singapore . The difficulty in making the Long Description language the same around the world is that the underlying GTC's are necessarily different because they are governed by different laws . We'll see what we can do .
Hope you had a good vacation . Thanks for forwarding all of my mail . Now that I've been migrated to Outlook it may actually get worse instead of better . My assistant is trying to see if there isn't something the IT people can do .
FYI
I have inserted my changes below .
I have left a lengthy voicemail for you with my comments -- the comments aren't that lengthy , just the voicemail . Please call if you have any questions: or page me at 1-877-855-2081
Louise Kitchen has asked to be included and receive copies of our answers .
I'm still concerned about the terms "price" and "quotation." My understanding was that "Worldscale" is not a number denominated in a currency but rather a percentage number which can be used with reference to a currency denominated figure to calculate a price . That is what it looks like in the Baltic Exchange Limited publication . I haven't seen the IITRA publication so can't comment on how their quotations are denominated . The problem is that in the first paragraph of the long description , the Floating Price is defined to be the Index . Therefore the Index must be a currency denominated number . That is why in the US version I used the average of the prices "calculated using the Worldscale Assessments." Do I have this all wrong ?
I would very much like to get some time with each of these people while I'm there . I have already arranged some time with Jonathan Marsh on Monday morning since he knows a lot about the ISDA meeting that afternoon . I would prefer , if possible , to have some time with each of Paul Simons and Justin Boyd before the rest of the crew so that I can hear a bit about them before I actually sit down with them . Don't worry if that's not possible . I'd also like to get some time with each of Edmund Cooper , Mark Elliott , Mark Evans , Robert Quick and Marcus Von Bock . Mark Evans would be best towards the end of the stay - maybe lunch on Wed. ?
If you really think you'll need to get in touch while I'm overseas you can try my international cell phone # 44-7881-512-535 which is a London phone number but works throughout Europe and North America . And of course when all else fails you can always try to page me at ( 877)855-2081 or send an e-mail to my pager at 8778552081@pagenetmessage.net . But the bottom line is that there is a large percentage of the time that I'm just plain unreachable since I turn them all off and let the machines do the answering -- which may not impress Joe but in my book is even more impressive than having lots of numbers .
Regarding the need for the RMT confirms , I have always thought this was really a tax issue and that for audit purposes they were needed . If that is not the case , I don't object to doing away with them altogether . We have approved doing away with confirms for EOL trades on a counterparty by counterparty basis . We haven't actually gotten there with anyone yet , having just started the actual discussions this week . Our plan was to negotiate an written agreement with each affected counterparty to amend the master agreements where appropriate . Initially we are only working on physical power , physical natural gas and derivatives transactions ( other than weather) . The idea is that a lawyer from each affected group would be involved to insure that all of the bases are properly covered . This will obviously be a very time-consuming and laborious process . The initial list of 10 or 15 counterparties to approach was selected by the back office people . Our conclusion that this was even possible was based only on Texas and New York law analysis . If any Canadian deals are at issue , we will need to get you involved both for the analysis and the negotiations . Hope this is helpful . Let me know if it makes sense to you . Mark P.S . -- Please be careful when sending e-mails to me . There are two Mark Taylors and we're hard to tell apart . The other guy has his middle initial ( "A" ) in some of the lists and sometimes there is a globe next to his name , but not mine . My name usually has my phone number next to it . We're trying to get the IT people to do something to better distinguish us .
We agreed from a legal perspective and sent the language along to the EOL people to make sure that it works on the system . I haven't heard back .
Dale - I know you are getting frustrated with the delay on counterparty approvals . We have asked Stephanie Panus , one of the other paralegals in the group , to get started on this process and hope that that will speed things along . Tana is in the process of showing her the ropes and I am hopeful that they will make significant progress by the end of the week . Mark
Yes , I was working with Justin Boyd and Ian Brungs in the legal dept . I think they sent the revisions to Arfan .
Since we are not an FCM or an IB , I think we can let this one go .
looks fine to me
Rats - I thought I had picked a day when we were all going to be here - your day off was not listed on my group calendar . Sorry !
Thanks Chris . I've taken a quick look at these and my reaction is ( 1 ) as to the definitions of specified transaction , we will probably not want to sign on to the expansive provision as an end-user , but it may make sense from the dealers' perspective and ( 2 ) we have needed exactly what is being proposed regarding the calculation of termination payments for some time and I view this as a major step forward . Bottom line , I don't think we will be advocating the MFA position .
Kelly: Thanks for getting back to me with your analysis . Here's what I've done: Not sure what the situation is with the Lead Expediter ( 95% ) position -- the phone line of the manager for that one doesn't seem to be working and an e-mail to him was returned as undeliverable -- even though his name was in the company e-mail address book . But he's in the same department as one of the jobs below ( Sr . Purchasing Agent I think) , and this position is a more junior slot , so you probably want to be considered for the more senior position first anyway . The Senior Project Manager ( 80-90% ) and Senior Purchasing Agent ( 80% ) slots are still open . I talked briefly to the managers listed on the postings and have forwarded your resume to them for consideration . I have no feel for the timing on the Proj . Mgr . position and in fact the manager was a bit brusque , but the guy on the Purch . Agent job said the timing was great since he's taking a stack of resumes home with him this weekend to review . I've left voice-mail messages concerning the Construction Engineer ( 90% ) and Process/Mechanical Engineer II ( 80% ) positions and will forward your resume if they are still looking . On the others , it might make sense to go ahead and go through the application process on the website . Particularly for the one that says not to contact them directly -- there's no pointing in making them mad before they even see your resume ! I'll keep you posted on the others . If there are no answers to my voicemails by the middle to end of next week , you might want to submit for those on the website , too . At least then you know your resume is in the hopper . Mark
I will not be able to attend .
We discussed the process of doing away with the confirmations for EnronOnline transactions in our last group meeting . It looks like the most equitable way to staff these is to rotate them among the lawyers like we rotate masters among the paralegals . No one should end up with more than two or three of them that way . Janet Moore is taking a first cut using the form and adding the power-specific provisions and then sending them on to the gas group . The gas group will then forward them to me for us to include any derivatives-specific provisions .
We should talk about this when you have a minute .
This is fine with me . In the past , Dave wanted to see all of the ETA and PA amendments that we negotiated with EnronOnline users . I take it these should go to you now . If it comes to you from me , Leslie Hansen or Mark Greenberg , you can assume that Legal has signed off and it is just coming to you for final approval . Let us know if you no longer want to receive these .
Could one of you please take a look at the red-lined language in the attachment and let me know if it is ok to approve it . Thanks !
I'm coming to New York this weekend and will be there until Tuesday . Any chance we could get together for a drink while I'm in town ? Mark
FYI
Thanks -- I agree .
I have the pager with me but don't know if it's working . Would you mind sending a test message ? Did you set up a lunch for me for tomorrow with David Mitchell ? It isn't on my calendar - or at least not the calendar I can access from the road . Hope you had a good weekend ! Mark
Everyone I've talked to was thoroughly impressed . I'd be happy to proceed but did get an e-mail from Cheryl on Friday indicating she wanted to talk about it...not sure yet what that means . I'm out of town today and tomorrow - if you have time to stop by Cheryl's office & ask , that might help . My only concern with Kim at all is that she probably can't start until September . Probably worth the wait though .
This is a test e-mail page .
I will be happy to attend .
I'm afraid I will have to be on the phone for this one .
David - Apologies for my silence . I need to check with Mark H . and make sure he is still on board but I think it is a good idea and would suggest we try and schedule something for early September . Mark
FYI
No problem .
This looks ok to me but I thought I should run it by you first . Any objections ?
As per my voice mail .
FYI - I will stick my head in today .
I have tentatively booked us on the QE2 sailing from Southampton at 5pm on August 29 , arriving New York at 7:30am on September 4 . You and Amanda have a Caronia class cabin at $2045.32 per person , including air from New York to London ( with a business class upgrade on Continental) . I have a single in the same class ( so we eat in the same restaurant) . My plan would be to fly over on Sunday evening - the 26th - since I have to be in Ohio that morning . With that in mind I have also booked jr . suites for us at "41" the all-inclusive London hotel near Buckingham Palace that I've mentioned to you before . They are at 275 GBP per night ( 2 nights) . Of course , if you guys wanted to go earlier to spend more time in London , I am sure that would be possible . The difficulty is that Amanda has indicated an interest in staying in Europe longer - certainly understandable . Her preference would be to go over on the boat leaving NY on September 5 , arriving in Southampton Sept . 10 and then stay in Europe for a few weeks . That doesn't work quite as well for me because I only have 6 vacation days left and on that routing I get one less day in London - i.e . we get off the boat on Monday morning and I have to fly back Tuesday morning . On the other hand , we wouldn't be jet lagged on arrival in London ! They will hold the reservation until tomorrow . What's your preference ?
looks good to me - do I need to approve this in the system ?
Let's go ahead and make her an offer to start as soon as she can - that may not be until September but if she can make it sooner that would be great .
Here is the first of the no more confirms agreements . Can you please handle this one ? Even though it came to me over two weeks ago I didn't realize this was ready for us until the back office and EOL people called asking for it ( entirely my fault ) so there is a certain urgency to it . I also have counterparties for Francisco , Sara and Frank to get started on , but I thought you would be better for the urgent one since you have the most experience with these issues .
Here is the Aquilla no-more-confirms agreement .
Have we been officially sanctioned by the LME ? If so , please send me a copy of any official statements of sanction . Depending on exactly what they say , we may have to report the situation to other exchanges here and possibly the CFTC . Thanks !
Here is the no-more-confirms document I mentioned .
here it is
Here is the first of the no-more-confirms agreements . Power and Gas have already made their changes to the form so now it's our turn . Sara , Mary and Francisco also have counterparties they are working on .
Here is the first of the no-more-confirms agreement . Power and Gas have already made their changes so now it's our turn . Sara , Brent and Mary also have counterparties they are working on .
When: Monday , July 23 , 2001 2:00 PM-3:00 PM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) . Where: EB2126
FYI
FYI
Thanks for the offer , but I can't get away that early without taking vacation time . At this point my flight gets in at 8:36 p.m . I'm afraid Amanda's friends will be disappointed . The two-step , a polka or maybe a C&W line dance is more in the Texas line; they'd be disappointed there as well but their expectations might be slightly more reasonable .
I asked for a return date for you of September 12 which is the day I'm coming back . But since I will be going to Houston and you will be going to NYC we won't be traveling together anyway . Would you rather stay an extra day or two ?
Will you guys be around the first weekend in August ? I have to be in nyc the 1st & 2nd on business - thought I'd check and see what you were up to . Mark
Here are my comments:
Your reservations went through on the card you wanted . I asked for 9/12 as your return date and 9/26 as Amanda's .
Veronica , The lease automatically converts to a month-to-month lease at the beginning of August at the same rent . That means that from then on either one of us can cancel with 30 days notice to the other if they want to . That's ok with me if it works for you . Mark
Let's plan on it . My only question is whether I'll be able to come on Friday eve . or have to wait until Sat . a.m . Do you have plans that would make one day better than the other ? I have a 4:00 flight back to Houston on Sunday afternoon and will be able to get a rent car at the Newark airport so you won't have to worry about transport for me .
Tom Gros and the Commodity Logic team will be presenting a demo tomorrow of the various modules which go live in the next week or so . The demos are scheduled for 1:30 to 2:30 and 3:00 to 4:00 tomorrow afternoon in EB5C2 . Please feel free to attend one of the sessions if you are interested .
I already have a meeting scheduled at 11 on Monday .
If this doesn't work , I can just send you the three whole presentations . Let me know . Mark
Unfortunately , it's each one comes from a different presentation -- here are all three: Slide 3 Slide 9 Value Proposition Slide 31
Here is the language for the risk control slide . Sorry I can't send it to you as a slide but what they sent me was actually 31 slides that Ken and I've distilled down to one . Enron Risk Assessment and Control ( RAC ) Market Risk Management Policy approved by Board of Directors Trading Limits Value at Risk daily reports -- stress testing Application of Extreme Value Theory Credit Risk Management Counterparty credit exposure aggregation and management Counterparty Value at Risk models Segregation of Duties; Independence of RAC optimizes focus on risk identification and performance measurement
Here is the Doug Leach/Russell Dyk e-mail .
Do I assume correctly that dinner is at home in NJ rather than at home in NY ?
What should we do about keeping track of names , phone numbers etc . for me ? Is it time to start with one of the programs now available ?
ISDA's interview is on Wednesday afternoon .
How did it go ?
Our agreements with EnronOnline customers prohibit us from sharing their names with third parties ( i.e . non-Enron companies) . We can use our customer lists ourselves for marketing our products , but can not give the lists to anyone else .
FYI
We do know which companies use the system . I don't know if that information is stored in a searchable format but there is definitely a customer database that has profiles stored for each customer and determines what they have access to on the system . My guess is that the only way to answer the question is for someone to sit down with the list of all customers and try and figure out which ones are utilities -- a less than perfect process but one that would give you a ballpark number .
Had a great weekend and looking forward to next time . Hope you made it back to town ok . I had no problems but I think you should just assume that from the Newark airport it's at least 2.5 hours , probably a bit more . The Avis lady didn't bat an eye; of course I stood towards the back of the car so she wasn't really looking at the front and there was a big line forming behind me so she was in a hurry . Did the kids get away even close to on time ? Thanks again !
A spoon is a good start . I think it's good as a cake frosting , as a filling between a couple of cookies , maybe spread on toast or even dissolved in coffee ? In Buenos Aires I remember it coming in a tiny little jar at breakfast along with the marmalade and honey -- goodness knows what they put it on .
Sure - just send me the numbers -- or maybe a website or two . We run the risk that when you show up it's a crappy boat but then we'll know better the next time .
Sorry for the delay . I will be out of town most of this week but could set up a time to talk on the phone if that works for you either Thursday afternoon or Friday morning . Otherwise , how about Monday August 6 at 10:00 , 2:00 or 3:00 ?
Sorry for the delay -- these look fine to me .
Can you add yourself to my rolodex ?
This came from the EOL info web site as it is . Maybe the PowerPoint experts can go there to get a better version ?
Do you know anything about this ?
Joel -- I've taken a quick look at these and think that they are really more in the physical trading line than derivatives . I'm trying to figure out who the physical metals trading lawyer is to take a look at them for you .
I've checked with Alan and I think Mike R . is probably the right guy all the way around .
I didn't see your name in any of these e-mails . Do you get involved in Trade Commission issues ?
Monday afternoon is much better for me .
Is this something you are still handling ?
Turning Knowledge into Value for the benefit of its Clients , People and Communities Charles A . Fishkin Advisory Services Practice Capital Markets , Risk Management , Treasury Risk 757 Third Ave . New York New York 10017 Helping Organizations and Individuals achieve their objectives in the New Economy through measuring performance , managing risks and leveraging knowledge
Here are the forms for the paralegals . I didn't have Marie on my list since she was with EBS reviewed her for the first half of the year .
The project for converting our Lotus Notes database to Oracle is now underway . The technical people need a list of the upgrades we want as soon as possible . Tana will be stopping by within the next few days to solicit your input . Please give this some thought now so that you can be ready with suggestions for her .
Thanks for a great weekend . Don's family was a lot of fun and what an incredible guest list for lunch ! I wish I could have been better company . Love , Mark
Please call me:
Hi Justin -- I'm afraid I don't really know what this is all about . It sounds like it might be something the tax people should be doing . Can you fill me in ?
I think it would be a good idea if you would print these out when you get them and bring them in at some point so we can go over them .
Oops . Sorry , I'll bring them by .
That's fine with me - I've booked it . Just let me know if you need to change the time .
Janette -- would you please revise Mark's group list to delete Mark A Taylor and add me as Mark E Taylor ? Thanks !
Wow -- you must really get in early ! Thanks for forwarding these things . I've asked Janette to revise her distribution list . Mark
I think Holly talked the e-mail gods into making the change a month or so ago . The other Mark T . and I have gotten each other's e-mails for a long time but the switch to Outlook exacerbated the problem because we were totally indistinguishable in that system's address book . It's gotten a lot better since the revised names were put in .
Yes , that makes sense to me .
Good catch ! I was thinking that Thanksgiving was the 29th -- oops . I'll get a revised quote . Any ideas for who wants to go ? This particular boat has three cabins and heads . If we have another person ( Jim? ) or couple ( the Johns? ) we would get along with for a week it would be fun and less expensive . And if there are even more , we could get a larger boat with four cabins . We just need to know sooner rather than later to get the boat reserved .
Kay -- please revise your distribution list to remove Mark A Taylor and add me as Mark E Taylor . Thanks !
Brad Richter and Jay Webb are now in charge at EnronOnline . Brad is responsible for the commercial side of things and Jay handles operations .
Andy is still at Enron . He's working on the gas trading desk .
Attached is a three page summary of our retail swaps interview in New York prepared by the CFTC . Please take a quick look at it and let me know if you have any comments . Mark
I was under the impression that no confirmations were sent by e-mail . All of our derivatives transactions are confirmed by fax and the vast majority of physical commodity transactions are as well . There are a very few which are not confirmed at all but I don't know of any that involve e-mail .
test message w/e
using mataylo1
Sorry for any confusion . You can use either mark.taylor or mark.e.taylor@enron.com for my e-mails . mtaylor@enron.com actually belongs to a colleague named Mitch Taylor so I don't know how it got to williard.com -- or where all those messages you've been sending ended up ! All very confusing .
yes
I seem to remember that we talked about you doing Anne's review . I hope it's not just wishful thinking . Here is the form for her .
I would like to attend .
Here are the quotes from the Moorings . One is for a 464 which is about the size of boat we had last time but with 4 cabins and 2 heads ( last time was 3 cabins , 3 heads which would be better for a smaller group but they're already booked) . The other is for a 505 , a 50' boat with four main cabins , each with its own head , and a fifth smaller cabin in the forepeak . If we have need for the fourth cabin , I'd be inclined to go with the larger boat . I talked to Jim on Friday and he's thinking about it - wanted to check his calendar , etc . Any idea how to get in touch with the Johns ? Other potential sailors to suggest ? Luck curtailing Jamie's guilt trip ?
If you have not sent me a current project list within the last week , please do so no later than noon tomorrow using the attached format .
This is the current incarnation of project offline . They are trying to find customers who would like us to set up and operate a version of EOL for them . I think Anne has been the point person for them . It is not related to the back office deal .
Marie -- I'm afraid I don't have anything on physical bandwidth at all . It might make sense to check with the lawyers in EBS -- I would suggest you start with Cynthia Harkness and Robbi Rossi .
1 . EnronOnline is not an exchange , it is a bilateral transaction system . It differs from futures exchanges in many respects including the following: ( i)an Enron entity is a counterparty to every transaction concluded over the system; ( ii ) EnronOnline transactions are not cleared; ( iii ) the transactions concluded on the system are forward contracts or derivatives , not futures; and ( iv ) access to EnronOnline is restricted to commercial entities , i.e . no retail transactions are concluded on EnronOnline . 3 . EnronOnline transactions are not cleared through any third party mechanism . Enron evaluates the credit of its customers and determines how much credit exposure it is willing to take with respect to each of them .
For future reference , please do not send schedules like this to the entire group . I'd rather these go out one by one .
Nothing on my calendar yet . Andy Edison is setting it up and he knows to include you .
II made my pledge some time ago so am concerned to hear my name is on the list . I'll try again .
Bob -- Here is our first draft of the pop-up box language . Please circulate among the appropriate members of your group and let Barbara or me know if you have any comments . Language for the revised Password Application will follow .
I haven't sent out the language draft yet because of another concern I thought of as you were leaving: the language as drafted doesn't allow us to give the names of these signers to potential third party posters . Any thoughts ?
remove
Tana -- Please send the requested info to Jane . Thanks ! Mark
I have tickets to the Astros game on Friday ( tomorrow ) eve . Any interest ?
We're almost there on the new PA language , just a little tweaking left to do . I'm doing reviews all day today so won't be able to get it to you until Monday . I agree with your comment on the Pop - up language - probably something to the effect of "Not at this time."
Are you guys working on this already ?
I have found a couple of other people who are interested in going , but tonight is Ted's last night in town before moving to Ft . Lauderdale so if you're feeling up to it maybe we could get together for a drink after the game . Just let me know .
Looks ok to me - please make sure it gets on the calendar .
Looks good to me
remove
I'll be getting into Newark on Saturday the first on Continental flight 206 at 2:21 p.m .
EnronOnline is pleased to announce that it will soon be making available to its users products posted by various non-Enron providers , initially natural gas transportation and storage products . If your company is interested in this new EnronOnline feature , please click the "yes" box below as your company's authorization for giving potential product providers your company's name as a prospective counterparty . Not at this time YES By authorized signatory
Any entity , whether or not an Enron entity , that posts its products on the Website will be a third party beneficiary of this Password Application and the ETA to the same extent as if it were an affiliate of EnronOnline , LLC . Enron may give Counterparty's name to potential product providers as a prospective counterparty .
Do you have a copy in a format I can revise ?
Richard -- Has Credit done a review for AAA yet ? We will need their input before we can evaluate the form .
Holly - Please print these out for me . I need to mark them up and send back to Kal .
Are we sending drafts by e-mail ? I can imagine we probably are . If so , let's run a test by sending a real draft to one of us internally to open and see if there is a metadata problem .
Create Limit Order Clicking Submit in the Create Limit Order panel creates an order that will remain in the EnronOnline system until the order is either filled at your specified price or expires after a specified time limit . If , during that time , the price you entered falls between the Enron's Bid and Offer posted on EnronOnline , then EnronOnline [m1] will change [m2] its price to show a new market with a tighter spread that reflects your limit order the price at which you are willing to trade with us* . You can cancel an existing limit order at any time before it is filled by highlighting the order in the Today's Orders screen and clicking Cancel . *Multiple limit orders for the same price will be prioritized by the time of submission . Only limit orders that are between EnronOnline's Bid and Offer prices will create a new EnronOnline market on the Quotes screen . [m1]EnronOnline itself isn't trading so we need to be careful not to give that impression . [m2]This is the key ! - we are changing our price , not showing their price .
I'm going to be up near Kingston on Labor Day weekend . Just wondered if you were going to be open and if you rent sailboats by the hour , either bareboat or skippered . Mark Taylor
I have checked and "Counterparty" is a defined term in the PA .
Yes
Here is the next one
And another
As we discussed .
Here is one of the EOL - no-more-confirms amendments that the confirm desk is very anxious for us to get in place . Brent , Mary and Francisco have each don one or two already so they may have some insights into how to massage the form . The attached version has already been revised by the physical power and gas folks .
Here is the next no-more-confirms amendment . I was hoping to wait until we had comments to the first set before working on these but the confirm desk is anxious that we move them forward .
I seem to remember that you have had some experience dealing with the Texaco folks so maybe it makes sense for you to handle this one .
FYI
I feel sorry for the people coming across the Atlantic this week . One more reason to thank Amanda for switching our routing !
Credit may require additional terms for specific counterparties .
In case you need to tell people how to reach you on the boat: The ship's phone number is 323-208-910 or 920 . The fax is 323-208-924 or 911 . These numbers must be preceded by the correct "Ocean Code." From 9/4 to 9/6 the full number to dial is 011-874-323-208-910 ( using the Atlantic West code) . From 9/7 to 9/9 it will be 011-871-323-208-910 ( using the Atlantic East code) . I'm told that if you dial the wrong code you'll get a recording telling you which code to use . It is also possible to call person-to-person by calling the local operator and asking for the INMARSAT operator . You will need to give the INMARSAT operator the name of the ship , the guest's name and the closest land position . Apparently it will also be possible to send and receive e-mails but the procedure remains unclear .
Please follow up on this for me - I shouldn't have to approve things for Martha since she's not in our group .
I marked my comments on the document and left it in your office .
Please give me a call about this - I'm not sure it makes sense to say that the index varies each day .
Since this is for someone in the Governor's office , I have no objection . I think we need to be careful when regulators who might have an interest in regulating the system are asking .
See you there .
I'll be there . Large/0413/105657
Frank Sayre will be working on this matter while Cheryl is on vacation .
Would there be any interest in using the Auction functions on EOL for this product instead of a product line ? There is a lot of flexibility in setting the rules -- reserve prices or not , sale commitment or not , timing , etc . -- and you would have the added benefit of finding out where customers were willing to transact if our price was too high for them . I assume we are only showing one side of this market .
When: Friday , August 31 , 2001 11:00 AM-12:00 PM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) . Where: EB3892
Thanks Dave - this is it .
This is a swap confirm . Do you have an option ?
I spoke with Joe Collins ( see below ) this morning . They are definitely thinking about the Commodity Exchange Act implications . They don't know exactly who the customers will be or what products will be offered but have several ideas concerning how to avoid the CEA pitfalls -- maybe even including seeking no-action relief from the CFTC . I gave him your name as someone he might hear from in the future concerning the transaction .
Thanks for the note . I suggest you check with the airline or on the internet if you have access ( www.trip.com has a great flight tracker that shows more than the airlines tell you ) before you leave for the airport . Since I'll have to check luggage , you can pretty safely assume it'll be 20 - 30 min . after the plane lands before I can hope to be at the curb . Mark
I will be out of the office until September 13 . I can be reached as follows: Saturday , 9/1 through Tuesday , 9/4 in New York My cell phone ( 713)206-8080 or leave a message here at x37459 Tuesday evening , 9/4 through Sunday , 9/9 I will be at sea From 9/4 to 9/6 the full number to dial is 011-874-323-208-910 From 9/7 to 9/9 it will be 011-871-323-208-910 In either case substitute 924 for the last three digits for faxes Monday , 9/10 and Tuesday , 9/11 in London Office - check with Tracy Foy ( Mark Evans's assistant ) on 44 ( 207)783-7374 or leave a message on my voice mail here On Wednesday , 9/12 I will be traveling back to the U.S . If you have any difficulty reaching me , please contact my assistant , Holly Keiser at ( 713)345-7893 .
OK by me .
Is there a call-in number for this meeting ? ( I'll be in NYC. )
While I am out next week , you can call on the following lawyers if you need assistance: EnronOnline generally ( including "enhanced limit orders" ) - Barbara Gray ( x36832 ) Private e-marketplaces - Anne Koehler ( x33488 ) Commodity Logic and hub issues - Mark Greenberg ( x58897 ) Tana Jones ( x33399 ) may also be able to answer some questions , particularly relating to EnronOnline counterparty approvals , and is pretty good at tracking down the appropriate lawyer if you can't .
Requirements for Electronic Trading Facilities for Exempt Commodities Transactions must be principal to principal ( no brokers ) Parties must be Eligible Commercial Entities Same as Eligible Contract Participants ( $10 mil . total assets or $1 mil . net worth ) except: Must: have demonstrable ability to make or take delivery of the underlying commodity , or incur risks , in addition to price risk , related to the commodity , or be a dealer May not be a(n): investment company commodity pool employee benefit plan individual The facility must: Register with the CFTC giving: Name , address , person to receive notices Commodity categories to be traded Certifications that: Executives meet certain qualifications The facility will comply with exemption conditions The facility will notify the CFTC of any changes in information provided Identity of any clearing organizations to be used Give the CFTC access to trading protocols and electronic access to the system Provide reports to the CFTC regarding executed transactions as requested by the CFTC Maintain records of all transactions and participants for 5 years and give the CFTC access to the records Publicly disseminate price , trading volume and other trading data as required by the CFTC On special request , deliver to the CFTC such other information as it may request Transactions on such facilities are subject to the anti-fraud and anti-market manipulation jurisdiction of the CFTC
Here is the list of the counterparties they want to put these agreements in place with and the lawyers that have been assigned to them . As you can see there are a number that have yet to be assigned . Would you please pass these out equitably among yourself , Frank , Mary and Francisco -- particularly those in town next week who will have a chance to move them forward . Kim Theriot is very anxious that we make headway on these . The counterparties marked with an asterisk are the most urgent . I will forward the docs I have received from Stacy and Janet as separate e-mails . Thanks ! Mark
Better check with Stacy to make sure they are done with this one .
Barbara and I will both be out of the office next Thursday . Can you attend the Net Works staff meeting for me and fill me in on what happens ? Thanks ! Mark
I'll let you guys decide who takes first crack at this one .
Here's another which Janet hasn't seen yet .
I was looking through my e-mails for these and couldn't find them . Have you guys already started these ? I may have misplaced them . Please coordinate with Sara since I will be out next week . Thanks ! Mark
Please print these out for me and put them in the Commodity Logic file .
I hope this isn't too late . If you need to reach me , I'm in the London office today and tomorrow . I think the correct approach is to revise the functionality and add a line or two to the description of how limit orders work , an answer in the FAQ section , a line for the 'Failed Transaction' screen and a script for the help desk . I'm thinking of something to the effect of: Once a limit order has been placed by a counterparty , that counterparty will not be able to complete a transaction with Enron in that product on the other side of the market at the price specified in the limit order . For example , if a counterparty enters a limit order to sell to Enron at price x , that counterparty may not buy from Enron at price x while the limit order is active . Note that this needs to be done on a counterparty basis , not at the sub user level . That needs to be clear from the language we use so I have avoided the chattier 'you' and used counterparty . The 'Failed Transaction' screen could show the failure reason as: 'Your company has an active limit order in effect at the price at which you attempted to transact . The limit order system does not allow you to transact with Enron on both sides of the market at the same price simultaneously.' If you want to keep it short , the second sentence is optional as long as the necessary descriptive language appears somewhere on the web site .
Yes . Louise was concerned that Dynegy was already doing this to manipulate a Canadian index to which we contribute daily volumes/prices .
It would probably be a good idea to involve the power traders in this as well since it is not just an EnronOnline issue .
Thanks - I have it . Do you remember how I'm supposed to check for messages on it ?
I'm in London today and tomorrow but plan to be in the office in Houston on Thursday . Since it'll be my first day back after being out for over a week , it would probably be best to book some time to make sure you get me . But if that doesn't work , try and stop by anyway .
Well deserved ! It's been fun watching the company recognize what we in legal have known all along . ( 713)853-7459 phone ( 713)646-3490 fax
Please see the attached memo from Sullivan & Cromwell .
Thought you might find this interesting .
Just to let you know I'm in London at the office here - staying at a hotel called 47 Park \St . and OK . If you need to reach me , dial 011 and then:
Hi Kayalyn - Linda asked me to forward this - I'm at my company's office in London . Am unable to call NYC from London - all lines busy . I received your fax and it looks fine . I don't understand the last sentence of section 6.3 because of the cross reference to section 10.3 . Please check the cross reference to section 10.3 . Thanks . Linda p.s . -- if you can get through you can reach me at: Hope everyone is ok - we are watching on CNN .
I got your note and relayed it to Linda . Our prayers are with you .
I hope all of your loved ones and friends are OK . I'm obviously not able to get back to Houston today as originally planned . Continental has me booked on a flight on Sunday -- assuming they're back up to full schedule by then -- so I plan to be back in the office on Monday morning . I will continue to work from the London office and you can reach me at 011-44-207-783-6468 at the office ( but I can't get voicemail here ) or on the cell phone 011-44-7881-512-535 ( where I am able to check messages) . I will also be checking voicemail in Houston from time to time . I know it's hard to think about work issues much less concentrate , but it seems to me we need to start thinking about market disruption issues right away . The NYMEX is the obvious issue and we need to find out which counterparties have affected transactions ( such as using average of the entire month of NYMEX prices ) and then review the relevant documentation . With any luck there won't be many . We also need to be alert to other price sources that might fail to publish . I'll be in touch .
Holly said you had been trying to reach me . I've tried to call several times but still haven't been able to get through to you on the phone . I tired to send this yesterday but it may not have gotten through .
I'm in London . I had a 2 week vacation planned with Bill in Greece but he is unable to join me so I think we'll do that another time . Are you in London ? Germany ? If so do you want company ? Call me at 020 7491 7282 , suite 18 or 020 7881 500 471 or reply to this e-mail and Mark will get a message to me .
Thanks for your note . I am stranded in London and won't be able to get back until they start international flights again and I can get a seat . Looks like that means Sunday afternoon at the earliest so please light a candle for me , too on Friday night .
Thanks for that , Tim . I am stranded here in London and this morning on my way into the office had the pleasure of my cab driver noticing that I am an American and taking a minute to point out exactly what this commentator has said: that we are under appreciated the world round , that the Marshall Plan was a remarkable departure from the accepted norms concerning how conquered nations should be treated and wondering what other nation , if it had the kind of military and economic might available to us , could have resisted , as we have , using it to totally dominate its neighbors if not the world .
I'm fine . I left you a voice mail this morning on your cell phone to let you know I'm OK and stranded in London . Not a bad place to get stranded I suppose . Linda and Amanda are here , too . I'm working from the office here while they have fun on the town . Actually , they seem to be spending a lot of time at the hotel watching the news , and I can't say that I totally blame them -- it seems almost disloyal to go out and have fun . They were going to a play this afternoon and got tickets for us to see Mama Mia ( the musical based on ABBA ) for tomorrow night . I was originally scheduled to fly back yesterday ( Wednesday ) and have been rebooked on a flight Sunday afternoon . The hotel finally told me this morning that we can keep our rooms until then . I hope the flights are running by then . Kitty is being taken care of but I feel really bad having her be alone all this time . Jim Avant was stranded in Austin for a day -- they had to take a taxi back to Houston the next day -- and Jamie said they would go over that afternoon . If you need to reach me , you can try the office number 011-44-207-783-6468 , my UK cell phone number 011-44-778-351-2535 or the hotel number 011-44-207-491-7282 . It's kind of hard to get through some times since the lines to the US are often busy . Hope you are doing ok through all this . I'm just sort of numb . Mark
It looks like I'll be able to get back on Sunday . I was originally scheduled to fly back yesterday ( Wednesday ) but of course all the flights were cancelled yesterday and today . With luck they'll be back up to full schedules by Sunday when I have a reservation . I'll let you know if that changes . It's interesting to hear what your reactions were since they very closely parallel my own . I heard as I was coming back into the office after lunch on Tuesday and there was a small group standing around a computer screen watching an internet news feed . My first reaction was that it had to be some kind of elaborate internet hoax and I still have a sense of disbelief . I dread my next trip to New York when I will have to see the skyline with my own eyes . Linda and Amanda are also stranded here and they tend to spend a lot of time watching the news . After the first hour or so I just couldn't bear to watch and preferred to check in now and then for updates . But then what else was there to do except sit and be stunned . Even today it's still hard to concentrate on much of anything . I guess in a sense I'm lucky that I have work matters to keep me busy . Unfortunately , some are directly related to the tragedy . There's no doubt the world changed on Tuesday and this will always be with us in some way . All sorts of odd thoughts keep coming to mind . I have wondered several times if Dad remembers when he and I went into one of the towers ( it must have been when they were quite new ) and tried to get to the top to see the view . We were told there was no public observation area so we just took an elevator up as far as we could get and got out on a floor that was still under construction and went over to the windows to marvel at the view . Remember the view from my apartment in New York ? And I was on the QE2 the last time it will ever go past those buildings ( forgive the bad grammar but you know what I mean) . We're going to try and have as good a time as possible here . I'm working during the days and joining Linda and Amanda for dinner in the evening . Tomorrow we're going to see a West End musical . Saturday we'll probably go to a couple of museums . Hope you are keeping well . Love , Mark
Please let everyone know that they should use the following fax number for me at the office:
From what I have heard , this looks pretty good . But I wonder if paragraph 1(c ) is correct . Is this what was agreed or should this refer to any spread transaction including a NYMEX , COMEX or Platt's price and another price ( whether one of those 3 or not) ? And finally , I don't understand the penultimate paragraph at all but since you guys are closer to the discussions it may make sense to you . Can you guys confirm this with the traders and report our comments and/or agreement to ISDA ? Thanks ! Mark
While this statement makes reference to energy , it seems to me it might also apply to metals transactions . I don't know if we have affected transactions or not . If so , you may care about this . My impression is that the Houston commodities traders will be signing off on this , possibly with minor comments , as early as this morning . If you guys want to make comments ( maybe have metals excluded if our traders disagree with the approach) , please let Sara Shackleton or Barbara Gray know as soon as possible .
Sara will be responding from Enron . She is conferring with the traders this morning .
If you haven't heard back in an hour or so , you may have to print it out and go down and shove it under their noses . Tana can show you where they sit if you don't already know .
I think Sara Shackleton was the last Enron lawyer to have worked on this .
I was working in the NY office on 9/4 and here in the London office since 9/10 .
I am stranded in London - there are worse places these days - but hope to get back tomorrow ( Sunday) . Glad you are well .
After a two and a half hour delay -- mostly caused by the extra security -- we finally got off the ground yesterday and I am now back in Houston . I talked to Amanda after I checked in and she said you were on the train to the airport . Did you have any trouble ?
I'm surprised that under the circumstances American won't just do it . Linda and I both had to reschedule our flights and did it directly with the airline ( Continental for me and Virgin for Linda) . Of course , in our cases the original flights were cancelled . I don't have the Cunard reservations number here and haven't been able to access the web site this afternoon . I will get it for you when I get home . The fax number for the guest relations department is ( 305)463-3030 . In a sense I felt safer in London than here . Once we got off the QE2 we weren't doing anything that would have made us attractive targets and I don't anticipate attacks against individual Americans overseas -- at least not outside of Muslim countries . While there was an increase in police presence around town , we didn't hear of any actual threats to Americans while we were in London . Airport security has been better there than here for a long time and now has been beefed up even further . The Europeans just have more recent experience at dealing with terrorists than we do . The sword rattling doesn't bother me too much . I've been overseas during some tense international times before and as long as you're in a friendly country it shouldn't be an issue . On the other hand , it REALLY feels good to be home and I can sure understand your wanting to have her with you . From her point of view , I think that while the Brits were all being very sympathetic and supportive , the tragedy just isn't as immediate there and so the impact on Amanda has been somewhat less than if we had been home . Given that , I think she doesn't want to waste this opportunity to do something fun in Europe while she has the chance and is already over there . For me I have to say it was hard to have any fun after Tuesday noon , although I tried to put a good face on it . I don't know when that will improve since I'm still pretty depressed . It's probably even worse for you since you were so much closer to things than I am . The lawyer in me sees two sides: ( a ) a trip to Paris is just the thing to take your mind off of events and ( b ) why waste a week of vacation and travel hassles when you aren't going to have a good time no matter where you go . Feel free to give me a call if you want to chat . Good luck ! Mark
Sounds like a plan to me . Make sure they've given her an actual seat assignment or she may show up at the airport and get bumped . You might try these: In Sedona: Enchantment Resort ( I recommend hiking! , jeep tours , spa ) In Scottsdale/Phoenix: Four Seasons Resort Scottsdale at Troon North ( haven't been but it gets good reviews ) The Phoenician ( huge rooms , great spa , mother-of-pearl lined swimming pool ) The Boulders ( also highly rated ) At the Canyon El Tovar Hotel ( reportedly the nicest hotel in the park , not necessarily up to Hayman standards but might work for a night ) In Tucson ( pretty far from the Grand Canyon): The Lodge at Ventanna Canyon
Looks good to me . One remaining concern is that section ( d ) may not provide much protection . According to the power trading lawyers who have worked with the FERC in the past , they never provide protection for what we would consider confidential commercial information even when they have the authority to do so . If we want that kind of protection , it should be mandated , not made possible by regulatory action . I'm not necessarily recommending a change , I just don't want anyone to be taking any comfort from section ( d) .
If you have not already done so this week , please remember to update your work reports for me this afternoon .
I'll be on the call .
Thanks for making my morning . I'm still grinning at the image of your bags going back and forth across the Atlantic . I saw the emergency command center on TV the other night and it looked just like that huge room where we stood in line and checked in for the ship . I think that's why they can't dock in ny . Has Amanda made it back yet ?
What about Noble ? Has he moved into his new place in midtown yet ?
Example 1 Party A calculates that it is in the money $100 ( which results in a "Loss" to Party A from the termination ) Party B calculates that it is out of the money $98 ( which results in a "Gain" to Party B from the termination ) There are no Unpaid Amounts The Payment Amount is 50 percent of ( $100 + $98 ) = $99 Since the Payment Amount is positive Party B ( the Party with the net Gain ) pays $99 to Party A ( the party with the net Loss ) Example 2 Same as example 1 except Party A owes $150 in Unpaid Amounts to Party B and Party B owes Party A $12 in Unpaid Amounts The Payment Amount is ( a ) 50 percent of ( $100 + $98 ) plus ( b ) $12 minus ( c ) $150 = negative $39 Since the Payment Amount is negative Party A ( the party with the net Loss ) pays $39 to Party B ( the party with the net Gain ) Let me know if you need any further explanation .
I hope you can all join us for happy hour tomorrow from 6:00 at Christopher's Wine Bar . Christopher's is located at 2516 Times Blvd . in Rice Village .
While I think the law actually works that way , we have avoided putting it in writing so far . The way the web site works , the decision to accept or reject the offer happens almost instantaneously so the question is almost meaningless . The time we care is when the internet slows down or the connection goes down and they don't see that we accepted their offer and then they try to get out . I guess the other question would be how do they withdraw the offer ? The website doesn't provide a mechanism for that . If we say it has to be in writing and delivered to the relevant trader , in practice it might not be an issue .
Go for it .
Hopefully just a nuisance .
Looks OK to me .
The first one looks ok to me as long as someone has checked the accuracy of the reference to Gas Daily . I have trouble with the second one . This really looks like a basis swap so I think we need to start with basis swap language . Can you call me on this one ?
Sounds good to me .
Do you have time to look at this ?
Commodity Derivatives Mark Taylor , Assistant General Counsel Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . I . Documentation Issues A . Cross-defaults "Specified Transactions" Keep physical and financial trading separate or tie together ? B . Calculation of termination amounts Market Quotation or Loss ? C . Adequate Assurance provisions D . Credit considerations Recent price volatility - dramatic swings in exposure E . Documents to be delivered Resolutions may tell you more than you need to know Authorized trader lists are a two edged sword F . Dispute resolution mechanisms Waiver of jury trial , arbitration ? G . Confidentiality H . Market Disruption Events De Minimis Trading ? Tax disruption ? Trading limitation - definition I . Market Disruption Fallbacks Get Commercial Input ! Postponement Fallback Reference Price Negotiated Fallback ( specify period to negotiate ) Dealer quotations No-fault termination ? II . Counterparty Issues A . Issues 1 . Authority of signer 2 . Power of Counterparty 3 . Bankruptcy B . Counterparty Types 1 . Governmental and Quasi-Governmental Entities a ) Municipalities b ) Municipally owned utilities c ) Crown corporations ( Canada ) 2 . Regulated Entities a ) Utilities C . Solutions 1 . Documentation Additional representations and warranties "Incipient Illegality" Automatic early termination ? 2 . Due diligence 3 . Legal opinions , advice of local counsel 4 . Resolutions , officers' certificates III . International Trading A . Choosing Local Counsel B . Local Law Issues 1 . Capacity & authority 2 . Credit support matters 3 . Exchange controls 4 . Licenses 5 . Choice of law , enforcement of judgements & arbitral awards 6 . Sovereign immunity 7 . Gaming statutes 8 . Marketing restrictions 9 . Tax matters a ) Withholding c ) Stamp d ) Turnover 10 . Insolvency - netting 11 . Oral contracts 12 . Setoff 13 . Usury
Thanks for your note . Just so you have the whole picture -- our analysis from a US law perspective is that there is a tension between wanting the transactions on the system to be enforceable and wanting out of the mistake trades . The offline unwind is by far the best approach when the mistake is not blatant since it assumes the binding nature of the original trade . We have been handling these by using a written termination rather than a reverse trade . This is universally the approach we have taken when our traders have agreed to let a customer out of a trade the customer claims was done by mistake on their part . This happens often enough that we have given the confirm desk a termination agreement form to use as needed ( Tana can get you a copy if you want it) . But when the counterparty refuses to let us out of a trade that is a mistake on our part , our only hope is that the mistake is so blatant that we can claim mutual mistake . Under US law when there is mutual mistake the contract is actually never formed . In that case , the original trade is not enforceable and there is nothing to unwind . One alternative we have used is to simply remove the transaction from the customer's "completed transactions" section as if it had never happened . As far as I know , we have only had to do this once or twice .
Is P&G approved to trade derivatives online ?
I can't be on this call - do you have time ?
FYI
No luck here .
If you want to plug me in to your call with Fred to describe the enhanced limit order system , just let me know .
Are the provisions we care about in Title 9 ?
Sounds like you have this under control . I agree with your approach .
Please coordinate with Sharon .
FYI
I understand that you will have an Amel at the Ft . Lauderdale boat show next month . Do I need an appointment to see the boat ?
Nobody won on Wednesday so the jackpot is up to $33 million . I'll get us some tickets for tomorrow's drawing .
I just saw the reference to the Gala in the Oct . DW mini calendar . Congrats ! I'm already looking forward to it . PS If you're around this weekend , it looks like great sailing weather !
Thanks Sami . It might be a good idea to try and get the ISDA team to spend a little time on non-financial commodities . It's not clear from this summary that they intend to raise energy commodity derivatives as an issue or attempt to achieve parity of legal treatment with bank products . Just so you know , we have run into this kind of blind spot from local participants ( who are mostly banks and investment firms ) before but the New York ISDA staff is usually willing to help us out .
Joel: Thanks for your note back . Unfortunately I don't get into town until quite late on Friday evening so Saturday and Sunday are the only days I can make it . Do you know yet where you'll be located ? Mark
Congratulations to everyone on making it through Q3 more or less intact and a big thank-you to those who pulled us through with all your hard work . Given the continued increase in the number and variety of transactions coming to us from the Global Finance and VPP teams , we are going to have to revise our staffing procedures and ask each of the lawyers in the group to take on some of this burden . If any of you receive a request to handle one of these deals , please refer the requester to me or at least let me know so that we can equitably distribute the load . Mary and Anne will be scheduling training sessions for the entire group during which they will go over some of the most common structures and the issues that they have faced recently to help us on our way . As with all of our work , I expect that we will each be available to the others in the group to bounce ideas around and help with thorny issues .
David , Thanks for your note . Glad to hear you and yours are well . We docked in Southampton on Monday morning so I was already in our London office on Tuesday and just back from lunch when the news started coming through . I was traveling with a couple of friends from NYC ( Amanda McGovern , Noble Black's UVA classmate , and Linda Hayman , her mom and a friend of mine from my Skadden days ) so it was rather tense for a while as we tried to find their friends but everyone came through pretty well . Our return had been scheduled for Wednesday of that week so of course we were stranded in London but made it back Sunday . Not that we were having much fun , but there were worse places to be stranded . I felt bad for the QE2 passengers on their way from Southampton to NYC . They would have gotten the news on their first day at sea and had to spend what should have been a pleasant cruise thinking about events and worrying . I've heard good things from both Anne and Brad about your meeting here in Houston . Thanks for getting into that . It sounds like exactly what we needed . I have been talking to Barbara and she will check with Frank concerning the letter . I'll look forward to chatting sometime soon so I can hear what's been happening with you and how you are coping . Hope it is all going as smoothly as possible . Linda tells me that New York is a changed place -- nearly empty evenings and weekends . Mark
OK by me .
Do you have time to work on this ?
Thanks Suzanne . I'll take care of it and give RBS a call tomorrow . Mark
WELCOME !
Thanks Vela . My office address is fine . Just so you know ahead of time what some of my questions will be: 1 . I'm a little concerned about the safety of in-mast furling systems generally . What happens if it jams in a blow ? 2 . Are the heads both electric ? Will they operate manually if you lose power ? 3 . The boat seems remarkably well equipped . What sorts of additional items are usual to purchase before she's ready to cruise ? 4 . How do U.S . owners deal with the voltage issues and electrical repairs and replacements ? 5 . Finally , and I suppose of least importance , I'm not thrilled with the teak-look deck or the blue cabin sole . Any hope of a manufacturing change ? Thanks again and I'm looking forward to seeing you in Ft . Lauderdale ! Mark
Thanks for taking this one .
Sara: How much protection do the agreements give us ? I have always assumed that they were primarily for the benefit of the brokers . Of course , in the U.S . they are probably required by the SEC and in a country where they are not required you have to wonder how well the brokers are being policed by regulators . I guess it makes sense to at least contact local counsel to find out what protections there are for the customer and whether or not it would be reasonable to ask for something in writing . I don't think we need written opinions of counsel . It might also make sense to explain to the business folks that we think there is incrementally greater legal risk in using those arrangements and that while they may be permitted to use them they should keep activities to a minimum where there is a more secure alternative . Sorry for rambling . Mark
FYI Looks like we may get free passes to the boat show !
Ms . Jane D . Doe XYZ Company 123 ABC Street Dear ____________ , Your company's physical natural gas transactions with Enron are governed via by the General Terms and Conditions Agreement ( GTC ) for each product to which your company agreed by accepting the GTC's on via EnronOnline . Theseis agreements areis being revised effective MM/DD/YY . To ensure that the traders in your company can continue to transact the affectedphysical natural gas products via EnronOnline , we ask that you review and sign the enclosed revised agreement(s) . To assisthelp you in identifying the revisions , we have also enclosed a copy of your current agreement with marked to show the revisionsed sections areas highlighted . A brief summary of the more significant revisions you'll will need to approve is as follows: ?  Amendments due to the recent sale of Houston Pipe Line Company ( HPL ) by Enron.; ?  Deleting the intrastate warranties section due to the sale of HPL.; ?  Updating the publisher of Gas Daily to Platts; and ?  Updating the Securities Representations section to reflect final orders.; Please return the signed agreement(s ) in the envelope provided by MM/DD/YY to ensure uninterrupted transactions for natural gas products on EnronOnline . without interruption . If you have any questions , please contact John Doe at ( 713 ) 853-xxxx . Thank you . for your assistance . Sincerely , Lisa Lees Manager EnronOnline Operations
Sara: I also received a message form an AA person asking for rate/FX templates . I know we are supposed to come up with a set of approved templates but we don't yet have a process in place . I thought we had until next year sometime . My guess is that the most current source is the work you did a couple of years ago on confirms . Scary , hunh ? Mark
FYI
I hope it was ok to respond to this - because I did .
I'm afraid I have a conflict that day .
Sure .
I spoke with Jamie this morning and explained our concerns ( which master to use , given the merger is there a legal need for novation , since these are NY law documents would assignment be more appropriate , what collateral is involved to be transferred ) and have since received a message from their lawyer in New York . If they insist on a novation ( which is not a commonly used concept in US law) , you could certainly help by letting us know if there is anything to which you would object in their draft . I'll let you know if it gets to that . Otherwise I think we're under control . Mark
Please arrange this for me .
I have taken a quick look at the schedules attached and unfortunately they are not standard ISDA schedules and are not in a form to which we can agree . We can provide ISDA documentation to you tomorrow which would be satisfactory from a legal perspective but it will not be exactly the form attached to their e-mail . We will also need Credit's approval and they rarely approve ISDA masters without any credit provisions . There is an existing ISDA between ENA and an entity called Entergy-Koch Trading , LP which we would be able to use from our side but I don't know if that would work for them . ( It's existence might speed the negotiation process for an ISDA since we could pretty much duplicate its terms [except for credit and the additional provisions we require for regulated utilities] for Entergy. )
Since they are already trading physical stuff online , they are probably already approved to trade financials as well and the master will just mean they don't have to accept the GTC's to trade the derivatives . Tana can check quickly and see what they are approved for .
Can you help Bryant with this ? Mary and Sara are both out tomorrow , Brent is supposed to get the form for the Commodity Logic matters finished and Francisco can't really take anything new until Monday . I don't think Anne and Barbara have enough ISDA experience to look at somebody else's paper quickly . If you are swamped , maybe you can get this started ( I doubt if they even have credit approval yet ) and somebody else can take it over next week .
This wasn't on my calendar - were you aware ?
This one has sound so be careful.... .
I have forwarded these on to Chris Long ( who will get back to me on Monday ) and left a message for Ken to let him know I will send it on to him as soon as Chris signs off .
Any idea where this stands ?
I have received my WorldCom calling card .
I believe credit is trying to decide what to do considering the recent changes in the airlines' positions .
Both of you are listed in Lotus Notes on this one . Not sure who has had most recent contact . I someone working on a no-confirms agreement for Chase already ?
Any comments to the letter ?
It appears this was handled by the Calgary office . Greg Johnston will give you a call .
That's what I'm hoping , but if not Barbara said she would work on it .
FYI
I'm not sure which version this is but you'll no doubt be revising anyway .
Anne Koehler is probably the best person to talk to . She has indicated she will have some time in the morning .
We've actually completed this as far as I know -- negotiated the agreement and signed it last week .
How can I tell if someone outside Enron is still using an old address ?
Thanks Mark . I'm not sure who Kim Humbarger is but the topic is at least familiar . I'll get in touch with her .
That's a relief . Thanks !
Please remember to get your work report updates to me by the end of the day .
yes
Do I have the receipts for these ?
I have a friend who is an allergist but I'm not sure he's any good . If nobody else comes up with a suggestion I will be happy to give you his name .
OK by me .
To the extent you need my authorization or approval regarding the trading database , you've got it . If you have any questions , Tana can probably help .
I have spoken with Ron Carletta at the CFTC and explained our position - that is that as far as we know the LJM entities have only engaged in exempt transactions and are not required to register as CPO's . He has my name and number if he has any further questions .
Marie - can you please check on this and let Richard know where we stand . Thanks !
My flight doesn't get in until 10:30 or so on Friday night . Not sure what we can still do for food at that hour . Do people eat late in Ft . Lauderdale ? In case you're still looking for food ideas , I found these that looked interesting: Bistro Mezzaluna Armadillo Cafe ( Davie ) Left Bank Hobo's Fish Joint ( Coral Springs ) Darrel & Olivers Cafe Maxx ( Pompano Beach ) Not sure but I think the first two may be reasonably close to the airport , the next one in Fort Lauderdale but have no idea where the last two are . All get good marks in Zagats . Look them up at zagats.com and see what you think .
I definitely think Mark's is a best bet if we can get in on Saturday . Lunch will probably depend on where we are - is there some place on the water near the boat show that takes lunch reservations ? Maybe we can go to the boat show early and finish up in time for lunch . Unless you'd rather do something else on Sat . and go to the boat show Sunday -- any good Sunday brunch places ?
Has our draft letter gone to the CFTC ? I assume it already has , but unfortunately it turns out Vicki's comments were not in the version of the letter that I forwarded to you . I have taken a look at them and am not sure they are critical but thought I'd better get them to you in case we send a revised letter down the road .
I was going through some old e-mails and found this one - is this something you have already handled ?
Hi George . I'm sorry I didn't get back to you sooner . I was just going through some old e-mails and found this one that had somehow slipped through without being read . I'm living in Houston these days . I was actually in London on 9/11 . My flight back ( scheduled for Wednesday that week ) was cancelled and I finally made it back on that Sunday . I'm sure there were much worse places to be stranded but it wasn't a lot of fun being away from home then . I was traveling with a couple of good friends from NYC and it was pretty tense trying to track down their friends in Manhattan . Mark K . is in NYC . I have heard from him and he and his family are fine . I think his company is now called American Century and he is still managing international mutual funds . I was in Monmouth last weekend for homecoming . Dahlquist , McGehee , McCabe , Perschke , Vance and Ehrenhart were there . Ehrenhart actually has a son who is a freshman at Monmouth and has joined ZBT . Hope you guys are doing well . Mark
Here is the revised performance evaluation for Cheryl .
I agree with Susan that for non-EOL trades concluded by our traders in NYC and Houston that the ENA ISDA should be used . Ms . Zivic had called me yesterday asking similar questions and that is the answer I gave her ( subject to approval by the tax people) .
I am surprised that the tax people would be ok with the suggested EOL fix . My understanding was that if the assignment to ENA from ECTRIC happens automatically , that is equivalent -- for tax purposes -- to the UK trader binding ENA and results in bad tax consequences .
Since I have to attend the Enron Net Works staff meetings Thursdays at noon , might it be possible to pick a different day ?
Are you still taking care of the Portland guys ? Do you have time to look at this ?
As long as this remains an internal only document , I do not have any problems with it .
Let's get together with Sara and Mary to discuss how we should move forward with the forms .
I don't see why not .
Please see me before responding to Alan . Thanks , Mark
Our derivatives trading documentation does not generally contain a change of ownership default or termination trigger . Such provisions are included in all of our master agreements between Enron affiliates and may have been negotiated into a relatively small number of third-party agreements . A merger by ENA or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of ENA might be a trigger but the analysis is more complex .
Here is the revised review ( password - oberon) . I have meetings scheduled for the afternoon and am not sure I will be able to get out of them at any particular time . Does it make sense to give her the review without me being there and meet later or not ?
Are we getting this ?
Can you take a look at this for the London office ?
I may not be able to get there today - can we do the credit card by phone ? Since I bid on several items - can you tell me how much you need ?
Is it possible to restrict delete ability ? We need to have a lot of people with write access but they don't all need to be able to delete entire records .
Yes , thanks !
Can you please give me a call to discuss travel plans ? I need to make some reservations today if at all possible .
Please switch to Wednesday , Nov . 7
Thanks for the list . Francisco Pinto Leite will look at these and get back to you .
Anne's been working too hard . She meant Financial masters .
Any thoughts on how we provide legal support for Swapco ? Should that be covered by the Services Agreement ? Can lawyers who work for ENA represent Swapco without a conflict ?
Contact Stephen Douglas re: Bill Bradford deal . Otherwise none .
Thanks .
If Man is not holding margin in violation of the Customer Agreement , it doesn't seem to me like we should send the letter .
I ma leaving for the evening but was hoping we might get together for a bit tomorrow some time to go over where things stand on Swapco and what needs to be done . Can you leave a voice mail for me on 713-853-7459 letting me know what your schedule is like for tomorrow and when would work best for you ?
Risk Management & Trading Corp. , a Delaware corporation
I will not be able to attend .
Can Swapco buy an existing bank account from ENE , pay $5000 and sign a bank account sale document in the process ?
Add Christian Yoder and Carol St Clair to list .
Under normal circumstances we would not need an Enron Corp . resolution and in fact the Corporate Secretary and Treasury offices can handle moving the money around so we do not propose to do an Enron Corp . Board action unless you folks think it is absolutely necessary . The other resolutions we can get in place easily . I think Notre Dame agreement contains restrictions on what we can do with capital stock of subsidiaries after it is signed -- does that mean we need to issue the Golden Share today ?
Under normal circumstances the Enron Treasury group would invest cash on deposit in something like overnight commercial paper obligations or something like that . Can we let them do that with ERMT's money ? Would we need a written authorization to ENE to do that ( we don't usually do that for other subsidiaries) ?
I'm not sure . There was a comment by Sally Beck at the last meeting that she was trying to figure out which of her direct reports should be attending so maybe it has something to do with that . I don't really know what changed though .
We have a few items to add in the Services Agmt . as services to be provided: Risk assessment and control services including , without limitation , credit , underwriting and market risk analysis . Risk management services including , without limitation , position and limit reporting and price curve validation . Transaction confirmation , settlement , scheduling , dispatch and volume management . Human resources support including , without limitation , payroll , compensation and benefits . Public relations , legal , corporate records , and regulatory and government affairs . Travel and aviation . At the end of the current section 2.1(vi ) please add "including , but not limited to , SAP." Finally , we need to include Enron Corp . and Enron Net Works as parties providing services ( e.g . Enron Corp . is where risk assessment is , Net Works has all of the IT) .
Louise just wants global natural gas and power . I think we should throw in "related products" just to be safe .
Can you take a quick look at this ?
FYI
One more thing we need to consider is office space . Can I just add that in as a "service" ?
Thanks Stuart , I'll add it in . Two other questions -- should the performance of the services be delayed until requested at a later date ( there isn't much need for it today ) and what do we do about the fees ?
Thanks - can you guys draft up the Schedule I on a cost-plus basis ?
We have reservations at Damian's at 7:30 . 3011 Smith Street Directions fromt he Hobby area: Take I-45 N toward downtown Exit number 45 SCOTT ST/ DOWNTOWN Keep LEFT on the ramp then go straight to go onto ST . JOSEPH PKWY . Turn LEFT onto SMITH ST . 10 or 11 blocks to just before the corner of Anita/Smith restuarant is on your left . ( 713)206-8080 ( cell )
You can confirm that it is not regulated and send a copy of cert . of incorp . which Deb Korkmas should have if Tana doesn't
Louise and John have asked for execution copies of all the Swapco documents . All I need for the Services Agreement is the Fee Schedule . Any progress on the License ?
sure
I think he's asking the wrong question . Can you help him out ?
Would one of you please give me a call in my office . I can't get through on Stuart's cell .
These documents need to have the correct directors names added so they can be signed first thing in the morning .
These are the good ones .
Just wanted to let you know that it doesn't look like I'll be able to make it to NY this weekend as previously planned . I'll let you know if that changes . Mark
Thanks David -- I appreciate that . I'm thinking when this all calms down , I'll just take a couple of days off and come up to the city for fun -- not wait for a business trip . I'll give you a ring if anything really interesting comes up .
Yes , we might as well get one .
John Lavorato , Mark Haedicke and Mike McConnell
That's what he goes by .
Thanks for the offer . At this moment , looks like I'm not going to make it at all , much less tonight . I'll let you know if that changes , I'm proceeding minute to minute here .
Thanks for your message . Is there a number where I can call you ?
Thanks for your note . We're hanging in there .
I can get the NETCO document signed but don't know anything about CGNN . Who should I give that to ?
I honestly have never heard of either of those companies so don't know how to get them signed . I expect these are part of other efforts where I am not on the "need to know" list . If you know another Enron lawyer involved in those efforts I suggest you try them .
Net Works is not a marketing affiliate . We can make changes if they want us to .
Thanks for the note -- not to worry about the music . I didn't have the necessary plug-in to play it and it wouldn't have been too loud anyway . Thanks for the thought . It's been pretty rough but the merger announcement should calm things a bunch . Mark
TEST
Congrats on having your letter published . I've always wondered -- do they edit the letters much ?
Thanks for your note . I've been thinking about you guys a lot , too . I haven't been back to NYC since I left on the QE2 on 9/4 . Every time I heard about the conditions downtown I assumed you would be living in the country . Sorry to hear you had to spend so much time in a hotel . I know what that can be like and it loses any appeal it ever had very quickly . Also sorry to hear about Mrs . B . I hope she is doing better . It has been chaotic and very depressing here -- not that our acquisition deal went through but that we ever got in the position to need the deal to go through in the first place . In fact , when they finally announced it , my primary feeling was one of relief . Things had gotten very bad . Next time we get together I can fill you in on all the details . At least for now I am still employed and my prospects are pretty good under the circumstances . It's nice you have Key West to get away to . You'll have to tell me about the house that you have available but under the circumstances I doubt that I could get away often enough to justify taking on a lease . It would be nice to get away from here now and then though . I was supposed to go to Ft . Lauderdale ( did you know Ted was living there now? ) a few weeks ago to visit and go to the big boat show there . That trip had to be cancelled in all the confusion around here . I had hoped to be in New York today for a seminar ( where I was actually scheduled to speak ) but cancelled that also . With luck things will start to get back to normal here soon . I'm really feeling the need for a break ( and 4 days in Cincinnati next week don't count ) so maybe I can come visit some time in the next couple of months . Tell Don I said Hi . Mark
I haven't had any complaints from the post office . In fact , we used to have a mailbox outside the gate . It was a heavy metal box that required a key to open on a post set in cement . It was stolen ( box , post , cement and all! ) about three years ago and the mail carrier said that a gate key ( their key does not fit any of the doors , mine or yours ) was the best answer . When I gave him the key , he put it on a huge chain with lots of keys that he uses on his route . Has there been a problem ? On the electrician , I am going to have some work done at some point soon but am waiting for the design people to finish and suggest a good electrician -- so nothing has happened yet . I'll keep you posted . Mark
Sorry about that . I have been a bit preoccupied . I put them in the car so I would remember to take care of it and took them with me this weekend so I could stop at the post office . It turns out the neighborhood office is closed on Saturdays and of course they were all closed on Monday . You should have them tomorrow .
Here are the documents we discussed .
I think you guys should still go since the biggest chunk is already paid for - just be very careful to try and minimize expenses .
A couple of other ideas of things we might ask for ( in addition to pulling this without comment from anywhere it is posted and committing to decline any representation against us in these matters): 1 . How many ( who? ) have responded to this ? Shouldn't we have the opportunity to clear the conflict ? 2 . Commit to not give advice on any similar matter without inquiring as to the party on the other side ( i.e . no "no-names" advice on these issues) .
Does your analysis change if the license is expanded to include both source and object code licenses with the right to the licensee grant sublicenses ?
let's cancel
No gifts , thank you -- just a social hour .
In my view an assignment is the common legal method for accomplishing a sale and purchase of a derivative transaction . If they want to use sale terminology that is fine but the assignment language should also be there .
If you need to reach me this weekend , I will be at my parent's home in Cincinnati: ( 513)541-8649 .
Hey Mike -- here are my details: Mark E . Taylor '78 1322 Rutland St . ( 713)863-7190 ( home ) Let me know how I can help .
I thought of another item to add to the list: Cruising World 2002 wall calendar -- available on Amazon.com for 11.95
Yet another idea: A flashlight that has a magnet on the side ( or some kind of clamp ) to keep in the trunk of the car . This one might be good for Tim , too .
Thanks for the idea -- I may need it sooner than I expected . It's nice to know there are jobs out there but I think I can hold out until I find one somewhere better than Boise -- if you thought nobody wanted to visit Houston|
There have been some ongoing disputes with AEP I think we should look into before cooperating fully . I'll check with Elizabeth Sager and get back to you .
I called the Moorings about a Miami charter over New Year's and they said they are shutting down the entire location as of 11/30 ! When I asked about any other locations that might still have boats left , she said they have a one week minimum for all charters at that time . Sorry .
I think there is a real possibility here . It would be extremely challenging commercially . How do we convince customers to participate ? Two distinct areas: ( i ) Existing portfolio of business and ( ii ) New business . New business is easier in one sense since everything is at the money , who would say no to a AAA credit ? Still requires significant amendment to existing trading documentation and where existing trades are present , separating them out as not netting with new trades . Existing business is easy for counterparties who are already in the money -- they will want the improved credit . But how do we convince the out of the money side of the equation to participate ? This seem to me to be the biggest hurdle . Issues: Requires consent of customers and significant amendment of existing contracts . Adequate incentive for customers currently out of the money to participate ? Might make more sense where no current positions exist . Contract hurdles: Need to allow for termination by defaulting party so Enron ( VMAC ) will be able to control termination on default . Need the consent of counterparty to assign contract to VMAC . May require changing permitted credit support from counterparties ( letters of credit probably don't work) . If we are attempting to put an existing book of business into the structure , an initial chunk of money will have to be given to VMAC to secure the existing out of the money side of the portfolio - how much is it and do we have that money ? It's not clear how the proposal allows for credit lines to and from counterparties . That is , if we have given an aggregate $200 million credit line to out of the money counterparties and have only been given an aggregate $100 million credit line to in the money counterparties , will VMAC be satisfied with the mismatch . Will we continue to control the amount of credit we give to customers ? If we go to 100% collateral requirements for all participating transactions , this is solved since there can't be a mismatch . ( Will customers agree to 100% collateral requirements - i.e . no credit lines? ) Once the supported/participating portfolio is out of the money , Enron will have to post collateral to VMAC . If we fail , VMAC can default all participating/supported contracts . When all of the contracts are terminated with Enron as the defaulting party , the payments to and from counterparties are calculated on their side of the market . Presumably VMAC will require some cushion to cover this .
Here is the Electronic Trading Agreement we discussed .
Sally still ahs not received the list . Do you have it in a form you can e-mail to her ?
Just to let you guys know.. . I'm working like an animal here but at least I'm still employed . Every now and then I kinda wish I'd been one of those laid off last week instead of the one who had to tell people they were no longer employed but I don't have enough to retire on any more so I guess I still need the job ! Hope you guys are doing well . Any plans for New Years ?
Sorry Joe , I haven't seen this one . Have you tried Elizabeth ?
Hi ! You are correct as usual - the premium is +$.0125 for the time period May - July 2000 . Thanks for checking !
Please contact Kimberly Brown for all the details - she planned the party and took care of the final charge to my account .
How are you ? Hope everything is going well . Not much going on here - I think I'll go see the new movie with Richard Gere on Friday - wish you were here so we could go and sob together . Drop me a line if you get a chance . Say HELLO to the kids ! Love you !
Hi ! I'm so glad everything is going well with the kids - what is Jay going to study ? I am worried about Dani driving too - just don't tell me - there's no need for both of us to worry ( just kidding) . When do they start back to school ? Some kids in Houston started this week already . I so enjoy the summer when the traffic is lighter . I have started getting to work earlier between 7:00 - 7:15 so that helps some . Dick told me his brothers Charles & Russell and families are planning to come to Houston for Christmas - I started sweating immediately . What will we do with all these teenagers & Love you & take care of yourself !
Please set me up for Thursday at 2:00 . THANK YOU !
I was told you may be the person to help me . I am a trader on the East gas desk working for Scott Neal . When I was originally set up to operate on EOL I was set up with many more products than I needed . I am having problems with my system being very slow and the suggestion was made to delete everything from All Products in stack manager but US Gas . Are you the person who can help me accomplish this ? All other attempts to speed up the editing process have been unsuccessful . Even if this does not help improve the time it takes to change a price I would still like to delete these product options because it takes me to long to find my products each day . Thank You !
I do not show I did any deals outside of EOL with Koch at the Sabine Hub during this time frame . Sitara deal #369260 refers to EOL deal ID 369298 .
Hi I guess this is a case of be careful of what you ask for ! Since you helped me last week delete all products except physical gas from the All Products section of stack manager ,  I can no longer select a financial swap product as a link to my physical products . For example , I would like to link my HEHUB physical rest of month product to the gas daily HEHUB swap product . Can you help me once again or refer me to someone who can ? Sorry , I did not realize these options were connected . Thanks in advance for your help !
Thanks so much - your the best !
Hi ! How is your day going ? Yesterday was better for me ! The vote for who did better in the debate last night seems to be Gore . Love You !
Hi ! How are you ? I wanted to call you this week-end but I had such a bad one that I never had time . First , I made a mistake at work that caused several people to have to work extra time on Saturday so I was on the phone with them all day (  I felt bad) . Sunday we went to brunch at Pappasitos and I left my retainer wrapped in a napkin on the table - so it cost me $800.00 to replace - I was so mad at myself ( you know how cheap I am) . I was off Monday & Tuesday and had four doctors appointments so that was fun . I finally got my bookcases cleaned ( there were spider webs all over them ) and my Halloween decorations that Mom made me up . My house looks really nice ( to nice for us actually) . We finally got our chandelier for the dining room - it is so beautiful . I made reservations for Thankgiving and was sad when Don told me this week-end that they are not planning on coming home because Lynn has to work . I hope we can stay with you as I understand Carla & Russ are not doing well . Maybe we can eat at the Rose - just you & me . Well better go . Love you and take care of yourself .
Hi ! How was your lunch with Dan ? I hope you had fun ! Thanks for going with me to the YMCA - I can't wait untill we get into the routine we talked about . When do you want to start ? Next Monday ? Love You Much!! !
Can you tell me anything more about the deal - date & price ? Hopefully I can help with additional information . Is this a one day deal ?
Ignore my comment about being a one day deal ! Sorry !
Hi ! I know your probably mad at me but I took vacation on Friday and could not get my husband interested in coming downtown (  I know your thinking yeah right) ! Scott said it was fun ! Just because I didn't make your party does not mean you are out of sight - out of mind ! I wish you much happiness and a very bright future . Take care and come to see us often ( we are still waiting) . Andy
Maybe this will help cheer you up - I know how much you love cats !
Hopefully this will cheer you (  just a little) !
Hi ! Sandra Brawner trades the Gas Daily Finantial products for the Gulf Coast . She will be on vacation tomorrow and has asked me to run these products for her . I need to be able to manage these products . I can already manage the Henry Hub ( Griff Gray set this up for me) . Please call if you have any questions . Thanks for your help !
Thought you might like to see this !
I think the kids would like this !
This will make your day !
Hi ! It's great to hear from you ! I am so happy you are back at Enron . I would love to go to dinner with you and Cindy and catch up . It's hard for me to go to lunch these days due to EOL . They bring lunch in everyday and we generally stay in to run our products . Just let me know when & where you two can meet . Maybe we can do it soon and celebrate the upcoming holiday season ! Take care ! Andy
Thanks for the invite but we already have plans for the game . Hope you have a good time and Nebraska wins !
Hi ! I gave his resume to Scott Neal . He is going to look at it and pass it on to the appropriate people . It looks like his backround includes more origination experience than trading . Take care !
Hi ! Juniper is an Enron owned company that seeks and finds new wellhead production and sells it to ENA ( in most cases) . The Koch Midstream gas Joe nominates is on a lateral that can only be delivered into Tennessee Pipeline which is a East Desk Pipeline - I believe the Texas desk asked that we be respnsible for this volume . I hope this helps ! Sorry it took so long to get back to you !
Hi ! Are we still on for dinner ?
Hi ! These sales to Torch are valid . Accounting is going to correct . If you do not see this happen soon - please let me know . Thank You !
To all , If you would like to contribute towards a gift for Scott Neal and/or Kimberly Brown , please drop your contribution by my desk . Would like to collect $20 for each but any amount would be appreciated . I will take a check and would like to receive by Tuesday ! Thanks in advance !
Hi ! You must have ESP ! Last night I told Dick I needed to call and see how you were and what you were doing for Christmas . We have to work on the 26th ( even though it's an ENE holiday ) so we would have to come back on Christmas day if we went home . We decided to stay in Houston . I'm so glad you are going home but to tell the truth I feel like you do about traveling during the holidays . Nothing new with us - just about finished decorating the house but sometimes I think I'll never get done . I have not bought a thing for Dick yet - still do not know what to get him ! I guess I'll be one of those crazies out shopping on Christmas Eve . We went home for Thanksgiving and I caught a cold that I'm just now getting over . Will you be coming to Houston in the near future ? If you do you are more than welcome to stay with us while your here - we would love to have you ! Better go but let's meet like this more often ! Take care and have a very Merry Christmas !
Thanks Victor !
Sorry , I changed the deal ticket to $10.50 . Thank You !
Hi ! The sitara deal # is 527410 . Hope this helps !
The deals should have been corrected in Sitara by now - if not please check with Beverly . Thank You !
Beverly - once again thanks so much for your help on this .
This is wonderful - thanks for the memories ! Love ya !
I resubmitted the claim by mail and have not heard anything - the service I have received from the customer service department in the last six months has been terrible - one delay after another - lost claims . It is very frustrating . I will let you know when I get a response . Thank you !
Hi ! I submitted the claim by mail earlier this week - this is the third claim in a row I have had to send more than once . I have only submitted three in the last several years and have had problems with all of them . Thanks for listening !
Hi ! Rod Banks at Mariner Energy , Inc . requested I send you a note to confirm that for the month of January , 2001 , Enron did not purchase any of Mariner's interest in Garden Banks 236 . Enron did have a nomination in place for 1MMBtu/d and was allocated 42MMBtu . This nomination was an error . Enron and Mariner would like to have this reallocated to Mariner's current purchaser . Please call me at ( 713 ) 853 - 5775 if this would be a problem . Thank you !
Hi ! I sent a message to the above address - please let me know if I need to do anything additional . Thank You !
Some of these are cute !
These are so cute !
This is incorrect . I started in 1976 - I believe in June . Please recheck . Thank You !
Has unify been changed ? I thought you told me a couple of weeks ago that everything had been changed . Please let me know - thanks !
Please include the following: Andrea Nicks - Aquila Scott Garrison - Axia Mark Chambers - Coral Ann Riopelle - Coral Tim Riordan - Hess Duane Lawhorne - Williams Steve Jaques - Williams
Hi Terri , Sorry I missed your call ! I would love to get togerther this week sometime - any night will work for me - just let me know . Thanks
Hi ! I'm easy - any night works for me !
Hi ! CMS is correct - the price should be $8.74 . Thank You !
Hi ! Do you still have all the notes I gave you on how we should break this out ? This is the deal from hell ! Thanks .
Hi ! For some reason I can not open this file - could you please send me a hard copy to ( 713 ) 646-8453 fax . Thank you !
Hi ! Your not going to believe this but I just opened your email from a month ago . Apparently I had so many at one time I thought I was seeing them all but I wasn't . It is ( was ) so good to hear from you ! I'm sorry about all the problems PG&E has had but I hope it hasn't dampened your spirits to much . It will all work out in the end . Dick & I are still here . We were not smart and only sold about a third of our Enron stock when the price was above eighty so we have just been riding it down . I guess we will be here for awhile . I'm glad you got your house done - that is such a good feeling . We only have a few things left to do inside . Then we get to start on the backyard and patio . It never ends ! We had a very mild winter and it is just starting to get warm - I'm already dreading the heat . I hope you can find a place to do ceramics . I used to go with my mom every Saturday when I lived in Omaha . At first I just went to spend time with her but I ended up really enjoying it - very relaxing . I was very slow - in the year I was there I only finished two projects . I still display them proudly on the appropriate holiday . Are you going home for Easter ? This Friday I am going to have nasal surgery - something I have been putting off for years . I am not looking forward to it . Once again this highly predictable market is moving so I better go ! Take care and I'll try to call you when I get back from R&R .  Sorry it took so long to write !
Elizabeth , Sorry it took me so long to respond to you - use the prices Altrade is indicating - I probably just wrote them down incorrectly . I have found in past experiences with discrepencies that Altrade is usually correct and this is not a large amount in question . Thank You !
Hi ! Yes , we were discussing your lending habits and everyone was calling me a fricken mouch ! Your like a legend around here . We still need to get together and share some of your previous comments with Craig . How are you ? I miss you and get regular updates about how you are doing from you know who . Been to any exciting ports lately . Any baby news ? Not much new around here - John Craig keeps us laughing . Take care ! Andy
Hi ! The sitara deal # is 1068979 . Thanks !
Hi ! Thanks - these were very good ! Take Care !
Hi ! What group are you moving to ? Have you finally had enough of us ? I can't blame you ! Good luck & take care .
Hi ! It is so nice to hear from you ! I am trying not to think of all that is going on here - but it is not fun . Seeing you next week , however , will be . Would you have any free time to go to lunch or dinner maybe on Wednesday ? Let me know - sorry for the delay in responding I just opened your note .
Corrected price - sorry for the confusion !
Hi ! Count me in ! Thanks
The sitara number for November is 1143838 but you probably know by now - sorry for the delay .
Hi ! Thank you once again for all your sucessful efforts to renegotiate this deal . It means so much to Enron and the physical desk .
Yes - I received it last week .
Please call me back - I love you so much .
Please terminate any contributions to the United Way for 2001 & 2002 . Please call me at X35775 if you have any questions .
Hi Aunt Mary and Uncle Bob , Sorry it has taken me so long to write . Life is not good here at Enron . I have been asked to stay on until the company I work for is sold . I have been told I will be a part of the new company in it's proposed format . Many things can change between now and then and I am very skeptical as the company has told so many lies to so many people . It was so sad the day they let all those people go . I felt sad and guilty because I still had a job . Dick's company has basically been shut down . He was asked to stay on as a key person to help close down the business . His job will eventually end but we have no time frame . I know you are probably wondering about our financial situation . We had sold all our Enron stock in our 401K some time ago so we have done ok . It is so wonderful that you will get to see everyone sometime during the holidays . Please tell them hello and MERRY CHRISTMAS . It sounds like everyone is doing well . Michele is disappointed we are not coming home for Christmas but Dick is on call and he wants to work as long as possible . He keeps saying he is going to retire but I think he will get bored and end up going back to work especially if I am still working . I wish I could say more but for so long now our lives have been consumed with being part of the biggest bankrupcy in history and it has become very depressing . Take care . All our love . P.S . Next time I write I promise to be more upbeat .
Per our verbal discussion of Friday January 4 , I requested 2000MMBtu/d of storage gas for the period January 5-7 to serve an existing market on Florida Pipeline . Ragan Bond at Bridgeline informed me that my request would be denied . ENA needed to purchase pre-paid gas from Sequent to fulfill the market's request for additional supplies . ENA did not attempt to schedule the delivery of gas out of storage after Bridgeline informed me they would not perform on our request because we would have needed to request the customer to submitt a nomination for a delivery that would not be confirmed . Please let me know if you need additional information concerning this transaction .
Hi Steve , I spoke to Jeff Hodge this morning . Jeff asked that I provide to you the pipeline contracts we will need to put into place for the East Trading desk as soon as possible after we find out who is going to buy us . As expected the pipelines would only provide us will shell sgreements but we would like to get a step ahead by having legal review them so we can hopefully turn them around quickly when credit is established with the new entity . You should receive them this afternoon . I am at X35775 . Thank you !
Hi ! Sorry it took so long to respond but I took a couple of days off . Tuesday is fine for dinner - looking forward to it . It looks like UBS Warburg is our new owner . We do not have any information yet from our management so I can't tell you any more about the structure of the company . Hopefully I'll know more by Tuesday . Let me know what time on Tuesday . Maybe we could eat somewhere closer to the loop since we only work until around 3:00 right now and you are out that way and Cindy has to go that way .
Hi ! Sorry it has taken so long to respond but I took a few days of vacation . Happy New Year to you too and I hope it is a better year for all of us . Today they announced that UBS Warburg has purchased the trading company . This is good news except we do not know any information about how the company will be structured so I still do not know if I will have a job . This is stressful because it has been going on for so long . I wish something would happen good or bad . Originally I thought this would be a terrible thing to not have a job at Enron or in the energy sector but as time goes on I have come to think maybe it would just force us to do something else with our lives . Something we have thought about for a long time . It is a tragedy that after 25 years of service we will get no severance . I feel so sad for all those people who lost everything including a job . Dick has been retained as a key employee for EES to help close down the business so his job will eventually end . We have no time frame for him . Hope everything is going well for you and your family . Take care !
Hi Susan , I have not really been MIA just taking some time off . I received an offer to trade for UBS which I have accepted . Our desk will be very small to start out . Brad did not accept his offer and is moving to Kansas City to work for Aquila . Pete quit before he was made an offer to work for a bank in New York City . I am so happy for him . All that is left are me , Scott , Judy ( working full-time) , Chuck , Sandra and Jon McKay . Scott wants to trade all the points we were trading before so it should be interesting . He is going to trade the Hub physical and financial . Judy and I are going to split up everything else . Chuck is going to trade market area . Frank Vickers , Jared and Craig are all that is left of origination . Jared had a baby girl on Thursday . Her name is Kendall Gill ( do not know where the Gill came from ) and everyone is doing fine.How are you doing ? Andy
I think I would be a "1" .
1 ) For a full requirements deal , I would like some sense of the load shape of the customer . Having just monthly total energy consumption is not enough to price a deal . 2 ) The all requirements price may be less or greater than the peak price , it is dependent on load shape . 3 ) That is correct .
I was wondering why I am not eligible yet . I sent gave my agreement forms to Tricia Henry yesterday .
Yes I am
Does this information reflect the additions of the IBOC or not ? Otherwise the info seems to be what is going on right now .
If you look at the Cal 03-Cal 10 period , you see that there are roughly 25,000,000 MWh . Two days ago , 1 had only 6.5 contracts/day hedged . In the past two days , I sold 2.5 contracts/day . In the past two days , the Cal 03-10 swap has increased C$0.47 .
Here is the spreadsheet that I sent you at the beginning of the year when we set the curve marks to show the NPV 600,0000 CDN . These are the heat rates that I am referencing in the Hedge Summary sheet .
Here are my comments on the original guarantee My phone is 974-6749
John Lavorato already said that he would make JD report directly to Canada .
I was meaning to give you a call this week and inquire as to when you guys are planning to come up . Things are good here . Feeling poor as well .
Please give Enpower access to Murray Fichten , John Messenger , Mike Taylor , Tyler Seminuk
I hope stock goes to $35 so I can buy it at reasonable levels . Things are well here .
I will attend
Financial settlement occurs between Enron and the customer . The pool is agnostic to what its participants do ( i.e . generators that do 3rd party physical hedge are still paid by the pool , consumers of electricity who do 3rd party physical hedges also pay the pool )
I just need the positions aggregated , I don't need the desks broken out
I tried to answer you but my response was returned undelivered . Basically , the pool is agnostic , it pays power producers for the pyhsical energy delivered to the grid and it charges power consumers for energy taken from the grid . Any financial arrangements between the buyers and sellers are not known to the pool . The only mechanism the pool uses for physical power transactions is the direct sale mechanism . The terms and volume of these direct sales are entered in the pool's trading system . The pool then subracts the volume of the direct sale from the consumers and producers meter and pays/charges the producer/consumer on the net volume ( i.e actual production-direct sales or actual consumption-direct sales )
Yes , he said to leave the reports the same as it is now
yes thanks John
Here is the hedge summary for July 3/01 . Two things to note are: 1 ) I bought 125 MW of Cal 02 flat from Mirant for a 10 GJ/MWh heat rate 2 ) There is now a 20 year AECO basis curve , so the fixed price AECO gas from cal 15 on is generated off this curve . Before the AECO basis curve stopped at Cal 14
I sent you an update of the Hedge Summary for July 3 , 2001 . In that I mentioned that I bought 125 MW of Cal02 at 10 HR flat . I am long over 500 MW at this heat rate . The biggest risk in this position is a large hydro year that tanks the Mid-C ( i.e . uncorrelated event with gas) . Mid-C off-peak is $47 USD , Nymex fixed price for Cal02 is $3.79 USD and Sumas basis is $0.16 for Cal02 . This implies a heat rate of close to I am thinking about buying back some AECO gas hedge for Cal02 , then selling Mid-C off-peak to replace the gas hedge . Perhaps as winter blow-out protection , buy some Jan-Feb Sumas basis . The trade for a 25 MW long Alberta flat position would be: a ) sell 25 MW of Mid-C off-peak b ) buy 0.25 contracts /day of AECO fixed price Cal02 gas ( i.e . to unwind the off-peak Alberta portion of the the gas hedge ) See what you think? ?
home number is ( 403 ) 685-4817
I think you need to do this . They want the info today for PRC reasons .
John , I lost the following on 2nd order in the options book ( in Canadian $): Total ( 1,336,772 ) Prior to June 29 , the largest 2nd order was <15,000
Can you explain this in english to me? ? This just talks about July 6 , what about the days since June 29 . I hope that the curves for today came down ok .
This is not just a July 6 issue . Before June 29 , my 2nd order effects have been less thatn 15000 CDN$ . For the following days , my 2nd order effects have been: What is going on ? Can you explain ? 
Offer price is $61.50
NO
Lets try before Fri , as I am planning to take that day off
should be ok
unable to attend at that time due to a prior appointment , I can meet with you individually later some time
Karim , I don't want to wait till month end , let's adjust the numbers now and for the June 29 2nd order , lets take that value into June since it relates to July puts .
The total 2nd order up to and including July 16 is ( 1,891,851 )
Your numbers amount to a adjustment of ( 1,746,675) , were the total 2nd order from Jun 29 was ( 1,891,851) , now I understand that I would receive a some negative 2nd order to explain some of this difference I just thought that ( 145,176 ) difference ( i.e . ( 1,891,851-1,746675 ) which should be the true 2nd order ) was a bit high .
Same price as other volume , start date is fine , e-mail me for confirm
I won't have it until tomorrow morning because of a deal entry error in my 2002 position
Can you change John MacKay's name in the Natural Gas Fixed Price Positions by Trader , Natural Gas Basis Positions by Trader , Natural Gas P&L to Chris Lambie . John is being relocated to Houston and Chris Lambie is now in charge of the Alberta Gas Term Desk . Additionally , can you merge the P&L under MacKay and Add . Trading into one line item and call it Lambie . Therefore Lambie should be ( 41,480 ) as of yesterday's report .
Congrats , Harvard is OK not as good as Chicago though . Just joking
Does this resume interest you ?
Thanks for making the changes on the P&L and fixed price positions report . Can you also change the natural gas basis position by trader report from MacKay to Lambie ?
I'll be there
My wife and I will be there
From the beginning of the year to July 25 No of Trades: 1247 Notional Value: CDN$ 570,602,236 Counterparties ( 10): Aquila Canada Conoco Canada Duke Energy Marketing Ltd Dynegy Canada El Paso Merchant Energy Engage Canada Enmax Energy Corp Idaho Power Company TransAlta Energy Marketing TransCanada Energy Financial Products
sure
Not really , maybe 0.5 HR in Aug only , rest in unchanged
Will the Telus and Cisson deal appear tonight ? Because I haven't seen the Cisson deal of +53K yet ?
It didn't , check with Karim and let me know today . Thanks
Karim ,  this is the deal that I was talking about this morning . Albert is saying that it should have appeared in Friday's P&L . Can you check this with him and let my know today . When you said it was in tonights P&L , I think Albert was talking about the Telus deal not the Cisson deal .
I recognize that Aug 17 is Jason Garvey's last day , I am fine with that date .
Looks pretty cool . I think we can use it
I am interested
I was talking to John Lavorato just this morning and he said that he e-mailed you a memo that described the topics that he wanted to talk about next week . Do you have a copy of that ?
unsubscribe pjm-customer-info
The balancing pool committed in the their beginning of year release to dispatch Milner as follows: Milner has been down for maintenance until recently . Since coming back from maintenace , the 50 MW block @ $35.49 has disappeared . We analyzed the offer stack and it appears that Milner has the full 120 MW @ $0 I called Doug Heath to discuss this . He hasn't called me back . The issue I raised last week about Sherness dispatch is OK . I received a justified answer . However , this Milner issue is harder for th pool to defend . Can we pursue this . Thanks John
these are all ok
I am sure that John Lavorato will want to see a presentation for the Alberta Power Fundamentals . To save the hassle of develop powerpoint slides . Is there a way that we can simply tie a projector to the computer and run it off of our website . Additionally , can you enter the new known generation in the database . I am sure that he will want to see this as well . He will be in the office on Wed afternoon .
We should make reservations for: John Lavorato Rob Milnthorp Derek Davies John Zufferli Eric LeDain John MacKay Chris Lambie John Disturnal Mike Cowan
can you update slides 13-16 as of end of July
Jason can you make a power point slide with the following spreadsheet . Just use the number of trades and volume of trade columns ( i.e . the first two )
Call us from London when youget there
Do you have our flight info ?
Looks right
Can you re-activate the Alberta Power Pool Access to EnronOnline . Although this entity doesn't trade , it is important that they have access to the Alberta Gas and Alberta Power product for view only . This is a government entity that controls important gas generators in the province . They use our info about AECO gas in dispatching these units and they are an advocate for electricity trading in the province . Therefore , they need to see the Alberta Power market data on EOL . Thank You John Zufferli
No problem . Just arrange it with Angela .
yes
As a policy we only provide this info to customers who do business with us .
Sorry Nella , I replied a while ago directly to Rob Milnthorp
This seems fine .
Here is a copy of the script . Let me know if you have any comments . We can meet at my house at around 7:30 PM tonight . phone: 685-4817 Can every dress up in as bushman or farmer outfit as you have . It might be funny for Rob to wear a hockey jersey with the letter C on it . Does anyone have a chalkboard ? Kyle can you bring you abacus ?
Have you got you Enron Online reactivated yet ?
Nella , the trade volume info looks correct . It is the new counterparty info that is incorrect in Q1 - we had 8 new counterparties for the Alberta Power product in Q2 - we had 2 new counterparties for the Alberta Power product
I sent a request to reactivate the PowerPool of Alberta's view access to EOL Alberta Gas and Alberta Power . The request was sent to the help e-mail address 1 week ago . To date the powerpool has not received access . Can you inform me how long it will take ? Thank you .
This sounds fine .
Power Trading will need about 6 seats .
Just respond to Angela with how many seats you think you'll need .
Infield
No problem
I don't have any immediate needs . I don't know if anyone would want to come work for Canadian Pesos anyway . Sorry I couldn't be more help . See you
Things are ok . How is the new family addition doing ?
I'll be there
Sure .
Looking forward to it
We can put him in sean's seat
I have given Bill Greenizan formal authority to be your direct supervisor . Bill will be the point person for any questions , development issues and concerns that your group may have . You are still welcome to approach me at any time . However , I feel that given my increased responsibilities with the gas group , it would only be fair to the four of you , in terms of career development , to have more frequent and detailed interaction with Bill . Thank you . P.S . I would like to make this announcement in person but as you know it is difficult to get all four of you at the same time .
Good for me
Yes and send me his resume
I'll be there
I don't have a need for traders here in Calgary now . I don't have a softcopy of the application . He should think about Harvard and MIT
Give me a call after 3:00 PM MST tomorrow
One of us will attend
John Zufferli Bill Greenizan Cooper Richey of Enron will attend
CAN YOU SET UP GREG BERRY IN DUNCAN CROASDALE'S OLD SEAT . THANKS , JOHN
We can have you sit down with John Disturnal , Chris Lambie and Mike Cowan in informal interviews .
I'll send it Tues morning
I understand that the car has 130,000 km . Has the engine been rebuilt ? When were the brakes last changed ? How is the clutch and transmission ?
No I don't know about a power plant in Ontario . How is it going in Seattle ? Hope all is well . Give us a call sometime .
I talked to Milly yesterday , he was ok with the concept of covering the 1 month salary . I talked to Trish and the easiest/non-tax affected way to handle it is to submit expense forms . The problem is if you sell the car at a loss , then the loss compensation is tax deductible , if you import the car , then the transport costs/imports duties can be submitted as an expense and is not exposed to taxes . I talked to Trish about exactly what you have proposed and she wasn't sure from an equity standpoint between what was given to other employees that she could do that . However , don't worry about it I'll do my best so that you are kept whole in one way or another . The easiest position for me to push is if you actually want to keep your car , then you can expense the duty .
This afternoon is busy for Derek and I but we should be able to squeeze in a few minutes
For the trading group , not including back-office staff . ... . Director 3 - Mike Cowan , John Disturnal , Chris Lambie Associate 2 - Cooper Richey , Rob Downer (  probably Chad Clark and Stephan Brodeur ) Analyst 7 - Ryan Watt , Lon Draper , Fabian Taylor , Ian Cooke , Carlos Torres , Chad Clark , Stephan Brodeur Non-Commercal 4 - Murray Fichten , Mike Taylor , Tyler Seminuk , John Messenger We probably need two more analysts
i will attend
Just replace me with you
Can you grant Chris Dorland all requested access for EOL trading . John Zufferli
I traditionally send them on Tues morning . I will send it tomorrow .
This letter is good ,  just get Sharon to give me a copy to sign .
Corporately , we are not allowed to trade currency outside of Houston . In the same way , we can't make markets on other traders' markets . If EOL has enough products in currency , we may be able to post our numbers on the screen inside of the Houston currency traders' two-ways . I am unsure if we are even allowed to do this .
Have you reviewed that ladies resume that I gave you 2 weeks ago ? If so what do you think ?
John Lavorato asked me to contact you regarding any and all info you have on the Owens Corning transaction in Alberta . Please return my call at 403-974-6749
I have got my page set-up in excel to print all the info . The info is there . I just don't think that Kim has her excel page setup to print the info ( I assume she is the one printing it out for you) . Do you want me to call her ?
I don't remember my userid and password for the e-mail 4-life
I received a spreadsheet from Richter but do you have any contract documentation ?
Assume that the interview was final round
My fax is 403-974-6706
To my knowledge we are not building a power plant in Ontario . I have been meaning to give you a call . I will try sometime this week . Talk to you later
one of you guys should go to this
Do you still have the forms for the 4 hourly people ( Tyler , John , Mike , Murray) . I tried to go into the PEP and get them but it is closed .
When is the interview date at Wilfred Laurier , Guelph and Waterloo ? Can they all be put on at the same time , either on or off-campus ?
Not material so don't do anything .
Just get with me when you are in
I don't have time to go to your office , you have to come here . I am in the process of setting curves between 3 and 4 . I never know when I am done since I am dependent on Houston currency and gas curves . So if you could be here at 4 that would be good .
Take the TransCanada Hwy 1 west to Calgary . This becomes 16 Ave N in the city . Take Highway 2 south ( Deerfoot ) when you get in the city . When you come to the Deerfoot/Glenmore intersection take Glenmore Trail East . On Glenmore , you'll pass under Macleod Trail ( there is a big mall Chinook centre on your right) , you'll pass over the Glenmore reservoir . When you get to Glenmore and 37 st get in the inside lane of Glenmore . After 45 st , Glenmore will split in 2 , stay in the inside ( i.e . leftmost lanes) . This fork will lead you to a stop light where you turn left onto Highway 8 Bragg Creek . On highway 8 you will pass 69st , after the light get in the outside lane and take your next right on Lower Springbank Rd . At the the stop sign turn left onto Lower Springbank , you should now be going parallel to Highway 8 . After 85 st and before 101st there is a gravel entrance road on your right , take this road , it is 100 feet long and leads to Slopeview Dr , turn left when the gravel road joins the pavement and go to 133 Slopeview Dr .
I'll call him , I have to arrange to be there when he can come since it requires me to lift the TV with him .
The import/export units are fine , here is the SD3 SD4 info
YES
That is the Saturday after the management conference in San Antonio , I was planning to stay down there for the US thanksgiving . So tentatively , I won't be there Conference is Nov 14-16
This is correct , except that a significant portion of his cost should be reapplied to Enron Direct
Hey Jim and Greg , Jessica and I sent a card to Chris's wife asking about his well-being and this is the unfornate response . Sent: Friday , October 05 , 2001 3:04 PM Subject: From Anne Wodenshek Jessica and John , Thanks for the card , yes Chris was in the WTC , 105th floor on Tuesday the 11th...2 days after our 12th wedding anniversary . I hadn't spoken to him at all that day and he wasn't able to call after the attack . I only hope that he wasn't frightened and that he didn't suffer . Some of the other people who worked for Chris were able to contact their loved ones and they said that they were going to be evacuated . None of the 36 people who worked for Chris got out , and in total , there were nearly 700 employees of Cantor , Espeed and TradeSpark that didn't survive . We are all in a state of shock and disbelief . Chris would have turned 36 on 9-22 . He was the most wonderful , hardworking , dedicated , easy going , kind , loving and respectful person I have ever known . He never had a bad word to say about anyone nor was there a bad bone in his body . The children and I , ( 5) , feel like our lives ended that same day . I can't imagine moving on or ever being happy again . There is no reason for this dispicable act...this world will never be the same . There were many articles about Chris in various papers here in NJ and NY . I was also on CNN when we were searching for him . You can find these at the Starledger.com , NYtimes.com , the Stamford Advocate , Bergen record and info on the Cantorusa.com website . I have set up a trust fund for the children if you are interested . The address is The Christopher Wodenshek Children's Trust c/o Attorney Thomas Palace 20 Court Street Hackensack , NJ . I am not sure if John worked at TFS with Chris , but that sounds familiar to me . If so , I wanted to let him know the Ted Mahoney (  or Maloney? ) was also at Cantor and is also amoung the missing . Thanks again for your kind card and prayers . Please continue to pray for peace in our and our children's time ! Fondly , Anne , Sarah , Haley , Mollie , WIll and Zachy Wodenshek
What is the asking price of this vehicle ?
I am not sure what New Start is ? Any details ?
BTW , I think I have a bye on this video .
The currency P&L is missing from the preliminary again . We shouldn't post P&L to the executive management reports with missing components .
Also , instead of sending me the P&L via e-mail , arrange to have someone here to put the P&L and new deal reports on my desk as usual . Thanks
Also , where are my gas reports
I don't have the P&L summary with post ID's for my gas books as of 10/12
Unfortunately , the timing does not work for me
I agree , I feel the same . It feels like we are getting left behind .
Looks ok to me from the trading side
I plan to attend
Where is my preliminary P&L for Oct 16 ?
Once again ,  the EOL report is ignoring the new customer list that I have given twice now . They seem to insist that the the Canadian subs that are now tradinig Alberta power that have traded other products on EOL are not new customers . I have all but given up on this issue . In terms on of # of trades/day for Alberta Power , the numbers for Aug and Sep are low: I will check the gas info later
Given the volatility in the gas market ( which is the sole impact on the Canadian power book's US dollar exposure ) and the exhorbitant cost involved in hedging multi-year cashflows ( i.e . as evidenced by Friday 10/19/2001 trade of -$1,200,000 Cdn new deal value for the 14 year swap that I entered into) , I will manage the currency exposure of this book myself , I will hedge appropriately when I see fit and will not accept hedges forced on Enron Canada because of arbitrary position limits set by your department . John Zufferli
Since Alberta Power trades 15 times/day and East and West power trade in excess of 1000 times/day , I believe that a 10% allocation for my desk is inappropriate . I would be willing to settle for 5% and I believe that this is more that generation/
I never wrote nor implied that I was intending to hedge currency exposure with a third party . I implied that I will hedge with you guys when and where I deem appropriate in the term structure .
There is nothing in my inbox . I have no form to sign . Could you deliver me one please ?
I want to install some reporting measures on position limits and VAR metrics here in Canada . Can you give Brian Gillis the necessary access so that he can prepare the reports for me . If you have any questions give me a call ? 
derek can you forward me the e-mail for the management conference ? my e-mail puked and deleted everything in my inbox .
I have no memory of receiving this info . Can you send me another ?
Rick & Laura Figueroa Brian & Amy Brewer 11927 Canyon Mills Dr . Carrie Grin 3502 Burlington St #3 5610 Island Breeze Can't wait to see you guys . Sorry if I sounded scatter brained when we talked on Wed , I was trying to watch the gas screen and trade at the same time . Hope all is well . John
Sundance 3: Aug . 16 to Sept . 13 Sundance 4: Jul . 12 to Aug . 6
Sundance 4: July 12 to Aug 6
Yes
In the event that your vision is clearing , here is another stick in the eye . John
the phone number for the conference room in calgary is 403-974-6983
When you get it can you come talk to me about this Thanks
Looks ok
That is good
can you explain to me what data you are pulling for canadian fixed price positions in the report , it showed chris lambie selling 1200 contracts yesterday . my records indicate chris sold 145 nymex contracts yesterday . in general the data ( i.e including the var calc ) is questionable relative to my reports .
jzufferli@shaw.ca , it has changed from jzufferli@home.com
A ok for me
CNN ) -- Seven airport security workers have been suspended after police said a man made it through a security checkpoint at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport with knives , a can of Mace and a stun gun . Security screeners took two knives from Subash Gurung , 27 , after he initially went through the checkpoint Saturday night , authorities said . Gurung then was allowed to pass through . Seven more knives , Mace and a stun gun were found in his carry-on luggage during a random search before boarding a United Airlines flight , police said . The suspect , who told authorities he is from Nepal , was arrested Sunday night by the FBI and will be arraigned Monday on a federal charge of unlawfully taking a weapon aboard an aircraft . He originally had been arrested Saturday by local police , charged with two misdemeanors and released on bond . CNN has learned of a possible connection between Gurung and a man who is being held as a material witness in the September 11 terrorist attacks . Gurung listed the same West Hollywood Avenue address in Chicago as the detainee . ( Full story )  In the U.S.-led retaliation for the terror attacks , Taliban forces were leaving their southern Afghan stronghold of Kandahar on Monday as U.S.-led airstrikes intensified . After a quiet day Sunday -- allied planes dropped a single bomb southeast of the city -- CNN's Kamal Hyder reported heavy bombardment of rural districts around Kandahar as well as military targets to the northeast , southeast and west . There were reports of further attacks overnight on the Kajaki Dam area , where a hydroelectric plant is located that provides power to Kandahar . Taliban frontline positions north of Kabul also were hit Monday , and there were reports of intense fighting near the strategic northern city of Mazar-e Sharif .
It's 2200 miles to Houston , to far to drive
Just contact me at this e-mail address or 403-974-6749 re your interview
The canadian sap # is p00565421 the us sap # is p00503799 rumor on cnbc is that dynegy is buying enron
Kindly terminate all payroll deductions for non-registered plans with Canada Life Thank you
looks ok to me
go ahead
i'm going to be in the US from nov 15 to nov 24
can you move Ian Cooke in front of Stephan Chad Bruce beside Brian Gillis Cooper Richey in Ian Cooke's seat beside Chris Dorland Bill Greenizan beside Cooper Richey Hourly beside Bill Greenizan in Chad Bruce's seat
John Disturnal read/write , the others just read
Still just waiting to see what happens . Everything is ok though , just a little slow . Jessica is doing fine . Take care
just baby stuff
I am not going to fly on Thurs , but Jessica wants to go anyway . I think I am going to stay . SHe seems ok with it
a fly fishing book , fly-fishing net ,
yeah i am too conservative , but jessica isn't afraid , i wish she would just stay here
it feels like life at work here is still day to day , we are still having credit issues in buying our gas back , it is difficult to be away for so long , I don't want to let you down and I feel like a complete heel , but I am terrified
I am supposed to talk to her tonight . What do you think it is ?
yes but not 100% that the merger will close
here is a spreadsheet that captures the eol price data , an analyst here built it , apparently whenever the price changes in eol it gets sent to a file server and then the macro picks up the new data
to this spreadsheet we should add the $64MM cost for increased operating reserves , the $60MM for taxes and fx
just send the essay at home I don't know what to do about mom , i don't think fear is the only thing holding her back ,  i think she is lazy is there a heart health class in Sudbury that has excercise regimines as well as diets ? when is the last time she saw her doctor
i think the YMCA has a class that is for people recovering from heart-attacks i remeber something about that
Analyst Rank Chad Clark 1 Lon Draper 1 Fabian Taylor 2 Carlos Torres 3 Ryan Watt 1 Associate Cooper Richey 1
Some of my position is with the Alberta Term book , I will send you only the positions that I have directly with ENA .
This is a trade with OIL-SPEC-HEDGE-NG ( John Lavorato's book ) and John Zufferli's book CAND-PWR-PR CAND-PWR-PR buys from OIL-SPEC-HEDGE-NG Nymex Gas Please Confirm Receipt John Z
very busy , jess is ok just scared
not yet , rob has been in the court house all day
Nicole and everyone , I think the directory is i:\canadian\energy service\integrated solutions\counterparty talks.xls
Enron is willing to perform the operation under question ( 1 ) but not ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) as we have no control over these processes and only have control over process ( 1) . The System Controller can contact Enron Canada Power Corp at the number in your files .
Here is the info for the commercial staff John Z
Please set up access for the digital certificate under Enron for TAU and I understand that they will have access to report viewing and submissions . Thank you . John Zufferli
In addition to a list of software and systems that is being compiled for the Calgary office , all required spreadsheets for the Calgary trading operations ( i.e . the sheets that the traders use ) has been compiled in "secure on |
nothing new here , when is your flight ? have you found any condos yet ?
Here is the update list that you requested . Mike Cowan , Chris Lambie , Chad Clark , Chris Dorland , Lon Draper Cooper Richey , John Zufferli also needs access to the Nymex EOL website . Mike Cowan , Chris Lambie , Chad Clark , Chris Dorland need access to US west and east basis markets as well .
You should talk to Jess about that , she is due March 2 but I am not sure when her mom is coming and going . I would think that the 2 week in march is good though . Look forward to seeing you tomorrow .
you can increase the direct sale to include Dec 31 , 2001 Thank you John Zufferli
Its OK John Zufferli
yes
I am interested in a program for myself . I am 33 years old , have been inactive for 6 months . I am 6' 1'' and 225 lbs . I can easily ride 50 km at about 27 km/h on flat terrain . I would like to lose 15 lbs , improve my speed an definitely improve my hill climbing ability . I live at 3800 ft altitude and hill climbing is very difficult . I hit lactate threshold fairly quick . Thanks
Dad asked if I wanted to lend you some money but I am reluctant to do it at this point in time since: a ) I am not completely at liberty to touch all the cash that I have received lately for concern that it may be taken bank under potential creditor action against Enron . Unfortunatelty , without this cash , I really can't afford to lend any . The cash that I received recently represents 80% of the cash that I have and I am not sure when I can count on this cash with any degree of certainty . Therefore , I am reluctant to touch this money for at least 6 months . b ) As of right now , I don't have a job after Feb . 28 . The new company deal that Enron is trying to structure with its traders and a new buyer will not be done until the month . If this deal falls through , then I have to find a job with another company . In this case , it is most likely that I will have to move back to the US since my contacts and the most lucrative opportunities ( i.e . compared the the new Enron deal ) are there . c ) If I had the cash to give , Dad asked that I could give you a discount to the bank mortgage . With discount rates near 5% , even if I gave you a mortgage at 4% , I don't think the monthly interest saving for you would be material enough . d ) I think it is good for you to develop a credit rating with a bank through a mortgage . It is very beneficial for later on in life . Paying visa bills does help you a bit in this category , but not like a mortgage . Hopefully , you can get the financing from a bank . I think that this is the best solution in the long run .
If the legacy deals move to NETCO then we need the ability to trade Canadian gas . Canada would not be out of business if we only traded US denominated financial products but it reduce our daily transactions by 75% .
what is your number at work ?
Enron Canada Power Corp acknowledges the change in the sink asset from CH1A to CH1U for contract #1947 for the period of Jan 01 , 2002 HE1 to Dec 31 , 2002 HE24 Thank you John Zufferli
Nella here is a list of products that we would launch on EOL in NETCO . Assume the the products listed under the Financial heading are launched on day 1 and the the products listed under the Physical heading are launched at a later date .
Here is a list of products and counterparties
Is is possible to import a lotus elise and get it converted to left-hand drive and road compliant ? I was wondering if you knew how to do it and how much it would cost Thank you .
can er make this earlier , not sure I'll be in fri aft
congrats to Ali I had to fly to houston on monday on last minute notice , we have been bought by UBS Warburg , I hope that the deal works out and looks good for me , don't know yet but I am excited , how is the condo going ?
Yes , he worked for me , he ran the AECO option book , we let him go since we were not sure of our future at the time , he is setting up the BP Amoco options desk He is a very smart guy and understand options very well , he is late thirties and has been trading for some time
things are going well,hectic but more steady now that we are bought by UBS , at least steady in mind jess is doing well , just 6 weeks left , she is getting to the uncomfortable phase now how are you doing in portland ?
Cooper is doing fine he is still breathing according to him
I can't afford to bump anyone , unfortunately all the people on this list are top notch . We are trying to separate the cream from the cream . Given that , and working on the assumption that Dan D is a rock star ( i.e . not knowing him from Adam otherwise ) I think we should relace Lalani with him .
do you have the internet addresses and directory details put togethor yet
After some brief discussions with UBS in Houston , we must wait before we can make final determination of our functional currency . We may be evaluated in Canadian dollars rather than American . I must get some direction from UBS
Can Dorland and Chad meet me and Mili in Video 1 at 9:30 and when these guys come back can Cowan and Lambie come to Video 1
Can you send my curves and trades for Jan 18
I am reading your mail , I have asked for the same thing regarding my base . Especially since I came up here with a base salary converted at 1.48 CDN/USD and with no raise since being here at 1.61 CDN/USD I have received a 9% pay cut relative to my peers in Houston . Not to mention that my base salary is $50-$100 USD/year lower than what other shops are offering . However , after three attempts , I have been unsuccessful in championing my own cause .
i don't even know your salary now .
WOW , that was higher than I thought . That is not much different than mine and higher than other Directors in the office . I am not blowing smoke , but given my experience , there is nothing that I can do at the immediate time .
No I never got the sweater . I was thinking about that on the weekend . I'll pick up the gift for you .
can you prepare how the ontario market works presentation for myself and derek davies
no the packages haven't come in . Kacz's called a we are going to pick up the gift . Warburg is still progressing , just waiting on offer letters . I will be in charge of canadian trading , that will include ontario power - a new market that i will have to learn about .
A buddy of mine is selling this stuff and is just starting out , if you need a helmet , contact him .
Can you send me the Jan 18 trades and marks as well as today's trades and marks before 3:00 PM today , thanks John
will this be video conferenced in calgary
i lifted it last night for 82,000
yes i gave him a verbal
We have traditionally have had currency issues in Canada regarding P&L preservation versus cashflow preservation . We have been valued in P&L under the US$ but due to Revenue Canada reasons our functional currency has been C$ ( i.e . the preponderence of cashflows were in C$ from the legacy gas deals , PetroCanada , Suncour , etc , and the PPA position) . Since trader evaluation at year end has been in US$ , traders would hedge C$ positions immediately as the trade occured . The hedge would extend until the position rolled of his book . From a P&L systems point of view , this would preserve the trader's P&L in US$ . However , from a treasury point of view currency risk would still exist until cash exchange hands; these cash exchange dates were different for financial trades , physical trades and inter-company trades . There was also some currency risk ( albeit small ) between billing dates from SAP and settlement dates of the respective trade type . It is my opinion that the functional currency should match the evaluation currency in order to mitigate many of the above problems . To a certain extent , I am indifferent if it is US$ or C$ . The timeline of the decision is being driven by our accounting group who need to set up the SAP system . They are trying to work within a deadline to have the company capable of performing transactions by Jan 29 . This is the date that they have been told to meet by Houston . As a result , we would need a determinination of the functional currency by Mon Jan 28 .
subject to mechanical inspection from the Vancouver Porsche dealership .
they are working it still
can we possibly move this meeting up from 3:30 PM to sooner ?
Danielle , in general we need everything that Houston gets in addition to the info that is listed as Calgary on your spreadsheet . One information source in not listed on your sheet . IHS Accumap Priority 2 Contact: Carmen ( 403 ) 770-4503 phone , ( 403 ) 874-4218 cell Can you tell me if anyone in Houston is working on setting up accounts with NOVA , Power Pool of Alberta , OASIS , ESBI ? These are gas and power related entities that we have to have accounts with the schedule physical gas and electricity .
Here is the list updated with responsibility names .
garrett , you should look into buying an advanced ticket to come up to calgary for a week in a week or so , we can go through next steps , fundies , etc . BTW , we got 3 feet of snow in the mountains this weekend , powder everywhere!! !
according to the packet that was distributed in the meeting today with BC , it appears that Calpine , El Paso , Williams , AEC Marketing , AEC Storage are all FEB 1 , this doesn't jive with what you just sent , wassup ?
1 user of accumap I'll look into the other issues , I just thought that you may know who may be handling it , we may just do it directly from Calgary
when ? i am free anytime this aft
who at UBS should we talk to ?
one thing , we should wait before we dole out all 250 until we hear from others
I didn't see accumap added to the new list that was sent by chris behney , the nova , oasis and power pool of alberta accounts that were added in yellow were inappropriately added as these are not data sources that require purchasing , they are simply accounts to set-up much like a membership account
Feb 1 AEC Marketing physical gas Calpine Canada Natural Gas Partnership ( Encal ) physical gas El Paso Merchant Energy physical gas Williams Energy Marketing
can you call me regarding this
number 1
that was our plan but I am not sure whether UBS has the proper Canadian corporate structure to allow to do that yet
Stephane Brodeur should be removed from the list . I am not sure about Chris Lambie , whether he is joining the company . Garrett Trip should be added as the Ontario Power trader ( that market won't open until May 2002 )
Sorry for the delay , I had to do it twice since excell blew up on me and I didn't save it . I hope that this is comprehensive enough .
Frank , I forgot about Lon Draper and the options , here is an update .
can you make it more official looking , ideally a fax , signed by you , no worries , there is no liability
Can you spend time with your replacement before you leave ? I'll let you know on Monday who that will be . Good luck in your future endeavours , it is sad to see you go .
looks neat , maybe needs some other coloured wall paint to personalize it
i have a pcmcia card and the password is jessi
Here is the position summary as of Feb 2 , 2002
I am not involved in this , it is Rob Milnthorp's domain .
Epcor Merchant & Capital LLP ( formerly Encore ) Contract Contact: Karen Mikkelborg phone: ( 403 ) 717-8121 Business Contact: Derek Laishley phone: ( 403 ) 717-4610 Business Contact: Marvin Mah phone: ( 403 ) 514-2078 Credit Contact: Don O'Brien phone: ( 403 ) 514-2073 TransCanada Business Contact: Gwen Wenstrom phone: ( 403 ) 216-2910
I will have 4 books: CAND-MGMT-BAS for all AECO and DAWN BASIS CAND-MGMT-GD for fixed price AECO and DAWN CAND-MGMT-PR for NYMEX
i am waiting on the conference call and no one is on it yet ?
i waited for 15 min , i guess the conference call was cancelled ?
Check out www.segalmotorcar.com
hey janet , i haven't received the new phone in number yet , not sure if you have it yet
you should request this from eric ledain or derek davies , they have the current list
Business Contact: Chris MacDowall phone: ( 403 ) 267-6949
Judy , I was accidently included on the distribution list for the retirement announcement from Omaha . My name is John Forney and my family is from Crete Nebraska . My grandfather , Lester Forney , was a doctor in Lincoln . Any relation , as I dont hear our last name very often ? Enron Power Trading
I have purchased from Duke 100 mw's at $51 for flow into Entergy ( see deal#591863 ) .  Duke is transmitting this power through their capacity through SOCO . In the event of TLR's , we have the option of cutting this supply , without booking out ( deal was negotiated with Amar) . If this happens , of course you need to fill the demand side and cut the purchase from Duke in enpower - see deal no . above . The purchases go in the ST SPP book . Once again , If RT has to intervene , please make sure that Enpower is balanced with respect to ST SPP . Also , let me know immediately if there are problems with this or any other schedule that I have . You guys are doing a good job .
I need tickets to an Astros game on May 18th . We will be entertaining 7 people from Entergy and approx . 5 Enron people . Is there access to a box or , at least , blocks of seats together ? Thanks ,
Mikey , Please see the attached and tell me if I am smoking crack . This calc would show me eating the difference between the purchase and sale prices , although I have no position on this day . You can go into the tab marked "May1." Thanks ,
John - How is business ? Things not as fun here as PDX . I am still in the market for a car and I have a strong candidate: 1990 Carrera 2 cabriolet . It has 64k and the interior is flawless . The exterior has a couple of dings and some rock chips , etc in the front . The paint has some waterspots on the hood as well . The guy that owns it is a geek and never has waxed the car . It may be possible to get these out by a detail shop . Heres the kicker: the guy is asking $27,500 negotiable . I think I can get this for $24,500 or 25k . It needs tires and one of the headlight lenses has a rock chip . The car drives great . Do you know of anything that I need to look out for with this particular model ? The engine is a 3.6 litre and it runs great . Can a detail shop get out smudges and waterspots ? The blue book trade in on this vehicle in good condition is $24,000 . The retail is supposedly $33k . What am I missing here ? Thanks ,
Bobby - How's it going in PDX ? Things very different here in this "market." It is difficult to trade against monopoly power . Book currently melting down , however , things are turning around . Here; nuke goes down , very hot weather............ . prices tank . The transmission is controlled by utility rednecks who load up the capacity , driving up prices , and they release the capacity in mid trading , crushing the dailies . We cant buy transmission and hold it in this manner . Pig forkers ! Anyway , I havent been accepted into the bubba club yet , but I'm still trying . Presto and the other traders call my region "Jimmy land," as most of the players are rednecks named Jimmy . Hope the wife and Floyd are doing well . Lot's of bad golf being played here ! Let me know when you are coming down - we will drink tequila at the Cadillac Bar .
Thanks for keeping me updated , jackie ! Seriously , how are things going in the homeland ? Are you glad to be back ? Let me know what 's happening . I havent talked to brother Jimmy lately . He is not answering his phone here . Say hello to the wife - we never hear from anyone in Portland . Knock em dead in your new job !
Bill , I talked with Hans at the Autohaus and he relayed that the car was in good shape , but did probably need a valve adjustment , as you relayed . Maybe also an oil leak fixed . Also , I asked him about the oil light and he seemed to think that the oil sensor needed replacing . The Porsche certainly requires more attention than most cars , the clutch being a common and costly repair . The exterior of the car is in fair condition . Maybe a detail shop could tell me whether some of the scratches could be buffed out . I'm not sure if you have checked into painting while you had the car , but you cant get it done inexpensively . I am still interested in the car and I would like my wife to be able to take a look at it . However , I am leaving town tomorrow and wont be back until Sunday . Maybe we can meet then . If our discussions progress and you havent already sold or traded in the car , I would like to have it checked out mechanically ( at my cost ) and would like a detail shop to give me an assessment of what they could do with the finish . I realize the car is not perfect and it is eleven years old , but it is a large investment.... . Thanks , Bill for your time . My cell number is 713-412-7529 .
Thanks for asking - things are still pretty tough here , but I determined to make it work . I am a Director now - would your management be concerned about that?- just curious .
Chuck , Lee Dean with Primrose Oil called our West Desk to inquire about electricity service to their field in Texas . His number is 940-322-1077 . If you could pass this along to the appropriate salesperson , I would appreciate it . Thanks ,
Things are going pretty well - balance of month trading $43.75 in Entergy and it is going to be 90 degrees all of next week ! I heard that PV is down and its 1,000 degrees in the desert - you guys must be busy . Dave Ryan called for mild in the Northeast next week when Earthsat was preaching hot . ...... . did really well on that deal as I was short balmo the Cinergy . He's the man ( this week) . I saw Swerzbee and Motley at the K-derby . That was a good time , but it was bright sun and hot , while we were wearing the traditional suit and tie . There was a trader at the party that weighed about 320 . He was wearing a black wool sportcoat and a khaki colored shirt . He tried to take his coat off but strangers were dogging him about his sweat rings , so he put it back on..........poor bastard . Louisville Slugger factory and museum kicked ass . They had all the original bats from Ty Cobb , Babe Ruth , etc to current players . The have been custom making bats since like 1847 . Good trip - see you there next year !
Bryan , please give me a call at 3-7160 to arrange meeting .
I am interested in obtaining parking in the new Enron parking garage . I am currently in the Kellogg building . Thanks , John Forney Director , East Power Trading
Elizabeth , My name is John Forney and I am the new Electricity Cash trader in the Entergy region , reporting to Kevin Presto . I received a letter agreement from Entergy that seeks to clarify the Entergy "Into" definition . Rogers Herndon has relayed that we have tried to get them to transact under an EEI agreement , where they have been willing to only operate under WSPP . They are trying to get us to agree to use the WSPP contract with EEI liquidated damages language . I need to meet with you on this issue . Rogers is available to anwer questions on the background of this ,  if necessary . Thanks ,
Joan , I left a message for you today concerning your e-mail . Do you still need someone ? I would like to ask you some specific questions again , so give me a call . I am at 3-7160 . Thanks ,
Thanks for checking - very unhappy with the situation here . Very unprofessional and juvenile atmosphere . Looking to leave the company if something doesnt open up internally .
i have notified Presto that I will be looking internally . i am talking to portland , as they want me back . i have been moved to the Texas region to supply the Texas Choice and EES customers on an hourly basis . I would manage this desk and , once again ,  have an hourly crew , much the same as I did in California . That is not the job I signed up for when I moved 3,000 miles to Houston . I have already been there , done that and I am not pleased about it so far , but it will be allright . If I did this job , it would become a big success and then I would have to hear about how lucky I was . I'll keep you posted......it's shit like this that keeps work interesting .
Thanks for listening on last week's phone call . I have been asked to help Doug Gilbert-Smith get Ercot off of the ground as far as Services and Hourly trading is concerned . If you have not heard , the Entergy and TVA cash trading positions will now be manned by one trader who will also trade the term markets . This will give the traders the leverage needed to create value in these respective regions . My inexperience in the term is the reason given for my implied demotion , although these moves opened up cash trading opportunities for other players . This had been the first month that I've had access to the prompt month and I am up nearly $500k; there is no doubt in my mind that I was going to beat this region into a profitable proposition . I have notified Presto that I would be joining Doug in Ercot , but would be considering other options in Houston , or even Portland . I mentioned that I might call you and he has no problem with that . The job in Houston may be a good opportunity , however , the environment here is not compatible with my personal and professional goals . I am looking for other opportunities , preferably within the company . If there are areas that you think might be a good match for my skill set , let me know - I would appreciate your consideration or suggestions . You certainly are under no obligation to do this , but I am confident that my track record will generate some interest within the company , possibly on the retail side . Thanks for your time ,
Frank , I am interested in speaking with you further concerning investment opportunities . Although you mentioned that the $1,800 ( the amount in my account ) is a small sum , I have been reluctant to invest more money with your firm , given to performance of the suggestions provided previously . I have been a market maker in the electricity business and I realize that no one is right all of the time; I dont expect this . However , I do expect some consistent contact from a broker who has been successful in his own trading , not just success in brokering trades . My view will be that the more success we have , the more money I will be willing to invest . I am interested in discussing my specific financial situation with you and learning more about you , your track record and your abilities . I do wish to talk about covered calls on specific options that I have expiring in January . I would also like to discuss any other profitable ideas that fit my profile . I will not use your suggestions to trade at discount brokerage or otherwise abuse our potential relationship . I look forward to hearing from you .
Kim , I'm sorry I did not get to come to your open house . I got the message on the day of the party and I forgot to RSVP that I couldnt attend . I am a jackass , but you knew that already..................... . Hope all went well . How's the new job ?
I have relocated from the West Desk in Portland Oregon and have been advised by our Legal Dept . that I should not delete any e-mails until further notice . Please advise .
Thanks for handling this !
Jim Flores - did he also work in Finance ? I dont remember him.. . How is it going with baby Wolf ? I want to make sure everything is ok before I call him . Done any good deals lately ? At least tell me about hiking .
Kim , I need to speak with you at your earliest convenience . Please call me at 3-7160 . Thanks ,
it's a power thang.... .
I will be attending a funeral tomorrow , but I am available to meet on Tuesday . Thank you for checking back with me .
Kim , Can we meet around noon ?
That would be fine - just give me a call and let me know when you can meet .
You are down .
Hey , looks like I will be returning to Portland . They want me back and it is a much better place to work . HR is wanting me to consider other opportunities in Houston , however . They have one week to come up with something , otherwise I'm outta here . Other companies are paying ridiculous sums to experienced West traders ( California experience) . Thanks for considering me for your group and I'll keep you updated .
Kim , Thanks for spending time with me yesterday . I have spoken with Tom May concerning what my status was . I mentioned that my preference would be to return to Portland , however , I would be considering other options within the company for one week . My thought was that I need to relay this same message to Presto , Doug and Lloyd . I will communicate this today , unless you have other ideas . As discussed , I have attached a copy of my resume . It is getting kind of long , but I havent really gotten a chance to "abbreviate." Thanks again for helping ,
It looks like we will be moving back to Portland before summer starts . The job didnt turn out as promised and I was put into a role that I didnt want . Oh well . The Portland team still wants me and has offered 4 different roles to choose from . You cant beat that . Anyway , I will let you know how it turns out .
I will come by sometime after 8:30 am if that is okay . Thanks !
Congrats to you and your wife on your new arrival . Hope she's a good sleeper . Now at least you can field some different questions , "how is the baby?" versus "where is the baby?" But , as Kim used to say , "enough about you , let's talk about me." I spoke with Tim B again and he is agreeable to the idea of my return . He mentioned that West has needs in Services , Middle Mkt - SW and even Structuring . I think that I would be a good fit in Mid Mkt , as I could build upon my experience and also learn as much of the structuring side as possible . Wherever I go , I am ready to make an impact . The HR department here in Houston wants me to entertain other opportunities within Houston and they have brought some things before me today . I had also considered staying and building the Ercot business here , as there is a huge need for leadership in this area . However , Real Time roles are very hard to shed around here and I am apprehensive about being a Commercial Director managing Real Time . I have no doubt that I could make a huge difference here , but a lot of time would have to be wasted defending the group and myself . Anyway , I wish we could sit down , have a beer and discuss , but that's probably not practical . Belden says to talk with you about the needs of the floor and get some idea where the ideal fit might be . I know that you are out of the office , but give me an e-mail when you get a chance . Thanks ,
Amy , Hope everything is going well with you . I dont know if Tim has talked with you , but I am considering returning to Portland . I am talking with Wolfe and Tim , but I would like to keep things low key . I know this all seems pretty weird , but my situation has changed so drastically that I have some major , immediate decisions to make . Basically , the East Desk wants me to build a team in Real Time , similar to how we did it in Portland . Unfortunately , that was not the job I agreed to take ( always get it in writing - I never could) . Had I known that it was a similar position to what I had , I never would have left . Anyway , Kim Melodick wants me to consider opportunities within Enron Houston and I have agreed to give her a week to see if a fit exists . She is easy to work with and is being very helpful . However , I have expressed to Kevin and Kim that my first preference would be to return to Portland . I have given this some thought and believe that taking the Real Time position would not be a good move for me , given the atmosphere here . I would like to have a new perspective on this if you have time to converse . I would appreciate any feedback that you can give me . Thanks , I
Bart , Jeff passed on your e-mail . Too bad about the beetles . Is that the Taylor High School Mascot ? "Taylor , home of the fighting beetles,"... . Go beetles ! I think you are right about Ercot being difficult to set up , but it just reemphasizes the need for you; they need an organizer and this situation fits your strengths . Well , enough about you , let's talk about me............. . the Entergy gig was made more difficult , as I received NO training in cash trading . After a couple of months , a coworker took me in and gave me some pointers on hedging , which is especially important in my region . The month of May was very profitable , finally , and things were coming together until......... . ( Please keep this confidential ) Presto called me in to tell me that I was moving to Ercot as Manager of the Real Time group , his decision being final , no negotiations . ( thanks for your understanding , bunghole) . I had previously turned down several attempts to bring me back to Texas in this capacity and I expressed that I was less than happy with his decision . I think that Ercot will be busy and a worthwhile region to be involved with , given that we have retail load to service , etc . However , thats not the job that I agreed to move 3000 miles for . I suspect other changes would ensue , once I established this region . So . It looks like I will be returning to Portland . We bought a new house here and are very happy with everything , except my job ( which is a huge thing) . I may be working West Mid Mkt SW or doing something with the Service Desk . I dont mind doing anything as long as it's productive . Anyway , I was pissed in the beginning , but I had to take time to digest this , analyze the opportunity and make an informed unemotional decision . I am too deep in the ( out of the money ) options to cut and run , so it now boils down to where do I want to live . There is interest outside of the company in me , but I am under contract . I miss Portland and I think about it all the time . I must be a mountain man at heart . Well , let me know if you have any thoughts on the above . Once again , I dont wish to have this get out to anyone on the West desk , just yet . I heard that you did really well on your home sale . That's awesome . Maybe I can buy back my house and my boat . ( just kidding) . I am actually more concerned about buying another boat than I am a house . How is your housing in Taylor ? I miss the beer in PDX , boating and the winter bowling . It is freaking hot here in Texas ! Anyway , keep kicking butt and keep those Texans in line !
Kim , My relo expenses have not been turned in as yet . Do I turn those in to you ? I am due the closing costs , etc . due to my move from Portland . Also , Johnny Palmer was very pleasant to speak with . I appreciate the effort that you have made in trying to generate interest in me from the inside . Johnny , however , was not optimistic that he had anything available for a Director level position . I have been talking with Portland ( Greg Wolfe , Tim Belden , and Amy Fitzpatrick ) If nothing opens up here by Wednesday , I need to get out to the West and start training so that I can make some money for the company . I am still building , staffing , & trading for the Ercot region , but I am eager to go quickly if no one wants me in Houston . Thanks !
Brett , Have heard that Platter was given trading responsibility on EOL for offpeak California and other markets . I heard he has done an awesome job and Richter & the gang are really happy with him . He is motivated and challenged , which is what he needed . As far as timing , I dont know yet . Could be next week or next month . I kind of wanted to work on the Ercot desk , but not for Presto . Anyway , keep in touch you wino .
Kim , I spoke with Cammi Mursch with the outside relo company . She said she is handling my account and I should send her my expenses for reimbursement . I think that this will take care of me . Thanks ,
Linus , check this out: Go under Texas City and you can get some good webcam action , wind speed and direction . Also , you can call one of the bait camps and get directions .
The opportunity here has been enhanced; in addition to Managing RT , I would be managing all of the Service Assets in Texas . This includes trading around a 500 mw plant , serving EES and New Power Company loads , and also the potential for managing a new 1500 mw full requirements deal . Of course , I would have to have all of this in writing . I would be working with the Texas Term trader to enhance my trading skills in order to effectively manage this position . This makes the offer more attractive , but still I would be in Houston . I am still apprehensive of the bait & switch exposure . What do you think ?
Please note that when you start/stop a schedule to or from the following control areas , the listed static scheduling fee applies . For example , if we schedule for one hour from BEC>COA , the one-time charge for scheduling alone would be a flat $65 . Also applicable would be the per mw line losses and the wheeling fee of $.22 .  Please account for all such charges in the P&L report . Thanks ,
Andrea , Please see the attached spreadsheet for Friday . All of the deals listed have been moved to Teco Services for this day only . We entered a buy ( which is an estimate of the cost of gen ) and the appropriate sales . We need to talk about how this gets reconciled . I would like to know the detail of this transaction . I know that not everything has been discussed with this account , so I would like to discuss it . I am positive that I need to change all deals for over the weekend . We had some length for this customer that was sold hourly . I assume that everything from now on will be entered under Teco Services for this account . Can you think of any exceptions ? I will let you know when the weekend is complete . Thanks ,
I still have a need for an Analyst within the group , preferably for a one year rotation . Thanks ,
Clinton , Due to the flood , our phones rolled over to the Portland office on Saturday . Geir Solberg sold hours 13-15 , 230 mw's each hour to CSCS for $25 . I have entered the deals today and they are as follows: Frontera , deal no . 644515 , entered under Teco Services book AEP deal no . 644529 , also entered under Teco Services . I dont know how the reconciliation of this Services book takes place . I am working on some procedures and need some input . Lets party ,
Lloyd , Do I need to input security requests for this guy to get Enpower , telephone , etc ?
IM SURE GLAD THAT THE CONCERT WAS CANCELLED BECAUSE I HAD THE WORST HANGOVER EVER . CHECK THESE ;PHOTOS OUT !
Was Tom pissed ? Whats up ?
Can I get a copy of your group's expectations ? I need to also discuss with you the duties of all the night guys . As I understand it , they all pitch in to do confirms and they unofficially cross-train in other regions . What about reconciliation reports - what is required ? What other reports need to be tied out - the Sched Activity report vs . the P&L sheet ?
Michael , we checked with Reliant personnel and they dont know anything abuot the fees that we discussed . That's not suprising , however . Does Reliant bill this directly or does the Ercot ISO bill this to us ? What is the reason for this fee ? Thanks ,
Hey Lloyd , As you know , Joe and Steve spent a considerable amount of time here last weekend due to the flood . I would think that some recognition would be in order . How about a personal best of $500 , or a gift certificate , etc. ? What do you think ?
cool
FYI
Please see the attached site . The logon for this is: ljester password is: 38zpzz You can copy existing Oasis requests or create new .
Here it is. .
Okay , so we now have a procedure . I will broadcast to the group and see that it is implemented . I still havent completed all of their discrepancy checkout . I have been working nights through the weekend and tonite . I will address these on Tuesday . Clint will be helping me to resolve these and future issues . Thanks ,
I agreed to stay through the end of the year ( February ) to get this project off of the ground . What I get in return is the responsibilty of trading around our assets in Texas , a 500 mw unit , Frontera , and a 100 mw heat rate call from the City of Austin . I have asked that these responsibilities be officially committed to writing . It is too late in the year for me to move to Portland , get out and make a contribution for the summer . These guys are in terrible shape here , and I am needed . I report to Lloyd Will , who is a great guy . I am working with Doug Gilbert-Smith , who is the Ercot Term trader . He has agreed to share some of his knowledge with me and I am spending time with the gen group to learn more about the steel . I will be working with Miller and Smith ( weeeeeelllll? ) This was the best option for me at this time , and also for the company . I will be leaving the main office in February , whether it is with Enron or not . I would prefer to stay with the company , as my options are worth zero at the moment . We still want to return to Portland , but right now I am needed here . Thanks for checking . Let me know when you are coming down , but dont bring your sweater . Hope things are going well for you and your group . I'll give you a call later and tell you what's what . ( hey , I never used to say that - you were stereotyping) . Later ,
The turrrets are programmed in the order of personal preference . However , you can use someone's while they are gone . I will get you access to Watt's or Eric's . Thanks ,
Juan , Check this out:
We have four direct lines to the Ercot ISO that have been installed on each of your turrets . As an ISO participant , we are required to be staffed 24-7 to handle any request from the ISO concerning our generation , or to handle contingencies related to our preschedules . If any of these lines should ring , we need to be sure to pick it up . Ercot may just be testing our responsiveness , or ,  they may have a specific question about the mock market that is taking place now . Any questions that cannot be immediately answered should be relayed to Smith Day or myself . We will be installing hardware soon that will receive generation instructions from the ISO . For RT purposes , this will be used for billing purposes . Any action ordered by the ISO will also be communicated to the Control room simultaneously . They will be responsible for the actual dispatch of the unit . We will be announcing a meeting soon to describe our new Ercot world and to exchange ideas . I would also like to have a session with the group to explain the logic behind the reports we are responsible and to explain how the whole floor works . This can be a broad overview , or we can drill down to specifics at your request . Thanks for your attention .
Remember how bad T.A . reported that we all were on putting cuts into the system , enpower work , reconciliation , etc . ?  THESE GUYS DO NONE OF THAT - NO ONE EVEN KNOWS HOW . Settlements is working hard , but TA doesnt say a word to the RT traders here , as it would be political suicide . That's why she turned toward us . She is supposed to be our rep to the ISO , and I talked to her , explaining my expectations . She was squirming about saying that she or Rebecca wouldnt know the answers . Im cool with that , but cant you find out ? Everything is such a big struggle here . Im not coming until February at the earliest . I am an Oregonian . The freaking mosquitos are terrible now that the floodwaters have subsided . I forgot about that bit of joy . Later ,
That's allright , go ahead and cancel my order . Thanks ,
As you know , the Frontera status screen goes away at night , as the flat screens are taken down . You can find the same screen on the East Power Portal under Frontera Production Summary . Save the attached link if you dont have already .
Lloyd , Thanks for your help on this issue . Sorry for the delayed response . I think I have my facts somewhat straight , but I am available to answer questions .
Just a quick note to acknowledge the great job that Geir Solberg did in helping our office out during Tropical storm Allison . Our phone lines , computers and cell phones were down . Additionally , we were short staffed due to floodwaters downtown . One of our service customers , Teco , wanted to sell some test power in South Texas . Geir was contacted via satellite phone . He sold 230 megawatts each hour to AEP . He used the proper terminology unique to Ercot and sold the energy at a decent price . He maintained good , detailed notes and was able to relay this information to me the following Monday . Most importantly , this was a seamless transaction to the customer . Again , thanks for the help .
Whoa , that is way too high for yesterday . Please hold the presses before this gets billed to us .
Amy , I have elected to stay in Houston until at least February . It is so late in the year , that I may not be immediately effective in the West and I would have "lost" the first part of this year , as I was training ( myself) . There is a huge need for me here and I am trying to do what's right for both E and myself . To that end , Lloyd Will has offered me an opportunity to trade around Enron's assets in Texas , learning the term trading side of the business from Doug Gilbert-Smith . Both Doug and Lloyd know my circumstances and their proposal gets me the experience that I need , while they get my experience in Services , training & managing a team and making money in a pool type market , as exists in Texas . These opportunities were presented to me only after I stated emphatically that I was returning to Portland . I would still like to live in Portland as early as February . I realize that a seat wont be held open for anyone , and I will revisit this issue in Feb . This compromise seems reasonable . I have asked that this be committed to writing , so I am editing what Lloyd has created concerning job responsibilities . Additionally , most junior people are dissatisfied here and the bottom line reason: they dont know how their job relates to the entire floor making money . This explanation to them and an acknowledement of their contribution will bring the ideas forth from the "back corner." The senior traders say aloud that they dont need anyone , and they will make their money with or without help . A particular trader antagonizes until someone stands up to him , then he has them sent home . I think that there are three Real Timers at home at full pay right now . One or two will be paid for two years , or so I'm told . This type behavior is allowed as the trader makes a great amount of money for the company . This is not an unusual occurence on trade floors , but I will not be any part of it . I am going to spend this time to try to make some difference in this culture . If we dont get buy in from the top , I will also be at risk of going home . Some of these guys just dont get it . There are , however , many positives to staying here: the guys I report to are like-minded concerning the above . They are very competent and have a lot to teach & they are willing to teach . I am excited about learning something new and also being able to lead a team . Well , thanks for listening to my sermon , sister Amy . My wife and I miss Portland and will probably be back next year . Hopefully there will still be opportunity for me at that time . If you have any thoughts or advice , please share , as I have alot of exposure this year , due to the move and subsequent reorg . Later ,
Always up for coffee !
good thought , I sent a separate e-mail to Tim Belden , Greg Wolfe and Geir's supervisor Bill Williams III .
Chris , I think we already discussed this issue but let me summarize what I think happened: we were parking 50 mw's with COB . We sold 50 to Reliant/HLP , but the transmission got cut . 3 mw's flowed on Oasis 9337 to Reliant . We show in the system that we are purchasing 50 mw's from COB and selling them 47 . So , I dont think that we needed to bookout 3 mw's with HLP . They received 3 mw's from City of Bryan on deal #625291 . You entered a bookout purchase on deal #625352 . Oasis also shows that 3 mw's flowed on #9337 . So once again , we have an extra purchase from HLP that we didnt need . Did you negotiate this with HLP ? Is this what happened ? I'll talk to you about this tonight . Thanks , MW
Lisa , I will be out of the office for one half day on Friday and a full day on Monday . Can you list my Monday time as my floating holiday ? I will obviously not be able to attend the meeting at 3pm , but I am available by cell .
cool , I can meet for coffee anytime . Lunch is tough , but I will keep in touch . Thanks ,
I have one half day of vacation tomorrow and I'm out on Monday . As you can see , I am still a slacker . No , really we havent been anywhere since we moved back in January . we are going to Austin this weekend to play some golf . Houston is not that scenic , so I'm heading out .
I am very interested and I will be available at any time for training .
Hey , what's the latest in the service world ? I am working with Tom May on services in Ercot in addition to my Ercot ISO duties . How does the price cap crap work ? Does this have opportunity for us on the service side or does this kick us in the face ?
Lloyd , Would it make sense to press our EES/West Point guys to a decision ? We should express that we want to hire internally , however , we do have external candidates that we are considering . The Reliant guy , Ryan Thomas , was a good interview and seems to have something positive to prove . I believe that HR has some specific questions that they wish us to ask regarding his employment at Reliant . Also , EES is petitioning Kevin for me to let Watt's go right now . I have indicated to Terry Donavan that mid July would be preferable due to our being already short staffed . Let me know your thoughts on this when you get the chance . I will be out of the office for half day Friday and all day on Monday . Thanks !
talking with bryan right now . done before weekend .
Greetings - I have attached the most basic expectations for our group . We have been spending a lot of time balancing the books lately , and the attached will relieve some of this , so we can focus on trading . I will make sure that we receive balanced books from Day ahead trading/scheduling . Also , make an effort to know why we run reports , etc . so that you can make suggestions to streamline this operation . I will provide more documented general procedures and will spend time with each of you on how to handle cuts in Enpower and Lotus Notes . We have a good group and we will do well in the new market . However , this will take an extra effort from each of us . If you have questions about any of the expectations , ask . That is why we make the list . Thanks ,
CHECK IT OUT . IF YOU TRADE DAYS WITH ANYONE , MAKE SURE THEY HAVE A SIMILAR SKILLSET . IE , DONT TRADE WITH THE NEW GUY TO FILL A NIGHT SHIFT ALONE . THANKS !
Thank you ,
Find the attached files and links:
Yes I can . I have already started working on this . Chris Watts will help me get this sorted out ultimately . Sorry for the imbalance . You should see drastic improvement from our side effective immediately . Have a good weekend .
Chris , I had tried to reconstruct Sunday the 24th based upon your notes , but was unsuccessful . I am going to need you to spend some time straightening this out . Enpower is out of balance and the books are as well . Risk management/Settlements wants this balanced , as we cannot tie out with our customers . We will probably need to restore Enpower to precut status , then initiate the proper deal entry to handle the cuts that came in . You mention inadvertancy in your Notes , but I dont know the particulars of this problem . I'm sure you are aware that every cut needs to be reflected in Enpower . If you were in balance when you arrived for your shift , then you should be in balance when you leave . The Real Time position manager is used to check whether this happened or not . Give me a call to straighten this out .
Lloyd , This is the guy I was talking about last week . Kevin seemed to think he would be good on the retail side . I can answer any questions that may arise , or ,  I can put you in touch with Saji . Thanks ,
Please see the attached list . If you have questions , please call . Thanks ,
Alex , Please see the logon for the "traditional" Ercot oasis listed below . Use this login until the Ercot ISO is in effect .
You have been invited to attend a team building outing that is sponsored by the Service Desk . Game time is usually around 7:05 pm and we will be having drinks at Cabo around 5 pm . I hope that you can make it . Let me know by this Friday , June 6th , whether you will attend . Thanks , Lets party
We have created a quick quide to do QSE trades through the Ercot Portal . This initial guide should get you started , however , this is not a comprehensive handout that contemplates every situation . I am asking you to read the rules and implement a trade using the Portal . As you have noticed , our counterparties have already started trading two hours out . We will be trading paralell until the ISO rolls out for Friday . This means that you will have to submit the "traditional" Ercot Oasis and also submit the QSE trade . We must monitor to make sure that our counterparties have submitted their matching QSE trades , as well . Otherwise we will be out of balance with Ercot . A copy of our QSE quide will be in your inbox . Make sure that you read/ study it and ASK QUESTIONS . Thanks ,
Chris , Good questions: 1 . You are fine using Ercot System as the delivery opint until the Ercot ISO opens on July 20th . Subsequent to that , we will enter the appropriate zone for each purchase or sale as West , North or South Zone . If we wish to schedule mw's across a path , ie South to North , we will need to create an Ercot transmission deal to link south>north . We do not actually do an Ercot Oasis , etc , to buy this transmission , rather , this is a way to reflect the desired pathing internally . Risk Management is creating this internal transmission counterparty for us . I will let you know what it is called . 2 . The positions that we manage for Frontera/Teco Services should not be reflected in the P&L sheet , as we had been doing . My fault for not knowing the process as agreed to previously with Settlements & Risk Mgmt . We are to keep these deals in the Services P&L sheet , as Real Time has done for MDEA . The location for this spreadsheet is: We will request access to this tool for everyone . Thanks ,
Dave , its good to hear from you . We are in Houston and its hot ! My wife is doing great and we are still trying to get used to life in Houston . I am trading in Ercot region ( Texas ) and , of course , Brett is now working at the ISO . MY WIFE AND I MISS PORTLAND Working in the main office isnt as much fun as working in Portland . There is a good chance that I will return to PDX , as there are so many good people there and so much to do outdoors . So , tell me what you are doing now in Phoenix . Everyone that I've met from SRP has been very nice , ( Perry , John Sullivan , etc.) . Hope you enjoy working there and all is well with your family .
Bobby , I came really , really close to coming back to Portland . I was recently asked to help get the Ercot ( TEXAS ) region off of the ground by organizing , training and motivating the Real Time group . I declined initially , as I had previously turned this job down from Portland . I came to Houston to trade cash . Bait and Switch . Anyway , I was looking to return to PDX to work in Mid Mkt or Services , wherever I could have an impact ( positive impact , jackie) . Once I expressed to Houston that my bags were packed , more opportunity presented itself; I am going to get experience in managing our assets in Texas . We have an agreement with Teco to manage a 480 mw combined cycle facility in South Texas . We have some other interesting arrangements as well . I will be working with Doug Gilbert-Smith , who is the term trader in Ercot . Good , solid technical guy . These guys are in a tight spot and due to the timing of all of this , I agreed to finish the rest of the year in Houston and get this thing up and running . Ercot is currently not short nor volatile . Not much fun yet , we'll see how the pool works . I am working with Smith and Jeff Miller as well . For all of its sound , fury and ego's the Houston office is actually disorganized and short on morale . My transition could have been handled better by a monkey man . My gut tells me that if I stay with the company , I will be moving back to Portland early next year if they will have me . Let me know when you will be in town and I'll set up some golf and margaritas . No boat anymore , I'm bumming a ride with my friends . Later ,
Dave , I should have been more specific; Brett is working at the Ercot ISO , near Austin Texas . His e-mail address is below . Thanks ,
My desk is available for training purposes at night or weekends . However , I am missing my notebook and my tradelog . Frequently things are moved and I have a hard time finding such items as listed above . If you use my desk and you need to move my notebook , etc . then place them in my desk drawer or somewhere else that makes sense . Thanks ,
You are done on those dates . Thanks for being specific . Sorry that Johnny had not spoken with me , but it will work out okay . It seemed like you were needing some additional days off in July ? Is that right ? Hope your training with Errigo went well this weekend .
This is good info to know .
Smitty , I havent been aware that we were to be "on notice" and ready to submit practice schedules to ISO . This is a great training opportunity . Are we supposed to be ready today and if yes , for what ?
Ercot hourly will need four tickets for thursday's game . The attendees: Eric Saibi Alex McElreath Myself Steve Olinde Thanks ,
Tom , I am available: July 11th & 12th . July 23-27th . Also the 30th & 31st . I am available most anytime in Augie , as I havent put together the shift schedule yet .
I will be out of the office this Friday , next Monday and Tuesday . I will be taking some vacation days . I will be checking in and I will be available by cell phone . thanks ,
I agree and will make the arrangements .
Tony , My logon and password : Thanks ,
Check out this site . Dont look for job opportunities , however .
Settlements and Risk have blessed our version of the procedures . Now we need to run this by Teco . Should I call Frank Busot to discuss , or is this an item for discussion in the meeting on Tuesday ? We have already received their invoice for June and they have again invoiced us at the sales price , rather than the minimum market price . I will be involving Clint in the reconciliation to give him some exposure to this side . What do you think ?
Can you price a flight for me to Tampa that would leave from Hobby airport ? The meetnig is on Tuesday and I could leave either Monday night or Tuesday morning . I could take an afternoon flight from Tampa to Houston Hobby . Thanks, .
Brett , I have a business question , for a change . Ercot load is forecast to be as high as 46,124 for hour ending 1200 today . The actual printed from the website is less than 43,000 . I know that there is South to North congestion , but is this actual load right ? Is interruptible load being curtailed due to the congestion or is their rain somewhere that isnt showing on our weathermap ? Any help you can give would be appreciated . I dont think that this is proprietary info or anything . I am trying to see if the forecast is worthless . Thanks ,
Please make the following arrangements for me in order to join Tom and Jeff in Tampa for the Teco meeting: 7/16 - Depart Hobby to Tampa at 7:50pm flight . Stay at Hyatt - Jeff Miller has made the arrangements already . 7/17 - Depart Tampa 4:30 , arrive Houston 6:35pm . I will be calling on Friday to check on this . Remember , I will be on vacation Friday and Monday . I was scheduled to take Tuesday off , but I will have to attend this meeting . Please do not schedule a vacation day for me on Tuesday . Thanks ,
Thanks for remembering me . Hope everythnig is well with you too !
Lloyd , a couple of questions: Will Joe Capasso be aggreeable to start in my group on August 1st ? That would be awesome . Let me know if I can help with anything on this What is the status of the personal best award recommendation for Errigo and Olinde ? Thanks ,
Please use the following: Office - 813-228-4907 ( should roll over to his cell after hours ) second line in home: 813-634-7772 We have had problems locating Jerry on occasion in order to affect schedule changes . He lives in a rural area and his cell phone doesnt always work . In these instances , we tried to contact the plant to instruct them to increase/decrease generation . They have refused in the past , as they were only to receive instruction from Jerry . The plant should now be aware that this communication problem can exist and will be receptive to making generation changes per our instructions .
Lloyd , here is another Bryan guy . Pretty much the same length of service as Kevin .
Stephanie McHargue will be backing up Jerry Watson this weekend . She will be another contact person available to us if we cannot contact Jerry . Her numbers: cell: 813-293-0700 home: 727-522-6741 pager: 813-266-8044 Remember to call her this weekend with any Frontera changes . Thanks ,
Alex doesnt have access to Lotus Notes . Can we get a request in for him ? We use Notes to communicate within the Scheduling and RT groups . Thanks ,
From time to time we have applicants from other shops that interview with our desk for RT trading , scheduling , or other positions . If you recognize someone from another firm , or know who they are , do not discuss their interest in Enron with anyone else . Recently , we have had two applicants who have reported that others at their firm knew that they had interviewed with Enron . Both felt that someone in this shop had discussed their visit here . Totally unacceptable . I have to ensure that this information is not coming from my group , hence this note . Common sense would dictate that discretion is necessary in these situations . If you have any feedback on this situation I would like to hear it . Thanks for your attention to this very important issue .
Steve , Check this out- does this have any truth to it ?
Corry , Can you add me as a trader in Enpower under Ercot Asset ? Also , please add Alex McElreath as a trader under Teco Services . Additionally , Alex is not able to get into Lotus Notes and , ultimately , East Power Scheduling Discussion . Jeff Miller needs access to East Power discussion - he has Lotus Notes . Thanks ,
Lloyd , I spoke with Steve directly about Kevin's e-mail and concerns . Steve said that Dan of C.O.B contacted him , inquiring about job opportunities here . Steve did mention to Dan that "someone" from their shop had already inquired . He was not specific . Dan , evidently , figured who this was ( not very hard ) and spread the word at the COB office . Subsequently , Dan and Brandon sent their resumes . I have spoken directly with Steve about this issue . I also have put out a note to the group which I copied you on . Clearly , this is unacceptable and Steve has apologized . How do you feel about this: if we hire Kevin , then this problem somewhat goes away . I need someone immediately and Kevin could be plugged right in , similar to Alex . I know that Kevin may not be a solid fit for the trader track program , but I am needing some help pretty quick . Let me know - sorry for the very awkward situation .
Had to copy you on this......dont be offended , my friend is from Shreveport .
Jerry , Take a look and check to see if I missed anything . Also , I would assume that you have some additional energy to sell for hour ending 7&8 and he 22 . Is that true ? Thanks ,
Jerry , Lets try this one:
I am scheduled to be out of the office for a few days in late August . The dates are specifically 8/22 , 23 and 24th . Thanks ,
Lloyd , Do you have time to meet with George at noon today ? I am going to talk with him again at this time .
Michael , how do you know which deals are the options if they are entered as forwards ? I input into the comments , but I was about to ask how these options get trued up . Thanks ,
Hour ending 3 for 5 mw's has been confirmed with HLP . HE 3 was 60 mw's originally , but was cut intra hour . The integrate mw's are 10mw'w and are reflected on revised oasis request 4405 . HLP agrees with this .
Amy , How's it going ? I was wondering how Jeremy was doing . Is there anything I can help with on an "unofficial" basis ? It would seem that he has a decision to make , though I havent heard of his progress lately . Did you have your vacation yet ?
Lloyd , George has departed for his planned vacation . He will be back on the 30th , per his voice mail . I bring him in at that time .
Please see the attached that weve discussed . Please note what is contained on the sheets on the bottom of the tool . Thanks ,
We must notify the Control room ( GENCO ) personnel concerning any deviation from the preschedule . For example , when we have availability , or even "must sell" situations off of Frontera , the Control Room must revise their Resource Plan . They need to revise in order to prevent an Area Control Error problem . They have the same deadline ( two hours before hour ending ) that we face in submitting QSE trades - give them timely info so that they can get their side in . For now , you can use the Stento ( dial 5 432 ) or telephone 877-294-3900 . Of course , you can just knock on the door . In Ercot only , we are allowed to exchange information with the control room . No other region has this capability . Thanks ,
Pete , Do me a favor; e-mail me your question and I'll work to get an "official" answer . Remember that although we will get an answer , the invoice may appear somewhat different . Of course , the tariff overrules any answer that we may receive . Thanks ,
The internet address for the Ercot Portal:
Samuel , Please add the following names to the list of traders that have access to the new Ercot Imbalance and EPMI Ercotpool counterparties: Eric Saibi Alex McElreath Joe Errigo Steve Olinde Joe Capasso Jeff Miller We will need to add more in the near future . Please let me know when this is completed . Thanks ,
George , Give me a call and we will further discuss opportunities on the 13st floor . Thanks ,
When do you want to come ? The wife and I are expecting you and Richter this week . I will be working some nasty hours this week due to the new market opening . Let me know.... .
Lloyd , We received this from Preston . Everyone on this distribution list would assume that EES is waiting on information from us . We are still awaiting meaningful data from Narsimha/Preston . I am going to discuss this with Narsimha . I feel like a reply is warranted , as we are making no headway on this project . I fear for Preston if he is to work with me in the future .
Lloyd , FYI
Rogers , Customers call quite often to inquire about Retail Service . Is there a single contact person that we can transfer them to ? I talk to someone different each time from EES . I'd like to get a procedure in place for the floor so no one gets lost frmo the outside . Let me know what you think ,
Hourly deals should be under Teco SVC the majority of the time . However , at times Enron's option ( under Ercot Asset book ) will be long into the Real Time market . This is Frontera generation , but Enron bought it in the form of the option . You will see deals of this type for today under the Ercot Asset . So hourly deals: Teco Services - 99% of time
ception:insert: Severity: E , Code: 500 Context: Class: BalancedSchedule DAYLIGATION_MW: null RECEIVER: null RECEIVER_TY: null RCMZONE: null RRS_TYPE: null DYNAMIC: F RESOURCE_MW: null PROVIDER: null PROVIDER_TY: null PCMZONE:ER: null PROVIDER_TY: null PCMZONE: null OBLIGATION_MW: 100 RECEIVER: 04322IGATION_MW: null RECEIVER: null RECEIVER_TY: null RCMZONE: null RRS_TYPE: n: null RCMZONE: null RRS_TYPE: null DYNAMIC: F RESOURCE_MW: null PROVIDER: _MW: null RECEIVER: null RECEIVER_TY: null RCMZONE: null RRS_TYPE: null DYNMZONE: null RRS_TYPE: null DYNAMIC: F RESOURCE_MW: null PROVIDER: null PROVRCE_MW: null PROVIDER: null PROVIDER_TY: null PCMZONE: null OBLIGATION_MW: DYNAMIC: F Message: AT [20010801 0908] the day ahead Market IS NOT OPEN TO receive schedules OF TYPE [ENE] FOR [20010801 1015] 2001-08-01 09:09:10: [Submitted] Error encountered submitting to database .
Lloyd , I received this from Preston . It appears now that they wish to choose the customers that will switch . We were of the understanding that we were to pick the customer based upon the information that EES was to provide . We havent received the necessary information , so no choice has been made yet . Please see the attached and let me know your comments .
Scott , I heard that the TPC was in decent shape . Are you planning on playing on Saturday in the morning or afternoon ? How many people do you have in the group ?
See the attached megawatt awards for tomorrow . We are talking with the Ercot staff regarding the settlement of this and the OOM ( Out of Merit ) decrease for today . It is our understanding , per the protocols , that when we are dispatched down the ISO keeps our $35 scheduled sale whole . We are paid this revenue stream ( by our sale counterparty ) PLUS the greater of: the applicable balancing energy price for that hour or zero . If you are decreased by 50 mw's for an hour you receive: $35 sale + balancing $33.50 = 68.50/mw for not running your plant . For the capacity tomorrow , We will reserve the mw's below and possibly sell the rest . The Resource Plan is increased to reflect 400 mw's plus the awarded megs for each hour . The EMS will only show 400 mw until we get deployed . At the time of deployment , we also receive the balancing energy price for the hour exercised . We bid in a Non-spin product which requires us to respond within 30 " . They can take partial hours , at their option . I hope this helps . Director , EPMI
Jerry , Please disregard the explanation of the OOM power settlement . The ISO called us at 7:15 pm and explained a different scenario altogether . We need to discuss this further . Sorry for the confusion .
Ben , Could you come by , I have a question about rearranging our phone turrets . Thanks ,
Scott , The wife is out of town until Saturday night . I can play alot of golf on Saturday , but I need to spend time with the wife on Sunday . I will be available for the golf marathon on Saturday . I have one player for Saturday morning , but I dont have a player for Sat . afternoon yet , although I have another co-worker who is interested . Should I fill this spot as well ?
youre an animal
cant even go to the head . thanks for the offer anyway .
Ben , as discussed , please move the four Ercot lines to the front page for the listed people below . Also , to the extent possible , add the E lines . These guys are prioritized as follows: John Forney Eric Saibi Steve Olinde Joe Capasso ( new to group ) Alex McElreath Jeff Miller Smith Day Joe Errigo
I purchased a gas deal , 10,000 mmbtud - HSC for 7/10-7/31 for $3.15 . I bought this through Doug G-S . Wont you take the final prints for each day and calc profitability for me , or how do you do this ? Please give me some money
HOW WAS THE TRADITION COURSE ? ARE YOU GOLFED OUT YET ? I DIDNT DO ANYTHING SATURDAY NIGHT .
Rebecca , We have heard that the resource imbalance was pretty high . We will discuss this with you . We definitely dont want to talk to Teco/Frontera until we get a handle on this . We will come by this afternoon .
I left you a request over a week ago concerning clarification of your question . Could you please present your question in written form as a reply to this e-mail ? If I cannot answer the question , then I will get an answer from our Ercot Rep . The Ercot Settlement Statements have just arrived and we are breaking them down to ensure that they Protocols are being followed . This is what is complicated as Ercot doesnt yet know their own rules . Let me know what you have .
Johnny , What is the status of George ? I think that you have been speaking with Lloyd Will concerning bringing him over from EES . George is inquiring about his status and wants to know whether he should mention anything to EES . I would think not , at this time . Lloyd is out of town until Monday , so I am trying to follow up on his behalf . Thanks ,
Johnny , I just received this from Lloyd . I dont want to cause any double coverage by HR , so you might want to check with Kim . Thanks !
Mark , I called earlier today and left a lengthy phone message........sorry about that - we had a trading issue in the middle of my conversation with you . Anyway , I received the following question from some of our Retail folks . If you could help answer this question I would really appreciate it . Jeff Miller and I are planning to visit Austin next Friday to discuss Settlements . We look forward to meeting you . Are you a golfer ? We may try to play Friday afternoon .
Here you go: There is no banking mechanism . If A&B are net long , they receive the balancing energy price for all of their mw's . If C & D are short , then their short position is covered by the Ercot ISO; C & D are charged the balancing energy price plus replacement reserve /mw . If the money , at the end of the day , is insufficient to pay A&B , then this full cost will be allocated on a load share ratio basis . This charge will be allocated under the UFE ( unaccounted for energy ) charge type . If C & D serve load , then they will share the expense of paying for the balancing energy price to A & B . A & B escapes this expense allocation , as they do not serve load .
Kim , Keenon has been recommended to Doug as a possiblity in RT . I think our roster has been filled out , however , I had promised this guy an interview before I knew that Lloyd had lifted some people . Can we schedule an interview with Keenon , as I think that he is a strong prospect . I will send you a copy of his resume via office mail . He can be reached at 713-410-2255 . Please let me know what you think . Thanks ,
Doug , I am planning on attending this settlements deal; we plan on meeting Mark Patterson there . [Forney , John M.] I am planning on attending
Rebecca , pls see the attached for our expectation of imbalance for 8/2 .
Ercot is now requiring that we fill out and fax the attached form to them when we have imported/exported across one of the DC ties . The file is located in: Please update tag number , megawatts ( positive for exports , negative for imports) , and total number of schedules .
Thanks Lance , I have a question: on the Ercot transmission outage page , the TU Bellmead station is listed as having trouble - the buss is damaged due to storm . Is this the reason that there are TU CSC's , as mentioned on the Ercot conference call ? The station is to be out until August 10th . We have had a significant price split and I think that this might be the specific reason . I have tried powerworld , but I couldnt turn off this station . What do you think ?
Attention: The Ercot ISO has been settling our trades scheduled to the North by giving us the West or South Balancing Energy price . We have officially disputed this allocation , as we believe that we would , at most , incur a load deviation imbalance in the North zone ( to be settled in the North) . Again , a purchase in the South scheduled to our load in the North is receiving the South or West prices . We are awaiting Ercot's explanation . Until further notice , do not schedule energy from the South or West to the North . You may still engage in intrazonal , or same zone , trades ( QSE to QSE )  . What IS permitted is imported from outside Ercot into the North zone . The DC tie is in the North and we should stay aggressive , working with the SPP team to secure transmission to and from Ercot . When in doubt , wake me up . Update: At 6 pm , our Rep from Ercot agreed that the schedule mentioned above should have load imbalance assessed at the NORTH price . However , I still cannot accept his answer as the gospel , as any written interpretation of their tariff will always overrule our guy . I will advise when it is safe to re-enter the water , but for now: EVERYBODY OUT OF THE POOL !
NEVER FEED STRAY ANIMALS - THEY KEEP COMING BACK
We are required to input down balancing bids for all generators that we represent . Every morning it is especially important that we have a DBES bid input for Frontera . We should have balancing bids in for all hours , but we are most likely to be deployed in the morning hours . We are required to monitor the Deployment instructions and communicate any instructions to Jerry Watson @ Teco/Frontera . Frontera is willing to pay a max of $10 to decrease their gen . This bid tells Ercot that we are willing to pay up to $10 for Ercot to fill our schedule during the time that we are being "balanced down." We should never see prices below $10 without being deployed down . If this situation happens , we have to explain to Frontera why we didnt get selected by the ISO . This is an important part of the Services side of our business , and is the only way that we get paid on these type transactions . If anyone has any questions on this , please give me a call as this is very important to all of us.'
Lloyd , Do you want to answer George's questions , or do you want me to handle this ?
Samuel , The traders listed above are not valid in Enpower as traders under the following books: Ercot Hourly Teco Services Please have them added asap , or if you could , let me know who is responsible for making this change . Thanks Samuel ,
Take a look at this , add or format (  add to letterhead , etc ) as necessary . Let me know what you think .
I will not be in the office on Thursday or Friday . I will be attending a meeting in Austin .
I will be attending Ercot meetings in Austin Thursday and Friday of this week . I can be reached by cell phone . Thanks ,
Please see the attached Thanks ,
doing well in the book . spread options coming in well , real time going very well . same old stuff . very much deja vu . golf is very good , as I get to play more often . how is it going for you ?
I can meet with Keenon today or tomorrow . I will be out of the office Wed-Fri . Thanks ,
1.00 PM IS FINE
Ercot has a problem that could cause us great financial pain: Sometimes when we are submitting an hourly schedule , through the Ercot Portal , the Day-ahead schedules are affected . Mismatches for every counterparty occur . We are subject to the hourly price for mismatches and this could prove extremely costly , even for one hour . Eric Saibi spoke with the Ercot help desk who indicated that the problem was on our side . I called Ercot and after some time , they relayed that they were experiencing server problems . Attached below is the ticket number related to this problem . If this occurs again , make sure that you reference this number . Thanks ,
Erik , I will be available earlier than 5:30 for an informal discussion . I will be in the office Monday and Tuesday of this week . I will be out the remainder of the week on vacation . Let me know if this works .
George , I have been out of the office on Ercot business since Thursday of last week . Sorry for the delay . Lloyd and I would like for your start date to be on September 1st , if possible .  Actually , two weeks notice would fall on September 3rd , I believe . Thanks ,
David , we often trade with EPMI , as they may be the best bid on any given day . So , the language should apply .
Today would be fine . Between 12-1pm . I can sit with you for an informal meeting and see where it goes . I am located at 3111e . Thanks ,
That is fine .
WAS THIS NOT CANCELLED ?
Can we get together to discuss how best to serve your retail load ? I think this simple process has been complicated by the number of players involved . We will give you any structure that you need and provide transparency as to how we do what we do . What more is there ? I have heard that this could start as early as September , but we are still a bit short on detail . If we started in September , I would envision passing local charges , congestion , etc to EES . We would schedule your hedges , your load and cover any remaining balance ( or not ) with respect to load zone . We would provide scheduling services , settlements and 24 hour coverage to handle any contingencies that might occur . I look forward to working with you on this issue . Give me a call when you get a chance . Thanks ,
I played the last four days: barton creek in Austin ColoVista in Bastrop ( near Austin ) Fish Creek Fish Creek yesterday . I am hitting the ball alot better and starting to make some putts . I wont be around this weekend , as I am vacationing down in South Padre Island for the next few days . We need to take that boat out so I can show you around Galveston . Fishing is good and you can pull up to certain restaraunts on the water . Let me know when you wanna go .
We have not scheduled this load as of yet . I met with Narasimha yesterday in order to cut through the b.s . and get at least a rudimentary plan in place . Here it is: By 7am - EES submits to us their load plan / hedges - EES to use their forecast initially . We cover open position and submit schedules to Ercot We monitor Real Time and handle continigencies Wholesale settlement provided , ancillary service charges ,  local congestion , etc is to be passed to EES . Narasimha will provide the load info and we are projecting a September 1st start at the latest . We are preparing a term sheet today that will reflect the basic requirements above . We will certainly add more complexity to this deal in the form of fixing exposure to A/S and other charges . We are prepared to go forward with this immediately .
Scott , I dont get discounted tickets , but occasionally someone will offer them for sale on the e-bulletin board . I'll keep an eye out for you .
Kim , Havent talked to you for awhile . Hope everything is going well . I do have a question about who will be doing my review . Also , dont we still have a rating system ? I would like to see my entire review and have the opportunity to sign off on it . Also , is it possible for me to review my personel file ? Is this within company policy ? Lastly , can you provide to me a copy of my contract ? Mine is packed in a box somewhere due to the move . Thank you for your time .
Perfect . Thanks . I can review the folder anytime this week . Thanks again
sorry for the delay in providing feedback; i have been out of the office . the confirms look good and I am ok with sending them out . if you have any questions , give me a call
what is the latest with you ? i talked with wolfey the other day and wished him well . i'm sure that our paths will cross again some day . also josh bengson called me yesterday . it was good to hear from him - he is doing well . we still want some pictures of your kids; 19 south altwood circle the woodlands tx 77382 give me an update of the EES situation .
Que paso amigo ? hope the family is doing well . things are shaping up pretty well here financially- everyone doing well trading . Sorry to hear about the Wolf departure . have you bought that guitar yet ?
Mikey , Where are you ?
We are doing a good job in deal entry accuracy . I have had few instances where I am asked by Risk Mgmt to troubleshoot problems , as had been the case the previous months . GOOD JOB !  Please stay focused on this
Lloyd , Frontera needs a portal so that they may submit outage schedules for their plant . We , as the QSE , arent able to submit this , per Protocols . Thanks ,
Yesterday the Frontera plant was idle due to economics . We had submitted a Resource Plan ( this indicates to Ercot what we plan to generate ) with zero mw's and zero premium because the unit was offline . In the Resource Plan , we can attach a premium for OOM up or down . In the plan for yesterday we indicated that our unit was "unavailable and offline" . The plant personel are responsible for submitting an outage schedule with Ercot - this cannot be completed by the QSE . Ercot called yesterday and asked if we could start the unit if they needed us to . We called Jerry Watson ( with Frontera ) and he relayed that this was possible . Ercot immediately OOM'd us up 135 mw's , beginning hour ending 13 , to control congestion . They later upped this to 185 mw's for the remainder of the day , through 2400 . I called Mark Patterson , who is our Ercot Rep. , and I explained the situation . I wished to know how they could OOM us if we were offline . I also wanted to know how this would settle . His reply is as follows: Since we indicated verbally that we could run the plant , that changed our status from unavailable to available . Since we had an implied low premium ( zero ) on our plant , we were high in the OOM stack and were called upon . We would receive only the mcp for our power because we had no premium indicated . The mcp was low all day (  mid teens ) yesterday . If we had been OOM'd up and could not recover our startup & gen costs , we could dispute the bill and provide sufficient documentation to recover , at most , our costs . We immediately revised our Resource Plan and indicated 185 mw's available with a $50 premium . This invoked the Protocol provisions requiring them to pay us the 18 heat rate times gas costs . The Protocol section dealing with OOM up payments is found under section 6.8.2.2 . Please review this to understand why this applies . This was a very educational process . We think that in revising our Resource Plan "on the fly" we were able to turn a bad situation into a profitable day for Frontera . Until further notice , the following policy should be implemented: If Frontera is offline and Ercot calls to ask about the availability . Say the unit is NOT available . If Frontera is scheduled to run , need to input into the Resource Plan the following premiums: $50 premium for OOM up . $10 premium for OOM down . These premiums will be added to the mcp and will be used to determine our place in the merit order . If we are OOM'd up , the premium will require that the heat rate formula is invoked . If we are OOM'd down , then we should be paid the mcp + premium . Please call me if you have questions , Director , Enron Ercot Region
Hello , George . 1 . The actual shift change occurs at 6 am until further , however , I expect traders to arrive at least 20 minutes before shift change . 2 the September work schedule is attached 3 . I understand that most park in daily fee , "outside" lots . Thanks ,
Jerry , Please see the attached:
Cant - I have friends coming in from Calgary . I went to a great course yesterday; Glenloch Farms is not too far from the Woodlands and was a cool layout . We will have to go when I get free .
Carmen , Please note that my employee's correct name is Alex McElreath . It was mispelled below . Thank you ,
We were down balanced in excess of what we were willing to pay , as indicated by our bidding structure . It seems that their software is not recognizing our bids . Our Ercot Rep , Mark Patterson is looking into this . We will dispute down balancing bills for the labor day weekend , as this problem persisted every day . Thanks ,
Please see the attached:
Jerry , Please see tomorrow's schedules as attached:
Boy: the deal number for the coa option for tomorrow is 765595.1 . do you need this??? ?
Hourly Ercot is long 65 mw's for hour ending 6 . We have this routed to North Zone load . If prices appear to be heading negative , then export or sell outright . Please review all positions in the system for tomorrow so that you can transact if necessary . Thanks ,
What again is the $ impact and the days involved that we are discussing .
Can we create an inbox folder for Joe ? I need to leave something for him tonight and I promised that it would be in his inbox ( which he doesnt have ) Thanks ,
Please note that when we will receive a unit specific instruction , we will also receive a category one deployment . The unit specific instruction tells us the level that they want the unit to produce . The category one is just a summary of how much we need to move to achieve the unit specific level . These should not be combined .  Also , when you receive a category 2 , 3 or 4 we are essentially receiving an OOM type instruction that is settled under the OOM provisions .
Jerry , please see the attached:
Please see the revised game plan for Monday . Notice that hour ending 6 has been revised upward . Thanks ,
We have purchased 65 mw's from Teco for hour ending 6 on Monday for $5 . This is scheduled into the North Zone . If prices dictate , sell to another counterparty . See deal no . 767454 Thanks ,
correct
comments ( negative ) from Frank before the end of day ? I am willing to bet $5 Want some ?
Thanks - Good job in documentation
They are members of the RT group , so they will sit at the "rotating seat" of 3111f . They will have the same access as Steve Olinde , Joe Capasso , etc . Can we copy the profiles of existing team members ?
que paso , pawpaw
Jerry , Please see the attached:
Joe , I need some help on the schedule for September 20th . Steve Olinde is on vacation this day . I intended to cover for him , but I am now trading the dailies for Frontera . I will not be able to cover the RT shift . I know that you are working alot of days before then , but I would appreciate your help . Thanks ,
Please see the attached work schedule for Sept . I have you officially joining the group on Wednesday , however , your actual shift work begins on Thursday , September 13th . If you have any questions , give me a call at 3-7160 . We look forward to having you on the team .
We are long 65 mw's from Frontera at $5 for tomorrow . It is scheduled into the North 2001 . Sell if needed .
Jerry see the attached . Ercot has your direct line ( cell ) for down balancing today . We are evacuating . My cell number is 713-412-7529 Call me if you need anything . Thanks !
How many spots does the Ercot RT group have for the LV trip in October ?
Thanks for your reply . Here's what I have learned from our conversation: Since I have not gotten a specific response from my customers , my spots were "captured" by Don and Juan's group ? I acknowledge that I have not relayed specific names for Reliant and TXU , as they havent responded after many calls , but did not receive notice that I was to lose my spots . I expected to be able to include my employees , as Juan and Don have now done with my spots . Don and Juan have invited my employee , Steve Olinde , with one of my original spots . He will attend . I am not trying to give you a hard time , but I need to know who authorized filling my spots ?
Please make sure that the Ercot RC is not billed for our portion of the customer trip . If I can assist with this accounting , let me know . I dont wish to subsidize the other Hourly traders who are now able to attend this customer meeting at my expense . In the future , I need to be aware of any decisions that will adversely affect me or my group . I am a Commercial Director and no one below this rank should be making decisions on my behalf without my knowledge . I do realize what a large undertaking this trip was . We werent able to secure a commitment from customers , but I was confident that our spots could be filled internally (  with our group members) . I am sure that the overall headcount for this trip did not change , rather the allocation to each group was changed . My goal is not to give you a hard time - I dont usually mention rank or make much of a big deal out of anything . But I do expect a certain amount of respect given my rank , profitability and that I have been here 8 years . I try to extend the same courtesy to you and your staff .
Frontera is long hour ending 7-11 by 5 mw';s . This has been scheduled into the North 2001 zone on behalf of Teco Services . Please sell this power for > $5 , if possible . Use your judgement - let me know if you have questions . Please cut the imbalance deal and replace with the new sale . Thanks ,
Jerry - My trader , Eric , was able to sell the he 7-11 5 mw's for $14 . Please see the attached:
thanks BOYYYYYYYYYYY
scrub yourself down
Jerry , Please see the attached spreadsheet for tomorrow . We booked you out on the Enron option for $22.25 . So , we are selling you next day for $22.25 . Also , to fill Mirant's call for 12-22 we purchased $23 power from Aquila . This should get you flat for the day . We will not run tomorrow , as of now . We will reflect this in the Resource Plan and reflect that the unit is unavailable and offline .
I have entered an annuity from Doug's book to Paul's to account for imbalance losses due to the September 11th tragedy . Annuity number 774083 , dated 9/12 will transfer a total of $67,530.15 . See the attached spreadsheet .
I have a 1:10 t time for Windrose on Sat . I have a 3:1 coupon that will reduce the expense to $51 pp + tax . Let me know if you can go .
We are short the following schedule to Stec: If you fill this schedule , reduce the purchase that is in the Portal and replace with the new source . Thanks ,
Erik , deal no . 773763 has been changed . sorry for the confusion .
Jerry , Please see the attached:
We are short on the offpeak for the three days including saturday , sunday , and monday . We are floating 55 mw's in the South zone . If you replace this power , please remove the appropriate counterparty in the portal and replace with new counterparty . Also: The Frontera plant is currently NOT scheduled to run this weekend or Monday . We are currently , as of Friday , experiencing problems with units #2 & #3 . These tripped offline when a breaker problem on CPL's side occurred . We have been asked by Ercot to reflect in the Resource Plan that unit #1 is available but offline . We have done so . When the other units become available , please update them as available in the Resource Plan for the remaining hours of Saturday . We should make sure that we have OOM premiums ( up and down ) and zero mw's scheduled . If you have questions , give me a call .
When: Monday , September 17 , 2001 11:00 AM-11:30 AM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) . Where: 3112f - Doug's desk
Jerry , Please see the attached .  As I mentioned , I will be out of the office visiting Ercot tomorrow . Thanks ,
Frank . The ancillary services market for non-spinning has been horrible . Non- spinnning for today is , at most , 90 cents/mw for hours 14-18 . The remaining hours are worth zero . The down regulation and up regulation markets are lucrative at as much as $11.99/mw ,  but we are not certified for this service . As I understand it , there is some work necessary on the plant to allow us to sell up/down regulation and replacement . GE personel were to travel to the plant and do some work , but in light of world events , I do not know if they have arrived . Once the upgrades are complete , we need to restart the certification process with Ercot . If we sell non-spin for . 90 , we would need to withhold this power from the market . We have been selling , on a Real Time basis , as much power as we can get out the door . We have not been selling offpeak and we are starting schedules , typically at hour 10 through 22 for a sales price of $24 . That is the latest . We are currently looking at making sales in October . The heat rate is around 10.7 Thanks ,
Please see the attached .
Mikey - I heard that you have gotten married . Is that true ?
just to double check; the meeting is now on Monday , right ?
Please see the attached . Remember that we are planning on buying hour ending 7 ( 50 mw's) . So , we wont actually generate 250's as the schedule indicates . Alex will take care of this tonight . Prices for the weekend look like: gas $2.06 This doesnt look too good for the weekend run . Let me know what you need to do . Thanks ,
For tomorrow , see the attached schedule . This is what is communicated to Frontera . The mw value at the top of the page indicates what their total generation should be by hour . The Resource Plan shuold be identical to this row . Row 5 mirrors the purchase from Frontera in Enpower . The Mirant call and Enron's call ( Ercot Asset Book - 100 mw's ) are listed as well as any daily trades executed on behalf of Frontera . Please familiarize yourself with this report The top line will indicate how much power is available for bal-day sales , etc . Additionally , the Resource Plan needs to accurately reflect to Ercot what the plant is capable of . For example , if we are generating at the maximum of 450 mw's , we need to reflect that the combined maximums on units 1-3 do not exceed this amount . Otherwise , Ercot thinks they can OOM you up . Specifically for tomorrow , please note that we are going from 135 mw hour ending 6 to 250 mw's hour ending 7 . The plant doesnt like to do this . A 200 mw schedule would be much more preferrable for this ramp . So either : 1 . purchase 50 mw's from RT market for he 7 . Change Resource Plan to 200 mw's for hour ending 7 only . Put purchase from in Teco Services book . Make another corresponding sale to Frontera counterparty in the Teco Services book . If you dont make the second entry in Enpower the Teco Services book will be long for hour ending 7 . 2 . have plant drag and buy imbalance - they will call to make this decision . No entries will be needed . Call if you have questions .
For Monday , it is necessary that we sell the following for Frontera: Also , we need to buy 15 mw's for hour ending 7 to assist with Frontera's ramp . We are not running the plant this weekend . The Resource Plan should reflect that we are available but offline . We need to ensure that the minimums and maximums accurately reflect what the plant is capable of . Also , please make sure that the OOM premiums ( up & down ) are input as $50 and $40 respectively . FYI - for OOM up , we receive a 14.1 heat rate multiplied by the Houston Ship Channel price . For this weekend assume $2.05 . IF you can make hourly , bal-day sales in excess of this , check with Jerry or Ken at Frontera . Steve Olinde is notifying Ercot that we are coming down this weekend for economics . We have given them this notice so that they can effectively manage their system . I will be out of town this weekend . I can be reached by my cell if you have an important issue . Thanks ,
We are long 100 mw's for hour ending 16-19 on Monday . This is currently scheduled to load . If prices are poor , we need to sell this energy early Monday morning for > $22 if possible . The sale goes into the Ercot Asset book . Thanks ,
The position for Monday is currently scheduled into imbalance in both the QSE MOS and Enpower . Make sure that both are modified when you make sales/purchases . Attached are the spreadsheets that reflect what Frontera is doing for the next three days . Again , look to the top line to know what generation output should be . Know it , learn it , live it . Thanks ,
Laurel , Do you have Ken Parker's e-mail address ? He needs to be copied on our preschedules . His address is kbparker@tecoenergy.com Thanks ,
For tomorrow , we need to sell the following: The sales go into the Teco Services book . The length is currently scheduled to load in Enpower and the QSE MOS system . Thanks ,
Additionally ,
Mark , Hope all is well in Taylor . I have a couple of questions about OOMC capacity payments . As discussed in our meeting , I received a manual OOMC on Thursday 9/13 ( 10:30 pm ) from Terry at the ISO . He reserved 220 mw of capacity from the Frontera unti for hours ending 9-2400 for Friday , Sept 14th . We were , indeed , exercised on Friday . I think that we understand the payment for the energy portion of the exercise . However , we are not certain what we will be paid for the capacity portion , as the formula for OOMC payment is based upon the Replacement reserve market . The replacement reserve prices have been zero . Could you provide some help on this ? Thanks ,
Andrea , apparently an imbalance deal was entered under Teco services and the mark to market flag was not removed . I show negative new deal value for Teco Services , when I sold above the curve on their behalf . I assume this is the reason for the negative new deal value . The deal has been revised , as it was to be a temporary placeholder anyway . This imbal . sale deal will be taken to zero and resold to another counterparty tonight . Will I ever get a true up for the negative new deal value ?
Ken , Laurel will be sending the spreadsheet from now on . I asked her yesterday to include you on the distribution . I will be out of the office next week . Clint Dean will step in for me . Thanks ,
I used to carpool with a guy and his wife from Liberty . He asked me one day: " what if someone called you and told you that you just won a new Towncar - all you had to pay was the $700 in taxes?" I told both of them ( laughing ) that it was a scam and someone would have to be an idiot to fall for that , since they didnt enter any contest . They both looked down at their feet and said that they sent a check to this outfit . I called them dumbasses again and they called their bank to cancel the check . The jackass scam artist called them back , bitching that they had cancelled their check . My dumbass friend was talked into this transaction AGAIN . He tried to reinstate the check ,  but the bank's policy prevented him from reactivating this payment . He was going to do this again , but I told his in-laws , friends and everyone else I could to talk to him . He finally saw the light . Just doing my job . Anyway , this guy is a super nice ( but dumbass ) guy . He works at the Harris county courthouse . His wife ran off with a crack head , left him with the kids , didnt come homefor several weeks and then wanted a divorce . The divorce was in Liberty where this woman , also a dumbass friend from wayback , had worked for the Judge presiding over her case . She got the kids and he pays $2500/month . Life is less fair to dumbasses
good to hear from you - everything is still pretty wild up here , but it is going very well . Sorry to hear about the neighbors , but i think that you will enjoy living downtown . there is so much to do here now . how are your hours now ? im sure that they are pretty scary . seen any good bands lately ?
im sorry - im kinda shifty........... .
Hello , I am using MSN dial up through the Enron program . I understood it to be a $5 co-pay . MSN customer service has said that they are billing me $25/month for this service and they dont know anything about an Enron special program . Who can I contact to resolve this issue ? John Forney Director , Ercot Power Trading
Yes , My member id is fourknees .  I am being billed $21.95/ month since inception of May 11 , 2001 . Thanks for your help .
My cell phone 713-412-7529 home number 281-419-4388 Deb's cell 281-767-3667 catcha later ,
19 south altwood circle the woodlands , tx 77382
We are short 100 mw's in the Ercot Asset book for hours ending 7-22 . We want to remain that way , unless the balancing energy market goes haywire . We would need to delete our SC counterparty EL Paso and input a replacement QSE in the portal if this is filled . Enpower shows 100 mw's coming from Ercot imbalance . This deal would need to be cut and replaced with the power that was purchased for bal-day , etc . Thanks ,
FYI , This morning Ercot asked us to run all three units for a manual OOM . Our Resource plan indicated that our total minimum was 220 . I believe that we had a discussion with Ercot indicating that our minimum on a 2 on 1 config was 280 . We ran at 280 , but our resource plan was not updated . Ercot called mid-morning to say that they only wanted 220 . It is possible that we will be punished financially ( receive the balancing energy price ) for the 60 mw's over their request . The point is , the Resource Plan is the only thing binding . We must reflect our true minimums at all times . If the situation changes intraday , we need to make changes in the resource plan to reflect what we can actually do . Please see the e-mail below from Alan .
Until further , it is best to avoid long positions in the morning hours that are to liquidate against the balancing market . The downside is $1000 and the upside maybe $10 . Thanks ,
Steve indicated below that he talked to Ken at Frontera . Ken Parker is the "new" Jerry . They are staffing up .
the file should be m:electric/eservices/ees/ercot/ees model go get em ,
Can I get a change in Enpower ? We have done this type thing on the West desk: For every counterparty "Ercot Imbalance" ,  I would like the Risk Mark to market flag set to "off" automatically . When this manual process does not get done , we have settlement problems . What do you think ?
Ken , As discussed earlier , I am proposing ramping up late for the onpeak sale that Frontera made for tomorrow . If we must sell the offpeak hours required to affect a 340 mw onpeak schedule , I show that we would almost negate all profit from the sale . I am suggesting starting your ramp beginning hour ending 7 and purchasing a fixed price swap from Enron for the short generation . Basically , you sold the preschedule for $21 and we would fix your price for hours ending 7-11 at $20 . The benefit in this swap would be: hedge against floating price lock in $1 profit on sale for short portion of the schedule , increasing revenues avoid losing approximately $10k on selling ramping schedule - $4 is an optimistic real time sales price at this point , however , I used this in the analysis . Please let me know what you think . Enron will be offically rolling this swap product out to all of our service customers . I think this would be a good fit your company and I would like to try this for Friday's run . Additionally , I think that there may be a good down balancing or OOM down opportunity for tomorrow because of this preschedule . Let me know what you think ,
Rebecca , For September 28th , we have sold a financial swap to Frontera for hours ending 7- 11 . We bill them $20 , Enpower #794481 , for various hours . I will take the floating imbalance price for the following megawatt totals : Frontera will be running a resource imbalance for these hours . ( see imbal . # 794516) . I should be allocated the imbalance charges as listed above and Frontera is responsible for any remaining imbalance for this day. . This is a financial swap that we will be offering our customers and I need your feedback on any requirements that you have in settling this product . Thanks ,
Thanks for looking into this .
We have sold a financial swap to Frontera for hours 7-11 for $20 . They sold a 340 mw schedule for the onpeak tomorrow . They will be ramping up starting hour ending 7 for the following: So , basically , they will be dragging significantly for these hours . We sold this imbalance to them for $20 and we will take the floating price . The Resource Plan will only show 340 mw's onpeak . Ercot will call and ask about our ACE issue . Just say that our unit is just now coming up and we are on the normal ascension ramp mentioned above . Thanks ,
we put it on for tomorrow . i am short the pool at $20 . i gave them an agressive bid and i think that we will both win .
Tom , Frontera did agree to do the financial swap for tomorrow . I am really excited about getting this product off . I guess we need to follow up with the swap papers now . Here are some things that we proposed to Frontera: September 20th - I suggested selling October at $24.75 . This was a 10.72 heat rate . I had to take off for an Austin trip and Clint took over for me in trying to get them to transact . Power moved down , but so did gas , The heat rate was the same , but they still didnt want to transact as power moved down to $24.75 . Power reached low of 10 heat rate for October recently - it is currently 10.2 . I suggested early this week in selling balance of the week at a 10.5 heat rate . The dailies have been now liquidating as low as 8.9 hr . August ( late ) - Clint proposed selling 12.7 heat rate in September .  They didnt want to because they wanted to liquidate in the daily market . This didnt work out . On a daily basis , Frontera has a problem making timely decisions . For example , I give them gas prices and daily prices . They say that they would like to stay offline for the next day . I tell them that I will bookout my option . They call back later and say that they would like to run . Bids are now $2 less for my option and the prices they receive for their ramp up and onpeak schedule are horrible . On Tuesday , I suggested selling a $24 call option for October for a $1.25 premium . This would have at least brought in $23,000 . They werent interested in this idea . I communicate my feelings on the market very early . If they could react quicker , I would smack the first bids that showed their faces , including EOL . I could have taken out 200mw's in a simultaneous trades several times over the last two weeks . Clint has some other instances that he would like to relay . He will be sending another e-mail . This relationship , although not initially profitable , has allowed us to develop other relationships that would not have otherwise been possible . I dont really want to lose the job . We are providing some outstanding support , in my opinion . The thing that weakens our case is that Ercot is not providing the appropriate settlement details that would help illustrate our case on the OOM payments . The settlements extract , as I learned on my trip , is key to explainnig this value . The OOM value itself is well over $200k . Good luck !
In this case , Ercot Asset gets allocated the expense of the imbalance . The enpower deals listed below are under this desk . The financial swap info is going out , Frontera being the most logical first customer . Is there anything else from us that you would want ? Im thinking in terms special entries that would notify your group to withold balancing expense from Frontera , etc . Let me know what you think .
Mark , We have a question related to the acquisition of ancillary services; Ercot publishes their various A/S requirements on a daily basis . We have noticed that you dont procure up to the amount that you say that you require . For example , on 9/27 , Ercot published that the System Requirements are 1,800 mw for Regup . Ercot procured only approx . 117 mw's each hour . The same thing occurs for REGDN and Responsive . Is Ercot satisfying their reserve requirement needs with OOM and Upbalancing , etc. ? I will be out of the office next week , so can you reply to Doug Gilbert-Smith ? His e-mail is doug.gilbert-smith@enron.com . Otherwise , he can be reached at 713-853-9310 . Thanks for your help !
Larry , I will be on vacation next week . I will not be available until Monday , October 8th . Thanks ,
I will be on vacation next week . I will be checking in via cell phone . Thanks, .
I will be on vacation next week , October 1-5th . In my absence ,  contact Clint Dean or Smith Day for any questions related to Frontera , etc . Feel free to wake Clint up for any reason . Thanks ,
I saw the memo . It is true about the startup charges . It is listed in the Purchase and Sale Agreement . Is there more that we need to discuss on this deal ? Thanks ,
Could you tell me what my balance is for vacation days ? Also , I dont think that I have signed up for the floating holiday yet . Would this balance reflect that ? Thank you !
I have received notice that I need to attend the Sandhill board of directors meeting tomorrow . Clint Dean will be trading the Asset book . I will be available via cell phone . Thanks ,
that is correct
Mark , Thanks for your reply concerning ancillary service procurement . I was wondering if Ercot had made a decision on OOM capacity payments . Our position is that our custmers , ie . Teco/Frontera should recover at least their O&M expenses for the capacity , as they are standing by awaiting instruction . Has there been any progress in this subject ?
Due to the slowdown in trading , I will be concentrating on leaving positions for RT to trade around . These will keep you in the market and give some flexibilty and decision making responsibility . This will make more sense , once you inherit the position . The following positions need to be watched for monday: 1 . We are short to Mirant ( on behalf of Frontera ) for hour ending 6 only . We need to buy 50 mw's and schedule this with Mirant Real Time . They are expecting and have agreed to this trade . This is energy that Frontera owes them on a prescheduled basis . If you are working Sunday night , check in early with Mirant to make sure they are aware of this trade . It is very common that they get a bad "handoff" and are unaware of this transaction . Give them plenty of time to work this out . We schedule this in the portal as a buy from X and a sale to Mirant . In Enpower , buy from X and sell to Frontera ( under the Teco Services book) . Enter this as a flat transaction , ie buy for $20 and sell to Frontera for $20 . 2 . The Ercot Asset book is long 5 mw's for offpeak Monday at $11.25 . Sell this or leave to the pool , as necessary . I will be long this power offpeak for the balance of next week 10/16-19 . I think that Saturday morning will come in strong , as we are getting some cooler weather . I think also that some larger units are coming off line , which will put upward pressure on the offpeak . Each member of the group needs to tell me what positions they want . Next day onpeak is trading for $20.5 , offpeak is trading $11.25 . Where is the value?? ? Lets trade it up !
Isaac needs to be set up with a certificate for the Ercot Portal . Is there a form I need to fill out for this ?
Ben , My new employee , Isaac Wong , needs a turret id . He will need to copy someone else's phone list as well . Can you help ? Thanks ,
thanks harley man
Kim , I had mentioned that I had not completed submitting my expense for temporary housing , etc . I mistakenly thought that the deadline was one year . Can I still get this in ? I think I have everything in order . Thanks ,
Any luck with the changes we have requested ?
thanks so much for checking into this for me . sorry for the delay in submitting .
So , you waited until the weather became bearable before coming to Houston ? Good call there . I travelled to Portland a week ago to visit friends . Deb and I had a great time and the flight was so cheap , $165 . The weather was awesome and the wine was good (  as far as I can remember )  . Anyway , it was good to see Stewie , Tim and even Richter . What are you working on here , is it classified ?
yep , coffee is a good idea .
Who would I talk to about the residential customers . I received a call from a load aggregating company that specializes in residential sign ups . This sounds like a good idea , provided that our strategy hasnt changed .
What about New Power , should we refer this deal to them ? It looks pretty good .
Joe , Do you have any record of this deal ? I should that you worked this day . If this exists in your personal trade log , then we need to Enpower this . Let me know what you find .
Alex , Could you check your trade log for this ? I show that you were on this day . If this trade is good , we need to Enpower . Let me know what you find .
Joe , Here's another . Please check this out and let me know what's going on . Thanks ,
Due to Oklaunion being down for maintenance , we are being cut again on offpeak schedule #570719 . This 25 mw purchase from Tenaska needs to be replaced for hour ending 23 and 24 today . Buy the power tonight and enter deal under Ercot Mgmt book , as this is Doug's power . I have already made the cuts in Enpower for both hours ending 23,24 and tomorrow . For tomorrow , I have purchased energy for this schedule , so we dont have to worry about it on a real time basis . If you have questions , let me know . Thanks ,
Alex , You have been somehow entering deals under South America - Brazil region , rather than South 2001 . Risk has been having a problem with this . This has also affected the Brazil trading desk . Double check your deal entry desks and zones . I intended to mention this last week and I forgot . It came up again today , per risk . Also , on the hour ending 6 deal today; you should have entered a sale to Frontera in Enpower , rather than Mirant . This is a bit confusing , but here goes: Frontera had sold Mirant this option , not Enron . Frontera tells me daily what Mirant is calling for . I replace this power , or Frontera generates the schedule . If I ( or you ) replace , then we do enter a schedule of a sale to Mirant in the Portal . But , we dont sell to Mirant in Enpower , as this is not our deal . Instead , the sale goes to Frontera . They pay us to reimburse us for buying LCRA on their behalf . Does that help ?
Kim , Cammi Mursch has asked for an e-mail from Enron authorizing an extension . Can we do this ? Thanks ,
Linus , can you give me the info for a New Power contact ?
I have talked with John Phillips with Cinergy Worldwide . His company is an experienced residential load aggregator in the Northeast . They are not related to the Cinergy utility . They are interested in a partnership with Enron/New Power where Cinergy would market directly to individuals using our paper/ terms in return for a negotiated fee . He is interested in entering the Texas Choice arena . They claim to be capable of size in signups . I thought that this may be a good fit for NewP . The number for John Phillips is : 410-365-5613 Let me know what your thoughts are . John Forney Ercot Trading
The Oklaunion plant is offline until midnight Friday . I have replaced the power for this deal in the cash market . No replacement is needed . Also; You will notice that from peak on through 24 , the pool has been strong . Generators are taking their units offline for offpeak and are running short until peak the next day . You can recognize this in the ACE display on the monitor . Notice hour ending 3,4,5 . Theyre draggin . Prices still havent done much in the offpeak,even with this going on .
Mr . Hinson , Sorry I missed your call . The Frontera Plant is composed of 2 CT's and and steamer . Three units in total , however , the steamer cannot operate independently of the ct's . I say this because the Ercot protocols allow dispatching each of these units independently and Ercot exercises this right while punishing us financially for non compliance . There is no way under the Resource Plan from the protocols to express which combinations must be considered . These units are behind a common point , so the rules as they were written dont consider us . I know that this is more than you asked for , but for whatever it's worth....... . Thanks and give me a call if you need more info , Enron Ercot Region
Kim , Here is the e-mail address for Cammi . Thanks ,
We have been having alot of trouble with one of the big screens that is fed by the portal server . It is the display over Doug's head . This shows ACE and load forecast . Doug is very excited about this , as we have had a daily problem It works temporarily ,  but goes down daily . Is Sasha the guy to talk to on this ?
best wishes to you and your daughter .
The updated help desk numbers for 24 hour call are as follows: These have changed , so update your phone list accordingly . Thanks ,
The Hourly Ercot book is long 30 mw's at $13.25 for hour ending 23 and 24 on Friday . This is currently scheduled into the North Zone load . When you sell this , cut the load and replace with the appropriate QSE trade . The purchase is in Enpower as #825387 . The sale to Ercot Imbal is under #825406 . Cut the enpower sale and replace with appropiate sale counterparty . Everything should be entered under the Hourly Ercot desk . Let me know how it goes .
Adrianne , I was not able to participate in a phone screen for any of the applicants below , due to business travel . What is the latest on this ?
Tom , The Frontera file has , in the first tab , their calculation for their daily costing . Ken gave me this and asked me what I think . It would probably be best if we talk some more about it , rather than sending it to Jerry Brown , etc . What do you think ?
The ST ercot book is long 30 mw's in the offpeak hours for Monday . We would like to sell these mw's at a reasonable price that is left to your judgement . If prices look to be potentially negative , of course , sell the mw's . Give me a call if you have questions , preferrably before 10 pm . Thanks ,
Give me a call
The Resolution desk has given me the password . However , George was not set up in deal blotter under North America , East Region . I have since submitted another E-request for George . The reason is , he cannot log onto blotter or create deals under his name . Can you watch out for this ?
William , things look better but , George does not have access to the EPMI Hourly Ercot book . This is the book that he trades primarily . He also needs EPMI Ercot Asset . Thanks ,
Frontera will be running short for the schedule listed below . I have sold them this imbalance for $28.57 . Any imbalance charges billed to them should be allocated to me listed on the schedule below . The total is 1375 . This is the equivalent of a financial swap , but the settlement will remain intact . Thanks ,
Ken , Take a look at this . We will sell an additional 85mw's for hour ending 2300 tomorrow . This is not on the sheet , obviously . Thanks ,
Frontera has scheduled the following for tomorrow: We will be required to sell an additional 85 mw's tomorrow for hour ending 23 in order to get up to the minimum run of 135mw's . If Frontera has problems coming up tomorrow , there may be an ACE issue . We will advise .
I have sold Frontera a financial swap for $28.50 for hours ending 7-12 . The first 3 hours are for size ( 300 mw's) . I would buy hours 7-9 tomorrow for up to $20 . I could buy up to the 300 mw's . Schedule this to load in the North . I could also use 200 mw's for he 10 and 150 mw's for he 11 . Calpine has had an offer recently for hours ending 7-9 . If you have questions , please give me a call , as this is a very important issue . Words of advice: Dont go into the market with a $20 bid for 300 mw's . Quietly accumulate these mw's if possible . Do not tip your hand on this deal , as that would contribute to spiking RT prices . Thanks ,
Karen , I have spoken with Adrianne yesterday concerning the status of this process . At that time , I had left messages with all three candidates , but was unable to reach them . Late yesterday afternoon , I received a call from Nicholas Watson . I was impressed with his previous experience in trading and his educational background . He also had shown some innovation related to some projects that he worked on at JP Morgan Chase & Co . I would recommend scheduling Nicholas for an interview . I did relay to him that we would contact him within a week . I will again call the other candidates .
John , The outage requested for Friday has been approved by Kevin Presto . I am glad to hear that the demin tank situation has been resolved . The meeting that I attended was helpful in understanding your level of frustration . If you have further questions , please let me know . John Forney
Greetings: For tonight , Frontera is long 85mw's hour ending 2300 . We need to sell this under the Teco Services book . For tomorrow Frontera needs to sell: Enter a purchase from Frontera ( Teco services book ) enter the same price as you sold for . Enter the sale ( Teco Services) . I am also selling Frontera 200 mw's for hour ending 7 and 50 mw's hour ending 8 . I am selling this position for $26.04 . I will be short the Imbalance price during this time . If you can buy below $26.04 for this time period , do so and schedule to load in the South . I am long into the North Zone as follows : I am long under deal #834600 If prices appear to weaken , sell these mw's for 1-6 and cut this Ercot Imbalance deal by same . This deals should be listed under Ercot Asset . Thanks ,
I have sold Frontera the following: Please transfer this imbalance amount to me . See deal no's 835119 & 835120 . Thanks ,
Yes , I would like that very much . Please give me a call at 3-7160
I have spoken with Ruben this morning . He is currently working in Structuring for Sempra , focusing on the Ercot retail market . Additionally , he has worked for the California PX . This and his educational background would have me recommend scheduling an interview with this applicant .
thanks , tell these guys to trade it up !
This is the public Ercot ISO site . You can query for prices . We have an internal site , the East Power Portal site , which has a section for Price and Load . This scrapes info from the Ercot website . I would think that you need special access to use the link below .
A reminder , I am 55 mws long for hours 23 & 24 today . This has been scheduled into the North Zone . If you sell make sure that you cut the Enpower deal and make the appropriate entries in the Portal . Enpwr deal 834600 is the sale to North Zone . The Ercot Asset desk is long 5 mw's for the offpeak hours at $9.20 . The Enpwr deal number is #836534 If you sell hours 1-6 , cut this sale to Ercot Imbal and replace with the appropriate counterparty under Hourly Ercot book . We will leave Additionally , Frontera needs to sell the following: Put these purchases/ sales in the Teco Services book . I have sold them the power swap where I sell them 100 mw for 7&8 ( $25) . I then pay the pool price . If prices somehow appear that they will be greater than $25 for these hours , please cover and schedule to the South Zone The Swap went very well today , since we had a physical position: Although the physical may lose $1500 , the financial swap will make $17,000 . Here's how it works: When you buy balday , you buy fixed ( $30 ) and sell floating ( Ercot Pool ) Today I sold fixed (  $37 ) and bought floating . The floating components cancel and we are left with a $7 margin . Call if you have questions .
i have zeroed this price out . thanks
Save the file attached below to your desktop . You can just click and drag . You can view the data by interval or by hourly average . Make sure that the dates are in the following: To view today ( 10/25 ) make sure the ending date is tomorrow to pull in he 2400 . The purpose of this toy is to paint certain blocks , ie 14-22 and get an average in the excel format . I have found this to be a quick and easy to use tool . I used a similar tool in the California pool . For example , take yesterday and compare to today , same period . Factor in weather , unit outages , etc . This should give you a general idea of where prices should be for these hours . Let me know your feedback .
I am discussing this with Cara at Tenaska . She is going to send more support for this .
Sell hour ending 6 only- 30 mw's for Frontera tomorrow . DO NOT GO TO THE POOL .  If you cannot sell the mw's for a reasonable price ( $0 or greater ) and the pool appears to be going to a negative , call Jerry and wake him up . Have him ramp up starting he 7 . Try to sell tonite if possible , so we wont have to wake them up . I have sold the swap to Frontera for tomorrow . They will be short the following hours: I have sold the swap to them at $24.50 . I sell fixed and buy floating . If you think that the pool will be high , then you buy fixed and take to the pool . You will buy fixed and sell floating . Net , we are left with two fixed prices . Very cool . Ercot will be calling due to the ACE issue . The plant will be coming up slowly . Call if you have questions ,
Frontera is scheduled to generate a total of 400 mw's onpeak . There may be an ace issue for hours ending 7-10 . We suspect that Ercot will want us to stay down due to price/lack of load . Check with Real Time trader . Thanks, .
Yes , Joe Capasso does report to me . Thanks ,
Thanks for the info for the additional load . As I understand it , we now have approximately 20 mw's in the South . This is great! ! Each day I review balancing energy prices vs . daily prices and the choice is extremely simple: We allow the pool to fill this load . I would recommend against buying any hedges against this power until further . There is a good chance that prices occasionally go negative for offpeak/weekends and we want to take full advantage . Do we need to discuss this further ? I just want to be on the same page . Let me know what you think .
Yes , but we are consistenly being OOMC'd , so it's kind of an ongoing question . Thanks ,
I need some support on this: For the last two weeks , Ercot has been giving us OOMC orders . They have told us to run the plant , without question . We have asked them whether they mean OOME when we run . To a man , the Ercot dispatch guys have said that OOMC means to run , they want the power . I have launched three e-mails ( requesting clarification ) to Mark Patterson , starting weeks ago on this issue . Yesterday , I caught Mark by phone at 5:30pm . Mark consulted with his operations group and determined that we had been OOMC'd and we should run , but they are not going to pay us the hr calc . They said that OOMC means run and we are supposed to sell this power . This confusion on our part will prove costly to Frontera as they will be paid the imbalance , instead of the heat rate calc . We cannot sell in the offpeak hours for greater than $5 . It costs us $26 to generate power . Mark said " dont worry , at worst case you can file for reimbursement." Mark also said that we will get paid for the capacity . But what?? ? It is my opinion that it is no accident that Ercot was vague on this issue . They want to penalize us if we dont run , and if we do ,  we will lose money . We then file to get a break-even rebate . They are acquiring ancillary reserves for free and not even paying for the energy component . I realize that these issues will be discussed in the Tuesday meeting and I will provide examples , as requested by Ercot . I need some support from the protocols and I need some suggestions . I do not want to allow these guys to game us anymore . We will be more vocal in this meeting . If no resolution is reached , I vote for ignoring their OOM instructions . I need a ruling on whether they can force us to lose money . Thanks ,
Thank you Bill !
David , I need some help with an Ercot protocol interpretation: Frontera has been issued OOMC requests by the ISO on numerous occasions , starting September 14th . This Out of Merit request is issued if no mkt bids exist to solve congestion , whether local or zonal . The OOMC , as I understand it , reserves capacity for Ercot and the premium is predetermined based on a formula mentioned in the protocols . The formula is based on the replacement reserve clearing price , which currently is zero . This is because the replacement reserve market is non-existent . An announcement on how the OOMC capacity payments will be calculated is due out this week , per Mark Patterson . The second component of this option is OOME . This is a request for actual energy related to the OOMC option . The strike price is calculated from a preset heat rate multiplied by the HSC daily price , as mentioned in the protocols . So the OOMC/OOME ws designed to work like the ancillary services with a capacity award and an energy component . I think that this is the spirit of the OOM's , as mentioned in Section 6 of the Protocols . Here is the problem: the head of Ercot Market Operations , John Adams , interprets the protocols to mean that OOMC requries the plant to be generating . When Ercot dispatchers had issued an OOMC , they quickly followed up to ask us why we were not generating into the grid . We explained to them , on numerous occasions , that we dont believe OOMC means run . If they wanted us to run , then they would need to issue an OOME for the actual energy component . I asked my employees to clarify with Ercot whether we were being asked to run , yes or no . When instructed to run by Ercot , we had to assume that we were settled based upon the OOME calc , as we were previously under OOMC orders . I sent at least three e-mails to my Ercot rep , Mark Patterson regarding this issue . I finally caught him by phone and he relayed that he thought Ercot's intrepretation was correct . For all of the times that we ran , at their request , we werent going to be paid based on the OOME heat rate calc , rather we were going to receive the balancing energy price (  a penalty for Resource Imbalance) . For example , in the early morning hours we would receive as little as $1 for electricity that cost $27 to generate . Mark also mentioned that when they said run , they expected us to sell to someone else , or just generate into the imbalance . Mark told me "dont worry , you can file to receive your generation expenses in the event that you lost money." Here is my view: OOMC does not mean run . It means have the capacity available in the event Ercot calls , much like replacement , responsive reserve and non-spinning . Ercot's interpretation is being decided by the Manager of Mkt Operations , a group supposedly unconcerned with price . If OOMC means to run , then why would the protocols contemplate , or need OOME ? They would never have to pay OOME if we were already running into the imbalance . OOMC is an option and the exercise is OOME . This is basically the disagreement . This could very well be a $500,000 issue for Frontera . Why would anyone generate for $27 and dump to the imbalance mkt at $5 in hopes of filing for a "breakeven." Ridiculous . I spoke with Bill Kettlewell with Customer Relations and he had "no comment" on whether OOMC means to generate . Mark Patterson now also has "no comment." Bill and Mark said that we needed to file a dispute in order to receive closure on the OOM capacity payment . I suspect that we will follow this same path when we file for OOME reimbursement vs . the imbalance price we will receive . I had instructed my employeess to refuse to turn on the plant ( in response to an OOMC ) until we receive an OOME instruction . This has compelled Ercot to deploy an OOME request to us , because they need to have us online to control local congestion . Would this not be an omission that their view was incorrect ? Section 5.4.4 says that a QSE may fail to comply with an Ercot directive if it causes a safety concern , or ,  Ercot is not in compliance with the Protocols . The latter is in effect . Ercot is now telling us that they cannot instruct us , or give us an OOME deployment , unless we are already runnnig . I think that this is a software issue , not a protocol issue . We worked out an interim compromise with Ercot until this issue can be settled . Once we have been OOMC'd , we will start to gen . Once we reach full load , we will request an OOME . If they dont comply , we will shut down the unit . Ercot said that " it was entirely reasonable that we would request to be compensated in the form of an OOME." The Ercot dispatchers are complaining that OOME requires them to send an instruction every 15 minutes . Is this why we are not getting the OOME instruction on a regular basis ? Finally , I stressed to Ercot that I wasnt trying to manipulate prices , via OOME or force Ercot into a corner . It just is not the right economic environment to generate for $27 and sell for $5 . Further , operations personell at Ercot have frelayed their displeasure with me for "forcing them to OOME our plant." Can I get an opinion on whether OOMC means to run ? If you agree with me , what is our next step ? I need to move aggressively on this issue . Thanks ,
This is a start . I am having our Regulatory guy review our OOMC/OOME situation . Thanks ,
Please update your phone list with Frontera's new numbers . They would prefer that we use the toll free number . Thanks ,
Please check out the following . The agreement I reached with Ercot/Frontera yesterday is as follows: When we receive an OOMC , we will crank up the plant then call Ercot and request an OOME once the plant is online . If Ercot doesnt give us an OOME , then we will need to advise them that we will take the plant down . We dont actually want to do this , as there are some expensive start charges associated with this . We will discuss further in the meeting . Thanks ,
The latest from Frontera: They will not run unless we receive an OOME . Call me if you need to , but call before 10pm .
Thanks for checking in with me . I had a couple of questions: Does Anadarko have any power plants or do they trade gas/electricity actively ? I currently do several things: I am the Manager of the real time Power Trading desk . I also manage the Ercot Asset book . I trade around a combined cycle gas plant in south Texas . I am required to trade gas along with the power in order to properly hedge the plant . I would be interested in continuing in this area . Thanks for anything you can tell me about working at Anadarko . I could send my resume , but if we dont have paralell needs , then I wont bother . I have some other things that I am working on . Thanks again for asking . This company will be fine , but I have worked 12-14 hours/day for 8+ years . When the stock price is $90 , I can somewhat justify the hours and lack of life . However , although I am sure that Enron will bounce back , I am no longer willing to sacrifice to make it so . I have been consistenly profitable in my time here . I have never been on a losing team - we have always made major money for the company , so it is very hard to understand how this whole thing is unwinding . Anyway , thanks again and I look forward to hearing from you .
Thanks
Sure , I am online everyday . I get in about 6 am , usually putting the numbers on at 6:30 . I start with hr ending 8-22 and change to 9-22 usually when the first interval of he 9 is printed . This is at my discretion . You may post a limit order ( either a bid or offer ) that covers mine and transact online . You wont necessarily be trading with me , another counterparty can lift your offer or hit your bid . Let's trade it up!! !
A lot of shops are interested , mainly speculators . I have had at least 7 different counterparties use this . Utilities or generators have a big interest in hedging their balancing energy exposure , locking in a fixed return . How they are exposed to the imbalance price is their business , as I am not encouraging running an imbalance , etc . No problem with EOL , as we are trading it up . You need to add the US PWR Financial Swap to your EOL profile , in my opinion . You will see Ercot S 8-22 and N 8-22 . You will need to add these and every other hour listed . Thanks ,
Frontera was asked to generate 135 mw's for this day . They were generating but our meter read was showing zero . Ercot was also showing zero . Steve Olinde called and Frontera assured us that they were running . We will need to file a dispute for approx hours ending 1 - 7 ? I am not sure when the meter came back , but it was ok when I came in this morning . Thanks ,
Mark Patterson , our Rep , called today to ask me if everything was resolved to my satisfaction . I relayed that I did talk to John Adams last night and he did agree to give us one hour notice with an OOME instruction . This is great , however , Mark warned me that we were outside of the tariff because Ercot still maintains that OOMC means run . He relayed that in the event of line meltdown , etc . we would be liable . John Adams also said this last night . We are officially on notice of pIn my opinion we need to: Call Ken Saathoff and see if he can resolve their confusion today , otherwise we need to file whatever is necessary , under the protocols , to protest this ridiculous interpretation and to protect ourself from this "liability." Officially request clarification in the protocols on this issue . Thanks ,
I kind of lost my temper a bit with Mark . Probably wont sound good on tape , but I told him that a monkey-man wouldnt interpret the protocols that wIts the Dynegy thang talking .
We are long 50 mw's ( ercot asset book ) for the 2x16 .  This is scheduled into the North market .
We are long 50 mw's for 16 hours Saturday and Sunday . The length is under the Ercot Asset book and the cost is $15 . I am concerned about Sunday morning , specifically , hours ending 7-11 . If you could sell this for a decent price , it would be a good thing . The purchase is an interdesk deal , so it wont show in Enpower Scheduling . Also , for hours ending 15-20 on Sunday we are long an additional 100 mw's at $16.31 . The purchase is under deal #873330 from City of Austin . The temps are supposed to be warm and it should be muggy on Sunday ahead of the cold front . This is scheduled to the North Zone under Enpower 873332 . Either leave alone or sell under the Ercot Asset book . For Monday , we are long 50 mw's onpeak under another interdesk deal . The length cannot be seen in Enpower scheduling . This deal is under Ercot Asset and has been scheduled to load ( north ) under deal #873255 . Also , we have another 100 mw's from COA ( see Enpower #873330 ) for he 15-20 . This is scheduled to north zone under enpower #873332 . Dont forget that the night crew will report to the new building Sunday evening . The phones are to be inactivated here at 5:30 pm Sunday . Thanks and lets trade it up !
Any luck on developing this tool ? Also , tell me the status of the Esca people . The hourly trading system is not complete and I understand that they are leaving . No documentation on how to use the system is available , as far as I can tell .
We are collecting information to dispute Ercot's OOMC calculation . OOMC has not had a defined clearing price due to the the non-functioning Replacement reserves mkt . Ercot has asked us to file a dispute for each time that we were issued an OOMC . I think that this goes back to Sept 14th . Also at issue is the payment for the actual power once it is called for . Ercot claims that OOMC means run , instead of standby . So , for the times that we were asked to run , Ercot will only pay us the balancing energy price , versus the OOME heat rate calculation . How far can we go back in a dispute ? I thought we were somewhat limited .
It appears that Ercot is reversing their interpretation . We still need to dispute/collect for OOMC payments and also file under OOME heat rate provisions for all of the times that we ran when we were under OOMC . Does this make sense ?
The instantaneous supply in the form of ancillary services was supposed to be provided to us by COA . The contract was not specific concerning the intraday gas supply , or how we would schedule intraday power . COA wants us to "split the meter" at the plant , allowing us to schedule our own 100 mw's (  and assume all liability ) and also arrange our own gas agreement . Otherwise , they dont want to allow us intraday capability . The agreement doesnt expire until Nov 3 , 2003 . Their would be two gas contracts to consider , I suppose: Enron needs to contract for their own supply for this plant and also wants to sell to COA directly . When do you want to talk ?
So , it would appear that we have a good case for recovering some money for OOME ? I am of the opinion that for every time I was ordered to run under the OOMC , I should be paid the OOME calc . Is this flawed logic ? What do you think .
We are short 50 mw's for offpeak tomorrow @ $13 . I would not expect to have to fill this , but if you do , buy in the South and schedule under Ercot Asset . We originally purchased this power from El Paso . Call me with questions .
Tuesday good . I am at 680 ,  where the heck are you ?
Please check for your new Trid for your turret . Thanks ,
thanks
The move has been very smooth
Gerald , I am talking with Gary Bryan . You do need to be involved in this and I need your feedback . Come by when you get a chance .
Kim , Has the Savings plan website changed ? I admit seeing a e-mail about the change of administrators , but I didnt realize the website would be incapacitated . What's up ?
We still need to provide detail on when errors/ problems actually occur . I will work to get this to you by tomorrow . Thanks ,
thank you , you are one of my favorite hr reps
here is some more specific detail , as promised . Thanks ,
more detail
thanks alex! !
We have 25 mw's of length for the 8 hr offpeak block from thanksgiving through monday . hours ending 23 & 24 have the most value . This is your position , leave in North pool or sell as necessary .
Ben , Our Ercot lines arent working . We are located at desks 678-680 . Also , could you please make the Ercot lines 1-4 appear on page 1 of all Ercot hourly traders phones ? You did this for us in the old building , but those changes didnt transfer . The traders are: Joe Capasso Alex McElreath George Phillips Steve Olinde John Forney Thanks ,
Mr Taylor , I have attached my resume , that explains what the heck I have been doing . Let me know if anyone has interest in a profitable Woodlands boy . Thanks !
There is length for the offpeak scheduled in the North and South . LET IT RIDE , no adjustment is necessary . Ercot Asset is long 50 mw from 12-23 in the North . We will monitor and sell hourly , as needed . Thanks ,
I want to go to this !
Victor , Thanks for calling today . Obviously this hasnt been the best day in my 8 year career with Enron ! I have attached my resume for your review . I am interested in talking to you in more detail at your convenience . Thanks again , cell phone 713-412-7529
For all that have missed the floor meeting , we have been downgraded to "junk" status , ending our merger plans and crushing our stock price . A likely scenario would have us declaring bankruptcy within a few days . Payroll is said to be funded until the end of the month , at least . If bankruptcy is filed , payroll should be covered . Another very real option is that the trading floor could be parcelled and sold to an outside company . There are discussion underway that deal with this possibility . Currently , we are not trading . We need to continue to report to work and keep a log of Real Time prices . Continue to update the Hourly Prices sheet for a record of prices . We may need these prices as support for liquidated damages . More counterparties will be defaulting and cutting schedules . Please make note of such cuts and prepare to bill LD's . We have prepared a cut log for this purpose .
Shane , Thanks for your inquiry . See the attachment and let me know if your company has questions .
Shane , Thanks for your inquiry . If you have additional questions , please ask .
Kayla , LCRA exercised their option for tomorrow , 11/30 . See deal no . 882244 . I dont remember whether this gets trued up or not . Im sure it does . Call if you have questions .
Deb and I think of you guys from time to time . I am looking for a new gig as well . Enron Texas is having a great year again trading , but I am somehow out of work ( out of credit , at least) . Stay in touch and good luck .
Mark , Please see the attached resume that details my professional experience . I can be reached by cell phone , 713-412-7529 to answer any questions you may have . My home number is 281-419-4388 . Thanks for your interest . Director , Ercot Trading
Victor , We spoke a couple of days ago concerning employment opportunities at LCRA . Do you have any questions about the resume that I sent ? I can supply additional info or answer questions , as necessary . I was also wondering what specifically LCRA was looking for . I have QSE experience and am familiar with Ercot billing . Addtionally , I have some extremely capable co-workers that would be interested in talking with your firm . Our Ercot team has been profitable and is extremely motivated . Let me know if we have something in common . Thanks , John Forney Director , Ercot Trading
Josh , Thanks for the inquiry . I have attached my resume and if you could pass it on , I would appreciate it . Thanks again and I'll be talking to you soon .
Julie , Please see my resume , as attached . I would be able to meet Frank Busot and others this week or next , at their convenience . Please note that I would prefer to travel out of Bush Intercontinental Airport , as it is very close to my home . Thanks for your interest and let me know if I can provide more information to your company . John Forney Director , Enron North America
I apologize for your situation , given the strong performance and effort that I have witnessed from you . You are a true professional and I know that things will work out for the better . I expect to know my own status later this week . Here is my contact info: cell: 713-412-7529 home: 281-419-4388 Please see the attached resume and I look forward to speaking with you soon ( even if it is over a beer) .
What up badeer ?
It doesnt take you long to respond to a slam . of course , no details of our discussion were mentioned to badeer - i told bobby that you sounded like you came from a bar the last time i talked to you . i am flying out of state for an interview on monday . i expect to fly again later next week . i am still interested in being a part of a leaner trade floor at Enron , but this proposition is less likely than my leaving . the creditors and the bankruptcy judge are not that likely to approve good bonuses for performers , in my opinion . We will be dogged with credit issues and lawsuits for a long time . what do you think ?
Greetings: My name is John Forney and I am currently an employee of Enron North America . I am a Woodlands resident and take great interest in employment opportunities withyour company . I have been involved , primarily , in electricity and gas trading . I also have gas purchase and natural gas pipeline experience . I have a proven track record of success and look forward to new challenges . I have attached my resume which details my experience and capabilities . If you have further interest in talking with me , please contact me at 713-853-7160 or 281-419-4388 . Thanks for your time , John Forney Director , Ercot Trading
We understood , at the time , that the test was going well . This is Frontera's test to continue to bid in replacement and non-spin .
thank you
havent talked to you for awhile . hope everything is going as well as can be. . i have a biz question: is the cash balance plan safe ?
george , here is some info.. .
Frank , Thanks for meeting with me yesterday . I am impressed with your operation and the people who will be building this from the ground up . I'm sure we will be talking again soon . I regret that I wasnt able to stay longer and possibly catch some specs . Thanks again , John Forney
Allan , I havent heard anything from Anadarko , but I am talking to several other players . There is a possibility that I will be relocating to Tampa Florida or possibly back to Oregon . Thanks for passing my info along and inquiring as to my situation . We still need to make time for that beer . I get out of work very early each day , as our trading opportunities are severely limited . I would like to pass on a couple of resumes from two of my friends that were released at Enron . My friend has some solid accounting background and his wife worked in HR as a specialist . They are a Woodlands couple and would like to avoid that crappy drive to Houston . I know that Anadarko is probably being swamped with resumes , but I didnt know if your department had specific needs that may match what Jim has to offer . This guy is extremely detail oriented and capable . If you could review and pass these on , I would really appreciate it: this is my golfing buddy and he cant play anymore if he isnt working . Just kidding Tell me what is happening with you . (  I still dont miss Koch , but I miss working 8 - 9 hour days!) . I think that Mike Eiben has been long gone from Enron . I had been looking for him before the layoffs , but hadnt been able to find him in the voice directory , etc . Call or e-mail and I will meet at Buffalo Wild Wings or somewhere else . We dont have to talk about work.....no , lets not talk about work ! Thanks ,
Rob , attached are my friend's resumes . i also added mine for your critique . Let me know what you think . I need to talk to you about negotiating a new deal; unfortunately it looks as if I may be leaving the state , either to Florida or back to Oregon . The offers are starting to come in , but I dont want to leave anything on the table . Need your advice , so let's have that beer !
Frank , I spoke with Victoria Bender and Julie Gildea yesterday . Julie expects to send me some info today . I will be out of the office after lunch today , so it would be best if she sends e-mail to my home address , My cell phone will also be on , the number is 713-412-7529 . Thanks ,
Amy , do you have time to meet with me for 15 minutes ? thanks ,
yep
cant make it tonight . this is my 13th anniversary with the wife . i am going to humble for some dinner . we are going to florida on wednesday and will return on sunday . the company down there is flying us out to take a closer look at the area . it looks as if i have sold the audi . a guy put a deposit down on it today and i am supposed to meet him tomorrow . lets golf soon .
Isac's last day was November 6th . He took a job with Vitol , in the oil trading area . I dont recall who his HR rep was . Hope this helps ,
Here is the model that Delmarva sent to us , which needs to be run through a WinZip file . You may want to check it against the previous model they sent to us to see what has changed . I will be putting together questions on the model they sent over . Let me know when you would like to sit down and go through them . Bruce - you may want to go through it to check the O&M assumptions . Bruce , if you have any questions please give myself or Erin Norris a call . Thanks Ben
No , but thanks for the offer . Ben
Hey Mike , Thanks for the pics . Where were the ones from which looks to be a wedding ? Hey , how many tickets were you thinking about ? Were you thinking two for you and your Dad ? That weekend is April 1 & 3 , 2000 . I'm not sure whether that is Easter weekend or not . One other way to get tics is to go to www.finalfourseats.com Let me know your situation . Where are you spending the New Year ? Talk to you later . Ben
We and my family are going to Beaver Creek for x-mas but are going on a cruise which travels to different Virgin islands and will be in St . Barts for New Years . We have never been to these Islands or on a cruise before so it should be pretty interesting . I'll let you know about the tics . See ya Ben
All Right ! Thanks !
Here are the questions we have for you for tomorrow's conference call . Look forward to talking to you at 9:00am . Thanks , Ben
Here is the information on the generation bus point in PJM . The bus point is Oak Hall .
This is just a reminder for our conference call at 9:00 am Wednesday . We will call Patrick Smith from a conference room down here . See you tomorrow . Ben
Hee are Patrick Smith's brief comments regarding our questions .
Mr . Pushaw: Whats up my friend . It's been a long while-too long . The last time I saw you was when I was in New York for the marathon and saw you at that Italian rest . I've been keeping up with gioffre ( sp ) as of late and noticed your e-mail address , so I wanted to give you a shout . How's everything at law school going ? Will you be staying in NYC after you graduate ? I may be in NYC next year going to B-School at Columbia . I'm down here in Houston working with Enron . It's been a great experience but I'm ready to go back to school to get my MBA . Please give me a call when you have some time and lets catch up . My work number is ( 713)853-7998 and home is ( 713 ) 355-8738 . Hope all is going well and talk to you soon . See ya Ben
Here is the due diligence sheet Bruce sent me , which they will follow when going over the assets . Thanks Ben
Here is a presentation that I need to have "cleaned up" a little bit . I need this for this morning . Please let me know the status . Thanks . Ben
Here is the presentation . Please give me a call if you have any questions . Ben
The guy you are talking about left CIN under a "cloud of suspicion" sort of speak . He was the one who got into several bad deals and PPA's in California for CIN , thus he left on a bad note . Let me know if you need more detail than that , I felt this was the type of info you were looking for . Thanks ! Ben
Congratulations on taking over the top spot ! And you said these guys would be ok this year - your smoking crack again aren't you ? Looks like you guys could be Final Four bound in the RCA Dome in Hoosier Land . Good Luck Ben
Here is the latest presentation . Ben
Hey Nikhil; Hope all is going well and you also have a good holiday ! Ben
Here is the latest presentation I have updated . Ben
I can't believe it -those Hoosiers actually beat a good team . I'll admit that UK is not a real team this year- they need better point guards and a deeper bench , but lets get back to the real story . Look at those Hoosiers go ! Have a good holiday if I don't talk to you guys . Ben
Here is the latest presentation Don and I have put together . I will be out till Jan 2nd so have a good holiday . Thanks Ben
6:45pm sounds good , but make sure you get that Black-Scholes model finished before you go!!!!!!!!!!!!! ! See you there .
Here is the presentation we need colore copied and bound in a spiral ring 20 times ASAP . Company # is 413 and Company # is 1231 . My number is 3-7998 . Please give me a call when you are done . Thanks Ben
Here is a presentation Don and I have been working on . I have sent a copy to Tom Zenner , but please keep this very confidential . Thank you . Ben Rogers
Here is the presentation Don and I have been working on . I sent a copy to Linda Miller , but please keep this very confidential . Thank you . Ben Rogers
Yes this is correct - thanks for the message . Ben
Here is the map of our peakers plants . I am looking for some good bullet points to go along with them . Ben
Hey there; "Do you know who your "big toe" is yet ? Do you swallow alot of aggression along with alot of pizzas ? Well if you do , then you are going to be a lean , mean fighting machine . I finally finished all of my applications and have had several interviews with Columbia and Rice . Duke is in a couple of weeks . I'll probably here from NYU in the next couple of weeks . We were in St . Barts for New Years and it was awesome . We need to have a huge party when you get back in the summer . I talk to Gioffre quite a bit now and we are trying to get a lot of people together this summer . Hope your trip is going well and Keep in touch . I'll let you know how the B-School results come in . Talk to you soon . Ben
The meeting has been switched to 2:00pm over near room 3125 - TBA . Let me know if this doesn't work for any of you . Thanks Ben
Thank you for e-mailing me the report . If you could mail two of the reports it would be greatly appreciated . Thanks Ben
This periods time sheet . Thanks Ben
Testing email .
Did you guys hear that Kevin Hannon left ENA to go to ECI . Something BIG is happening over there . I hear rumors that someone higher than that may be heading over there . Ben
Here are the models that you are looking for . If you want , do you want to send me the latest "Old ISG" model and I can begin to think about how to incorporate the genco models into that one . Let me know when you guys want to meet . Talk to you soon . Ben
The meeting with Peco will be at 1:00pm in 3125b . Thanks Ben
Yes still in Texas , but thinking about moving back up East to New York . I have applied to B-School so I'm waiting to here from them . What a process this has been ! I have talked to Mike G . a couple times lately and we were thinking about trying to get alot of people together probably in the spring sometime . We'll see how that goes . Hope all is going well and next time lets keep in touch sooner . See ya Ben
Here is the latest presentation we have on the structure of our deal . If you have any questions please call Don Black at ( 713 ) 853-4750 . Thanks Ben
This refers to you two .
Thanks so much for that quick response . One more favor - are you able to pull Con Ed Annual report ? The ticker is "ED" . Thanks Ben
Here is a copy of the treasury model . Let me know if you have any questions or when you would like to go through it . Thanks Ben
Here is the LM 6000 model . Give me a call if you have any questions . Thanks Ben
A question already ? No rest for the weary . Yes there are maps that will fit in the cube . I have one at my desk that you can copy . Thanks Ben
Bullshit weasel!!! ! Let me see if that is possible . I leave for Raleigh to go visit Duke on Thusday and don't get back till Friday night , so we will have to see .
Here is the model with the project costs we were talking about . Give me a call if you have any questions . Thanks Ben
Here is the project cost model . Ben
Here is the Lincoln Model we have started to use . Let me know where you are going to put it . Thanks
Here is Mark's model .
This is the model from KN regarding their 4 LM 6000 Plant and their other plant which has 6 LM 6000's and I EA . These numbers are hard to follow so they probably won't make a lot of since , without me going through them with you , which we can do when I get back . I will be back tomorrow night and will be checking my messages . Ben
I talked to Greg Penman in Chicago and he was looking for some infomation on LM 6000's , but I need to leave for the airport . His number is 312.357.8872 . If you could go through this RFP or call him to see what other info he needs that I haven't given him already . Thanks Ben
I just wanted to let you know that I got out UT Business School's application on Thursday , so they received it on Friday . Megan and I are thinking about going down to Austin some time soon to see the school and see Austin . Megan has never been down there , so if you guys would be interested in going down to Austin with maybe Brandon and Allison , that would be alot of fun . Let me know . If you could send an e-mail or a letter to the person you know at Texas that would be greatly appreciated . Thanks Ben
I talked with Linda Swoy at Teco and got the information we needed and have already passed it on to Bernie . Thanks Ben
I'm trying to find good in this announcement but not much is coming from it . I did have a good interview at Duke Business School last week . I should be hearing from NYU-Stern and Duke in the next couple of weeks . What is my next option ? Any suggestions regarding writing letters to anyone you know at Duke or NYU ? Ben
Is there a reason why you think you are Batman ?
I can't seem to find any PPA's with this type of language . Also , I'm still trying to think who might have done a deal of this type . You may want to check with Ozzie Pagan . Thanks Ben
Here is the timesheet for this pay period . Thanks
Here is the Lincoln model we used . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks Ben
ICF Kaiser Prices used for Genco . Ben
Here is a prelim . copy of the PJM Memo . I am still adding additional information . Let me know if you have any comments . Thanks Ben
Here is a map of Genco . I'm still looking for some other summary information . Ben
Lunch sounds good , but already have a tee time for Saturday , but looking for a fourth - interested ? Ben
Here is the file we put together to track the different companies . Give me a call if you have any questions .
Sorry its taken a little time , but I'm talking to structuring this morning . I will hopefully get you that information today . Ben
In refernce to your daughter and St . Cecilia's kindergarten class , let me know if my wife , Megan , who is a second grade teacher at the School , can talk to someone or answer any questions for you. . Ben
The closest plant to our site is in Crisfield , which is to the West about 10 to 15 miles . DPL is the owner of the plant . Capacity is 2,500 kw's in the Summer and Winter and burns Fuel Oil #2 . Let me know what other information you need . Thanks Ben
Here is the current copy , we are still waiting for information from the structuring group for the last slide . Ben
Tomorrow's meeting on O&M costs will be held at 4:30pm in 3125A . Give me a call if there are any problems . Thanks Ben
I'll gladly take a % of your profits for getting you into the stock . Or I'll just take that money from you this Saturday . Ben
With regards to our conversation yesterday , I am loking for basic economics regarding GE 7FA's . Such as , 1 . output per turbine; 2 . output for 4 7FA and 2 steam turbines; 3 . Heat Rates; and 4 . cost per turbine and steam turbine . Total plant output will need to be 1000 MW's and will be run as a combined cycle facility . If you could get me these numbers by the end of the day or call me to discuss what you currently have that would be great . This project is not due till Wednesday . Thanks Ben
Lunch ? OSB OSB OSB OSB OSB OSB OSB
That's fine - more people I can take money from .
Here is a summary of the USEC transaction . Thanks Ben
Here is a brief summary of our transaction . I talked to Mike Coleman this morning and he said to talk to you about this project . Please give me a call so Tom and I can sit down with you today to discuss the project costs of the facility . Thanks Ben 3-7998
Rodney: Back when , Susan transfered all the files to me and we went through the entire reg.risk process . For the year I was in ISG , I never had to adjust the reg.risk book . I did not hand over the files to anyone else because the group was breaking up and figured it was better that I keep them . I was in yesterday going through all my files and the boxes under my desk and did not come up with them . In rotating down to East Orig . I lost a box of stuff , but I didn't think it had those files in it , but it looks like that was the case . Let me know what you want me to do , if anything at this point . Again , sorry for the delay . Ben
This is what Scot Chambers has sent me so far . Ben
I checked with Bernie and there are no reserves left in any of the accounts . Edith Cross who worked on the Welded Tube Reg . Risk Account and who sits next to Bernie helped verify that there were no reserves left . Ben
Tom Swank , the originator and I sat down with Bruce Golden and went through the porject cost numbers for the GE 7FA combined cycle facility . At this point we need to claculate FOM and VOM and other operating expenses . We feel pretty good about the project cost numbers . Let me know if you need more info than I have already given you . Bruce Golden has the soft copy of the project cost numbers . Thanks Ben
Bruce did give us project cost numbers and I will have him e-mail them to you . Also , you and I already went through the project eval . form on USEC . Tom and I were trying to get numbers by Wednesday , but give me a call once you get the project cost numbers . Thanks for your help with this project . Ben
Could you please send Scot Chambers the project costs on USEC . Thanks Ben
We only need +/- 25% operating expenses for now . Thanks , Ben
Thanks for the fast reply . That time sounds great . I have an information session at 1:00 pm and a meeting with someone in the Admissions office at 3:00 pm , so that works out perfectly . I'm really looking forward to coming to Austin to visit the school and to visit with you . See you on Friday the 18th at 2:30 pm . Ben
Do you have time to meet with Tom Swank and me on another project , which includes four LM 6000's . I have begun the modeling , thus we wanted to run through with you the configuration of this facility , since its going to be a "brownfield" . Talk to you soon . Thanks Ben
Mr . Titman: Thanks for your fast reply . Regarding Friday the 18th , I currently have a 1:00 pm information session and a meeting with someone in the Admissions Office at 3:00 pm . How does the morning work for you ? I look forward to meeting with you . Thanks again ! Ben
Are you able to meet with Tom and I on a different project , which includes LM 6000's . I have begun the modeling and we wanted to run through the numbers of this facility with you . Please let me know what is a good time for you to meet with us . Thanks Ben
Here is the copy of the GE Contract for the LM 6000's . Ben
Sounds Good ! Thanks for the e-mail ! Ben
Meeting will be at 10:30 in 3125 ! See you there . Ben
Thanks for the fast reply . I changed it online , but I wanted to make sure I wasn't booked for two different times . Also , are you able to tell me who I will be meeting with ? I am meeting with a couple professors before my Admissions Visit and just wanted to know who I was going to meet with from your office . Thanks ! Ben
Here is the my deal summaries for the weekly deal sheet . Thanks Ben
Mr . Titman: I have not heard back from Professor Ronn , so I am not sure as of now whether or not I can meet with him . I will give him another call today to see if he is available . Thanks Ben
Hey , I talked with Paul Burkhart and he told me the woman at UT B-School is Margaret Dutton , so if your still able to send an e-mail to her in support of my application I would appreciate it . Thanks again ! Ben
Here is her e-mail address . Again , thanks so much for sending this e-mail .
Sorry about getting to go through this with you . We can do this on Monday . Have a good weekend . Ben
Thanks for the reply ! I will be driving to Austin Friday morning and 9:00 am looks like a good time to meet . My afternoon ( 1:00-5:00 ) is full with a information session , meeting with other Professors ( Titman , Ronn and Jemison ) and an Admissions interview . I would appreciate it if you could send me your office location , so I can meet you at 9:00am on Friday . Thanks again for taking the time to meet with me . Look forward to meeting you . Ben Rogers
I thought I sent this earlier , but there are some problems with the system so here it is again . This is the deal sheet for the week of Monday Feb . 14th . I will go through it with Ben and show him how to track the deals and update the deal sheet on a weekly basis . If you have any questions , please give me a call . Ben
I wasn't sure you had this summary page for UAE . Thanks Ben
Here is the summary for UAE transaction . Thanks Ben
Here is the GE contract ! Ben
Here is the updated deal sheet for the GTD group . Thanks ! Ben
Here is the summary of the Rochester deal . Oscar , Russ and I would like to sit down with you tomorrow to discuss the specifics of the deal . Please let me know if you need anymore info than this and let me know what time is best for you . Thanks in advance for your time . Ben
I sent over to Scot Chambers a one page summary of Rochester and the one page project eval form that always needs to be filled out before getting O&M numbers to Scot . He knows that we need the numbers by Wednesday afternoon . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks Ben
Bruce: This is an e-mail from Rochester to Oscar discussing the transaction . Thought it would be helpful . Ben
Here is the turbine availability sheet . I confirmed that there are 3 GE 7 FA's . Ben
Thanks for the heads up , but I need to finish this model . Thanks ! Ben
Let me know what UAE says about the water source and how it will effect the new facility , so we can finalize the O&M numbers . Thanks Ben
Here is the form that needs to given to Scot Chambers once CTG fills it out with the originator . Ben
I actually just talked to Mary Lou this morning , because my dad e-mailed me this morning to get 6 tickets for the Final Four for both Saturday and Sunday ( April 1st and 3rd) . Thanks for the e-mail . Ben
I am finally getting some responses on the Final Four tickets . I will know by next week the final numbers . As of now it looks very optimistic . I am trying to get two tickets for you and your Dad . I think my dad and I are going and a buddy of mine and his dad . It will be a lot of fun . Let me know where you guys will be flying into and where you might stay . See ya Ben
If you could also let me know if you can get 4 tickets at the Cinergy Field box for opening day on Monday the 3rd . The game is at 1:00pm on Sunday ! Thanks ! Ben
Here is the Calpine model . Give me a call if you have any questions . Have not gotten the power curve or the VOM . Thanks Ben
Professor Ronn: Thank you for your reply . I have a meeting at 9:00 am , but I am free from 10:00 am to 1:00 am . If you could let me know what the best time for me to stop by your office I would appreciate it . I look forward to meeting you tomorrow . Ben Rogers
Here is the Rochester model . Ben
Here is a copy of the flow of funds for the Teco Project . Please give Don Black a call if you have any questions . Thanks Ben
Here is the Teco model from the client . I will also send you the Teco presentation I was working on for Don Black . He might call you tomorrow to work on it a little bit . Ben
Here is the Calpine model . We are still missing the VOM . Leave me a message if there needs to be work done over the weekend or on Monday . Thanks Ben
Here is the most recent copy of the presentations . Don - please call Jinsung if you need any changes . I will be in on Monday , so leave me a message if you need something for the beginning of next week . Thanks Ben
I will let you know by tomorrow what the exact times of the games begin on Saturday so when can fly in on Sat . We ended up working around the apartment and getting things in order . Pretty boring but nice . I ran this morning and played outdoor b-ball , it was really nice outside . Hope we can get together soon b/c it was good to see you and Susan for dinner last week . Talk to you this week . Ben
I talked to Mary Lou on Thursday afternoon and she said that we were all set with tickets ( 6 ) in the box seats . Does this sound correct ? Thanks for your help in getting these tickets . Hope you had a good weekend . Ben
It was good to see a fellow Yankee down in these here parts . I got some really good feedback from all the people I talked with . I think that UT would be a good fit for what I'm trying to do afterwards - with there energy-finance concentration and investment fund . Plus it would be fun living in Austin for a couple of years . When your in Houston next time wh can grab some drinks and go to dinner . Talk to you soon . Ben
Thanks for the informative infomation session this past Friday . Also , thank you for taking the time to listen to my situation regarding my application and talking to Dr . Harris for me . After meeting with many of the faculty and staff ( Professors Brown , Titman , Jemison & Ronn ) at the School , my desire to attend the School is quite strong . The School is a perfect fit for the career I am trying to pursue in energy and is a institution where I would be able to contribute to and learn from the energy-finance program due to my experiences with Enron . Eventhough I have tested poorly on tests such as the GMAT , I feel that the rest of my application is quite strong and that I have proven that I can successfully compete in a competitive environment ( ie . Enron) . I excel in environments ( team-oriented ) such as described by the many people I talked with at the Texas B-School . Again , thanks for taking the time to talk with me about my application and it was good to see someone from Boston , who lived in DC and was now living in Texas , such as myself . Regards , Ben Rogers
Wanted to see how the meeting with Don Black went regarding the "retail shorts" on Friday . Lets catch up on the other deals . Thanks Ben
Good Afternoon ! If your able to get a total of 4 tickets to the game that would be great . Thanks for your help with this matter . Ben
Don Black said a good time ti meet this afternoon is 4:00pm . I have a 2:00pm and I will call Claire in structuring to meet with her as well . Give me a call if you have any questions . Thanks ! Ben
Here are the assumptions you will need: Power Curve: Nepool Start Date: 6/1/01 Gas Curve: Transco Zone 6 Need: 4 and 5 year capacity numbers ( $/kW-mo. ) on a yearly basis Give me a call if you need any more information . Thanks Ben
Use Tenn . Zone 6 for the Gas Curve and NOT Transco Zone 6 . Thanks Ben
The meeting with Rochester on Thursday at 9:00 am will be held in 3125a . Thanks Ben
Scot Chambers at 6-8371
Claire: Here is the information for the Calpine project that we talked about yesterday and that Jim Simpson sent you the e-mail about . Hypothetical 4 LM 6000 Peaking Project in Eastern PJM Gas Curve: Transco Zone 6 Power Curve: East Hub Curve in PJM Commercial Operations Date: 6/1/01 We are looking for a 3 and 5 year capacity number ( $/kw-mo. ) one number for each time period . Please let me know if you need any more information regarding the project . Thanks for your help . Ben
Here is the latest Calpine model . Ben
Yes I am working on that with Bruce Golden to reduce that . It should be more like 5 to 6 months for the construction . Ben
Here is the most recent Teco presentation . Thanks Ben
Please use the Transco Zone 6 NON New York curve for the transaction we were talking about for Don Black . Thanks Ben
I will have property taxes for Gleason tomorrow and I will be talking with Jody Pierce regarding the Fixed Operating #'s and cost numbers as well . When I talked with Kevin Presto he thought that trying to use the 99 actual numbers and then escalting them was NOT a good idea , due to the fact that these are not "normal" operating assumptions . Please give me a call if you have any questions . Ben
It would be a trading/marketing power position . My goal is to understand power markets in detail and this would be a way to do just that . My # is
Meeting with Carl Livermore from structuring on Monday afternoon at 1:00 down on 29 at Carl's desk . We will be discussing the synthetic CC structure . Ben
Here is a presentation I need by 12:00 this morning . I need 1 set of transparencies and 40 color copies , where these copies are stapled and three-holed punched at the top . If graphics can "clean it" up a little bit that would be great. . I am trying to finish one more slide in this presentation but please go forward with this due to time constraints . Please give me a call if you have any questions . Thanks Ben
Here is the new presentation . Thanks Ben
Were all set . You and your dad should fly into Indianapolis Saturday morning or early afternoon . You need to look on a Website for when the games begin that day . We are actually flying into Cinci and driving over . Again , look at a website to see what time the Final game is on Monday night . Give me a call so when can go over meeting before the game to get you the tickets . Talk to you soon . Work number is ( 713 ) 853-7998 . Ben
Please let Thomas know that I will not be able to make the meeting tomorrow b/c I will be with Don Black . Thanks , Ben
Here is the latest numbers for the project models . I am still working on getting the property taxes for Gleason . Give me a call if you have any questions . Ben
Meeting with Carl Livermore on the Synthetic CC will be at 9:00am on Wednesday down at his desk . Thanks Ben
Here is the presentation that Don is giving tomorrow . Thought you would be interested in seeing what he was speaking about . Ben
Here is my time sheet for the week of March 1st . Thanks Ben
Here is Don's presentation . Ben
Here are the final notes from the meeting with RPU . Let me know if you have any questions . Ben
Here is the new value tabs . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks Ben
New Calpine Model
Meeting with Scot Healy on Calpine pricing will be at 3:00pm down on this floor . Ben
Here is the information . Ben
Give me a call when you begin to go through this . Thanks Ben
Here is the new Value tabs for the Genco Valuation model . The start payment/ turbine has not been changed and a I am working with Kevin Presto to get this nailed down . Evergything else is up to date . I am doing a check on all the property tax numbers . Thanks Ben
We don't have the tickets just yet . I will look into it and try to get them sometime next week . In the past week we didn't get them until the week before the tourney . I will let you know ASAP . Talk to you soon . Ben
Don't foul me - You know you mean to be a pain in the ass - it's your nature!!! ! Hope we can get together sometime this spring - D.C . if possible . Have a good weekend . Talk to you next week . Ben
Here is the bike club info . Ben
Are you going to D.C . for St . Patty's Day ?
I talked to Bruce on Friday around 5:00pm and they are getting us , as well as Nepco , the scope document on Wednesday . Nepco will take till the following Monday to turn the doc . around . I told him we need it sooner than that , but he seems to think that is the standard time of return . We need to find out from Reed more information regardin the configuration , noise , water , etc . We will meet with Bruce on Wednesday . We also may want to think about going up there with an Engineer to visit the site . We can talk more on Monday . Ben
Meg: I was wondering if you are able to give me an idea of when I would hear from the Admissions Office . My application has been with the office since Jan . 21st . UT is my first choice and I am very interested to hear form the School . Thank you for your help and hope to hear from you soon . Thanks ! Ben
Things are going well here in the States . Work is very busy right now and i am actually training to do the MS 150 Bike race . It a race from Houston to Austin . It's a 170 mile , two day ride with about 5,000 bikers . It's on April 16th and 17th . I rode this weekend only 40 miles . Yes I am going todo the NYC Marathon and for you virgins , I will kick your fat asses . Darnit , I wanted a pet Camel for our apartment . Yes I got your message last week - I had just stepped away from my desk and just missed you . When do you get back ? Sometime in the Summer . By the summer I hope to be in the 185 range , currently I'm right at 200!! ! Not very good . I have been talking with Mike Gioffre lately and were trying to get people together this spring or summer . I'll let you know when . Gotta go , but I'll talk to you soon . Ben
Tina: Ben T . sent where the deal sheets are located but I do not have access to either of these folders . We may want to have somebody who has access to these to track these deals while Ben is out . Let me know . Thanks Ben
Here is Part 1 of Skillings presentation ! Ben
Here sis part 2 of Skillings presentation . Ben
Here is the final portion of the presentation . Ben
Thanks for your fast response . I really hope all goes well and that I have done enough to demonstrate that I can contribute and be successful in the program . Thanks again ! Ben
I will still kick your ass anyday of the week - dirtbag ! I have done three times as many races as you virginboy , so put that in your pipe and smoke it .
Thanks ! The second report was the one I was referring to . Ben
Here is the latest model . Let me know if you have any comments . Then we should talk to Don . Thanks Ben
Professor Titman: Thank you for talking with the people in the admissions office . I wanted to ask you what you think I could do at this point to help the admission's people understand the reason for my GMAT score . I know that this is a poor reflection of what I can actually achieve and I know that I will do well and be successful in the learning environment at UT . If I need to , I can provide the admissions office the documents stating the disability . If you can let me know what you think I can do , I would appreciate it . Thanks agin ! Ben
Meg: I would like to make sure that I have fully explained the reason for my GMAT score . If the admissions office needs me to provide documentation on this disability I can do that . Due to this disability , the GMAT score is not a good indicator of how I will do at UT . Through what I have learned in my work experiences with State Street Bank and Enron , I know that I will be able to successfully do the work that UT requires . If you could let me know what I can do to further explain my GMAT score I would greatly appreciate it . If you think it would be better to talk to Dr . Harris-I will do that . Thanks again for taking the time to help me with this issue . Ben
Here is the latest model . Thanks Ben
The name of the new head of generation at KN is Anthony Lannie: ( 713 ) Formerly of Coastal , where he developed and originated a total of approx . Ben
In regards to the LD's , we do not agree with these LD's at this high level . In regards to the 5 year warrenty , I think we are only interested in a one year warrenty . Thanks Ben
The site conditions for the Perth Airport , which is a few miles fro Parlin is the following: Elevation: 66 ft . ( basically sealevel ) Weather Data: 1% occurance data dry bulb is based on 95 degrees , coincident wet bulb is 69 degrees , based off of 35 hours run a the 95 degrees . This information is from Bruce Golden . Ben
Mark: I did not locate the policy form , but the cap on giving to a Non-Profit is $5,000 per person per year . Let me know if you need anything else . Ben
Here are the research reports that Don Miller got from Raymond James's Research Group . The second report I believe is the report that you are looking for . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks Ben
Just wanted to let you know that I received an e-mail from Dr . Carl Harris , who at this point is in charge of my application . He wants me to answer a few questions , making sure I will be able to handle the MBA coursework . That was one of my main reasons for meeting with you and the Professors' Ronn and Brown , is to talk to you about the course work and inform you of my strengths and weaknesses , to make sure I could do the work . I know that with my financial modeling and accounting skills , energy-finance background and the Business School's team-oriented approach to learning , that I will excel in this learning environment . I will convey this message and others to him by tomorrow . I hope things workout and thanks again for your help . Ben
Just to give you an update , I reeived an e-mail from Dr . Carl Harris , who is currently in charge of my application in the admission's office . He wants me to answer a few questions to make sure I can handle the coursework . That is why I wanted to meet with you and Professors' Titman and Brown , to discuss the coursework and to talk to you about my strengths and weaknesses . I know that with my financial modeling and accounting skills , energy-finance background , and the Business' School's team-oriented approach to learning , that I will excel in this type of learning environment . I hope things work out and thanks again for your help . Ben
Here is the latest Teco presentation from Don Blank . Ben
If you can fit this on one page that would be great . Thanks Ben
Thanks for your help .
Ginger: I was referred to you by Kay Chapman . I have not received my W-2 Form . Are you able to print out a duplicate ASAP . I can come and pick it up when it is ready . Thanks for your help . Ben Rogers
Just wanted to let you know that I joined the ECC and so I get their messages know . Thanks for keeping me in the loop . Ben
I just wanted to let you know that I sent this letter to Dr . Harris addresses his concerns and stating my commitment to succeeding at The Texas Graduate School of Business . I hope I have done what it takes to prove that I can succeed at the School . Thanks again for your help and interest . Sincerely , Ben
I will be back Wednesday night . Please leave me a message if you need anything . Hope your presentation goes well ! Ben
Sorry for the late reply , I was in NYC and Boston on one of my deals . The two companies I talked about was Relient and Entergy . Relient ended up buying 19 LM 6000 turbines and Entergy ended up buying 28 LM 6000 turbines . They both plan to put them into customer deals , just as we are doing - so there is a little competition . The delivery dates are a little further out than ours but they all are probably delivered by 2003 . Hope this helps . Talk to you soon . Ben
I have been out of the office until now , so I will talk to you later today about the model . Thanks Ben
Dr . Harris: Sorry for the delay , I have been traveling with work and I just got back an hour ago . I can try and retake the GMAT exam if this will help my overall application file . I must say , due to my disability , I don't think my score would improve dramatically . I can also send you a summary ( or the whole report ) on my disability from the professional examiner to further explain my disability . I can also provide addition recommendations from my colleagues I work with to further demonstrate my achievements at work . If you could let me know what information would help best explain my disability , I would appreciate it . Thanks again for your e-mail and sorry for the delay . Ben
Dr . Harris: Since I am a eternal optimist , I always feel I can strengthen my skills in most everything I do , but under these circumstances with the GMAT ( timed exam ) combined with my disability , I feel this is my best representation for this exam . Also , I know that you would not what me to take the exam just to retake it , but due to my strong desire to attend The TEXAS Graduate School of Business , I would try to provide any additional information you needed to help strengthen my overall application file . Again , thanks for the fast response to my e-mail . Hope to hear from you soon ! Sincerely , Ben
Here is Don Black's presentation he did in Florida at the Infocast Conference . Ben
Thanks for taking care of this for me . The 2 tickets to the Reds is great . Thanks again with the Final Four tickets as well . Hope all is well and talk to you soon . Ben
Could e-mail me a copy of your latest model for Teco . Thanks Ben
Here are the new Fixed O&M numbers . I have not talked to Teco yet to clarify the other expenses , si these are just taking out the Marketing Fee . Thanks Ben
Here is the latest model . Let talk about it ASAP . Ben
Thanks for getting those tickets - it sounds like its going to be a great opening day . If you can FEDEX them to my office address that would be great . Do you know who has the Final Four tickets ? Thanks Ben Office Address: Attn: Ben Rogers Floor 3116d Enron Corp 1400 Smith Street
Hey ! How was DC ? Did JV get to meet the woman of his dreams ? Megan went to NYC for the week - its her spring break . I am finding out whether I can send your parents the tickets early or if we will meet them at the "will call window" at the RCA Dome . These are box seats so I don't know if we can get them earlier or not . Looks like it going to be a very interesting Final Four . See ya ! Ben
Only send me 2 of the Final Four tickets please . Thanks Ben
I guess I can't disagree with that . Thats fine . Ben
I will have those this morning . Thanks Ben
Sorry about that , I was working on the Teco O&M costs . Thanks Ben
Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks Ben
Dr . Harris: I would like to thank you for personally taking the time to closely review my application . Though I am disappointed with the results I am still determined to attend The TEXAS Graduate School of Business next year . I understand how competitive the process has become , but I felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , personality , extracurricular activities , etc . that this would compensate for my disability . After talking with Professors Titman , Ronn , Brown and Jemison , I was sure that the School was the right place to get the education I was looking for . I am still certain that the School is the best place for getting a great graduate-level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year . I plan on taking two or three graduate level finance courses at the University of Houston this Summer and Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions committee that I can compete at the graduate level . I also plan on retaking the GMAT test . Due to my disability , this will be a monumental task; but I am determined to prove to the Committee that I can be successful at The TEXAS Graduate School of Business . I would like to come down to Austin this spring to meet with you to further discuss my application file and to personally meet you . If you think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year , please let me know . Take care and hope to hear from you soon . Sincerely , Ben Rogers
Mike: My Dad has the tickets and is going to keep them with him . He doesn't want them to get lost in the mail . We are staying in Cincinatti and are driving over Sat and Monday for the games . The best thing to do is meet at a certain gate # or the "will call window" . I will call your Dad next week and set things up on a meeting place before the game . Leave me your Dad's home number so I can call him next week . These guys are going to have a great time that weekend . Talk to you soon . Ben
Here is the latest model that I have put together for the LM 6000 deals . Clement is now working with Don Miller on the valuation of Genco . Ben
First of all you may be skinny , but your a skinny geek - oh does that sound ? I am sending in my application in this week . Regarding grad school , I have gotten a couple of no's , but haven't heard from all the school's , but I am considering a position with an investment bank in NYC in their global power M&A Group . Good money but I would put off grad school a couple of years and by that time who knows , maybe night school at that time . I am training for the MS 150 , which is th 170 mile bike race to Austin . And you call me fatty! ! I'm heading the the Final Four next week - I ended up getting Mike Gioffre's Dad a couple of tickets , so he will in Indy . OB and I went out to dinner in NYC when I was up their last week . We went to a really expensive sushi place - it was awesome . He seams to be doing well - he is considering going to a dot.com . Gotta go ! I'll talk to you soon . Ben
Thanks for the e-mail and the information . Let's talk some more next week . Hope you had a good weekend at the wedding . Ben
Here are the Regional Heat Rates that should help you with the structuring models . Give me a call if you have any questions . Ben
Here is the latest Kinder-Morgan update from Scott . As you know , these guys have alot of generation and are under pressure to get several projects done soon . I also think that your price risk management structure would be a good product for them . Ben
First of all , I am going to run the NYC Marathon and kick both of your asses . Lets put a little wager on this . I headed to the Final Four this weekend and for a little opening day at Cinergy Field to see Ken G . knock some homers . A lot is going on with work and I'm also trying to figure out about grad school . I potentially have an offer to go work at an investment bank in NYC ( Merrill and CSFB ) Need to figure this out soon . Those pictures looked great from Bahrain and those other places . Hope all is going well and keep in touch . See ya Ben
Here is the presentation . Let me know if you need anything else . Thanks Ben
Page 8 of presentation .
My current golf game ! Ben
Rich: Here is the latest model with the Nepco costs . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks Ben
Go ahead make fun ! But when I kick your ass in the NYC Marathon then who will be making fun . Spealing of Houston Enron Field opens up tomorrow against the Yankees for a little pre-season game . It is an incredible ballpark . When will you be back in the area ? See ya Ben
I talked to Tom Swank this morning on UAE and he feels that we need to have Nepco still send out their best EPC number to UAE . Tom said he can buy some time from UAE , so that Nepco can send out the number the middle of next week . I talked to Bruce this morning and he was having Nepco continue to put information together on UAE . Thanks ! Ben
Here is the latest LM 6000 model . Let go through it this afternoon . Thanks Ben
Here is a presentation that I need by 11:00am Thursday . The presentation is almost complete , but if you can clean it up that would be great . I will need 8 coler copies and bound . Please give me a call before you have someone run the copies , because we may have some early morning changes . Thanks Ben
Here is the presentation . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks Ben
Basically , having chillers in the project ( running at full load ) will increase the Heat Rate by approximately 50 degrees ( ie . if HR is 10,465 w/o chillers to 10,409 w chillers) . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks Ben
Here is the presentation Bruce was referring to . Thanks
Here is the presentation that Don abd I gave to Entergy today . Thanks Ben
Here is the latest LM 6000 Model . Ben
Here are the new Fixed O&M numbers without maintenance reserve . Let me know if you have any questions regarding these numbers . Thanks for you help . Ben
Here is the pricing from Yvan . Lets talk about it when you get a chance . Thanks Ben
Here is another presentation , like the other one I sent to you last week . We only need 6 copies of this one in color in a spiral binder . Please give me a call if you have any questions . Thanks Ben
Here is the latest presentation on Teco . It was presented to Dave Delainey and others . Let me know if you have any questions . Ben
Here is Don Black's presentation on his price risk management structure . Ben
The meeting regarding the Teco Structure will be held in 3125 at 3:00pm . If you have any questions please give me a call . Thanks
The meeting Don and I had with Kinder/Morgan to discuss his Price Risk Management Product went really well . We met with Park Schaper ( CFO) , Anthony Lannie ( President of Power Group ) and Jay Hopper ( VP and General Manager ) was on the phone from Denver . They were very interested with regards to potentially replacing long term tolling agreements with this product . Enron could provide a five year toll and the product would begin in the sixth year through year 15 or 20 . We talked very little about their existing projects; Little Rock and Michigan . They do have all the permits for the Little Rock site and are moving forward with the Michigan site and still do not have any tolling agreements in place for those projects . The ball is currently in their court and were going to get back with Scot with respects to the projects and with Tom on the PRM Product . Please let me know if you have any questions with this matter . Thanks ! Ben
Home number is ( 713 ) 355-8738 Ben
Here are the times for the meetings with Finance and Accounting: Joe Deffner on Monday at 4:00pm in his office on 28 Roger Ondreko on Tuesday at 9:00 am in his office ( 3358 ) Let me know if this does not work for you guys . Thanks Ben
Tennis then eat sounds good . Let me know where you want to meet before hand . Thanks Ben
Here is the model Teco sent us and that Erin expanded on . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks Ben
Here is the Entergy presentation . Thanks Ben
David: How's S.P. ? Wanted to ask you a question regarding your town house . Have you sold it or are you renting it out , b/c we might be interested in renting it from you if you have not done so already . Let me know what you think . Talk to you soon . Thanks Ben
David Slocum works at a bank called BB&T and the number is ( 804 ) 649-3991 . Ben
Here is the UAE model . Ben
Here is a presentation which is complete but we just need 10 color , bound copies by 3:00pm . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks Ben
Here are the total project cost numbers for Terra Industries , based off of a 2 LM 6000 configuration facility located in Tulsa , OK . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks Ben
Here are the SkyGen presentations . Thanks Ben
Here is the list of questions Yvan sent to Chris Smith and his responses.Ben
The Teco meeting will be held Monday at 2:00 pm in room 3125 . If you have any questions please give me a call . The main issue will be the current assumptions in the models and the output prices from those models . Thanks ! Ben Rogers
I have a meeting with Thomas Suffield and Rich Park at 5:00pm and I will get to it right after that . Thanks ! Ben
Here is the model we were just looking at. . Again , it will be changing ! Thanks Ben
Here is a brief list of the projects I have worked on in the first quarter of this year . Just to let you know , I am technically in Mike MIller's IPP origination group . I moved over to this group last week . I am still going perform the same function as I did in CTG , but now from the IPP group . Thanks ! Ben
Here is the latest model . Per the document I sent you , the new deal structure is not in there yet . I will be in on Sunday to finish it up . If you have any questions please leave me a message on my voice mail . Thanks Ben
Dr . Harris: In my pursuit to strengthen my application profile for next year I have explored taking two graduate level night courses this summer and I wanted to know what courses the admissions committee would suggest that I take this summer . I wanted to make sure that I was taking the courses that were most appropriate with regards to my application . Just to let you know , I was planning on taking two finance courses . Thanks in advance for your suggestion with this matter . I was in Austin yesterday for the completion of the MS 150 Bike ride , but was not able to stick around . Hope all is going well and hope to hear from you soon . Regards , Ben Rogers
The Teco meeting had to be changed to 5:00 pm still in the same room on 3125 . Hope you all can make it and give me a call if you can't . Thanks Ben
What Attachment ? Thanks
Here is the model Teco sent us that we revised to add some of ENA's assumptions . Ben
Here is the VOM and Heat Rate for the Little Rock , Ark . site located in Entergy ( Entergy Hub) . The site is on Entergy's 500 kV line and on NGPL's pipelines . VOM and H.R's are the following: There are four levels of running the configuration: Full Output with Duck Firing: 542 MW's/ 8,842 Heat Rate Full Output wothout Duck Firing: 422 MW's/7,907 Heat Rate One GE 7EA: 105 MW's/8,251 Heat Rate Warm running GE 7EA: 59 MW's/ 9,831 Heat Rate Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks ! Ben
Hey Jinsung: Can you send me the latest SkyGen model , so I can continue to stay updated on the transaction structure . Thanks ! Ben
Hey David: Megan and I are thinking of moving and I wanted to know what you had done with your place . Give me a call when you get a chance . Also , a person you worked in the past now sits next to me - Michelle Parks . Give me a call . Hope all is well and lets talk about going up to the Vineyard the same time this summer . See ya Ben
I was trying to schedule the meeting for next week , but Cinergy has there quarterly board meeting next Thursday , which means they might be too busy to meet before then . Ben
SkyGen Presentation
Revised UAE Model Ben
Break a 100 ! Come on , have a little more faith than that . I actually can't play - something came up with work . Have a good weekend . Ben
SkyGen Model
Just testing to make sure that this e-mail went through ! Talk to you soon . Ben
Here is the wholesale presentation Silling gave to the Wall Street Analyst's . Ben
Here is the 2 on 1 configuration for the GE 7FA turbines . I will put together pro-forma model based on this configuration . Ben
CIPCO term sheet . Ben
We moved the meeting to 12:00 for tomorrow and I am still searching for a room , but am willing to do it just up on the floor near Rogers or Curry if that is not a problem , because this shouldn't take too long . Thanks ! Ben
The Entergy meeting will be held at 12:00 ( High Noon ) in room 3125a . Thanks for your attendance . Ben
Here is a file from Kinder/Morgan . Look at the performance tab and that should give you a good idea about the output and the heat rates . Lets talk about this later . Thanks Ben
Thanks for the FYI . I had not talked to him but the earnings report looked great . I am headed to Rich and Nancy Kinder's tonight to meet former President Bush . Talk to you soon . Love Ben
Here is the Florida model . Ben
Here is the latest turbine comparison sheet . Let me know if you have any questions . Ben
Here is one of the models I have been working on , its the combine cycle model . Here is also the summary page I am working on with the different case scenarios . Give me a call or e-mail me to tell me what you think . I am also building a combined - simple and combine cycle model . My home number is 713-355-8738 and work is 713-853-7998 . Ben
Here is the LM 6000 model we have been using . Lets talk about the projects Steve is looking to model sometime early this week . Thanks Ben
Here is the presentation with the different product structures . Let me know of any changes or additions . Thanks Ben
Good to hear from you ! It's been a while . I am also going to work for another year . My undergrad grades were what held me back . I have already enrolled in a summer graduate finance course for the summer . How Fun ! I am also retaking the GMAT . But what I am looking forward to is kicking your ass in the NYC Marathon since I signed up and will hopefully get in . Megan will is almost done with school and will be spending most of July in NY . So I will be coming up to NYC quite a bit this summer . Would you be interested in going out to Colorado this summer to play some great golf . They have some fantastic courses . Other than that - work is going really well and Enron stock and company culture is really getting noticed by Wall Street , which is great for future job opportunities . I'm playing a lot of tennis , golf anf basketball as of late and its been quite fun . Hope all is going well and lets get together when you get back . See ya soon . Ben
Here are the different presentations that you are looking for . Ben
Here is Don Black presentation which he will pick up Wednesday morning . Please give me a call if you have any questions . Be sure to print out 10 color copies or black and white . Thanks Ben
Here is a newer version of the presentation , please use this one . Thanks Ben
Basic summary for Teco: Still working with Finance Group to come up with different finance structures . Working with Insurance group ( weather desk ) to wear the risk of the project , since the Power desk will not wear that type of risk . Pricing of the put , call and spread option values is still not finalized , because Kevin Presto has said that he does not put much value into these plants in Eastern PJM Don Black is beginning to look at other companies for his price risk management product . He feels he will not be able to get a deal done with Teco at this point in time . Let me know if this is suffient for your analysis . Ben
Here is the Goldman Presentation
Thanks Ben
Hey there- Megan's sister who lives in DC and who is a real estate agent , noticed your house was for sale and wanted to talk to you about it . So here is her Hope all is well and talk to you soon . Ben
Hey guys , Here is Chris Choby's e-mail . He might not respond right away because he is on a ship and the e-mail sometimes does not go through right away . Hope all is well and talk to you soon . Ben
I thought that was probably a mistake , because you haven't mentioned it and I don't see why you would sell it while you were away . See ya Ben
We are still looking for capital costs for a 730 MW plant in Texas , which comprises of 4 FA's and 2 STG's . We are currently using $450 MM for a total project cost number , which comes out to be $616/Kw . Thanks Ben
Here is the e-mail that Bruce just sent me . Make sure that you do not use this for any binding agreements or client discussion purposes . These are the numbers I have used in my model and here are the new Plano numbers . If you have any questions please give me a call and I will walk you through the changes . Thanks Ben
Here are the new Plano numbers and the revised Homestead numbers . Please only use these for discussion and model purposes and not with client conversations . These are all indicative cost numbers . Give me a call if you have any questions . Thanks Ben
Here are the FOM and VOM for the Synthetic CC plant . Ben
Hey , sorry its been a little while but I've been traveling and keeping some late hours on these generation projects . With regards to UT , I am going to stay at Enron for another year . I feel that the thing that hurt me from getting in the schools I wanted to get into were my undergraduate grades . So I have decided to take a couple of graduate level finance courses this summer and re-apply next year . Actually , I'll apply to Columbia this Sept to get into their January program , which goes for a year and half . So lets get together for lunch before you head off for B-school this summer . Talk to you soon . Ben
Dave: I was talking with my brother-in-law who is Kinder/Morgan's VP of Corp Development and they would be interested in talking with us about contributing their 5,000 MW's of generation into a JV/Partnership to lead into a public offering . We are still under several different CA's with them , due to our past conversation's regarding generation . With our previous discussions , Rich Kinder had suggested to Kevin Hannon if Enron would be interested in buying the whole Orion Project , but at that time ENA was only interested in the first couple of projects , due to the delivery of the turbines . In light of our past discussions and KMI's desire to exit the generation business , this JV would give them the perfect "exit strategy" . Also , it would give us a better growth strategy , with respects to our talks with other parties . I know that bringing in a potential third party would complicate the deal structure , but I think that it would build a much better growth story to Wall Street . If you think this would be a good idea , I can begin to set up a meeting as soon as possible with Kinder/Morgan . Thanks ! Ben
Here is the combine cycle Florida model . Ben
Here is a draft version of the FPL presentation .
Here is the VOM and FOM for a 4 GE 7EA plant in Vicksburg , MS . These numbers are a good estimate based off of our Caledonia plant , which is currently operating in the TVA region . Please give me a call if you have any questions . Thanks ! Ben
Sounds Good ! Ben
Ben: I am putting together a presentation for FPL and we are going to show them our potential development sites . Who do I talk to to just get the different locations ? I am trying to get a draft to Ozzie tonight . Thanks Ben
Here is the latest Entergy presentation Don and I put together . Ben
Hey Bruce , Oscar and I are looking to have the first 2 questions answered . If you could look at these and get back with me that would be great . I'm working on the 3rd question now . Thanks Ben
Here are the different LM 6000 model for Florida and the price from the desk .
I sent this information on to Bruce Golden so hopefully we can get something back by tomorrow . Thanks Ben
Here is the latest PJM pricing from the bus point used for Don Black's information . Use the PJM web site to find addition information . Ben
Here is the other information on PJM .
Here is the information to the questions regarding WPS . Ben
Work number is 713-853-7998 . How is the fundraising going ? I went to go see former President George Bush at a cocktail party/fundraiser the other night . We heard both the former Pres . and Barbara - it was great to hear both of them speak . Talk to you soon . Ben
Clement: Here is the FPL presentation . If your able to change the graph on page 7 , where it just shows the total on the table and not on the graph , that would be great otherwise I will change it in the morning . Thanks Ben
Ben: I talked with Thomas Suffield and he wants Miguel Vasquez to run the numbers on the Florida model. , since they have been running numbers on the Plano model for a little while now . I walked Miguel through what I had done and how they should look at running the model , based on what Thomas found out and what you have said in the past . I also gave them the numbers that the desk has given based on the simple cycle case ( 5 year number ) and combine-cycle case ( 5 year number) . From this they have modeled and graphed these different scenarios . I also worked on getting a bid and ask from the desk , but you may need to talk to Berney because they are not giving out the ask at this time . Hope this helps and please give me a call if you have any questions . Thanks Ben
Please give me a call when you get this . Thanks Ben
Here is the confidentiality agreement Jerry Vennemann sent me from CINergy . Lets talk about this as soon as you get time . Thanks Ben
Here are some of the important Teco files . Lets talk tomorrow about Entergy Ben
Here are some more files . Ben
Here are the maps for the development sites . Ben
Here is the Entergy project cost model . Ben
If you can finish the map up , I have to work on another project . Thanks Ben
You will need to talk to Miguel Vasquez . He is the one who may have the model . Thanks Ben
Here is a revised CA with CINergy . They also sent a clean version thinking that we might not have any changes other than what we had before . I am still trying to talk to Jeff about paragraghs #5 and #6 . Thanks Ben
Here is the "back office"/systems revised presentation . Thanks Ben
Congratulations ! That's fantastic . My sister , Chrissi , had her second ( a boy - Will Rogers Morgan ) on Friday , so I have been a hospital alot these past three days . Hope everything is going great and hope to hear from you soon . Regards , Ben
Here is the VOM and FOM for the Entergy model . Yvan Chaxel is using these same numbers in his spread option value model . I am still getting the model together . Ben
Here is the Schedule B Attachment . Ben
Corrected version of the Financial Information .
I have moved into a new group ( M&A group) . I am still working a little bit with the originators , but not nearly as much as before . Hope things are going well with the CTG people . Ben
Miguel Vasquez now is running the model and he has the updated proforma . Thanks Ben
I got a message from Mike regarding the PPA's and PDA's and he and Dave are currently working on revising the PPA's and will have something this afternoon . It seems like the PDA's will take a little longer . Thanks Ben
Revised copy of PDA . Ben
Here is the presentation for Old Dominion . Let me know if you have any questions . Ben
I have not had the chance to run those numbers for CIPCO . I am trying to shoot for later today or early tomorrow . Thanks Ben
I will be able to make it and will be making my plant arrangements today . Thanks Ben
Maria: Wanted to let you know that I just faxed over a two page document . Thanks Ben Rogers
Great PICS . When do you get back ? I want to see if we can get together up in NYC or DC with OB and Mike . I will be in the Hamptons for July 4th weekend . It's starting to get hot down here in Houston . Things are going well . I have moveed into a new group ( Enron's M&A Group ) - were looking at some interesting deals . We are looking at taking a company public which I may go work for if I can get enough equity in the deal . The other thing that might happen is finally going to my pops company at a much higher position than I am at now , which would be great , but I would be in Ohio , booooooo . That way Megan and I could buy a house and potential go and get an executive MBA from Kellog , but these are all scenarios and if any of these play out I would be amazed . My golf game is ok , but my training is starting to get better . I did see that none of us made the NYC Marathon on the first go around . Did you see that Jon and Kati had their baby-I didn't even know she was pregnant . Shit were getting old!!!!!!!!! ! Hope all is going well and I'll see ya . Ben
Here is the latest model . It was only used for the project cost analysis and nothing else , so some are are not fully completed . Let me know when you would like to talk about the deal or model . Thanks Ben
Hey there , Have I got a potential job opportunity for you . My neighbor at work since this business plan to me to see if knew anyone who would be interested in joining this company and believe it or NOT , I thought of you . Give me a call when you go through this BP . Keep this confidential . How did you like those pics from Chobs of the girls on the beach . Have you taken them home yet and done unspeakable things to them ? See ya ! Thanks Ben
Yes , she had a boy - Will Rogers Morgan . Are you going to be in the Hamptons for the July 4th holiday ? Megan and I will be up there for 4 or 5 days around then . Talk to you soon . Ben
Megan will be at the wedding that weekend , but I will not be able to make it . Megan is going to spend most of July up in New York . How is the fundraising business going ? I heard that Clinton's fundraiser tonight will bring in $23 million which will be $2 Mil . more than George W. , which would be pretty impressive . Ben
Hey Jon , Again Congratualations on your baby , that's great . My sister just had her second two weeks ago . Megan and I will be in DC the weekend after the 4th of July for a wedding , will you guys be their that weekend , if so it would be great to see you guys ? Hope all is going well and talk to you soon . Ben
I lokked for the soft copy of the presentation on the peakers and could not find one in my files . I would try giving Clement a call because he was the one who put it together . Ben
Here is the spreadsheet Bruce Golden used to calculate the Homestead project costs . Ben
Here is the MW degradation calc . we were talking about . Ben
Here is the version that you sent me . I wanted to see if you had a updated version . Thanks Ben
John: Here are some of the companies that have announced merchant peaker plants recently . Give me a call if you have any questions . Ben
Ben
Here is ENA's peaker comp analysis . Ben
Here is the spreadsheet with the DCF analysis from CSFB . Ben
Don: Regarding my conversation with John Garrison on the GE 7FA costs . It looks like that for every year and a half the costs go up approx . $2.0 MM . The next available order for GE 7FA's is 3rd qtr . 2003 . Ben
Your not going to bed at 5:00 tonight because you will be getting your ass kicked in Tennis tonight . Tennis anyone ? Ben
Dwight: Here are the merchant peaker costs Don Miller wanted me to send to you . Ben
Don: I will be leaving early today to catch a flight to New Orleans for a friend's bachelor party in the Big Easy . I will be back early on Sunday , so please leave me a message if you need anything and I will be in on Sunday . Hope to make it back safely . Have a good weekend . Ben
Mike: Thanks again for taking the time to meet with me last week . I left you Rich Kinder's number on Thursday with your assistant , Sheilla - hope you got it . Again , I think a deal between or three companies is something to really look at . I think it creates a great story to the street . Kinder/Morgan brings the growth story , the gas pipelines for the convergence play and the development team , Enron brings the MW's and trading and Cinergy brings MW's , trading and operating expertise . I feel that Enron and Cinergy can work togther with regards to the trading . I am sending you an anayst report I just finish reading regarding generation spinoffs - I think it will be helpful . Also , Kay Chapman , Dave's assistant informed me that you were coming up next week , and I wanted to know if you wanted me to be there or not or if you wanted me to prepare anything for you for the meeting . Hope you had a good weekend and I look forward to talking to you soon . Regards , Ben
A very good time was had by all . I for one lost some shorts and a voice , but it was well worth it . Thanks Miguel and everyone else . Ben
Mike: Just a thought regarding Kinder/Morgan . These guys mainly care about the gas pipelines and that some of there projects are actually put on there lines to increase throughput . These plants that they want on their lines are currently in construction or development . Their only operational plants are in Colorado . They have a good generation team , but I fell that they do not want to be in the business of operating and maintaining the plants , just as long as somebody wants to put them along their lines . If you guys offered to buy their plants and projects , they would mainly care about price ( cash and stock in the new company ) and to put contracts in place for some of their projects to put on their lines . Hope this helps . Ben
Here are some of the points Cinergy will cover on Monday . They are coming down with a team of 4 or 5 people -Mike Cyrus , Bill Greilis , Chuck Winger , Art Vivar and Brian Stall . Ben
Hey Jon; Just e-mailing to see how everyone is doing . Megan and I are going over to Austin to a resort to celebrate our 1st anniversary - I can't believe it . I've been trying to work on the golf game , but I'm taking a couple of graduate business courses at night so that keeps me pretty busy on the weekends as well . Hope all is well and I'll talk to you soon . Go Sox ! Ben
Dave: I talked with the legal guys at Cinergy and after further discussions with Mike Cyrus , they felt that since these discussions were at a high level and very early in discussions that a "CA" at this time was not needed . There were two sticking points that I was trying to get them to backdown from: 1 ) a stand-still agreement and 2 ) a solicitation agreement . They were not willing to back down from these , thus they concluded with suggesting no "CA" . Let me know if this is your thoughts as well . Thanks ! Ben
I am pretty sure I have a copy , but it is really old and out of date , but I will try and find it ASAP and send it on to you . Thanks ! Ben
Here is the list I was referring to . Ben
Dee: Can you please have someone just print six copies off . Nothing else . Thanks ! Ben
Mike: Here is a list of deals I have worked on for the first half of 2000 . Please let me know if you need any other information . Thanks ! Ben
Here is the latest copy . Once you may the changes I am going to run it by Mark Metts and send it over to CINergy . I am trying to get this sogned today , so I can head down to Florida to meet up with Don and company . Thanks Ben
Jennifer: Here is the latest CA for Jerry to review . Please send him this e-mail asap . Thanks ! Ben Rogers
I just talked to Mark Metts and he has officially signed off on the CA . Could you send me down a clean , draft version of CA4 . I will run this by Delainey b/c Detmering and Donahue are not in today . Thanks ! Ben
Jerry: Here is the latest "CA" with everyone's changes . I feel that this is pretty close to the best we can offer in terms of the stand-still and non-solicitation agreements . Enron usually does not get into stand-still agreements , so doing this one was a big step for Enron . Look forward to talking to you tomorrow morning . Thanks for your patience . Again , this is a draft copy for discussions purposes only . Regards , Ben
Here is a clean version of Cinergy's latest comments . Ben
Bill: Here are the two CA's we are currently working off of . The first one is Enron's latest draft and the second one is Cinergy's latest draft . Enron usually does not get into stand-still agreements , but we decided to in this case . We have been exchanging comments for two weeks and now we need to sit down and discuss these points from a commercial stand-point to get over these differences . Please give me a call when you get this so we can go through these issues . Thanks for your time with this issue . Regards , Ben Enron's version Cinergy's version
no topic , just updating everyone on where ENA is currently going and doing . Come down and get free pizza . Ben
So when are we going to have the sale of the B-Ball Goal . It is still here and I am beginning to lose money as I play more , so I need to get it out of here before I lose anymore money . Ben
Stuart: I'm heading into a peaker meeting at 9:00 , but will be out in 30 minutes or so . I talked to Jerry this morning and the best time to talk with him is this morning before 10:00 our time . Let's try and talk with him about the remaining issues this morning so we can work on them from our end to eventually talk with him later today . Thanks ! Ben
Jerry: After all this here is another Confidentiality Agreement , but this one is for ICF Kaiser and their market report . It should be straight forward ,  but please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks ! Ben Rogers
Jerry: Here is the ICF confidentiality agreement that Stuart revised . Hope this is to your satisfaction . Please let me know if you have any questions . Ben
Here is the capital cost comparison analysis . Ben Rogers
No idea ! You must have received this by someone else .
Jerry: Here is a clean version of the ICF confidentiality agreement . Ben
Weasel! !
Here is the capital cost of peakers I sent Thomas Ben
I told you that I don't have it with me - it's in my fucking car and if you ask again I will have to come up there and stick that pager up your ass . How's that for a reply ?
Here is a brief description of our meeting with Kevin Presto . Ben
Randy: I have a couple of items I am working and wanted to know from you . 1 . How will the annoucement of the 55 MW plant in R.I . and the potential stake in the 1,650 MW plant in Texas effect the current asset portfolio ? 2 . I am working on a spreadsheet identifying all the current and the coming on-line merchant MW's in detail . Can you provide me a detail list of which plant assets are merchant or are going to be merchant . Thanks , Ben Rogers
Here is what FPLE sent>
Randy: I am putting some information together for you guys and wanted to know if you could send me FPL Energy's logo by e-mail . Thanks Ben Rogers
Randy: Here is the latest version of the "work-in-progress" pitch book . Please make comments and send back . I will contnue to add to it , so please fell free to give me a call about the presentation . Thanks Ben Rogers
Here is the presentation I sent to Randy at FPLE yesterday . Please give me a call if you have any questions . Remember , its a work in progress so information is being added all the time and I will send out major changes as we go along . Thanks ! Ben Rogers
Here is the back-office presentation which we set up for Orion . Thanks , Ben
Randy: Here is the May 11th presentation . The other presentation will follow asap . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks ! Ben
Randy: Here is the other presentation that you requested . Thanks ! Ben
Here is a brief and older presentation I found . Hope it helps . Ben
To All: Here is the presentation Don and I put together for Dave's meeting with Mark Frevert next Thursday . He has seen it and has signed off on it . Don will be out most of the week coming back potentially Thursday and I will be getting back around 3:30pm on Wednesday . If there are any last minute changes please leave me a message or talk to Jinsung . Thanks and have a good weekend . Ben
Here is the model , which I will follow it up with other financial information . Please give me or Don Miller a call if you have any questions . Have a good weekend ! Ben Rogers
Here is the summary of the financial information . Ben
Lisa: Congrats on everything thats going on in your life ! I also wanted to congratulate you on getting into the NYC Marathon - I think thats great . I am subjecting myself to do this again ( don't ask me why ) since I found out that I got in the other day . Good luck and hope to hear form you soon . Regards , Ben
Here is the latest version of the presentation . The only difference should be the Construction Mgmt . Org chart in the back of the presentation . Thanks ! Regards , Ben
Yes , would you like ?
No need to get hostile - would you like it verbally or orally ? ( I 'm referring to the notes )
none - just wanted to see how you were thinking - dirty bastard
Latest presentation ! Ben
Here is a slide that should help you out . Let me know if you need anything else . Thanks Ben
Dr . Ueng: I wanted to mention this to you yesterday after the test , but didn't have time . I was taking this course because I am applying to another business school and since I have been out of school for six years I wanted to provide the other schools with a recent academic record . I was trying to get an A in the class , but my first test was not my best work . I feel that I did much better on the second test and that Brandon and mines case studies and my class participation were good enough to get me close to the A level . That said if I am also able to get a recommendation from you I would greatly appreciate it . I know that you are extremely busy now , so if I could get in touch with you at your earliest convenience that would be great . Thanks for making the class educational and quite enjoyable . Hope to talk to you soon and hope you can enjoy the rest of the summer . Regards , Ben Rogers
Dave: Here is a recent draft of our presentation on the ENA/FPLE JV , which we are presenting to the banks in tomorrow's meeting here in Houston . This recent draft has been looked through by Jeff Donahue just this morning . Don Miller is expecting your call with comments . Thanks for your time . Regards , Ben
Jim: Here is the presentation for tomorrow's meeting . Regards , Ben
Here is the presentation for tomorrow's meeting between Enron North America and FPL Energy . Regards , Ben Rogers
Here is the presentation I was talking about . No changes need to be made to it . We need 15 color copies , bond at the top with a spiral binding and clear front cover . We need it by 6:00pm tonight . Thanks Ben Rogers
John: Here is the presentation for tomorrow's meeting with Enron North America and FPL Energy . Regards , Ben Rogers
Can you please send me the latest version of the JV model . Thanks ! Ben
Called today about the seats and they are going to work on that and will let me know as soon as possible . Let me know what else you are trying to do that weekend . Thanks Ben
I came in this weekend to go through the model that I thought you were going to send me on Friday . Can you send that over so I can get up to speed with it . I am just trying to learn how you have been valuing these assets . Thanks Ben
Raul: Information on flights to Denver Leaving Houston on Thursday 31st at 3:30 - Arriving Denver ar 4:54 pm on flight #35 Leaving Denver on Monday the 1st at 4:27 - Arriving Houston at 7:46pm on flight #379 . Hope this works ! Ben
Amy: Here are my answers to your questions: 1 . Yes I think its a good idea , because you are able to reach a wide audience with this advertisement . 2 . I don't think the contest should be limited to just these schools/conferences . You probably should open it up to all schools to get an even wider reach of potential candidates . 3 . I would think that if you had a certain amount for the cash prize that people would take it seriously to try and win the cash . 4 . Please let me know if I can support you in any way . Thanks Ben Rogers
Thank-you ! I am very much aware that he is sensitive to people looking at this report . Ben
Just wanted to let you know that we got the tickets for the Reds game . Ben
Dave: Here is the most recent backoffice presentation . Ben
Jim: Here is a draft copy of NewCo's trading , risk management & backoffice presentation . The last page is still being worked through . Thanks ! Ben Rogers
Brian: Here is the presentation we put together for the banks and FPL Energy . If you have any questions please give me a call . Thanks ! Ben
Aldo: Here is a draft presentation of the trading , risk management and backoffice . Please give me a call if you have any questions . Thanks ! Ben
Dave: Here is the latest copy of the backoffice services presentation . Ben
Chris: Here are the comps we put together for merchant peaker plants . Please give me a call if you have any questions . Thanks ! Ben
Dave: Here is the latest version , please ignore the earlier version if you have not seen it already . Thank you ! Ben
Aldo: Here is the latest version of the trading , risk management & backoffice presentation . Please give me a call if you have any questions . Thanks Ben
Claire: Please include me in on the Volleyball Tourney this Friday . Thanks ! Ben
Ed: Just wanted to see if your around for taking lunch this week . Ben
Thanks , I am just trying to learn from you this type of modeling ( M&A ) and to make sure I know the model if in case your out and Don needs something . Regards , Ben
Professor Ueng: Hope all is going well and you have either finished or are almost finished your Phd . I was wondering if I could be able to find out my grade for the Financial Mgmt . class ( MBA-5318 A ) I took with you this summer . Is there a website we can go to or something ? Thanks ! Ben Rogers
Michael: How's your summer ? Are you in Delaware now ? I am going to set up a weekend in DC in the Fall and I will probably do it around homecoming weekend . I want to try and set it up for most of the people will huge out with , but will take other suggestions . I will be sending out e-mails to everyone informing them of the weekend . Choby is going to set up a bar to rent out for Saturday night . In the past , you have sent me e-mails with a bunch of different e-mail addresses attached to it . If you could send me a list of the e-mails you have for our friends that would be great . Thanks for the help and lets talk about this further . Talk to you soon . Ben
Dave: Just wanted to say thank you for the invitation to Cafe Annie next Wednesday , unfortunately I will not be able to make it . I can't tell how much I enjoy working within ENA and in particular the East Origination Group and with Genco . Thanks again for the recognition and for giving me this opportunity to work in ENA . Regards , Ben
My shares are just as worthless as the next guys...After announcing 27% increase in earnings , but on the same day overshadowed by the REI deal , they are certainly needing some deals to do . My advice...execution , execution , execution , of DEALS . that is . Ben
RIGHT!! !
Let's try the week after next . I will be in Martha's Vineyard all next week for a little R&R . See ya Ben
Here you go !
Thanks !
Chris: Tom Swank ( 3-7194 ) isa Director in the Midstream group under Ed Baughman . The company he is on the board of is Pennaco Energy , Inc . The company may or may not be looking for capital . Tom knows alot about gas and is a good guy to bounce ideas off of . Lets head to lunch on Friday . See ya ! Ben
I know that you are disappointed about his move .
I talked with Choby and OB yesterday and it looks like our old apartment ( Q42 ) as well as John , Alan and Jimmy's old apt ( Q44 ) will be attending their wedding . I can already begin to see the craziness . See ya Ben
Hey man - good to hear from you . It must be rough house sitting in River Oaks , just remember to leave the furniture before you go back to school . Next week would be great to get some brews . My wife and I are moving this weekend so it is quite hectic this week . I will need a lot of booze after this move ! How's Chase ? I'll talk to you soon . Ben
Just wanted to see how everything is going over there at EBS . I had lunch with Andrew today and he was asking how everything was going . Ben
Michael: I hope you have received the FedEx that I sent you yesterday as well as the fax . I am finishing up the one page summary and will try and have that for you by Friday . Thank you for taking the time and I look forward to talking to you in the near future . Regards , Ben
Count me in for the game tonight ! Thanks !
Do I have to mention Calpine to you today -- Holy Shit !
Hey: My office number is 713-853-7998 . Lets try and go to lunch this week . Talk to you soon . Ben
How does Wednesday sound ?
Sorry about that ! I started on around May 8th and I plan on rotating around the end of the year . Thanks and sorry for the delay . Ben
Friday it is ! By the way , I heard Mark Warner left The Big E ! Ben
Here is my timesheet for the pay period of July 15th to July 31st . Thanks Ben Rogers
Stan: I just wanted to touch base with you and let you know I am still with Enron and still enjoying the experience and currently working on selling some of our power plants with the Generation Investments Group . I also wanted to say congratulations on the birth of your twins - thats great ! If there is any chance to have lunch I would greatly look forward to having lunch with you . By the way , I had a really good conversation with Rocky Storie the other day . He was my representative for my performance review and I felt he did a great job and I greatly appreciated it . Hope all is going well and I look forward to talking to you soon . Regards , Ben
Are you able to go off campus for lunch ? I was thinking about just driving by and picking you up . Let me know where . Ben
I was thinking Otto's Burgers out on Memorial . Should I pick you up in front of your building ? If s,o what street ?
Here is the list DLJ sent me . Ben
Chris: Here is a draft copy of the list of companies that we are thinking about sending information to regarding the 2000 Peakers as well as the development sites . Please let me or Don Miller know if you have any comments . Thanks ! Ben
Here is a draft list of potential buyers of the assets . Ben
Here is the latest version of the potential buyers list . I am contining to update this spreadsheet . Thanks Ben
Latest version of potential buyers list . I am continuing to update this list . I am still waiting for comments from Andy Kelemen . Ben
Kevin: Here is a draft version of the contact list for the projects . We are adding to the list LG&E and Nipsco . Please let me or Don know your comments . Thanks for your time . Ben
Ed: Just wanted to let you know that I will be in a meeting from 4:00 to 5:30 pm and wanted to try and get a draft copy of the CA over to these guys today . Let me know if this is possible . Thanks Ben
Jim: Here is a Draft copy of our contact list for ENA's projects . Please let me or Don Miller know of your comments . Thanks for your time . Ben
Mike: Here is a DRAFT version of the CA between Enron and KM Power Co . Please comment , mark-up , etc . and send back so that we can get to a final version . Thanks for your time and I look forward to hearing from you soon . Ben
Stuart: Here is their response to our Draft version . Let me know what you think . Thanks Ben
Omar: Here is the latest company contact list . I went ahead a put in all the addresses of the headquarters , thus some addresses my have changed for the business unit we are sending these to . Please let me know if you have any comments . Thanks Ben
Jim: Here is a Draft copy of the Teaser letter . Please let myself or Don Miller know of your comments . Thanks Ben
Jim: Here is an updated version . Please disregard the previous version . Thanks Ben
Short and sweet - just as you requested . Ben
I thought you might think this is pretty funny . Mike sent it to me . Who said Enron doesn't play well with others . Ben
You may want to send this on to Joe .
Hey there: I will call his assistant and will let you know where and when to pick them up . How is everything going ? Is the planning going along smoothly ? Talk to you soon . Ben
Hey ,  I checked on the tickets and she is sending them to me and I will send them to you . She mention that they are for the 15th , which is a Friday , I guess a night game but I'm not sure . I recall your most recent e-mail as stating the 16th - is that right . If so , I hope their wasn't a screwup on anyone's part . Please let me know . Thanks Ben
Jim: Here is the latest version of the contact list . Please send back to me your comments and/or changes to the list . Thanks Ben
Ed: Here is the information for the AES Corp CA . AES Corp . Glenn Davis Vice President 1001 North 19th Street Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks Ben
The tab in the file titled 2000 Peakers is a consolidated list . The other tabs are just tabs I used to gather information and are currently not used . I hope this clears things up . Give me a call if you have any more questions . Thanks Ben
Sorry about this . Here is the right addresses for AES AES Pacific , Inc . 100 Pine Street , Suite 3300 San Francisco , CA 94111
Here is the latest turn on the Investor List . Can you please have someone add fax numbers to the list . Thanks Ben
Here is the latest version of the contact list . Please let me or Andy Keleman if you have any questions or concerns . Thanks Ben
Hey , I just wanted to make sure you knew to use the new form - unilateral confidentiality agreement . Also , that we wanted to try and get it out to AES either later today or early Monday . Thanks again for your help . Ben
Latest turn for the Pastoria Investment Merits section
Here is the latest contact list . Please send back when complete . Thanks
Look Out ! Gravy Train Coming Through !
Their address in Cincinnati is: Mr & Mrs . James E . Rogers 6 Noel Lane Talk to you soon . Ben
Latest turn of doc .
And the winner is...Jeff Skilling!!!! !
Ran into Ed this morning and he said that he ran into your ugly ass this past weekend . I told him that it sucks for him but its over so all the better . He said he was taking notes from the way you dress , thats if he ever went back to being single again . Biked , ran and workedout this weekend . I am on the path to kicking ass and taking names . Bring it! !
Most recent turn of document .
James: Here is the latest version of the contact list . Let's use this one as the working list . Thanks Ben
Chris: Here is the latest contact list . Don Miller is going to give you a call soon . Ben
Jim: Here is the latest contact list from us and CSFB . Don will be giving you a call soon . Ben
Don: James sent this last night around 6:00pm . The guys below received this version as well . Ben
Here is the latest changes from our conference call . Please make your changes and send back . Thanks Ben
Rumors my ass . AXA wants to sell to you guys and the street feels it favorable and a good fit for your business . Overpay ! Overpay ! Overpay !
Revised Investment Merits section
Here is the latest version , please add any changes and send back . Thanks Ben
Here is the latest teaser letter .
Here is the latest version Ben
Here is the almost final investor list . Please give me a call if you have any questions or especially updates from calls made to customers . Thanks Ben
The CA is finished and the teaser letter needs one more run through this morning and I will get it to you later this morning . Thanks Ben
Who's the bitch - bitch . The the reason why you can't get in is because you can't do it . They know who is worthy and who isn't . I am WORTHY .
Here is the latest versions of the CA and teaser letter . Ben
Please use this form of the CA . We had to change the heading . Thanks Ben
I added another investor to the list , so here is the latest version . Thanks Ben
Here is the latest versions of both .
Here is the latest version of the letter . I added a column to deal with what has been sent out to the customers Ben
James: Here is the Final Teaser Letter to use for sending out to customers . Please give me a call if you have any questions . Thanks Ben
Here is the clean and red-lined version of section 1 . Ben
Here is the clean and red-lined version of section 1 . Ben
Here is the clean and red-lined version of section1 . Ben
Sorry about this . No more changes after this . Thanks
Here is the latest version of section 1 .
I am still looking for a appropriate Caledonia model . I have a couple of finance models , but I don't think those will work . I will send something today . Thanks Ben
I am still looking for the right Caledonia project model , I have a couple of finance models but I don't think those are what you want . I will send something today . Thanks Ben
Here is an older project mode we used . Please do not show this to anyone . You can pull out some of the Caledonia information from this model . Let me know if you have any questions . Ben
James: Here is the latest Contact list . We sent out CA's and T's to Reliant , Kinder Morgan nad PSEG Global this morning . Ben
Here is the latest CA , Teaser letter and contact list .
Chris: I was out of the office on Friday and will be going through the model this morning . Not much has occured on my end , but lets talk about the model later today . Thanks for the Caledonia presentation . Ben
I will be making these changes this morning and sending an e-mail to you with the changes . Thanks for the interest in these projects . Ben
Jeff: Here is the latest version of the investor list - as of this morning . The list is usually updated daily , so please let me know if you want an updated copy daily or weekly . Thanks ! Ben
Here is the CA we sent to PSEG Global . I am bringing up their comments on hard copy . Ben
Here is the latest investor list . Give me a call if you have any questions . Ben
Here is the CA from Kinder Morgan that we sent out for the Peakers . I did not send out any other CA's . There is one very minor change that they sent me . I will bring it up to you . Ben
Mr & Mrs James Rogers 6 Noel Lane Megan and I had a great time with you guys . We need to figure out about going out there for skiing . Thats when we can really make fun of them . Weasel ! Ben
They will be there for one day this week , but really not till Sunday , when they leave Houston for Cincy .
We are going to have to push back the meeting to review the model if that ok . I need to finish up some work down here as well as review the model a little more to make sure I am familiar with it . Thanks Ben
Here it is: Mr & Mrs James Rogers 6 Noel Lane I'm glad you guys had a good time out there . It's such a great place to spend a weekend .
Mr & Mrs . James Rogers 6 Noel Lane
The 1:00 pm meeting will be held in EB 2988 . There is no call-in number but the number in the room is ( 713 ) 853- 3846 . Please give me a call if you have any questions . Ben
Thanks for the note , except of course for the last comment , why don't you just go seat in row 100 - alright . Megan and I had a great time and enjoyed having you guys come out. . I love going out there during the summer . We are going to arrange a ski weekend on President Day Weekend this February - so make plans to be laughed at while skiing . I didn't mean laughed at - I meant having a fun time . Talk to you soon . Ben
I have the tickets , where do you want me to FedEx them ? Ben
Just wanted to let you know I got out both PG&E and Diamond Teaser letters and CA's . We already heard back from PG&E and will probably have the CA signed today and the book out to them tomorrow . Thanks Ben
Can you please send me Ida-West's fax # and Phone # . Thanks Ben
yes and I'm all set Thanks
Here is the information you need: Thanks and let me know if you need anything else . Ben
Latest version as of last night .
Here is the latest version . Please check your latest version and what you have sent out recently to make sure everything fits . Thanks Ben
Poor Bobby ! What a way to go out . I actually do feel sorry for the guy . He should have gone out on better terms , but now some people will think of him only in this context . Ben
Wanted to let you know that I FedEx the tickets to you today to the address you gave me . You will get them tomorrow . Please let me know how everything goes . See ya ! Ben
Here is the latest investor list . Please update and send back . Thanks Ben
Here is the latest contact list . I added a couple of names to the list . Please makes comments based off today's new CA's and send back to me - thanks . Ben
We are not going to send back this investor list anymore . I am going to send both you and James an update each night that we send something out , but only you guys make changes to the Investor List . Also make sure that you still send the signed CA down to us even if there are not any changes to the CA , we need to have our legal team go through it first . Thanks ! Ben
Please forward this e-mail to James Heckler . Thanks Ben
James: I talked with Thomas Favinger and Tom Boren is the CEO of PG&E , which is not the best guy to send the books to . The better person is Thomas Favinger and his address is: Thomas Favinger PG&E National Energy Group 7500 Old Georgetown Road Bethesda , Maryland 20814 National Energy Group is the sub of PG&E . So please send out 2 books to Thomas tonight . Thanks ! Ben
We also received two other completed CA's tonight . You can send the books out tomorrow for these if its too late . The companies are Edison Mission and Ida-West Energy . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks Ben Total Tonight: Caithness PG&E National Energy Group ( Thomas Favinger ) Edision Mission ( Maybe tonight , if not tomorow ) Ida-West Energy ( Maybe tonight , if not tomorrow )
This is what I sent to CSFB tonight . Ben
Mike: Here is the resume I told you about . Also , if you could have another talk with Brandon , I think that he may still be interested in a position . Thanks ! Ben
James or Rishi: Please send out books to CalEnergy tonight . We are still waiting for some others from legal , so I think that is the only one that will go out tonight . Please update the list and send it down to me . Thanks Ben
How the hell are ya ? Wanted to drop you a line and see how you were doing and let you know that Brandon and I continued the tradition and went to the DMB concert last night . Must say that it wasn't the same as being with you in a limo , but we still had fun . Wanted to get your number up there , b/c I will be up in Chicago for Thanksgiving and was hoping to meet you in Chicago then . Gotta run , but I hope all is going well and I'll talk to you soon . Ben
Please send out AES Corp books today to Glen Davis . Please give me a call if you have any questions . Thanks ! Ben
Just wanted to let you know that I sent out the teaser letter and CA to Tractebel today . Ben
James or Rishi: Please send out the books for Sempra , PPL Global , and NRG . We have executed signed CA's with them and are ready t go out . Thanks Ben
Hey Mike: You won't believe whose wedding Megan and I are going to in early Oct . - Marlon and Marissa's . As well as OB , Choby , Mike and like Patty Donahue , Sammy , Amy , etc . It should be pretty interesting to say the least . I am also running in this year's NYC Marathon which falls on the first Sunday in November . So trying to get to the east coast for a third time has been tough to arrange . How was Patty's wedding -it looked like alot of fun . I still want to meet up with you guys somewhere , but I'm just not sure where at this point - I still think DC . Let me know what you think . Ben
Luke: How are ya ? How is the DC area these days ? Houston is still fucking hot and Enron is still doing well and the price is still screaming so things are good . In response to your inquiry regarding Homecoming . Megan and I are actually , if you can believe it , going to Marlon and Marissa's wedding the first weekend in October in NJ . Also , OB , Chobu , Mike , Corpina and Danny , Patty D , Sammy , Amy , etc . are going as well - should be interesting . I haven't seen some of those people for quite awhile . I was trying to set something up , but that came up as well as I'm running in this year's NYC Marathon , which is the first Sunday in Novemebr , so trying to arrange something became even harder . I still want to get together with you guys , but trying to figure out when and where . Suggestions are welcomed . Hope all is going well and talk to you soon . Ben
Eric: Am I able to send this 3 page summary out to potential buyers ? Wanted to make sure it was ok before I sent it out . Thanks Ben
In you pants!! !
I am sending out by fax signed CA's by Enron to MEGA , Dominion and Teco to be signed by them . They should all be signed probably by Monday night . We now have an executed CA with Avista , so please send out two books to them ASAP . Thanks ! Ben
There is an amendment to the TVA Interconnection Agreement in the due diligence files that is not signed by TVA . Was one ever signed ? Please advise ASAP .
Sounds great ! I think Chicago will be a pretty good time . Talk to you soon about it . Ben
Yes I did ! Mr . & Mrs . James Rogers 6 Noel Lane
I think want you mean is M.A . which is short for MaryAnne . We have always called my step-mom by the initials . In business years ago she was known has MaryAnne . Hope this helps !
Please send out 2 books to MEGA at the following address: Steve Eckert Merchant Energy Group of the Americas , Inc . 151 West Street , Suite 300 Annapolis , MD . 21401 Thanks ! Ben
Please send 2 books to Duke Energy , to Steven Schaefer and 2 books to Newport Generation at this address , with attention to Larry Folks Larry Folks Newport Generation 4 Park Plaza , Suite 450 Irvine , CA 92614 As of this e-mail , had not heard back from Dominion or TECO from the call I placed this mornng . Ben
Please send out 2 books to TECO . Thanks Ben
Yes , I will get them together and send them to you . Ben
Here are the indices . Give me a call if you have any questions . Thanks Ben
They will be on the way . We had to make some changes . Ben
James: Please send out 2 books to Enron's Canada office: Attn: Jan Wilson 70 York Street Suite 1100 Toronto , Ontario M5J1S9 Thanks ! Ben
Here is Pastoria for now ! Thanks
Data room will be , for now , in room EB 2180 and the phone number is ( 713 ) Thanks Ben
Here are the names at Calpine to send 1 book each to: Ron Walters Calpine Corp . 50 West San Fernando Street San Jose , CA 95113 John King Calpine- Western Office 6700 Koll Center Park Suite 200 Steve Snow Calpine - Central Office 700 Louisiana Street Suite 2700 Bill Siderewicz Calpine - Eastern Office The Pilot House , 2nd Floor Louis Wharf Boston , MA 02110
Don: I put in a call to Kinder/Morgan this morning . I have not heard back from Anthony Lannie , who will be heading up this process for them . Again , I think they will be interested , but probably through a joint bid with Southern . I will continue to follow up with these guys to measure there interest . Ben
Here is the presentation for LC Cogen . Ben
Guys: Here are some questions from PG&E via CSFB . I will be sending another set of questions shortly . Please let me know how you would like to handle these questions going forward . Talk to you soon . Ben
Here are the additional questions . Thanks ! Ben
Just a couple of fun games for you ! Ben
Here is the latest version of the management presentation . Lets talk about it when we all get in on Monday . Ben
Here are the questions for Ameren that we are sending out today . I wanted to make sure that we incorporated some of your comments before we sent it to them . If you could please add your comments some time this morning , that would be great . Thanks Ben
Mitch: Here are the questions for Ameren . I wanted to incorporate your comments before we sent them out today , so if you could comment on some of these questions that would be very helpful . Thanks Ben
I know this is short notice . but are you able to meet with Mike M and Don M for a couple of minutes regarding the Ameren questions that I sent you at 11:00 . Please let me know . Thanks Ben
Stuart: These are the questions we have answered for them . Please review and make sure that they are in accordance with ENA's information policies . We are sending this out to them today . Thanks Ben
Jon: Here is the first of six e-mails regarding the inventories of the peakers . Regarding , the output and heat rates on the turbines , we copied for you the performance tests , which should have summary information on the output and heat rates at the end of each of the performance tests . Please let me know if you do not find them . Thanks ! Ben
Jon: Here are the safety record files for the peakers . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks ! Ben
James: Just wanted to let you know that we sent out 2 books to Tractebel Power , Inc . today . Ben
Thanks for the info . We found the org charts . Ben
I talked with Theresa Voss about the insurance on the peakers and she said that they have been making payments on the peakers and that this "billing separately plan" on the peakers will last until March of 2001 . At that point , an umbrella plan will cover the turbines . Regarding the balance sheet , they have been accounting for it under prepaid insurance and have been amortizing it each month as its been paid . Let me know if you need anything else . Ben
I know how e-mail is suppose to work , but its been so crazy here that I haven't even been able to do that . We were here last night till 10:00 and it looks to be the same tonight and potentially for the rest of the year . This project is going to kill me . I glad to see that you are active on the net . I'll keep in touch a little better . Love Ben
It wasn't like I was neglecting you . You must understand that e-mail is faster than sending a letter and its slower than calling someone , but there is not always an immediate return . Some people are lazy with returning e-mail . It has been really busy here . We are working long hours and this project is trying to close by the end of the year . It's a $1 Billion project , so it takes alot of work . Talk to you soon . Ben
Eric: I got a call from David Martin looking from Jason Staebels phone number . Do you have it or do you know who does ? Thanks Ben
Here is the our version of the Confidentiality Agreement . Please let me know if you have any questions . Also , I talked to Scott Chambers and he said that he recently talked to you and sent you some information . Hope it helped . Ben
Here you go ! Again , good to hear from you . Ben
Guys: Don Miller and I would like to set some time up with you , today if possible , to talk about state and local tax issues for the 2000 peakers . I will talk with Don about a good time to meet and let you know . But let me know what is a good time for you this afternoon . Thanks for your time . Ben
Here is the latest version of the management presentation . We are contining to update and fill in the holes . Please give myself or Don a call if you have any questions . Thanks Ben
Squeeze in some golf or bet on the horns - I sure we can find some "other" activities to keep you , I mean us , out of trouble . Ben
Dave: Just wanted to remind you about the call I received from Paul Cavicchi with Tractebel . He was calling to ask about an extention to the bidding on the assets . I basically said that there are no extentions except for bids that are strong bids that come in on Monday or Tuesday of next week . He sounded a little disappointed that they got the book so late , but still seemed interested in the assets . Hope this helps . Ben
Omar: Here is the final version of the Pastoria Facility . Ben
Here is the latest version of the presentation . Ben
Cliff: Do you have Dierdre's address in NYC . Megan and I are staying there next weekend and are getting picked up at the airport and need to tell the driver where were going . How is everything going ? Slow down the traveling yet ? Make sure you include yourself in the Turkey Run on Thanksgiving in Chicago . Talk to you soon . Ben
Thanks , C
Sorry to hear that . I called Patty again to ask her brother if he knew anybody running the marathon . I also called Megan's sister , Deirdre to see if she knows of anyone not going to run , but signed up . I hope this helps . It would great for you to be in it , running it . Ben
Good to hear from you . Yes , it was a wonderful weekend to work all weekend . Were very busy at work and will continue to be so through the rest of the year . It is very upsetting to hear about Kara . Seems like she has a long way to go to recovery , but I'm optimistic that she can get to where she needs to be . I talked to her Sunday morning . She seemed upbeat . I hope the place she is staying at is giving her a glance at how bad it could be so that its kind of a wake up call . Let me know how Megan and I can help . Megan is going to get this really good book on Manic Depression . Hope we can talk about this soon . Love , Your Son
Here are the files from Wheatland and Brownsville in dealbench that have some issues . Wheatland: All of 01.01 General - Issues: Missing in Dealbench; Potential reason: Very large file 01.02.16 Umbrella Title Insurance Issues: Missing in Dealbench; Potential reason: Unclear 01.02.19.02 A Index of Closing.. . Issues: Missing in Dealbench; Potential reason: Unclear- needs to be moved over from livelink 01.03 Equipment Contracts Issues: Missing in Dealbench; Potential reason: Westinghouse contract - haven't received consent and very large file 02.03.13 Indiana Utility Reg.. . Issues: Missing in Dealbench; Potential reason: Unclear - needs to be moved over from livelink 02.03.15 A Erosion & sedimentation.. . Issues: Missing in Dealbench; Potential reason: very large file 02.03.15 B Erosion . .. . Issues: Missing in Dealbench; Potential reason: very large file 02.07 Consultants.. . Issues: Misspelled in Dealbench; Change "Cunergy" to 04.01 Performance test data.. . Issues: Missing in Dealbench; Potential reason: Very large file Brownsville: 01.01 General.. . Issues: Missing in Dealbench; Potential reason: Very large file 01.02.17 Land Option Agreements Issues: Missing in Dealbench: Potential reason: Very large file 01.02.19 Land Lease Agreements Issues: Missing in Dealbench: Potential reason: Unclear - Needs to be moved over from Livelink 01.03 Equipment Contracts Issues: Missing in Dealbench: Potential reason: Very larg file 01.03 . 01 A and B Same as above 01.03.01.02 Same as above 01.03.02 Westinghouse Proposals.. . Issues: Missing in Dealbench; Potential reason: Have not received consents yet 02.01.03 Air Permit Notifications: Issues: Missing in Dealbench: Potential reason: Very large file 02.01.04 A.. . Issues: Missing in Dealbench: Potential reason: Very large file 02.06.09 Site Surveys & Maps Issues: Needs to be named in Dealbench 04.01 Performance Tests.. . Issues: Missing in Dealbench; Potential reason: Very large files 04.01.06 Stack Compliance.. . Issues: Missing in Dealbench: Potential reason: Unclear - Missing in livelink as well , need to research 04.01.08 Fuel Flow: Issues: Make sure that this is in Caledonia as well b/c this file referneces Caledonia as well Let me know if you need to see the physical indicies for any further explanations . Ben
This is a test to see if you are checking your e-mail these days . I have a feeling that you have not been , due to your board presentation last week . Mike M . tells me he will be up there today - hope that goes well for you guys . I really think there could be something there . Please give me a call sometime soon . Things are going well here and we have been quite busy . Give me a call sometime . The number is ( 713 ) 853-7998 . See ya ! Ben
Yes you have passed the test - Congratualations . We have been working very hard on our sale and wanted to let you know that your guys came back with a very good bid . We will inform you probably this afternoon or tomorrow that you will be making the short list . We will probably have a short list of about 5-7 companies . You guys are in the top three ! I think you guys have a very good chance at getting these plants , which I think is an excellent opportunity . Hope all is going well and your other talks are going in the right direction . On a side note , from what I've heard from my parents in Boston , Kara seems to be doing pretty poorly . She is clearly going through some very difficult times . Talk to you soon . Love , Ben
Well , I am . It's like this everynight . I thought that you guys going back to Bermuda would be fun . I hope Kara finds a way to battle the problem she has . I tough for me to imagine what kind of place she's in right now . Talk to you soon . Ben
Dale: I will be sending you the CA's some time this morning . I needed to wait till we had our conference with the investment bankers , CSFB , to know which companies were going to the second round . I did not want to send you the CA's of companies that were not going on to the second round . Please give me a call if you have any questions . Ben
There will be a meeting to discuss the plant visits at 1:00 pm Today ! The room is EB 3125B . Please let Don Miller know if you won't be able to make it . Thanks Ben 3-7998
Pam: Per your discussions with Don Miller . Here are the presentations we used in this afternon's recording . One is the actual presentation , which will go online . The other are the sales points that Mike Miller used to go through , which does not go online . Hope this helps . Thanks Ben
I will do that first thing on Thursday . I will call you with the results . Ben
Thanks !
Thanks for your quick reply . With regards to the classes , I looked into U of H for summer classes and they did not provide graduate level summer classes . The only school that provided graduate level summer classes was the University of St . Thomas . It would have been nice to take these classes at U of H , because our Chairman and CEO and my recommender to The Texas Business School , Ken Lay , received his PhD from there . Thanks again for your response and advice and hope all is going well . Regards , Ben
Hey there: The industry is getting beat up a little bit , hope that is not effecting any of your plans with anything . I talked to Mike
Dad: The industry is getting beat up a little bit , but I hope this isn't slowing you guys down at all . I talked with Mike M the yesterday , he said that his meetings with you guys seem to go well . I think that doing that deal would be quite beneficial to both companies over all strategies , regarding power , gas and cash flow . Megan and I will be in NYC this weekend for a wedding . I would like to talk to you pretty soon anout a couple of things . I have decided to stay at Enron at least till this project is over , which will be early next year . The more experience I have with another company , like Enron the better . I am also going to reapply to just The Texas Business School . Things are going well with my communication with them this year . I have already talked to one of their professors that I talked to last year and have gotten an e-mail from the director of the admissions program . The both feel I have and are currently doing the right things to get into the school next year . So things are going well so far . I am contining with my other class and going to take the GMAT one more time . I have said a little more than I would have liked but I just wanted to give you the laod down of what I have been thinking . Regards , Ben
Pam: Here is the latest version of the presentation . Let me know when you are going to download the presentation into the system . Thanks Ben
Pam: The presentation I sen you yesterday needs to be broken up into three different presentations . You can see that there is a cover page for each presentation . The first presentation is from page 1 to 18; second presentation is from 19 to 36; and the third presentation is from 37 to 55 . Please give me a call idf you have any questions . Thanks Ben
Don: This is the latest presentation . Ben
Chris: Here is the confidentiality agreement we used to send out to all the bidders . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks ! Ben
Barbara: Thanks for your request . Those dates are good for you to visit the plants . If you could e-mail a list of the names visiting the site and I will do the same for you . Please let me know the exact times that the teams will be visiting the plants . Thanks ! Ben Rogers
Here are the separate management presentations as well as the round 2 form letter . Ben
Barbara: If you could send me a list of people and their cell phone numbers who are going to the sites as well as exact times that you will be there , I would appreciate it . Please let me know if you have any other questions . Thanks ! Ben
This e-mail will confirm the site visit by your company at The Wheatland Plant . The relevant information is as follows: Pursuant to the Site Visit Procedures sent you by CSFB , if you have not already done so , please send me the following: List of your team members and titles For outside consultants , state their employer Name , phone number ( office and mobile ) and e-mail address of your designated deal team leader Please give me a call if you have any questions . The other confirmations for the other sites will follow shortly . Thanks ! Regards , Ben Rogers
Booze , blackjack and bitches!! ! What a way to go!! !
Just wanted to give everyone a update on where we were with all the site visits to the plants . As you already know , site visits begin this Thursday and runs through the 27th of October , so its a pretty tight schedule . In terms of who will be specifically covering which plants , this is the following: Gleason will be Dave Kristich; Lincoln will be Fred Mitro; and Wheatland will be Ross Newlin . These guys will cover the site visits the next two weeks , but everyone else may be asked to fill in for them if needed . While on the site visit , please make sure that the companies do not take any pictures and they are only allowed to talk to you or the plant manager . Most of the companies will probably be there for only a couple of hours per day . I hope all of this is clear and if you have any questions about scheduling please give me a call . Again , thank you for your help with these issues . Regards , Ben
I am putting together that right now . Thanks Ben
Robbie: I was in your class that you taught for the Princeton Review at Enron just recently . What I'm looking for is a private Math tutor . I wasn't sure if I had to go through the Princeton Review or if I could talk directly to you . I liked the way you taught the class and wanted to see if you taught one on one sessions . If you could let me know , I would appreciate it . Thanks ! Ben Rogers
Roger: Something has happen to the disk and we are trying to have systems look into it . Just let Stuart now this and he'll understand . Thanks Ben
Shelly: I received your e-mail regarding this years Super Saturday's . I am currently an Associate , but as an Analyst I participated in a couple of Super Saturday's , but haven't done any in a little while , so I wanted to offer up my services . Please let me know if there is anything I can do , because I'll be more than happy to help out again . Thanks ! Ben
I will be attending the Columbia Business School session this Monday in Houston . Thank you for the invitation . Ben Rogers
Hey Mike: Marlon and Marissa's wedding was alot of fun . Megan and I sat at the married table , which had Pete and Amy Fullem , Kit and her husband , Marc , Sammy and her husband , Jon and Dana Corpina , Dana Schuster and her husband - so as you can see it was pretty interesting . The other table was Mike , OB , Choby , Tina , and Patty Donahue . Mike , OB , Choby , Patty , Megan and I took a limo from the city to the wedding and had the limo tell 12:00 , then went out till 5:00am . I love going to that evil city , but I love leaving it even better . Overall , it was fun and seems like everyone is doing well . Dana and Jon just had their baby , its a girl . I also ended up seeing Alan Waugh and Tim Hurley . Hurley has gained about 200 pounds - the man is huge . Anyway , I hope all is well and I'll talk to you soon . Ben
Count me in for picking up the beer . I think that time and place are good for me . All we need is Hilgert to get the nod . See ya Ben
Here are the 3 99's that can be posted on to dealbench . Ben
Here at last are the 00's .
Lou: Here is the list of companies that have not called us yet to visit the sites . If you could call these companies and remind them that tomorrow is the last day to sign up for site visits , I would appreciate it . Ben
Lou: I received a call from Aquila this morning for a site visit , so their all set . Thanks ! Ben
Guys: Here is the confirm that I send out to each company and to the guys who are covering the sites from our side . Thanks Ben
These dates and times are confirmed . Please let me know if you have any additional questions . Thanks ! Ben Rogers
I wanted to send out an e-mail to everyone who is involved with the site visits . We started the site visits this past Friday with a company going to Wheatland . The site visits will begin tomorrow and run through the the 27th of Ocotber . Here is the schedule for this weeks site visits: Dave Kristich will be covering Gleason from tonight/tomorrow morning till Friday afternoon ( 17th-20th ) Ross and Fred will be covering Lincoln from Tuesday night to Friday afternoon Chris and Jeff will be covering Wheatland from tonight through Friday If you have any conflicts with this schedule for this week , please let me know as soon as possible so I can arrange someone else to cover for you . Next week , the Gleason and Wheatland plants will have a company visiting the sites everyday and for Lincoln , Wednesday and Thursday are currently booked , so please plan accordingly to be at the site during that time period . Currently , these dates are NOT subject to change , but we are still waiting to hear from two more companies . I will let you know ASAP when they call and confirm their times to visit the sites . Please give me a call if you have any questions or need anymore information . Again , thank you for all your help with the site visits . Regards , Ben
Good Morning ! Wanted to see how this quarters earnings report was going to look like . Many of analyst are reporting that its going to be around $.57 for the qtr . Hope you guys beat that estimate . By the way , how did that deal go that you were working on with the company down here ? I saw that Convergent was bought by an independent oil and gas company from Houston . It's up big today . Hope all is going well and that you might give me a call before the end of the year . Thanks ! Ben
Here is the schedule as well as the confirms . Please let me know if you have any questions . Ben
Here is the schedule for the Gleason plant and the confirms . Please give me a call if you have any questions . Thanks Ben
Amy: I called a while back to get into the Enron class which you helped me get into and I just recently left you a message to take private sessions from the Princeton Review . I have realized that I need one on one sessions to help me really prepare for the GMAT . If you can point me in the right direction , I would greatly appreciate it . I was looking to start sessions as soon as possible . Again , thanks for your help with this issue . Ben
Hey: That sounds good . How does Thursday work ? Ben
Thanks for the reply . I can understand your position . I am looking more for a refresher course . I am planning on taking it around mid December or as late as mid January . I am beginning to start studying again on my own , but I wanted to get a little more help . Thanks for your call ! Ben
Amy: Forgot to mention timing . I can do nights and weekends , but mainly as much time with them as possible . Thanks Ben
I wanted to reply , even though I have called recently . Work has slowed down a little bit , but will probably pick up in a week or two . I have traded calls with Kara the past two days , so I haven't talked to her in some time . Anyway , I hope your figuring out where we should go for a trip this sping . We will have to know whether Megan and I need to work on our golf games or not . We have been thinking maybe you guys are thinking about going to Ireland or England to play some of the old courses of this world . Or maybe you have been thinking about going to Paris to visit the city of love . Anyway , these are just some of the thinks we have been thinking about . Talk to you soon . Love Ben
Charlie: It was a pleasure meeting you yesterday afternoon at the Columbia Business School information session . As you probably noticed through my enthusiasm , I really enjoy working in the energy-finance industry , especially with Enron . Working in this sector , at this time , has created many new opportunities . I am interested in talking with you to see if we can do some type of transaction with you guys . It sounds like you have a lot going in areas that we might be interested in . If you could send me a business proposal or summary of what your doing , that would be helpful . With regards to Columbia Business School , I applied last year and did not get in due to my GMAT score . I decided to take a graduate level finance class this summer , which I received an A . I am currently taking another graduate finance class this semester . I am also retaking the GMAT , with the hopes of increasing my quantitative score . Last year , I was asked back for an interview , which I felt was a good sign . I heard from one of my recommenders that the only thing that I needed to improve on was my GMAT score . Recently , I wrote a brief letter to the Dean of Admissions , Linda Meehan , informing her of my recent actions as well as my continued interest with Columbia . I hope that these actions will help me get into Columbia this year . My desire to go to Columbia , stems from their network , location , reputation and curriculum . Since growing up in Pelham , it would be nice to get back to New York for a little while . As you can see , my desire to go to Columbia is very strong . I hope this brief e-mail has provided some insight into what I'm doing to get into Columbia . I hope we can meet for lunch sometime soon either up in the Woodlands or downtown . Again , thank you for your interest and I look forward to talking with you about Columbia and future energy transactions . Regards , Ben Rogers
Sounds Good !
Thanks for the quick reply . I live within inside the loop on Buffalo Speedway near 59 . I think lunch next week sometime would be great . I can come up to the Woodlands and we can meet up for lunch . Let me check to see what day is best and I will send you an e-mail later today to confirm . Hope that works and I'll talk to you soon . Ben
Hey Dan: Just wanted to drop you a line . I hadn't talked to you in quite some time and wanted to see how everything was going . I had lunch today with my friend , Andrew Slocum , who I think you know . He talked to his good friend Adam Wexslur ( sp ) and said things were going well with the paper . He told me that everything seemed to be going great and that the paper has been out on print for a little while now . It sounds great ! Please let me know how everything is going , because I think its awesome what your doing . Hope to talk to you soon . Ben
Hey Alli: I hadn't heard from you in a while and wanted to see how evergything was going . Are you in David Cox's group and if so , how are things going ? Let me know if I can be of any assistance . Talk to you soon . Ben
Hey Ashley: Please give me a call at 713.853.7998 , which is my work phone at Enron . I look forward to talking to you about Enron . Regards , Ben
Here are the questions and document requests from DPL . Don and I are gong through them this morning and will give you guys a call later today for more info . Thanks for your help with these . Ben
Here are the DPL questions . Don and I are going through these questions this morning and talking with Ross and Chris . Thanks ! Ben
Here are the DPL questions on Wheatland . Please look at the environmental section to see what is relevant or needs to be answered . Thanks ! Ben
Here are the questions from Allegheny regarding Gleason . Ben
Here are the questions from Allegheny regarding the Gleason plant . We will try and answer these tomorrow , so please write down your answers to each question and fax back to me at ( 713 ) 646-8863 . Thanks for your help with these questions . Ben
Here are the Allegheny questions we just got tonight . Ben
Forgot to include these questions . Thanks for the call this morning , your help is very much appreciated . Ben
Ashley: Thanks for sending this e-mail so quickly . I would like to suggest a couple of changes to your resume just to "tighten" it up a little bit . These are just minor changes that will make it look more consistent . I also talked to a women who sits two seats down from me , who is a recruiter for another group . She wanted to take a look at your resume once it was ready . Let's try and talk about this later today or this weekend , so you can make these changes . Once we get things going internally , I know we can get you over here at Enron pretty quickly . If I don't hear from you later today , please try me at home which is ( 713 ) 355-8738 . Talk to you soon . Ben
Amy: If I could take the class beginning on November 18th , that would be great . I think it would really help me get some problems I've been having worked out . Thanks again for taking the time to get back with me , I greatly appreciate it . Regards , Ben
Here are the 4 questions from Duke regarding the Lincoln site . Ben
Don: More questions from Allegheny from last night . Ben
The water analysis that I sent you is for Gleason . Over the weekend we put the other water analysis studies for the other plants on DealBench . Please let me know if you have any other questions . Thanks ! Ben
Hey Dan: It was good to see you the other day . It's funny because I had tried to send you an e-mail , after talking to Andrew about the paper . It's great eveything is going well . I'm running the NYC Marathon in two weeks so my weekends are mostly about running , but after that I would like to get together for some golf . Talk to you soon . Ben
Jeff: Here is an e-mail from the guys at Aquila , who will be at the Wheatland site on Thursday . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks ! Ben
Dana: That's fine . Our guys will be at the plant when you get there . Let me know if you have any additional questions or concerns . Thanks ! Ben
Thats exactly what you need is HELP!! !
3133 Buffalo Speedway Apt . # 8206
Here are more questions from Allegheny . I broke these out based on the facilities . Thanks ! Ben
More Questions ! Ben
More Questions from Allegheny . Thanks ! Ben
More Questions . Thanks ! Ben
Updated version of the Peco , rather Exelon , questions . Ben
Mike: Here are the questions for the Lincoln Energy Center facility . Please give us a call if you have any questions . Ben
Gus: Here are some questions , where we need a little more information on . Thanks ! Ben
Here are some more questions . These guys are only bidding on Lincoln , so all of these should be just Lincoln questions . Thanks again for your help with these . Ben
Mitch: More questions on Lincoln . These guys are only looking at Lincoln , so all of these should be just Lincoln questions . Thanks again ! Ben
More questions . These are from LG&E on the Wheatland and Gleason plants . Thanks again for your help . Ben
Susan: Here are the questions . I am sending a rather large fax after this . Please give me a call if you have any questions . Ben
Guys: Here are questions from LG&E regarding the peaker assets . Some of these questions are tax related . Please assist us in answering these questions . Thanks for your help . Ben
More questions . Most of them are already answered . Thanks ! Ben
Here are the answers to your questions . Please give us a call if you have any more questions . Thanks Ben
These are the questions that were sent to Allegheny: Ben
We are trying to finish those today and probably will have them for you by the end of today . We have had to tract down some additional environmental documents . Please give us a call if you have any additional questions . Thanks ! Ben
Dave: Here are some more questions that we need your assistance with . Ben
Jim: Here are some more questions regarding the Wheatland Plant . Check questions 2.15 and 2.16 . Thanks Ben
Rick: Here are some questions we are working on where we need a little assistance . Check question 2.14 and any others . Thanks ! Ben
Your Welcome!! ! We have to get into the habit of doing that every year . Ben
Hey , This week is probably not a good week , but lets definately shoot for early next week . Ben
Here are the answers to your additional questions . Please give us a call if you have any more questions . Thanks ! Ben
Let's shoot for early next week for lunch . Talk to you soon . Ben
Tom: The data room will be open till Thursday , November 2nd . Hope this helps . Ben
Charlie: Sorry for the delay with the e-mail , I just got back into the office from traveling . We are working hard to sell these assets before year-end - they're a beast . This Friday does not look good for lunch , but I think Tuesday or Wednesday of next week works . I hope this works for you as well . Talk to you soon . Regards , Ben
Here are new questions from Aquila regarding the Wheatland plant . If you can help answer some of these questions , we would greatly appreciate it . Ben
One more question regarding all three plants for allegheny . Thanks Ben
Gus: We answered this question before , but wanted to run it by you to make sure we were right . Thanks Ben
Please disregard the e-mail asking you to help answer the latest Aquila questions . We got em ! Thanks Ben
Thanks for the call this morning and the e-mail today . Megan and I are ging to dinner tonight and just a simple , relaxing weekend . My last long run is going to be Saturday morning . I am looking forward to running this year since I didn't last year . I'll talk to you soon . Love , Ben
Here are the answers to your latest questions . Again , please give us a call if you have any more questions . Thanks ! Ben Rogers
Fabian: You can find actual performance data on DealBench at Doc # 04.01.03 A-E . Please let me know if you have any other questions . Thanks ! Ben
Here are the Aquila questions - partially answered . If your not sending out tonight , I need to verify the $48,000 and clean up the answer for #4 . Ben
Fabian: The July and August Operators report for Gleason are out on DealBench at Doc # 04.01.04 . The July Operators Report for Wheatland is also in DealBench at Doc . # 04.01.04 . The September reports for both plants are not out yet , but will be soon , probably next week . I am working on getting you the hourly operational data for the months of August and Sept . Please let me know if you have any more questions . Ben
Here are some more questions where we need your assistance . These are regarding Wheatland . Thanks Ben
Scott: Here are the Remote Control Operation Agreement Docs and the Interconnection Agreements with IPL . Here are also the names of the attendees from our conference call . We are working on pulling some other information for you guys , but please give us a call if you need anything else . Thanks ! Ben
I left out on our Attendees Memo , Stuart Zisman , Enron's In-House Council . Ben
Here are some more questions we have been working on . Thanks for your help . Ben
John: Here are the answers to the questions you have sent us . Please give us a call if you have any more questions . Ben
Jane: I believe we have already sent you the answers to these questions . They were sent to Tom Irwin . Here are some of them again . The rest of the answers for the peakers will follow shortly - we are cleaning them up a little . Ben
Jane: Here are some more questions . I will talk to Ron Coker , who is responsible for the LV questions , to see where he is with those . Thanks for the fast reply . We will get this resolved today for you . Thanks ! Ben
Ron: It looks like Jane has not received these questions . Let me know where they are in terms of being answered . Thanks ! Ben
I think you got this but here it is anyway . Ben
John: Here is the '01 Operating Budget . Please let me know if you have any more questions . Thanks ! Ben
These need to be posted in DB ! Ben
Fred: Could you take a stab at question 4 for us . We have no idea on this one . Thanks Ben
Jane: Just wanted to let you know that the Gleason SOP is on DealBench - Doc . # 04.01.09 . This was a question that I don't think we had previously answered . Also , question #4 of this attachment , which I sent to you earlier today , will be answered tomorrow . Here is also the '01 O&M Budgets . Thanks ! Ben
Guys , Just wanted to see if you had any of these reports or knew of their where abouts: Emmission profiles for the Westinghouse units; Application for permit to construct; and Sediment samples/radioactive analysis or metal analysis . Thanks for your assistance with these documents . Ben
John: We are trying to set up a meeting tomorrow to discuss the Wheatland switchyard issues . We will have someone from legal , Mitch Robinson and Don Miller attending for Enron . Please let me know what time works best for you for tomorrow morning . Thanks ! Ben Rogers
Here are the '01 O&M Budgets . Let me know if you have any questions . Ben
Wanted to see if you were around for lunch today . Give me a call if your available . Ben
Jane: This attachment now has a completed answer for question #4 . Let me know if you need anything else . Thanks ! Ben
John: With regards to the Demin water system , there are no capitalized charges in these cost figures - everything is expensed . With respects to the Electricity , there is a Demand Charge included in this numer , which makes up approximately 50% of the cost . The rest is attributable to energy costs . These costs are levelized for the full 12 months of the year . Please let me know if you have any other comments . Thanks ! Ben
Amy: Here are the answers to your questions . With regards to the air permit to construct application , Jinsung will send it to you by email today , if he hasn't already; The Petition for Alternate testing , has been sent to you; 3 . This is a one time report to the State's emergency planning committee , the local emergency response department , and the local fire department declaring the presence of sulfuric acid and lead in quantities greater than 500 lb and 10,000 lb , respectively . These notifications are being mailed out today . 4 . We are in the process of tracking down the analytical data associated with the Lake Acquisition property and will hopefully have that to you later today . I hope this helps and please give us a call if you have any more questions . Thanks ! Ben
Gus: Are you able to assistance me in answering #2 . I have already received Dave's comments . Thanks Ben
I talked with Don Miller and Mitch Robinson and it seems that they have also covered your other concerns . They were the ones who I contacted with your concerns regarding your demin water , tax abatement and electricity questions . Ben
It was a pleasure meeting you . I enjoyed our conversation , which I hope was helpful with regards to understanding how Enron operates . Enron is truely a great place to work . It's a lot of hard work , but your having a lot of fun doing it . I hope all your interviews went well on Saturday . Good luck with the second year and please don't hesitate to contact me if you have any additional questions . Regards , Ben
Congratulations ! Now we can really put you to work! ! Hope you had a little fun yesterday celebrating . Talk to you guys soon . Ben
I wish I had taken the Bar with that special treatment - sign me up ! The big race is this weekend , so I hope I don't break a leg . We leave Friday afternoon and get back on Monday . I will be walking very slow next week . Let's try and get together next week sometime for a little dinner . See ya Ben
Jane: Here is the answer to the Wheatland question . I am currently tracking down the answer to the Gleason question , which I should have very shortly . Ben
This weekend is out of the question - the BIG race is on Sunday up in the Big Apple . Megan and I leave for NYC on Friday afternoon . We will be getting back on Monday . Watch ABC between 10:00am and 3:00pm , they play it down here . Good deal with KMI . I sent Susan a congratulations email this morning . I'll talk to you soon . Ben
No . They have done alot of bad deals , in terms of overpaying for assets . The rumor was going around we were going to buy them back , but wasn't pre announced or anything . See ya Ben
Jane: Refer to question #2 for the Gleason answer . Please let me know if you have any other questions . Ben
I will send the fax to you right now . Thanks ! Ben
What are you doing sending me this crap ! I want some dirty jokes ! I want some stories of wild , drunken nights , not this stuff . We are getting into NYC on late on Friday night . I am picking up my number early on Saturday morning . Would you be interested in going to dinner with a group of us to Tony Dinapoli's on upper east side on Saturday night ? Were getting there at approx . 7:30pm . Give me a call about this . See ya Ben
Here are some of the remaining questions we have answers to . Please give me a call if you have any questions . Thanks ! Ben
This came back for some reason . Here it is again . Ben
Susan: Here are some answers to some of your last questions . If you could forward these on to Scott and Amy I would appreciate it . Ben
Tom: Please see the attached round 2 bidding instructions . Thanks ! Ben
PLease include me in the Houston MBA Program Information Session . Thanks ! Ben Rogers
I am checking with the developers whether or not the state approved the petition . I have not seen a physical copy of it , nor is it on DealBench , so I am trying to find this petition . Ben
George: Sorry , I completely forgot to send my brief , but strong sailing expertise to you . Most of the races I have been in were with J-25's up in Newport and one race in St . Martins . Just relay to your friend that I'm a quick study , I'll will work hard and will drink even harder . Thanks ! Ben
Thanks so much for the message . I am proud of myself for completing this race . I need to figure out how I am going to keep off the weight . Love you lots , Ben
Charlie: I just got back from NYC - I ran in the NYC Marathon yesterday . It was a lot of fun and pretty good weather , but my time was a little slower than I would have wanted ( 4:27) . If Wednesday or Thursday works for you , I would like to come up to the Woodlands and meet with you over lunch . I hope all is going well and I'll talk to you soon . Ben
Here is some information that will be of use to you . Please give me a call Wednesday or Thursday to talk about meeting on Friday . See ya . Ben
Mike: Just wanted to let you know how everything went with the Marathon if you haven't heard already . My time was a little slower ( 4:27: 53) , but I finished and my goal of not walking was kept . I now want you to focus in on is the MS150 in April . We are both doing it and yes , I will give you your bike back to do it . I think this would be something really fun to train for and to participate in . Talk to you soon . Ben
Jeff Donahue heads up the Corp . Development group for ENA , which Don Miller and I work in . Jeff is Don's supervisor and Don is mine . I have been with this group since around May . Thanks for the quick action with this . Regards , Ben
"Politics is supposed to be the second-oldest profession . I have come to realize that it bears a very close resemblance to the first." -- Ronald Reagan
John wanted me to send it to you . We are going to ask Jinsung what the differences are once he gets out of this meeting . Thanks Ben
Hey - Any luck with the Mid-Columbia last summer prices . Thanks Ben
Here you go ! Let me know if you need anything else . Ben
Thanks ! Ben
Lloyd Don Miller - "Don" from ENA Thanks , Ben
Steve: A friend of mine from Kinder/Morgan called and they had a deal fall through on them that was designe dfor 4 LM 6000's . They have 2 MVA transformers , 3 breakers and switchgear and bus work equipment that they are looking to get rid of . Please let me know if you guys are interested . Thanks ! Ben
Here are the names of the plant managers: Wheatland - Chris Norris Lincoln - Merle Churchill Gleason - Pete McCormick Thanks ! Ben
Ann: Here is the list of people who were responsible for helping put together the Info Memo for the Peakers . Please give me a call if you have any questions . Thanks Ben
Ben: Again , thanks for your interest in these assets . Attached is a brief summary of these assets . We will also be sending you the DealBench information and passwords . Please give me a call if you have any additional questions . Thanks ! Ben
Hey: If you are working today ( Saturday - 11/18 ) give me a call at work or try me a t home . Thanks ! Ben
Rick: Here is the file with the performance data we worked on for the 2000's . A Brownsville tab has been added - could you please assist us in putting this data together for Brownsville . Please give me a call if you have any questions . Thanks ! Ben
Do you actually have the Henwood report . It looks like you sent me the RW Beck report or a letter pertaining to the Henwood report , but not the actual Henwood report that I was looking at in the meeting . Thanks ! Ben
Here is the latest Brownsville Presentation . Ben
That was the site visits . Here it is .
Works for me ! Pick a day and lets do it . Ben
Hey: Sorry about not getting back sooner - I have been traveling and was away for Thanksgiving . Megan and I went up to Chicago to visit one of her 5 sisters . M&M's wedding was fun , saw some people I haven't seen since college - pretty scary . If "W" wins this election Megan and I are coming to DC to watch the Inaugeration and maybe go to a ball or two , so we should diffinently get together . I will work on that when the time comes . Besides , this election is absolutely crazy - Gore he working himself into complete retirement with all this contesting . How is everything going ? What are you guys doing for the holiday ? Megan and I are going out west to do some skiing in Beaver Creek - I'm praying for powder . Again , I hope all is going well and I'll be better next time about getting back to you . Good to hear from you ! Ben
Just wanted reiterate my comments on Raul and his skills fitting in with what you guys are looking for . I really think he would be a good long term in the corp . dev area and/or investor relations . Let me know if your around for lunch this week at Ninfa's . I'm meeting up with Andrew sometime this week as well , maybe we can make it the same day . Let me know . Ben
What are you doing on the comuter at this hour ? Aren't you suppose to be teaching some kids or something ?
Relax , with your comments ! Guess what????? ? It turns out that its going to be Pappas Steakhouse tomorrow at 8:00PM ! Surf and Turf here I come .
Beck's Prime at 11:45 - a good halfway point . Mike M . will be joining us . Ben
Raymond: I work at Enron , in our corporate development group and have been through many different analyst reports . I went through your previous "The Power Curve" report and enjoyed it thoroughly and recently heard that the second version is out and wanted to get a copy . If that's possible that would be great . Thanks in advance for this request . Ben Rogers
Everyone: Here are the site confirms for next week . Also attached are directions to the sites . If you have any questions please give myself , Don Miller or Ross Newlin a call . Again , thanks for your interest with these assets . Regards , Ben Rogers
Ross: Don and I are looking for information on the Maintimizer software systems . I have given Jim Meyers a call at New Albany , but he is out till Wednesday . Do you know of anyone else we can talk to . Thanks ! Ben
Jon: Here are some more questions regarding the Caledonia plant . Your assistance with these questions would be greatly appreciated . Please send your answers back to me when completed . Again , thank you for your help . Regards , Ben
Gus: Do you happen to have or know where the CEMS Quarterly Report for Brownsville may be . Thanks ! Ben
Wanted to see if you guys had any comments regarding the questions I sent you earlier today . Thanks ! Ben
Charlie: I got your message this morning . Since we were so successful in selling some of our peaking plant last time , we have decided to some some more - so we are running like crazy to close these deals this year . I want to let you know that I talked to both people at KinderMorgan and Cinergy about your company and the types of transactions that you guys are doing . I have not had the chance to follow up , but plan to real soon . I just tried to call you about 10 minutes ago , thus the e-mail response . I will try again in a little bit . Hope all is going well and I'll talk to you soon . Ben
Mitch: Here are the answers to the questions incorporating everyone's answers . Please give me a call if you have any questions . Ben
Hey Warren: Here are a couple of questions we are working on for Duke on the 99's . If you could take a look at these that would be great . Thanks ! Ben 3-7998
David: Here are answers to the second batch of questions . Please give Don Miller a call if you have any additional questions . Thanks ! Ben
Guys: Here are some items that Duke is looking for . Please let me know if you have any idea where they can be found . Some may be in DealBench that I am currently going through to find . Thanks agian for your assistance . Ben
David: Here are the EDR files . Ben
David: Here are more of the EDR files . Ben
David: Here are more of the EDR files . Ben David: Here are more of the EDR files . Ben
David: Here are the last of the EDR files . Ben
David: Here are some more EDR files . Ben
Here are the questions for Duke regarding 99's . Please check over and give me a call if you have any questions . Thanks ! Ben
Your type of article !
Dan: Here are the questions some of your guys sent us yesterday . I recently faxed you pages which state the amount of the Enron Guarantees , which are mentioned in these questions . Please give myself or Don Miller a call if you have any additional questions . Thank you ! Ben
Scott: Regarding the NOV issues , please refer to DealBench document 02.05.06.02 A , which will have the correspondance letters regarding these issues . Please give me a call if you have any additional questions . Thanks ! Regards , Ben Rogers
Everyone: Attached is the list of the preliminary Allegheny/Enron transition team members for the 2000 Peaker assets . If you think you should not be on it or that someone else is better suited for the task then please let me know . Please check over the information to make sure everything is correct . We are trying to plan for a kick-off meeting with Allegheny within the next couple of weeks . Thanks for your assistance with this very important project . Regards , Ben Rogers
Michael: Just wanted to let you know that I just talked to Don Miller , the lead guy from our side , regarding a different matter , but he mentioned to me that things seemed to be not going so well in the PSA discussions . I didn't have time to see what the issues were , but I will when he calls back . As you already know , these assets are yours to lose and I would hate to see you guys lose these assets to legal issues . I know we both can come to some middle ground before people lose their patience . My only advice , for what its worth , is to keep talking with Delainey and to make sure the lawyers don't run away with the issues and forget whats at stake on the commercial side . Hope this helps . Ben
Michael: Duke is presenting their final bid this Sunday , so I think its even more important to get the PSA signed by tomorrow , so that there is no chance to try and retrade the deal . I don't know how things ended up yesterday , but I think things need to come together very fast . Ben
Jim: Pat Cathers was going to call you to have you send me e-mail or fax the spare parts list if you haven't done so all ready . Thanks Ben
What number did you send it to . I hope it was 713.646.8863 . If not let me know what number and where and I'll go get it . Thanks Ben
Thanks
Golf sounds like a great idea . I will talk to meathead - "Brandon" about playing . By the way , do you have Jason Staebels' address or phone number . Thanks Ben
Thanks for the pics . Very cute!! ! Ben
Enjoy ! Ben
Just wanted to say congratulations on the close . I hope you had a good trip back to Cincy . Again , I think that both companies are getting a very good deal , with you guys getting excellent assets at a very good price . Hope to talk to you soon and I look forward to seeing the press release . Regards , Ben
Michael: If you can let me know when you have talked with Dave , that would be great . I am trying to talk with Don Miller and wanted to make sure that you had already talked with Dave . Enron's PRC is going on and I am trying to get promoted to manager and this deal should enable me to do just that . Thanks again for your comments to Dave . Ben
Was that your harse realities of life speech . I thought you were aa optimist just like myself . I belive I actually should get a lot of credit and not just contribution for this deal . It's not often an Associate helps crate $200 MM of value . Have you checked out how much snow B.C . has gotten recently and how much there about to get - its incredible . This is going to be a great ski season . Ben
I wonder why?? ? Now you guys can be in the driven's seat with regards to them . Ben
I fogot to tell you . Enron would be interested in a coal project . I will send you there presentation they have put together . I will send via e-mail , so you will need to open up the document . Let me run with this with Delainey and I will get back with you and Michael . Ben
Here is the coal presentation . Ben
Rebecca: I was just talking to Fred Mitro and he says you have put together a couple of different models on coal . Can you please send me those models , so I can get an idea on how you guys are looking at the analysis . Thanks ! Regards , Ben
Good to hear from you . Have a good trip up in NYC and I will talk to you when you get back . In the next couple of days pull up the Enron ticker and check out the other deal I have been working on . We closed it this weekend . Regards , Ben
Tammy: I wanted to see if I could get a couple of the board presentation that you were working on , with regards to the generation information . I wanted to see how it turned out . Thanks ! Ben
Press release looked good . You probably haven't had a chance to talk to Dave . Yesterday he was in the PRC meetings all day and today is the Enron board meeting , where he is giving a presentation . I did talk to Kay , his assistant , and he was planning on returning your call today . Again , congrats on the release . Ben
Dad: Congrats on the press release . People that found out about it were amazed that we did it so quickly . I was thinking , if you could call Ken , that would be great . I know Michael is talking to Dave , but talking to Ken would really help my cause . Let me know what you think . I also am sending you a presentation that you will really enjoy . Regards , Ben
How did you like the counter-party ? Ben
Thought you would be interested in this . Seems to come at a time when Bushis going to win the Presidency - very interesting . Ben
Rogers: Just wanted to meet up tomorrow for a few minutes to discuss some trading opportunities . I think you said tomorrow at 3:30 pm would work for you . Thanks ! Ben
Mitch: Just wanted to talk to you for a quick second about something we talked about this week . Please give me a call and I'll come down . Ben
Yeah right ! Nice try - Geek !
This pc has not been set up for it . I'll get it set up soon . Do you have aol ? Whats up ?
What's up ? How's the week going ? Things are getting back to normal down here in Houston . How's your brother doing - has he gone back to work ?
What's up buddy ? How's school going ? Did you get this e-mail on the Dolan's ? Are we getting that old that our friends are beginning to have kids . Say it ain't so! ! I am stillin shock over everything that happened last week . I think our economy that is in for a beating for quit some time . Our stock has gotten hammered . The safe havens are the yield stocks . Gotto go trade the power . Talk to you later . Ben
WIERD!! ! Someone has too much free time on their hands .
Carefull - Don't make me deny you of sex!! !
Dad: Let me know if you got the FedEx package I sent you yesterday . It has some info I want to go through with you this weekend . Also , I sent you Cliff's resume for you to look at so that you can give him a call with the hopes of hiring him for a finance position . I'll talk to you soon . Ben
Sorry it took so long to respond , but its been crazy around here . Both KMI and KMP are still good buys , its just the overall market environment thats bringing these down . Also , the commodities prices in gas and crude and fuel oil have come off quite a bit , which makes the general investors worry about the future earnings potential of the companies . They are locked into contracts at a very good price , so whether the price of the commodity goes up or down they still make their cash flow targets . Remember , the CEO of the company has a stack of over 25% of the company , so he is very tied to the overall stock price . Enough said , invest your money into KMI and KMP , especially KMP since it has that yield of around 7% . Talk to you soon . Ben
Mr . Lay: It was good to see you down on the trading floor today . I have been in the power trading group for about a year now . I came over from the corp . development group after we sold the peakers to Allegheny and to Cinergy . I was the one who convinced my Dad to buy those two peakers . The power trading group is a really solid group of individuals . Sitting where I do I see and hear alot of what goes on in the heart on Enron and I feel that this part of the company is doing really well . I have been with Enron for over four years now and I continue to learn alot as well as contribute to Enron's bottom line . Eventhough Enron's stock price has come off a little I still think this is a great company and that the overall fundamentals are very sound . I hope all is going well ! Regards , Ben
Thanks !
Dad: How do you like that ? Rumors are everywhere! ! Give me a call . Ben
Jeff: I have a report that talks about Enron in depth , like a former executive wrote it , but its by a group called Global Change Associates . Would you still like a copy ? Let me know . Ben
Jeff: It looks like we are playing eachother in the Met's consolation round . The best time I can play is either after work or some time on the weekend . Let me know what works for you . Ben
I will be here trading away . Look forward to it . See you then . Ben
It's been a really tough day . I need a beer . We may get one beer pretty soon or maybe not . I'll let you know soon . Ben
Alan: The alarm on the NY model seems too be coming out slow . Can you please check on it and see what the deal is . Thanks Ben
Jeff: I think we may be past due on when we need to play by , but thats fine . I think Saturday works for me as well . I know things are quite busy right now , so good luck with everything . Ben
Yeah , Yeah , Yeah . We will be going to Texadelphia around 7:00 . I will still call you when we get there . Love Ben
Good Luck ! The day is not going so well ! I'll talk to you later .
Everyday that we are on the front cover of the journal our stock will go lower . I have said this the past three weeks and everyday I have been right . I think it could continue to go lower , because their is going to be no good news for a little while . Getting access to cash from private equity firms is a double edge sword . It doesn't look good for the small E .
I needed the CPN lifeboat three weeks ago . This ship is going down , takeover soon or bankruptcy later . No joke ! Let me check with Megan , but that sounds good . Ben
Remember , those cannot be used for blackmail when I run for mayor of New York .
Michael: I think things begin to fall apart before X-mas . Ben
David: Whats up ? I think tomorrow seems to be a big ax day over here for many of the groups in EIM and EGM . It's getting pretty grim here on the trading floor . Most people seem to think that this deal will not go through and that we will go into Ch . 7 . Trading has really slowed down . How do things look over there ? Ben
The word is - the end is near . Look for something soon . Call me . Ben
Whats your cell # ? I think I gave Mike Cyrus your home # . I talked with him last night and he was going to give you a call . Lets you and me try and talk today . I have some material about these guys that you will appreciate . Ben
Michael: Harry's cell phone number is ( 832 ) 723-6363 . I think I gave you his home number . This number may be better to use to get in touch with Harry . Ben
Sounds good . 11:30 ?
Sounds good !
Harry: Wanted to get your comments on your conversation with Michael . I think it would be good if we put something together using the information I have combined with what you would like to show them . Then think about going up there pretty soon . Let me know what you think . Ben
Michael: I just had another brief conversation with Harry . He had not heard from Bruce yet . I think coming down here sooner rather later would be important to get Harry and his team convinced . Harry is talking to other folks and it seems that those talks are moving along quite quickly . Hope this helps . Ben
Harry: What did you think of the presentation thus far and what other type of info are you looking for . The rest of the presentation is not that strategy oriented like the pages I gave you , but I will go through it and see if any of the other pages will help . The key is to get an idea of what they are trying to do so that you can craft in that fashion . I am playing tennis at 3:00 , but will call you later to talk more about the presentation and tomorrow's meeting . Ben
25 mw's is correct . Thanks ! Ben
Ben
Unfortunately yes . The traders and finance folks were kept on to perform unwind and liquidation functions . The trading group , the group I am in , is really the only group with value besides the pipleines , thus we will probably be sold off to a bank like Citi or JPM . I wouldn't mind that because they understand the trading business of commodities as well as equities and fixed income . This as been an amazing experience and taught me alot about over leverage and strategic , really about what not to due , which can be as important as what to do in business . 99% of the folks are good hardworking people , but its the few finance guys at the top that brought this company down . It really is a shame to see all these people yesterday get laid off . It was so sad . Luckily , by accident I had sold off most of my options last year , but still lost a little 401 k dough , but I still have my health as my mom likes to say . On a good note we got your picture of the little tike , looks great . I hope all is going well and thanks for the e-mail . Talk to you soon . Regards , Ben
sounds good . see you there .
Sorry about that - I had to get a name and number from Mike for a guy at Goldman Sachs in New York , to arrange a potential meeting with those guys in NYC for a trading position . I already paid $3,000 to ML today . So its not an increase in Margin , plus you will write me a check for the current Margin balance tonight . See you at home . Ben
whenever - I am going to leave here pretty soon . So whenever the best time for you is , just let me know . Is the car ready ?
yes ! I am going to go workout in a couple of minutes - talk to you layer . I will be going up to Cinci a week from today . Good discussions happened last night . Ben
Yes - I think so . I am still employed , just waiting to be bought out by a bank like Citigroup or UBS . It's been crazy to live through all of this shit . This has been an incredible learning experience of what NOT to do in business . These guys at the top are complete crooks . Anyway , enough bs , Megan and I are heading up to Boston for X-mas , were getting together with Jon and Kati one day . Well be out in Colorado for New Year's . I hope all is going well and I'll talk to you soon . Thanks for the e-mail . Ben
Joe: Thanks for the call . My e-mail at work , which is fine to send it to , is benjamin.rogers@enron.com . My e-mail at home is rogersofenron@yahoo.com . I talked with Harry yesterday and he is bringing up with him all the resumes of the guys we are thinking about bringing over . Do you want him to give them to McCabe or you or both when he is up there ? Maybe someone should give hime a call before that to have the resumes sent up there sooner . I will send you and McCabe my resume today . I look foward to coming up to Cincy Wednesday to talk to you guys about these opportunities . Regards , Ben
Yes , thanks again for taking the time to arrange all this . Talk to you soon . Regards , Ben
Dad: Here is a quick stock analysis spreadsheet you should really get to use . Call me if you have any questions or we can go through it when we are out there in Colorado . Did you have a chance to meet with Harry ? I was suppose to come up , but some of the guys weren't available . Ben
Missy: If you could change that to a taxi service , that would be great . Since this is only a one day trip it's makes it a little easier for me . Thanks again ! Ben
Dad: Cliff sent you his resume . Cliff is the guy who is married to Megan's sister Dierdre . They currently live in NYC . He is looking to do corporate development type work with you guys in Cincy . Let me know what you think . I left a message for Brian Terp to send me his resume so I can send it to you . Let me also know about your conversation with Michael about what we talked about yesterday . Talk to you soon . Ben
Eric: There is a book store called the Brown Book Store located several blocks from here . They have several books on trading within this industry that you will want to read . You will need to call information to find out where they are . Good Luck ! Ben
Joe: Thanks for taking the time to talk with me regarding the opportunities at Cinergy . I enjoyed my discussions with the other guys on the trading floor . There is clearly money to be made trading in the right regions with the right people . I would like to continue trading , but also learn Cinergy's assets to better understand how to effectively trade around these types of assets . It seems that everyone I talked to is enthusiastic about growing the business in the right regions . Let me know if you guys need me to come up and visit again . Thanks again and I'll talk to you soon . Regards , Ben
Dad: I thought the article was very poistive , but started out a little on the "good old boy" side . You are operating in a political minefield very effectively . Keep up the great work . Talk to you soon and have a good week . Ben
Your talk is cheap . I sat next to your Dad all day yesterday at the KMI investor conference . We had a good chat . Talk to you soon . Ben
Please tranfer my parking over to the Allan Center . Please let me know what I need to due as soon as possible . Thanks for the heads up . Ben Rogers
Dave: I hope all is going well . I left you an e-mail regarding coming over to work for you . I decided to not except the UBS deal , so I wanted to come work for you and Janet . Since I have already talked with these guys , I am pretty much available today going forward . Again , you know what I have done and I think it would be a good fit . Hope to hear from you soon . Regards , Ben
I will call him today . I have mover off the trading floor and I am actually back on 31st floor where we used to work in trading and origination . Talk to you later . Ben
Have you noticed where Cin Summer is trading lately?? ? Thats right around $37.5 to $38.0 That is lower than where it liquedated last summer and based on the fundamentals regarding gas , it looks like its heading lower than that by April . Just wanted to keep you well informed and hope that your guys were in the right position . It was a pretty violent price move these last several weeks . Hope all is going well and I'll talk to you soon . Ben
Dad: I heard that CIN summer is down to $32 - $33 . Gas is going to be below $2.00 for the summer by March . Looks like your idea to short the whole year at $32.00 was a very good idea . Again make sure your guys are looking at it right . I think summer CIN will get to be around $28 before April and thats when you start buying it up . Let me know what you think . Merrill came out with a good report on you guys today . I need to talk to you about a couple of things . Please give me a call at home when you get the chance . Ben
It all comes down to the rotten deal culture this place became . I-banks have this kind of deal culture , but they seem to have the right controls in place , plus they are a lot bigger and the SEC is a clear watchdog in their dealings . Ben
Excuse me!! ! You mean to say "what you learned in kindergarten" are the skills you need to have for the rest of your lifetime .
Rosanna: This most recent year I was in the power trading group for Enron working in the Northeast market , where I was a junior trader , but doing alot of senior trader type stuff . I would be interested in talking with those guys if they are looking for someone like myself . I know that most of the senior traders are staying with UBS . There are a couple who have been looking elsewhere , some I think with Goldman . Let me see where those guys are at . I will send you my resume when I get home , so you will see it come through my home e-mail . Thanks again and talk to you soon . Ben
Rosanna: Sorry about not getting back with you . I am actually out in Vail/Beaver Creek , working on my skiing , since now is a pretty good time to work on that . I am still interested in talking with your contacts . I will call you tomorrow morning . I hope all is going well and I'll talk to you soon . Thanks again for your patience and help with this issue . Regards , Ben
Greg: I went to the meeting to look at valuing some of the outstanding contracts . It will take some time to make sure that we have the correct forward prices on some of these contracts . I will report back to you soon how all that is going and prepare written summaries to you asap . Hope this helps under these specific circumstances . Regards , Ben
you have way too much free time on your hands . You maybe should be back in bed and not at work causing trouble between already troubled employees . Nice art work! !
Paul: Up for playing spuash this week ? Ben
Billy: Good to see you back online . Need to play some tennis before I leave . I'll give you a call later . Ben
Home e-mail:
sounds good . Meet at the Briar Club ?
yes - Otto's or Texadelphia
Dad: Did you see that Dynegy is spinning off a MLP called Dynegy Energy Partners . Exactly what I have been talking about could be happening and that is still a very good idea , with maybe some of the players in your area . Also , John Rowe as been named sole CEO and Chairman of Exelon . They came out yesterday and said they were interested in merging with a midwest utility . Talk to you soon . Ben
Is this the Enron effect happening over there today ? Ben
Hey: Where do you think Delaney goes ? Goldman ?
Stan: Its been a very interesting ride these last four and a half years here . I received an offer from UBS , but decided to turn it down for personal reasons . These last few weeks I have been with the estate working on selling certain assets . Tomorrow is my last day with the estate and then I am off to Ohio and Cinergy to continue trading . I will also begin to learn the oprations of Cinergy as well as go back and get an executive MBA at Chicago . Ultimately , I want to learn more about the overall operations and effective energy risk management . I just wanted to thank you for all you have done while I have been here . I look back and think that I should have spent time in the pipeline group . Even after all that has happened I certainly wouldn't change what I have experienced . Thanks again for being such a good friend . Hope you are doing well and good luck with everything . I will send you my new information at Cinergy . My Dad would love to hear from you sometime . Regards , Ben
Our legal is reviewing right now . Hopefully , I'll have a final answer tomorrow . Susan
Stevens- The contract was mailed to Molly yesterday(9/11/00) . Let me know if she doesn't get it by tomorrow . Thanks , Susan
Stevens- I just spoke to Stacy Dickson and she confirmed that the contract was mailed out a week ago . She will e-mail it to Molly and mail it again regular mail . Sorry for the delay . Susan
Just checking to make sure Molly got the contract yesterday via email . Let me know if she didn't . Thanks Susan Pereira
Thanks for the update . Susan
Stevens- I've called Stacy Dickson and provided the term changes for the confirmation . Thanks , Susan
The IF term should be Nov.1 , 2000 - Feb . 28 , 2001 . Sorry if I messed up on the phone . Thanks , Susan
Looks good , Stacy . Thanks for your help . Susan
It may be time for a drink! ! Susan
Leslie- I was wanting to know what the imbalances are booked at . Are they all mark-to-marketed or valued at some historical pricing ? Also , can you work with LIG on the paperwork for settling the imbalance ? Thanks , Susan
Nelson probably has most of the deals . Here are mine for October with the sitara numbers- Superior - Mobile Bay - 413984,413992 Vintage - Koch- no Oct deal but Sept deal was 380360 Santa Fe/Snyder - Stingray Superior - Sea Robin - 227768
Leslie- We will cashout the imbalance with the two Koch entities in the following way: We owe Koch 11,885 mmbtu at $3.90/mmbtu , which equals $46,351.50 . which equals $58,035.79 . The net of these imbalances is $11,684.29 due to Enron . Let me know if you have any questions . I negotiated this with Scott Garrison at Koch . Thanks , Susan Pereira
Cinergy has agreed to settle the imbalance of 11,035 mmbtu owed them at $1.77/mmbtu . Please prepare the paperwork showing us paying them $19,531.95 to clear this imbalance . Thanks , Susan Pereira p.s.- you can just address the letter to Daniel Kieran
Is this a receivable for LRC or Enron ?
If the receivable is for ENA , it will have to be settled separately . Andy Ring talks to Koch for day trading . Maybe she could pursue this . Susan Pereira
Stevens- Destin does not feel comfortable with volumes yet at your meter . They are waiting for final meter numbers before allocating to our transport contract . That should happen some time next week . We will send you those numbers and the prices once we receive the final allocation . Thanks , Susan Pereira
The only info I had from you is that we owed ProEnergy 11,035 mmbtu . I asked you if we had any other outstanding imbalances with Cinergy or its precursors . You gave me the Onyx volume , but I had already negotiated the deal . Whose imbalance is the 10,644 mmbtu? ? Susan Pereira
Thanks
We'll take the lesson on the 25th at 11 am . Thanks , Susan Pereira
Helen- What is the mailing address ? Susan Pereira
We have not received any final allocation from Destin . I'm not sure what the holdup is . I think Joe talked with Harvey at Rebel and communicated this to him today . Susan
Here are the Gas Daily prices for Sonat on the days of allocated flow: Let me know if you need any more info . Susan
Good questions ! The volumes are at the wellhead , so the fuel volumes would need to be deducted . Destin has changed their fuel to 0.003% . As for the prices , the Sonat gas daily prices should be reduced by $0.24 /mmbtu transportation . Let me know if you have any more questions . Susan
Stevens- I haven't heard back from our accounting group on what their fax number is . In the meantime , you can just fax the invoice to me at 713-646-8453 . Susan
We will not be settling the El Paso/Stingray imbalance . El Paso insists on being paid back in kind , as opposed to cashing out at prices when the imbalance occurred . We'll just carry the imbalance on our books . Maybe we'll pay it back next year . Thanks , Susan Pereira P.S.- Was new paperwork sent out to Cinergy? ?
We were allocated a total of 7591 mmbtu at the receipt point for November . I think our contract for November is at the average of the Inside FERC postings for the three pipes plus a penny . Those prices are as follows: Transco Zone 3 $4.51 Florida Zone 3 $4.45 The same transport fee and fuel percentage as last month should be deducted from this price . I think the allocated fuel was 23 mmbtu . Also , keep in mind that we scheduled 31,112 mmbtu per Rebel's directions . ENA will have to cash out the difference with Destin ( at higher prices!) . Thanks , Susan Pereira
Jane- I've corrected the transport and fuel deducts in sitara and e-mailed the EOTT folks . Thanks Susan
Stevens- I wanted to clarify with you the transportation costs on Destin . The transportation rate is $.24/MMBtu and the ACA charge is $.0022/MMBtu . This should be deducted from the net volumes received on our transportation contract . The net volumes are the volumes allocated to our contract for redelivery after 0.3% fuel in kind has been deducted from the gross volumes at the receipt point into Destin . If you bill us on gross volumes , then you must deduct the value of the fuel as well as the $.2422/mmbtu in transportation costs from the pipeline . From my calculations , deducts from gross volumes would be $.258 in Oct. , $.2556 in Nov . and $.2602 in Dec . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks Susan Pereira
My understanding is that our deal converted to the average of three IF indices + . 01 ( less transport and fuel ) effective November thru February . The November price would then be $4.4767 + . 01 = $4.4867 less $.2422 less 0.3% fuel . The December price would be $5.9967 + . 01 = $6.0067 less $.2422 less 0.3% fuel . Please let me know if this is not your understanding . Also , please keep in mind ENA has taken losses on cashing out negative imbalances on this production . Thanks , Susan Pereira
Whoops ! I goofed . The transport deduct on gross volumes ( including fuel value ) is $.2602 . The transport deduct on net volumes is $.2422 . Sorry for the confusion . Susan
Do you know if we have actually collected on the imbalance settlement payments from Koch and LIG ? Also , are we in agreement with El Paso on the Stingray imbalance volume ( 11,973 mmbtu due Stingray) ? I have a statement from El Paso showing this volume . They want us to sign and return the volume statement . Thanks , Susan Pereira
Leslie- Have you sent any confirmation to El Paso stating our agreement with the imbalance and that it has been transferred to ENA ? Susan
Helen- Is a stand-by time available for Sunday afternoon around 2 pm ? The lesson would be for my daughter Kali . Thanks , Susan Pereira
Helen- Kali will be there at 2 pm Sunday the 14th for a private lesson . Thanks , Susan Pereira
Helen- Would a private lesson be available on Saturday or Sunday at 4 pm ? Thanks , Susan Pereira
We'll be there at 4 pm on Sunday . Thanks Susan Pereira
Kali Pereira was not able to make the lesson on Sunday the 21st due to car trouble . By my calculations , she has taken 3 private lessons since and including Dec 31 , leaving an $89 balance of the $170 . That would allow for 3 additional private lessons . What days and times will work over the next few weeks ? Saturdays and Sundays will work depending on the time . After school during the week might work , with the exception of Mondays . Thanks , Susan Pereira
At the Enron camp , how are the age groups combined ? For example , are 5-7 year olds together , 8-10 year olds , etc.... ? Thanks , Susan Pereira
Ruth- I've been trying to call you back since last night , but your line is always busy . I'd be happy to drive on Saturday . Shall I call everyone ? Other than Jazz and Kali , I'll need to pick up Francie , Angela and Amy , right ? Any more ? Thanks , Susan
Thanks for keeping up with that , Chris . Susan
I am resending this , as I have not received any reply . Susan Pereira
Sunday at 3 pm will work . Thanks , Susan Pereira
I can be there . Susan
Either day will work for me . Susan Pereira
The three indices are 9.81,9.89 and 9.97; the average is $9.89 . So , the contract price is $9.89 + . 01 less . 2422 transport on the net of fuel volumes . If you invoice on gross volumes you will need to deduct the value of the fuel ( 0.3%) . Thanks , Susan Pereira
I don't have any issues . Thanks , Susan Enron North America Corp .
Dave- There are several little features that EOL traders such as myself would like to see on the website and stack manager . I realize that there may be bigger issues being worked on currently , but would it be possible for EOL to survey Enron traders as well as outside traders on suggestions for enhancements? ? For example , I'd like to be able to sort completed trades by date on stack manager . Also , it would be nice if we could have a shading feature on the website , so people could shade products different colors . This might cut down on trades made in error . Thanks , Susan Pereira
Kathy- Thursdays at 6:30 will generally work for us; however , on Thursday the 15th we unfortunately have a conflict . Can you send me the list of girls who are on the team ? I know Kali is curious whether she knows anyone or not . Thanks , Susan
Helen- Just checking on whether there will be a lesson time available on Sunday afternoon . Saturday late afternoon might work for us as well . Thanks , Susan Pereira ( Kali Pereira )
Thanks Susan Pereira
Paul- Please take me off your email list for University of Chicago candidates . I have not been involved in any recruiting efforts . Thanks , Susan Pereira
Thanks for your help . Susan
Hi , Jan ! I hope you are all doing well . I'm sorry to hear that your mother is ill . I'm sure it's frustrating to be so far away . I know you have other things on your mind right now , but I wanted to check with you about our visiting this summer . We were thinking about the second week in July . We have not made any definitive plans . Let me know if that will work . If this summer doesn't work , we can always try next summer.. . Take care . Susan
Helen- I was just checking to see if Sunday , Feb . 18 at 3 pm would work for Kali's last private lesson . Thanks , Susan Pereira
I am not available for any recruiting at this time.\ Susan Pereira
Helen- Since we last emailed , something has come up on Sunday afternoon . Would it be possible to do the lesson earlier , like 11 am or noon ? Or , Kali has Monday the 19th off and could do a lesson anytime that day . Thanks , Susan Pereira
We'll plan to come to the camp . Thanks , Susan Pereira
Helen- I don't think we will be able to do group lessons during the week , but , just for grins , what is the time of the Tuesday afternoon class ? How many kids are in the class and who is the instructor ? Also , are there any group lessons on the weekends that my daughter Kali might participate in ? Are the classes large ? Thanks , Susan Pereira
My location is EB 3223F . Susan Pereira
Rob- From now on , I think Nelson Ferries ( w/Enron ) will be handling all our short term wellhead purchases . He may have talked to you already . His number is 713-853-3061 . Thanks . Susan Pereira
I would like to cancel my registration for this class . Thanks , Susan Pereira
Hi , Elise . Sorry to bother you , but when Kali was unwrapping her presents last night , there were two without cards or tags ( probably lost in transit!!) . We narrowed it down to Laura and Sofi . So that we can get the thank you notes correct , did Laura give Kali a Skipper doll or a bath set in a blue bag ? Thanks for your help . Susan P.S.- We ended up selling 131 boxes at the booth on Saturday .
Thanks . I had a feeling Laura's gift was the bath bag . As for the $20 donation , I'm glad we got it , because we ended up short on the cash collected for the cookies . Susan
Stevens , Joe put a call into Destin today , but our contact was out . Once we talk to the right person and find out exactly what needs to be done , I think we would be very interested in having Rebel draft the letter . I'll let you know as soon as I know.. . Susan
Kathy- Is soccer practice on for tonight ? It looks like it might be raining then . Also , for the game on Sunday , what time do you want everyone to be there ? Thanks Susan Pereira
Margaret- I'll get the cookies on Friday . Can you pick them up Friday night or Saturday ? I'll need payment for the 6 boxes then , as well as your money for the first order . Thanks , Susan
Thanks for the birthday card . I had a fairly quiet birthday . I went to work that day and went out to dinner that night . Hope you are all doing well . We're all fine , but very busy!! ! Take care , Susan
I need 2 cases of Thin Mints and 6 packages of Shortbread . I'm planning to go to the reorder station Friday afternoon unless someone has extras . Thanks , Susan Pereira
Kathy- Is it safe to assume that practice is cancelled for tonight? ? Susan Pereira
Margaret- Renato and I are already signed up to work Kali's class booth and our son's class booth--all at different times . I don't think we'll be able to help all afternoon at one booth , but if something changes I would be more than happy to help Mary out . Susan Pereira
Hi , Jan ! I don't know if you'll get this , but Maman said your email was back in business ( my words , not hers!) . I asked the kids about going ahead to Brazil with y'all . Michael will do whatever; Kali was a little hesitant . When do you think you'll be coming here and when do you think you'll leave . We'll need to coordinate the travel schedules . We're going to use OnePass miles for at least two tickets , so we'll need to finalize things in early April to get seats . Talk to you soon . Susan P.S.- Happy Birthday early! !
Stevens- We've moved up the food chain at Destin , but have not received a response yet . I'll be out next week . Check with Joe Casas to see if he hears anything Susan
Julie- I left my paperwork in the green box at your doorstep yesterday . I wanted to make sure you received it . I'll be out of town until March 25 , so if you have any questions , I won't be able to respond until then . Thanks , Susan Pereira
Please take me off your mailing list! !
Thanks . I did not do a T5 . Susan Pereira
I sent in a check for $200 for deposits for my daughter and son . They are both going for two weeks . I thought the deposit was $50/wk per child . Susan Pereira PM
In the past , Jesse would let me know about our imbalance and cashout price . He would do the paperwork and trade out of the imbalance with another party . Susan Enron North America Corp .
David- I just got back in town . Monday the 2nd will work for me . Susan
Hi , Jan . I hope you are all doing well . Maman has updated us on your mother's condition . I know it must be stressful , especially from long distance . Kali liked her birthday gifts . Believe it or not , we didn't already have the World Pup movie . We had rented it back in February and the kids liked it . I'm not sure if you got my last email before we left on vacation , but I was wondering what your travel schedule was in June . When will you be arriving , when will you be returning ( Kali has warmed up to the idea of travelling without us on the plane) , etc . The earliest we could leave for Brazil would be the evening of Friday , July 6 . We would probably need to return to Houston by July 14 . Let me know how that sounds . Also , if we need to reschedule for another time until you get things straight for your mother , let me know . That's certainly more important . Talk to you soon.... . Susan
I would like to have a spot in the new garage . Susan W . Pereira
Ok , here's the plan.... . Kali and Michael will leave for Brazil with y'all on Wed . the 27th on the evening flight ( ?) . Let me know the exact Continental flight number so we can make the reservations . We'll get the seat assignments coordinated later I guess . Renato and I will take a flight out of Houston on the evening of July 6 , arriving Saturday morning . The four of us will return to Houston on the next Fri . night flight ( 13th) . I think we've decided not to go to Foz do Iguacu , since we have so little time . Instead , we'd like to go to Rio for a few days . Can we all go together and drive . Maybe you could get hotel reservations there ? Let me know what you think . We're excited about the trip . The kids can't wait . Susan
David- Is the meeting on for April 2 ? Susan
Kathy- I got your message . Kali has been going to the Thursday practices , with the exception of the last three weeks due to rainout , spring break and a going away party for a friend . She'll be there on this Thursday . Do you have a uniform for her ? Maybe she would feel part of the team if she gets a shirt and has that for the next game . I'll try to work on her . Thanks , Susan Pereira
Thanks . See you on Thursday . Susan
Jan- I checked the website for the hotels at Foz . The tourism website is down . It looks like a great place . I'll have to convince Renato to go ( you know , he might miss out on working out for one day) . I think the kids might like it too . Did Alexia and Sebastien like it or was it too much walking ? I asked my boss about it . He went with his family when he was living in Argentina . They really enjoyed it . Can you go ahead and check on flights and which hotel to stay at ? The Hotel Colonial Iguacu e Spa looked like the nicer one on the internet . I imagine the flights will be cheaper booking them there . Is that right ? Let me know the airline and I'll check here . I guess we would go on July 4 and return on July 5 . Also , would y'all want to go as well ? Thanks for your help . Susan
Tomorrow at 1:45 would work better . Wednesday is AGA storage day and it's hard for me to get away before3pm . Thanks , Susan
Thanks . Susan P.S.-Did you get my other email ?
Sorry . You probably sent it to my home email.. . Susan
Jan- I was looking at the wrong week . Sorry , stress and sleep deprivation are my only excuses . How much time should we spend in Rio ? Should we leave for Foz on the 11th ? I just heard about the Cataratas this morning from Scott Neal . That was the place he suggested and that sounds great . I'll work on Renato when he gets back in town . Thanks , Susan
Thanks for your help , Jan . Renato just got home late last night . I'll have to inform him of our travel plans! ! Talk to you soon . Susan
Dear Mr . Junek- Per Scott Goodell's advice , I am officially informing you that the CES offshore firm contract is now on your book . Scott thinks that it is volumetric , so there should be no impact on you . The wellhead desk will take this over as soon as their pools are set up on Col . Gulf . Sincerely yours , Susan ( aka "the bitch" )
We returned the printer we had ordered through Click-at-Home . We did not reorder another printer through ClickatHome . Susan Pereira
We ordered a computer , printer , scanner , etc . We just returned the printer . Susan Pereira
Kathy- Our home email address has changed: Thanks , Susan Pereira
Same transport & fuel deductions . As for the BTU issue , Joe has talked with the Destin people several times about it . They said they were going to get with Kahuna and straighten things out . Joe will call again today . Sorry about the delay , but we really have no control over it . Susan
the ticket is 704011 Susan
I can meet anytime after 11:00 am tomorrow , between 11 and 12 on Wednesday , anytime after 11 on Thursday , and after lunch on Friday . Thanks , Susan Pereira
Ruth- I went ahead and scheduled Kali to do the GSWEC camp the first two sessions . I've only put the deposit down , so I can get that money back if we decide to do the Blue Fox Farm camp instead . Hopefully , we'll have that info the first week in May . Marla is planning on signing up Blakely for the second session there , pending what the Blue Fox Farm schedule looks like . I think Anna Edelman is also interested . I left a message with Sue today letting her know that I was reserving a spot for Kali at GSWEC just in case the Blue Fox Farm doesn't work . Thanks , Susan
David- If I want to communicate with the other commission members , am I supposed to funnel it through you ? If so , I want to find out if anyone is interested in setting up a table at the carnival ( April 21 ) to solicit public opinion on P&Z issues . We could set up next to the tree committtee or share a table . I'll be at the carnival until about 3 pm; however , I'll be working from 12-2 . Also , we could solicit public opinion outside the clubhouse on election day , May 5 . I could do that anytime before 4 pm . Anyone else interested?? ? Thanks , Susan Pereira
Have you been drinking , Kimberly? ?
Just kidding with you . Hope your hand is getting better . See you on Monday . Susan
Julie- Is there any chance that the recognitions will be available prior to May 9 ? Our troop is having its last meeting before the summer on the afternoon of May 9 . Let me know if I can help . Thanks , Susan Pereira
Roy Anne- Will the last brownie meeting be on the afternoon of May 9 ? We have early dismissal that day . The recognitions for the cookie sale may not be available until the evening of the 9th . I've emailed the coordinator to see if we can get them earlier . Thanks , Susan
Jan- Looks good . I'll finalize with Renato when he gets back in town tomorrow . We'll email you then . Thanks for all your help . Susan
Thanks . Just let me know when you want me to come over . Susan Pereira
Thanks for your help . It sounds like your girl scout outings are a little more exotic than ours . Our last event was an overnight campout in one of the girls' backyards . The girls had a lot of fun . I was lucky and didn't have to volunteer . Michael got to be an only child for the night and got all the attention . He loves it when Kali spends the night away! ! Talk to you soon . Susan
That sounds great! ! We're looking forward to the trip as well . The kids are anxious to have Alexia and Sebastien here to play with . I don't know if there are any activities in particular that Alexia and Sebastien want to do , but I know Kali and Michael would be happy just to play at home and swim . Mayba a movie or two . By the way , we just saw Spy Kids for the second time . If it's playing down there , you ought to take the kids . Alexia will especially enjoy it . See you soon . Love , Susan
Cindy- The T-shirt people will deliver the shirts around 4 pm on Thursday . See you then . Hope your son is ok . Susan Pereira
Thanks , Victor . Susan
Kathy- Thanks for the email . Kali was not able to make last Sunday's game due to a schedule conflict that I had . Plus , she will not go to the last game because her best friend's birthday party is at the same time . I had her skip another friend's party to make the one game she did participate in ( all the softball girls schedule their parties on Sunday so as not to conflict with those games!!) . If it's not too late , do not order a trophy for her . She really was never much of a team participant . I'm hoping her enthusiasm this fall will be like last fall and not this spring . Thanks for all your help , time and effort . Susan Pereira Do you know who some of the U10 girls coaches will be? ? Will you be coaching ? I did not sign up to coach because I may asst . coach my son's U6 team .
Thanks . Let me know where I can send the $6 . Susan Pereira
Kathy- Just let me know when you get the trophy . I can pick it up at your house ( front porch or whatever is convenient for you ) and leave the $$ in your mailbox . Susan
Julie- Unfortunately , I will not be able to help you sort recognitions during the day on Tuesday -- I can't get off work on that day . If you are able to sort our troop's recognitions ( troop 12357 ) by Tuesday evening , I would love to come by and pick them up . Our last Brownie meeting is on Wednesday afternoon , and I wanted to get everything to our troop leader Wednesday morning before work . Let me know what time would be convenient for me to come by . I have a Southside Place city council meeting to attend at 7 pm but could come by before.... . Thanks , Susan Pereira
Thanks . I'll come by between 4:45 and 5:30 . Susan Pereira
Looks fine , Jan . Thanks for taking care of this for us . Let me know the exact amount if the exchange rate changes . I'll give a check to Papi to deposit in your account . I hope you are all doing well . Maman told us of your struggles to get the medication you need . I hope things work out . How are the kids doing ? Kali and Michael are very excited that school is almost out--just two more weeks . They can't wait for Alexia and Sebastien to get here . See you soon. . Love , Susan
This will serve as my confirmation . "Dictionary.com Word of the Day Confirmation from Lyris ListManager" Please respond to "Dictionary.com Word of the Day Confirmation from Lyris
David- I got the email you forwarded to me . Have you responded to Suzanne Sugarbaker yet ? I would be happy(? ) to talk with her , so please feel free to forward my email address to her . If I don't hear back from you today , I will probably email Suzanne directly this weekend . Maybe I can clarify a few issues with her . As for Cindy Colvin's "presentation," I've spoken with Richard Rothfelder on how we might handle future situations like this . In the meantime , I'm taking extra vitamins to thicken my skin . Let me know what responses you receive today on the RFP . I know we will need to schedule a committee meeting in the next week or so . Thanks , Susan Please email me back today at our home email address : pereira@houston.rr.com . I'm leaving early for a doctor appt .
David- The 22nd or 24th would work better for me . Please check with the others on which day is more convenient . Thanks , Susan
I generally deal with Kari Dillard at BP . This particular transaction was an intraday deal done on the 6th for flow on the 6th . I assume it was Kari . Thanks , Susan
Beth- I will not be able to participate in the Chicago recruiting efforts . Can you please remove my name from your group email list ? Thanks , Susan Pereira
Terry- Our Friday night game is at Pershing now , too? ? Susan Pereira
My daughter Kali Pereira is currently registered for the 4th session in summer 2002 . I would like to change that to the 5th session . Thanks , Susan Pereira 713-853-3229 work
Laurie- Superior is right . One of the deals listed as baseload was really term . Christina is going to adjust the tickets . Fill deals 778088 and 933354 first , then 939542 , then the gda deal 939300 . Sorry for the confusion . Thanks , Susan Pereira
Louis- I currently have an EZ tag for the tollways and understand that now they can be programmed to work in the garage . My EZ tag # is 00564749 . Please let me know when it is programmed and I will return the transponder . Thanks , Susan Pereira
Terry- I just wanted to double check that the makeup game is Wednesday , Oct . 10 , not tomorrow . Thanks , Susan
Carolyn- I have received my new calling card . When will I receive my pin number ? Susan Pereira
Thanks , Carolyn . I don't travel anymore , so I haven't used the old card in a long time . Susan Pereira
Thanks , Melba . Susan Pereira
Melba- I made a few changes to the products -- dates and risk assignment . Thanks , Susan Pereira
Mayor Lewis- I would like to recommend strongly that the City of West University postpone its work at Colonial Park until late May 2002 . At least 50-60 girls ( ages 6-8 ) in the West U Softball Association practice at the field in Colonial Park from February through May each year . What harm can it do to postpone the work so that the girls can play there this upcoming season ? If the field is unavailable in 2002 , it will be very difficult to find suitable practice sites on such short notice , especially near West U . West U is all about family and community; what's more community-minded than allowing youth sports to use public park space ? Sincerely , Susan Pereira
Thanks for your support ! Susan Pereira
Dear Mr . May- I am writing to request that West U postpone the planned work at Colonial Park until late May 2002 . Over 50 girls ( ages 6-8 ) involved in the West U Softball Association practice at the field in the park from February through May every year . WUSA would have a very hard time finding a replacement field at this late notice , especially anything close to West U . What harm would it do to delay the City's plans until the summer ? West U prides itself on being a city focused on community and families . What's more community-minded than allowing youth sports to practice on public park space? ? Sincerely , Susan Pereira
Thanks , Kam Susan
Alejandra calcs Gulf 2 . Thanks , Susan
Valerie- Go with Vintage's numbers on the spreadsheet . I have corrected the sitara ticket . I think the problem might have been that I forgot to adjust the fuel value from the previous month . Sorry for the mistake . Thanks , Susan Pereira
Hi , fellow P&Z members . I just wanted to let you know about the meeting David Moss and I had with Dan Muniza of Center America . Sweet Mesquite restaurant is very interested in the existing Eckerd's site and is now willing to wait until next summer when Eckerd's moves into its new proposed building on the west side of the property ( where Weiner's is now) . Sweet Mesquite expressed an interest in some outdoor seating area and Dan Muniza wanted some warm fuzzies that the City would allow Center America/Sweet Mesquite to use City easement along Braes for a patio area . Currently , that area is being used for parking . The proposed patio would be above the street level by around two feet or so . Basically , Center America would extend the existing sidewalk that abuts Eckerd's out to the street and fence in the whole patio area with decorative fencing or brick . They would also include some plantings , greenery , etc . David Moss is checking with David Allums ( city attorney ) about any potential liability with Center America/Sweet Mesquite using City easement . Also , there is an existing water line under this parking area that would need to be relocated closer to the street . I think David will be able to give us a cost estimate on this at our next meeting . David did mention that the line is in need of replacement anyway . As for the new Eckerd's building , Dan Muniza did not have the proposed elevations from Eckerd's yet . He's expecting to get something this week . He's reserving the right to pick something that will blend in with the existing center . Also , there was some concern at the last City Council meeting about the additional parking needs of a Sweet Mesquite . Dan Muniza indicated that the parking behind the center is open to anyone . They prefer that it be available for Center America employees and tenants during the day , but it's wide open after 5 pm . David Moss will be contacting everyone soon about scheduling a meeting to discuss the City's proposed landscaping ordinance . He wanted to do that prior to Comp . Plan meeting on the 30th . Thanks , Susan Pereira
David- After thinking about it and talking with other P&Z members , I think we can suggest some more ideas to Dan Muniza on the outdoor seating area . Since the restaurant does not need the entire area , maybe they could use the front part or the middle part . If they used the middle part , we could reclaim the front and back and put plantings and/or suitable trees . Also , Dora suggested they use some kind of decking instead of concrete . Maybe when P&Z meets again we can flesh out some of these ideas . Next time you talk with Dan , please mention using only a part of the area . Thanks , Susan
Terry- I can drive my Sequoia to practice and take 6 girls to Baskin Robbins as well . Between you and me , that should be enough space for all the girls . Susan
no
I've forwarded your message to Christina Sanchez . She was the one who reallocated the volumes . She will look at it again . Let me know if there is anything else I can do . Thanks , Susan
Hi , Connie! ! Sorry I didn't get back to you on Friday . Things got busy . The stock is still going down , but not as much . It's at $13.92 right now , yippee!! ! I'm hoping all the skeletons are out of the closet now . I guess I'll be working another 5 years or so -- I don't think the stock will get back to $45 or $50 until then . There aren't any new businesses for Enron to get into to make the stock analysts excited . All the money we're making in trading is apparently not doing it for them . Who knows what will happen to the executives who are still here ? It might be hard to get a concrete case against them . I'm sure some of them are in the same boat as the rest of us . Oh , news flash....ENE $13.80.....I think Wall Street wants Ken Lay's head on a platter . I'm sure the stock analysts are really frustrated that Jeff Skilling isn't here anymore --- they would have gutted him . Old Skilling is just grinning in his new River Oaks mansion . I think I would gut him if I crossed paths with him . I think I should sign up for anger management classes . As for my car purchase... . yes , I traded in my Land Cruiser for a Toyota Sequoia . I got a really good deal on my trade-in and paid cash for the balance . Two days later , Renato found out from his new boss that Renato's position was superfluous . This boss is the only Entergy guy to survive the Entergy-Koch trading merger . They put him in between Renato and his former boss , and this guy decided that they didn't need both of them . Entergy-Koch is so small that there aren't any other comparable positions open . The guys working for Renato are sick about it . The upper management at Entergy-Koch has done a review of this Entergy guy since he told Renato to take a hike ---everyone , peers and employees , told management in the review process that the guy was a two-faced loser with zero personality . Of course , now , Renato has already signed off on his settlement agreement; plus , he'd never consider going back . They are paying him through the end of the year and vesting him in all the savings plans . They are also paying him a year's salary , and he's currently doing a consulting job for the pipeline . He's been actively looking for a new job . Hopefully , he'll find one , or I'll be working until I'm 70! ! Oh , well . Maybe I'll have some good news next time.... . Susan
I've left a message with my contact at Vintage . I haven't heard back yet . I do know that in Oct and Nov the gath . fee is . 0981 . I'll let you know when I find out about Sept . Thanks , Susan
Rudy- Yes , I agree to the cancellation of deal 44551573556 . Thanks , Susan Pereira
This just in . .. . ENE at $11.31.....Good thing my guns are locked up! ! Susan
Valerie- I just found out from Robert Eubank at Vintage that he was telling me the wrong thing for the gathering charges . SLN 9205 has always had a . 0981 gathering fee . SLN 2883 gath . charges are as follows: Sept . . 0268 , Oct . 0628 , Nov . 0628 . I'll adjust the sitara tickets , but I'll have to weight average the gathering . You'll need to fine tune it since you're dealing with the actual volumes from each wellhead point . Thanks , Susan
Thanks a lot , Karen! ! UGH!! !
No kidding!! ! I'll be afraid to look at my third quarter savings plan statement when it comes next month . Each time I lose a digit on the total! ! I was thinking about retiring next year--HA HA . It looks like retirement has been delayed indefinitely.... . Talk to you later Susan
Valerie- With the gathering charge corrections , do we have any other outstanding issues with Vintage ? Susan
Laurie- Christina was going to review the allocation and change if needed last week . Are we square with Superior now?? ? Susan
Sorry for the confusion . Thanks for your help . Susan
Nope , no relation . We're only related to poor Pereiras! ! Susan
Valerie- Are we ok with Vintage now ? Susan
My husband is no longer with Koch , but we do live in Southside . We moved to Southside when it was the same price as West U . We're definitely some of the poorer folks in Southside now..... .
You didn't offend me at all . I wish I were related to someone on the Board of Directors.. .
Is the Koch/Sabine interconnect already mapped to Sabine? ? Susan
Yes , I will be there . Is the trainer supposed to come tonight? ? Susan
Laurie- No . I have not put a new ticket in the system . I wrote up a paper ticket and Alejandra Chavez adjusted the term of the existing sitara ticket . I'm not sure how it is supposed to be handled . You might check with Alejandra and Kam Keiser . Apparently , we've had some similar deals with other counterparties . The NYMEX desk people told me that Credit doesn't want us paying one lump sum for unwinds . Do you have any instructions concerning this , given our current financial situation? ? Thanks , Susan Pereira
We support you 100% , Chris! !
Thanks , Laurie . Susan
Stevens- I don't think anything has changed . The transport rate is $.2421 + 0.3% fuel . The pricing is the average + $.01 . I've emailed Tricia to see what the problem is . Susan
I think we've got the prices right in our system now . Susan
Let me know if your payment doesn't look right . Susan
Thanks , Stephanie
Mr . Lay- After reading the news of your $60,000,000 to $80,000,000 payout , I am disgusted and appalled all over again . Unfortunately , that's a daily occurrencI have been employed with Enron since May of 1993 , when Enron purchased LRC . I was very skeptical of Enron back then and was unsure of my future with the company . As time went on , I got more comfortable with the Enron way and learned how to survive and even be a little successful here . I became a believer in the things Enron could accomplish , a champion of our hard-nosed , driven executives ( at least some of them) . I bought Enron stock and held on to those valuable options . Over the last 18 months , my coworkers and I have viewed the weekly , sometimes daily , selling of Enron stock and exercising of options by our top executives ( past and present and including you) . We came up with all kinds of reasons that the executives would be doing this -- they're so overly compensated that they have to cash out some every now and then , divorce settlements , mistress settlements , buying a new home in Aspen , buying an island in the Caribbean , etc. , etc . etc... . We never wanted to admit that they knew something we didn't . Things were great , weren't they ? Jeff Skilling told us that Enron was going to be the "World's Leading Company." He even put the goofy acronyms on his car license plate . He told us gas traders in February how the stock was going to $126 by the end of the year . Now , being the cynic that I am , I didn't believe the $126 , although I have to admit I was hopeful; I figured that if Jeff had the audacity to throw out a number that high , then it was reasonable to expect the stock to be fairly stable , i.e.,Needless to say , I didn't sell my stock and didn't exercise any more options . In fact , I bought more stock when it first started going down . I'm afraid that there are many more just like me . I'm fortunate in that I have many working years ahead of me ( where , I don't know ) to try to build up my savings again . Many others are not that fortunate . So many have spent their entire careers here , helping to build this company up . They were looking forward to retiring soon and enjoying the fruits of their labor . And let me remind you that their retirement accounts were in many cases a lot less than a month's compensation for you . Now even that is essentially gone . Other employees were just ready to cash in some of their options to pay for their children's college tuition . The stories are too numerous to list , and the more I think about it , the more sickened I become . It is painfully obvious to me and my coworkers , as well as the rest of the industry and Houston , that Enron's executives knew that there were skeletons in the closet and began cashing in ahead of this freefall . The employees and the rest of the world were fed a bunch of half-truths and mystery mumbo-jumbo . There should be an accounting for this behavior . You and your cohorts have ruined so many lives . Think about that while you're spending your millions.... . Susan Pereira ENA Gas Trader
Kimberly- I would like a loaner laptop for the weekend . Is that possible? ? Also , the ice machine by us is not dispensing ice anymore . Thanks , Susan P.S.- I promise not to complain about anything next time I write..... .
Why are we at the 110% and not something less ? When is the 30 day period over ? Susan
Still here , but don't know for how long.. . I still can't believe the arrogant assholes who have run this company into the ground . Because our credit rating keeps dropping , our trading abilities are being adversely affected . I don't know how long things will be able to go on at this rate . We may not make it to the end of the year , Dynegy deal or not . I'm hopeful that the remaining finance people can refinance our debt , but if they don't , it doesn't look good... . Oh , well . We'll all just move on and look for other jobs . Oh , by the way , we just moved into the new building this past weekend . We're sitting near the power trading arrogant assholes . Hope everything is going well for you . How is your house coming along? ? Send me a note back . I'm going to be out tomorrow but will be back in on Monday . They start laying off people next week . It won't be in gas and power , but in other areas of the corporation . Merry Christmas! ! Take care , Susan
I just wanted to thank all the girls and the parents for the autographed t-shirt and the restaurant gift certificate . I really appreciate it . I had a lot of fun working with the girls . They were all so enthusiastic and committed to the team effort . It was very rewarding for me to see how the team came together and improved so much . The girls have a lot to be proud of . I hope to see everyone in the spring soccer program or next fall . Thanks again to all the parents for your efforts and time commitment , especially to Terry , Jon and Vicki . Have a great holiday season . Take care , Susan Pereira P.S . - Terry , could you forward this on to the Reeses , please ? I don't have their email address . Thanks .
I tried to send this to your home email , but it was undeliverable .
Hi , Connie ! The trading groups ( the ones that used to make all the money ) are still working full days . We're trying to trade , but our number of counterparties decreases daily . I don't know if we'll make it through the next week . They are laying off people this week , so I hear , in other groups . I don't know who has been notified . We may all be walking out the door soon . As for the kids , Yes , Kali still believes in Santa Claus . I don't know if she knows and is not fessing up ! We'll be here in Houston for Christmas . Give us a call when you get here; we'd love to see you . Thank goodness I already bought the kids' Christmas gifts . They haven't written their lists yet , though . We went to a dude ranch in Bandera , TX for Thanksgiving weekend . The kids had a blast and want to go back next year . I guess I'll be updating my resume this weekend . It looks pretty bleak . Talk to you soon . Susan
I expect us to file bankruptcy today or tomorrow . We will likely be defaulting on a lot of our December business . There are some last ditch efforts going on , but I'm not very hopeful . If we file bankruptcy , I think we'll all get at least 60 days pay . There were supposed to be layoffs this week anyway . I guess those will happen . I don't know . They may wait until we file bankruptcy and see what the bankruptcy court judge wants the company to do first . Stay tuned... .
Craig- You might want to talk to Ormet concerning deliveries for December . It is very likely we may have to default to them for December . We have NYMEX length and may be able to use some hub gas to transport to Ormet . I don't know which deals will be served first . Susan Pereira
That's fine , Stevens .
Sounds like a great idea , Ana . Thanks , Susan Pereira
Please discontinue my United Way contributions for 2001 and 2002 . Thanks , Susan Pereira
currently , it is pereira@houston.rr.com
Good testimonial ! I hope they print it .
Guess what ? I got a response from Ken on my email to him . In fact , he responded just a few days after I wrote him , but his assistant didn't send it back to me until today . He hand wrote a response on the printout of my email . Susan
You're the best !
Ana- I think I am signed up as an alternate for the field trip on Thursday . Do you know if I'll be needed ? Thanks , Susan Pereira
Here is a kitty for your office . I really miss mine now that they are in Kitty Jail !
I was successful shopping for Jim on-line at B&N and Territory Ahead . Mum , only the book will be shipped to your house; I was on autopilot and typed in my work address for the other . ( Really missed the boat on tennis clothes . You have to act early . Today I saw one of the Met pros leaving with his catalog to order FALL 2000 Nike stuff! ) Karin , I am probably going to make a stop at Macy's or Neiman's makeup counter at some point so I could pick up the Estee Lauder for MeeMaw* if you know the shade . Bill's b-day is today; if you want to send a message his e-mail is That's all this elf knows . * new trendy spelling with capital letter within the word
Janet , please calendar these meetings for me . Thanks .
Bryan , Are you still having a great time ? So what is Bali like ? The only images I can summon are Gauguin's paintings , but weren't those of Tahiti ? Things are pretty good here . Lots of Christmas parties , lots of Christmas cheer , etc . Not a whole lot going on at the office , for a change . Really , though , I think I would much rather be in Bali . Take care .
John Buchanan and I discussed TW's transfer of gas from the PG&E/Topock receipt/delivery point to the PG&E/Topock Park N' Ride point to implement TW's use of PG&E's Market Center service . My understanding is that physically the points are one and the same , and that the transaction will simply be a paper transfer . Since a contract is required in our system as a formality to implement the transfer , the rate TW will "charge" itself for the transfer is $0 . This message is to confirm that I see no legal or regulatory problems with the above scenario . If you have any further questions , please do not hesitate to e-mail or call me ( x30596) .
Hey girl ! Thanks for the book and the CD . I lazed around the house enjoying both yesterday morning . After we played tennis , Bill took me to Berryhill for fish tacos ( al fresco ) and later that evening we went to yet another Christmas party , where I drank champagne ( but luckily not too much) . So it was a good birthday . Have a good day !
See the attached ( one shows redlining , the other does not ) and let me know if you have further questions .
no comments this month
Thanks . Lindy and I are going to look at whether any changes will need to be made to the pro forma sheets we've filed , and will get back to you .
I made a couple of minor changes . Here are plain and redlined versions ( I turned the tracker off on the plain one) . Also , be sure to fill in the contract # .
Did Stan make the call to FERC , I wonder .
Drew -- see MK's comments . I'm trying to come up with some new language to address her concerns .
Oops , wrong one -- I meant MK had comments on Red Cedar . This one for Duke is OK .
Drew , here's an excerpt from a FERC letter order accepting for filing a nonconforming agreement filed by Dynegy Midstream...sounds a little bit like what the TW guys are trying to do , if I understand the concept of volumetric rates correctly . Left a message for my friend at DMP but he ( like everyone else ) is out 'til next year . But since there were no subsequent orders issued in the docket I assume there were no problems with the filing . I'm still leaning towards recommending the $0 demand/ $0.02 commodity + file as nego . rate approach . If Steve Harris is OK with the idea of doing a deal that requires filing , I will draft something and send it your way . The referenced negotiated transaction provides for a transportation service under DMP's Rate Schedule FTS . Rather than paying a reservation charge , the negotiated agreement specifies that KGS will pay a volumetric rate . The volumetric rate will equal DMP's maximum interruptible transportation service rate as set forth in DMP's tariff . .  . The contract also ( a ) specifies five Dth/d as KGS' maximum daily reservation quantity , ( b ) lists KGS' primary receipt as Meter # 9999999 and ( c ) identifies five primary delivery points for KGS . .  .  Upon filing Docket No . RP99-240-000 , DMP stated that it agreed to the above negotiated rate so that KGS could serve small residential customers on DMP's system under a firm rate schedule .
Drew , I've attached my proposed changes to the Red Cedar contract . Our beloved Min/Max Language became a bit problematic , as you can see . I'd welcome your comments on this .
see attached .
Wow , you struck a nerve with this one ! My grandmother ( Mema ) is an absolute nightmare when around family , but really sweet to everyone else ! Everyone tells me how wonderful and nice she is ( she meets lots of people I know on her commute to her office downtown) , and I just have to keep my mouth shut because no one would believe some of the things she says & does . Example: over Christmas she kept trying to tell my 8-months pregnant sister all kinds of delivery-room horror stories ! I finally had to yell at her to get her to shut up . Maybe you remember Mema; she calls every so often and bullies receptionists and secretaries into tracking me down instead of just leaving a message . Of course , everyone but me thinks it is really cute . Hope your holiday was really great !
Since the 311 belt/suspenders approach didn't quite fit , I've had to try to convince Mr . Hertzberg that he ought to rely on the NGA Sec . 1 exemption for gatherers ( Frank Kelly and Frazier concur with us on this , by the way) . He is not convinced yet , although he is unable to cite any authority for his proposition that being a shipper on TW would subject a gathering company to FERC jurisdiction . I pointed out that Agave , the owner and operator of an extensive gathering system that interconnects with TW's system , has for many years been a shipper on TW . Also , Lindy has found that Red Cedar already has a long-term transportation contract on another interstate system , Transcolorado , so if Hertzberg's theory is right they are going to jail anyway ! Red Cedar also seems to be hung up on our requirement that shippers have title to the gas they ship . At this point Lorraine and I believe they might just be looking for any excuse to get out of the deal . If anything interesting happens I'll let you know .
Anyway , Ann isn't coming on Friday because she can't stand it that everyone is a couple , so she is going instead with her ex boyfriend to a dinner party given by some people she doesn't even know . Although I am trying very hard to be understanding , I'm not doing a very good job . When I was in her situation , I seem to remember enjoying my best friends' company whether I had a date or not ! But that's just me . Hope you are still having tanning weather in Austin . We certainly are here . If you feel you are not getting enough color for your trip to Cabo , I'll come before you leave and help you with the Clinique Tan-In-A-Tube ! ( You will still have to wear sunscreen) . What are your trip dates again ? Have a good day ! Love ,
I'm attaching an article that I just received about the CPUC's and Indicated Shippers' protests of the recent ENA deal on El Paso . I have a call in to Drew Fossum to talk about formulating a formal response , and I will keep you in that loop in case you get any inquiries . ( My initial , unofficial reaction is that with the marketing affiliate rules and other safeguards in place , the fact that ENA and Transwestern have the same parent company should make no difference to the FERC. ) Until further notice , I would avoid any communication with ENA on these issues . If you have any questions , please e-mail or call me ( x30596) .
Attached is Shelley Corman's response to Jeff Dasovich , based on conversations with Drew and me . Accordingly , I would advise you not to participate in the conference call Jeff is setting up for tomorrow . Questions -- give me a call .
Steve , for your information , the case in which the Commission denied ECT's petition for a limited waiver of the shipper must have title rule appears at 84 FERC P 61,222 .
Hi Mum ! Ann and I saw "Mr . Ripley" and I lay awake last night wondering how else the main character could have dealt with his dilemma on the boat ! I think I need to go to the movies more often; perhaps it will help me avoid this blurring of film and reality . My tendency is to really get involved when I see them on the big screen ! Might be going to San Francisco next week . I'd really like to go . We'll see . Probably I will come to Austin on Saturday but I've not heard from the landscaper yet . I doubt they will be working on the weekend though . Hope you're having pretty weather as we have in Houston today . Love ,
Our consulting agreement with IGS for services related to the CPUC proceeding expired 12/31/99 but can be continued by mutual agreement of the parties . Given the upcoming proceedings , I'd recommend that we act on this sooner rather than later...let me know and I'll draft a brief letter to Mark Baldwin .
I've reviewed the IGS market development agreement pursuant to your request . It expires 2/29/00 . The agreement requires the parties to meet 90 days prior to that date for the purpose of discussing an extension but does not obligate us to agree to any such extension . As you know , I have a conflict tomorrow at 10 , but would be happy to provide any other information you need for the meeting .
Lindy , do you know offhand whether our OBAs with PG&E and SoCal deviate from the usual 10% tolerance provided for in our tariff form OBA ? If not , who do you think might be able to tell me ?
Rich , would you please add Tim Aron to your distribution list for the Gallup Weekly Updates , and also forward him your latest ? He is working on New Mexico regulatory and legislative issues pertaining to our compression contract , and I thought your updates would help keep him in the loop . Thank you .
The Mark Morris group performance is the last weekend of this month , the 27th - 29th . See the website www.spahouston.org and click on "Program Notes" for a detailed description . Bill and I will leave for Austin tomorrow a.m . as early as we can manage . I'm not picky about where we go for dinner , but was thinking Bill might enjoy going to the Bitter End brew pub -- I'm sure they don't take reservations but it should not be a problem if we go early enough . The landscaper removed all the bushes in the front beds and it looks weird ! Can't wait for her to get the new gravel in my driveway . We'll call tomorrow a.m . if not sooner ! Have a good day !
Lorraine , here is the new language for the discount letter . You might want to compare the other language in the agreement to that of the existing one to make sure I got the right version ( or I'll do it on Monday) . Let me know if you have questions . I just ran it by Drew and he is OK with it .
OK , here's my first attempt . Although I think Red Cedar's lawyers might be looking for more , they have not specifically requested it , so I decided to stick to making only the statements Ed Meaders mentioned in his 2 voice mails . I believe this may suffice .
Mary Kay -- please see the attached -- Red Cedar has essentially asked us for acknowledgement that TW is willing to allow them to act as agent to transport gas for producers even though Red Cedar itself does not have title to the gas . Drew has seen this and says he is going to discuss it with you .
Drew , here is the memo . I know you will add your own spin before sending it on to Cordes . However , if there is anything you want me to fix , please do not hesitate to call .
Jeff , attached is our summary of the Transwestern receipt point proposal for inclusion in CAC's settlement proposal . I hope that this is helpful . If you have any comments , please let me know .
Lorraine , here is the letter . You will need to fill in the address; otherwise it's ready to go . Let me know if you need anything else ( including
Janet -- could you please try to find the files Maria references in her e-mail , and I'll take it from there . Thanks !
Please print out the attached on my letterhead & bring it over to me . Thank you! !
I regret to report that I just ended a very unproductive phone conversation with Mr . Hertzberg . He thanked us for all our cooperation but politely declined to give me any information on what authority he was relying on to conclude that there is a jurisdictional problem . However , it sounded to me like whatever authority he does have is shaky at best . He also sounded interested in the possibility of our making some sort of anonymous inquiry at FERC ( if such a thing is possible ) on the issue . Obviously they are very leery of making that phone call themselves and risking revealing their identity . He said he would discuss it with Ed Meaders . Also , he mentioned that after tomorrow he will be on vacation for a month , and another attorney will be taking over in his absence . That could be good , or it could be bad . Maybe Lorraine can sweet talk Meaders into at least citing us some cases from Hertzberg's memo . At the very least , I hope he will show it to the Kinder Morgan lawyers .
Janet , can you open the attachment ?
I just rely on the market services folks to do the right thing . Tell me if you think this is yet another area in which I have too much faith in our business people .
Lorraine , please forward the attached to Ed Meaders .
I'm confused -- are we asking for an extension of time to comply with the Commission's conditions , or an extension of time to file a motion for rehearing ?
Attached is my first try at our motion to extend time . Your written comments would be appreciated .
Christine , you need a comma between July and August . Otherwise this looks fine .
Please see the attached .
Hey K ! Thanks for the note . Everyone is asking how you're doing . Sorry to hear about your back; I know what it is like . As much as you are inclined to run around and get things done , the thing that worked best for me with my back problem was just to recline as much as possible ! My house truly became a mess , but guess what , the world did not end . I really like your monosyllabic choices for names: Kyle and Quinn . For some reason I really like the name Elizabeth with both of those . Perhaps because it balances out the unisex quality of the first name . I think you really have to meet the baby before you decide for sure . Who knows , she might turn out to be more of a Gladys ! heh , heh ! The landscapers are almost finished with my yard . It looks really good . I even have a little palm tree -- required for the Heights . The last thing is to finish the driveway -- right now there are 20 tons of black star gravel sitting in the back yard ! Time to work . Try to take it easy !
On January 13 , 2000 , FERC issued a Section 7(c ) certificate for Transwestern's Gallup Expansion . The Commission's order contained two conditions: 1 ) that Transwestern file its discounted rates within 15 days of the order , and 2 ) that Transwestern restructure its relationship with Enron Compression Services so that Transwestern will have sufficient operation control over the motor at the Gallup compressor station to assume regulatory responsibility for the motor's operation , and that Transwestern file a report with the Commission stating how it complied with this condition . Transwestern accepted the certificate January 14 , 2000 but reserved the right to seek rehearing or clarification of the order . On January 18 , 2000 , Transwestern filed a motion for extension of time to comply with the condition that Transwestern file its discounted rates . Transwestern has already filed with the Commission the discounted rates it will charge its expansion shippers , subject to a request for confidentiality . Transwestern intends to file a request for rehearing of the January 13 order explaining why the Commission erred in ordering Transwestern to publicly disclose its discounted rates in advance of the normal time for making such disclosure through a discount report .
Lorraine , see the attached . I added "Maximum" and "Minimum" to the chart but don't know whether I got it backwards...anyway , let's talk if you have any questions .
Hi Mum ! Well , I mustered the courage to start my bathroom painting project yesterday . I chose a medium blue that looks very nice . Guess who helped me ? Bill ! He got pretty enthusiastic with that roller . So we were able to knock it out in about 3 hours . There was a lot of woodwork to tape off . Tonight I will finish the tub area , which needed some repair/caulking/spackling . Now I am anxious to do the bedroom , but probably will not get to it until next month . Maybe you will be able to help me decide on a color when you are here this weekend . I'm torn between "Happy Yellow" and a lighter version of the blue I used in the bathroom . If I decide to paint any of the downstairs , I believe I will entrust that work to the professionals . Got 4 tickets to the dance performance . Since Bill seems to genuinely enjoy dance , I invited him . So that leaves us with one ticket . If you would like to invite someone , just let me know; otherwise maybe one of my friends around here will join us . Hope your weekend project was a success . Talk to you soon ! Love ,
The only problem I can see with this is that paragraph 4 could be construed to encourage NMNG to request amendment not only to increase the MAXDTQ but also to decrease it ( if the MAXDTQ has been increased by a previous amendment) . I worry that this might mislead NMNG that the parties can decrease the MAXDTQ by agreement rather than NMNG using capacity release procedures . However , the paragraph does not obligate TW to do anything & doesn't give NMNG any rights , since any change in the MAXDTQ must be by mutual agreement ( and it's subject to available capacity) . Since it does not seem to give either party anything they do not already get under the tariff , I think I would recommend we omit it . However , NMNG might insist on this or similar language to reflect the "deal" --- or at least the conversations of the parties . If that's the case , I suppose I would advise the marketing folks to limit the language of paragraph 4 to an increase in MAXDTQ and explain that any decrease would have to be thru capacity release . Comments ?
Brian and Glen , Based upon a review of the 1/21/00 draft of Motion for Extension of Procedural Schedule , Transwestern Pipeline Company does not wish to join as a party to the motion , and does not plan to oppose the motion . Sincerely , Susan Scott
The attached document shows my proposed changes to Universal's agreement in redlining . I tried not to over-lawyer or make this overly complicated , but in my view this needed a lot of basic cleanup . Many of my changes are simply to make the language more accurate ( for example , in the use of defined terms) . In a couple of places , I have questions: 1 ) In the second opening paragraph , I don't know whether it is possible to attach the Proposal as an exhibit; if not , ignore my change . 2 ) Section 4.a . -- their provision for an adjustment seemed a little unusual to me but it could work in favor of either party , so I left it in . If you don't like it , let me know . 3 ) In Section 5 , I just tried to simplify the billing procedure in case of termination . Let me know if this does not agree with your intent . Please call me with your comments , and let me know how you would like to proceed .
That is weird . I received your first message . Dave , Exhibit A of the O&M agreement is a description of the Compressor Motor Facilities . Do you have this ? Exhibit C is insurance coverages; I assume I need to get that from Nemec . Martha , please send me by interoffice mail copies of the executed documents Drew has; mine seem to have vaporized . Thank you !
Christine and I seem to have gotten Phillips interested in a right to terminate if TW's minimum tariff rate ever exceeds the contract rate . They said they would mull it over , at least . But what they really would prefer to have is a provision in which they would get the contract rate no matter what . Since this would make it a negotiated rate deal from day 1 , I feel like I need to get your buy-in before we agree to it . Steve has already told me it is OK with him . Please advise .
Here's the summary we sent you before , with new reference to Hector in redlining . Call Jeff ( 713-853-1521 ) or me ( 713-853-0596 ) if you have questions .
Mary Kay and Drew , please see Christine's message below . This language is very similar to language that NNG has used to address the change-in-rates issue . I do not believe it creates a negotiated rates issue . Please let me know as soon as possible if you have any concerns . It is important that we work something out with Phillips today . By the way , I asked Christine if she had asked Phillips to 1 ) give up their right of first refusal and 2 ) agree to our new capacity release language ( i.e . TW gets the upside if capacity is released at a higher rate ) in exchange for us making this compromise . She feels that it would be inappropriate to ask them because the language below does not quite give Phillips what they had requested originally ( that is , a negotiated rate) .
Dear Citizens' Assistance Division: I live in the Houston Heights on the 800 block of Cortlandt . For the 3 years I've lived there , the drainage ditch in front of my house , and several other houses on my street , have been blocked . Any time it rains , we have standing water for several days afterwards . I know that other streets in the Heights have the same problem . I have heard that because of the mild winter we're having , we can expect a bumper crop of mosquitos this summer . Standing water therefore poses a health concern for residents of the Heights this summer . Does the City have any current plans to fix the drainage problem in the Heights ? Last year I called and requested that the ditch in front of my house be cleared , but got no response . I hope that this was merely an oversight rather than an indication that the City of Houston has no regard for the health and comfort of its citizens . Any information you can provide would be appreciated . Sincerely , Susan Scott ( 713 ) 853-0596 ( daytime phone )
Dear Mr . Henderson: Attached pursuant to Dave Foti's request is the Substation Maintenance Agreement in Word format with Transwestern's proposed changes shown in redlining . After you've had a chance to review the agreement , please feel free to contact me with any questions or comments . Sincerely , Susan Scott Counsel for Transwestern Pipeline Company
Drew , what is BNSF ?
Spoke with Steve about the swap question . He wants to talk with you about this before circling back to Knippa . If you don't hear from him , and want to call him , his # is 281-350-8441 . Re . TW's exposure if we authorize ECS to lock in too early: If TW defaults under the CSA , it must hold ECS harmless with regard to expenses incurred by ECS in the assignment of the electric supply agreement and pay ECS whatever is owed under the agreement . No other specific damages are addressed , and the agreement specifically prohibits the recovery of consequential , incidental or indirect losses or damages . ( Section 9.2 provides for reimbursement for ECS's reasonable costs in providing Compression Services , but only in the event TW uses its FERC out. ) The Gas Conversion Agreement provides for termination of the agreement in the event of default by TW under the CSA , and obligates TW to reimburse ECS for ECS's costs and expenses incurred in unwinding the forward sale of natural gas volumes to be delivered to ECS under the agreement . Other questions -- let me know .
If there's still space available , please enroll me in the March 14-15 Derivatives I class . Here's my info: Susan Scott GPG Legal Supervisor: Drew Fossum SSN ********* Thanks .
Here's my request for rehearing so far . The marketing folks are helping me with our competitive harm argument and will , I hope , come up with something plausible . In the meantime , I would appreciate your comments .
Approved .
Lindy -- I'm working on a checklist . There were just a couple of issues arising from the discussions with market services , weren't there ? One having to do with whether we want to change our 68 A to reflect FTS-1 and FTS-3 in same bucket -- I'm leaning towards not changing since the language is already general enough to cover us there . The other issue had to do with issuing the OFO if EFBH does not show up in the last cycle . I do not believe any changes are necessary there either . The tariff language as it's currently written says we "shall" issue an OFO , and we would , but an OFO issued in the last cycle would simply be a formality and the EFBH shipper would have no choice but to pay the penalty . If you see any roadblocks on these 2 tariff sheets ( 27A and 68A) , or if there are any other issues we need to address , let me know . Also , if you want to sit down and go thru my checklist together sometime tomorrow , or even later this afternoon , I'm available . Thanks !
My several hours of on-line research on this last Sept . turned up nothing on point . The only case that even addressed the issue of confidentiality of contracts in a certificate context was one I'll excerpt here: Maritimes requested confidentiality for the precedent agreements it submitted . Commission staff denied the blanket request , but indicated that Maritimes could request that specific provisions be kept confidential . Maritimes subsequently requested that the contract terms and various cut-off dates [FN29] in the precedent agreements be kept confidential because such information was commercially sensitive . On the other hand , Maritimes requested that the terms and conditions of the backstop agreements be kept confidential , but was willing to make the contract terms of 10 and 20 years public . Generally , the Commission will deny blanket requests for confidentiality of agreements that are submitted to demonstrate market support for new facilities . [FN30] However , in the instance case , the contract terms of the backstop agreements are public and , thus , evidence of longterm subscriptions for Maritimes proposal are in the public record and support our finding that Maritimes has demonstrated a market for its proposed services . Therefore , we find no compelling reason to require the length of the terms of the other precedent agreements or the cut-off dates to be made public . FN29 Cut off dates refer to points in time when individual contracts could terminate contingent on the occurrence of certain events . In Amoco Production Company and Amoco Energy Trading Company V . Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America , 82 FERC P 61,037 ( 1998) , which involved a request for confidentiality of a gas sales agreement , the Commission explained why a gas sales agreement should be given confidential treatment but transportation contracts should not: the Commission has explicitly held that gas transportation rates stand on a different footing from gas sales rates because pipelines and their competitors are subject to similar disclosure requirements . In ANR Pipeline Co. , the Commission explained that unlike gas sales in a competitive market , transportation of natural gas is still regulated under the assumption that the pipeline exercises market power . Even where transportation competition exists , that competition is from other pipelines that are likely to be subject to similar filing and reporting requirements . There were several cases denying confidential treatment of rates in the context of Section 4 cases . Just to make sure I found everything , I'll do some follow up sometime in the next few days and let you know if I find anything .
Here is a draft of the compliance filing regarding our operational control agreement with ECS . Please let me know your comments by C.O.B . tomorrow . At this point I'm not planning to file the agreement , just a report as requested by the Commission . I'm still working with ECS to finalize the agreement . Their attorney is checking with his resident experts to make sure ECS , by expressly giving TW Operational Control , does not somehow cross the line into retail wheeling . I do not expect the agreement to change significantly .
Steve and Frank , I would be very interested in your comments on the attached .
Here's what I propose to send to the parties on the 14th . Take a look , and think about whether it would be wise to do more selling in the first paragraph . I propose that we get on the agenda for the March 1 meeting so that we have some time to approach individual parties first . With your permission , I will forward this to Mr . Dasovich also .
The reservation charge reduction applicable to TW's failure to deliver gas under certain circumstances does NOT apply to either force majeure events or periods of unscheduled maintenance less than 10 days in any calendar quarter . Unscheduled maintenance is defined as unanticipated or unplanned maintenance on the pipeline system required to be performed to ensure that gas continues to flow in months other than Dec. , Jan. , Feb. , July and Aug . Assuming we could even classify the proposed activity as "maintenance," I'm not sure we could get away with saying it was unanticipated or unplanned , as the Gallup expansion has been in the works for some time . I am also not completely comfortable calling this "force majeure" because part of the tariff definition is that the event was not within the control of either party; however , since the definition does include "binding order of any court or governmental authority," we could possibly say this is force majeure if we're reducing the pressure in order to comply with a DOT pipeline safety rule . ( In that event , our notice on the EBB would be a force majeure notice. ) If not , we can argue that since this is not "maintenance," but simply being done to construct the expansion in a safe and prudent manner , the shippers' rights are not triggered under the reservation charge reduction provisions . In that case , damages ( if any ) would have to be pursued under ordinary contract law . I realize that this is not a very satisfactory answer; however , the outage is going to be relatively short , and no shipper in recent memory has availed itself of the reservation charge reduction . I recommend we give shippers reasonable notice of the pressure reduction so that they can make alternate plans -- this will reduce the likelihood that they will feel revengeful . Please call ( x30596 ) or e-mail if you have further questions .
Parties represented at an informal meeting after the February 7 , 2000 prehearing conference discussed circulating redlined versions of the CAC settlement proposal as a point of departure for further settlement conferences . Transwestern Pipeline Company submits the following comments in lieu of a redlined document . Transwestern fully supports the CAC's proposal of a path-defined receipt point structure that would define primary and secondary rights at receipt points on the SoCalGas system . Not only does the proposal satisfy the Commission's requirement that Hector Road be established as a formal receipt point , it is also consistent with open and non-discriminatory access and use of the SoCalGas system , and will help provide a reasonable degree of certainty so that all market participants can more effectively plan gas transportation . CAC's proposed receipt point principles ensure that no upstream transportation provider will unduly be denied access to SoCal's system . Transwestern believes that the parties may still need to address certain details regarding implementation of the receipt point proposal that have not been fully described in the CAC document . To this end , Transwestern proposes that implementation of the receipt point proposal be included on the agenda for the upcoming all-party settlement discussions . Transwestern looks forward to a constructive discussion of the proposal and is confident that the parties will be able to agree on a plan for implementation . Susan Scott Senior Counsel Transwestern Pipeline Company
Jeff , this morning I spoke with Reliant's regulatory counsel , who called me after talking with Lee Hart , and who seemed eager to look into drafting a filing . I would be happy to talk with Leonard Foster or June Suwara at Sempra about doing the same , but somehow think Sempra might be a tougher customer ( don't know why I would think that...) . My suggestion is that we work through Ms . Katz initially . Anticipating that we might encounter some inertia at Sempra's regulatory dept . -- and to give you an outline to work from when talking to Stefanie -- I put together the attached rough draft of a motion to intervene and motion to expedite to be filed by Sempra . Feel free to send the attached to Stefanie . However , please do so with the caveat that you are sending it for discussion purposes only , not as legal advice to Sempra from ET&S's legal department , and the content of this pleading should ultimately be up to Sempra's legal/regulatory staff . Reliant's counsel said he'd be sending me a draft of his pleading...if I don't hear from him within a reasonable time I'll call to follow up .
Can we keep the upside -- I believe the answer is clearly "no" unless/until we get a favorable ruling on our share-the-upside filing . Til then we're bound by the billing provisions on Sheet 95H . Sometimes the answers clarify themselves after you leave the question sitting out there a while.. . As for the contract rights of replacement shippers , I would say the tariff language gives us some leeway on whether to automatically give replacement shipper the releasing shipper's discount at alt . points . If we don't , and the replacement shipper uses an alt . point and has to pay max rate , releasing shipper gets a refund under our billing provision . I know Lindy has some clear ideas on what we want here.. . we can discuss more if you like .
I've reviewed Order 637 on voluntary auctions and agree with you , Mary Kay , that the TW IOS procedure is consistent with the Commission's checklist . However , I do have a couple of questions/concerns . First , does "voluntary" mean filing a proposal with FERC is also voluntary ? Or is the Commission here requiring that pipelines make filings before they can proceed with auctions ? Also , I'm not sure we comply with the Commission's policy on establishment of a reserve price , since it's difficult to tell what that is from the order . A couple of times TW has stated a minimum bid in its IOS . Comments ?
I've gotten a bit more educated about IT revenue crediting since you asked your question yesterday . "IT revenue crediting" is an industry term used to describe a requirement ( brought about either by a FERC order or a rate case settlement ) that IT revenues in excess of a certain dollar amount will be credited back to all firm shippers in the next rate proceeding or thru some refund mechanism . Transwestern is currently not under any IT revenue crediting obligation , and I would be very hesitant to negotiate any such obligation with any individual shipper because then we would have to do the same for all firm shippers on a nondiscriminatory basis . If you need more info , let's talk .
In my never-ending quest to expand myself both culturally and socially I am proposing a fun-filled Friday night to those of you who I feel would appreciate it most , or at least have any interest what-so-ever . This Friday at 6:30 p.m . Pavel Kogan will be performing with the Houston Symphony at Jones Hall . All of the tickets for this show are being sold at a set price , which means that we can obtain center orchestra seats for only $25.00 a piece . My idea for the night is as follows , attend what I'm sure will be an outstanding performance , grab a late bite to eat at one of several excellent restaurants downtown ( Mia Bella and Osteria D'Aldo come to mind ) and polish off the evening by gracing one of the many hot-spots found downtown ( Jones Bar , Swank Lounge , Deans , Mercury Room , etc. ) with our presence . Bear in mind that my plan is completely open to suggestions from each and every one of you . While I realize such an early show may interfere with some people's plans ( workout routines , etc. ) I am sure things could be rearranged for one evening . Please email back and let me know if there is any interest in such an outing . "And in the end it's not the years in your life that count . It's the life in your years." - - Abraham Lincoln
Our contract with IGS provides that for any agreement identified by IGS and executed , TW will pay a one-time incentive fee of 3% of the first $15 million of net present value , 2% of the next $10 million of net present value , etc . The Southern contract associated with the Gallup Expansion is at a rate of $0.205 for 25,000 Dth/d for 5 years . Using a discount factor of 15% , the net present value of the contract is $6,270,625 , so IGS's commission would be $188,118.75 . Since the contract does not specify how NPV will be calculated ( I believe we purposely omitted this for whatever reason) , we will need to agree on a rate that is fair given the nature of and risk associated with the project . We should probably use whatever is standard in the industry for this type of project , if that's possible to determine . I have a call in to James Centilli for his recommendation in this regard , and will let you know what he says .
( I'll review this after my 9:00 meeting -- thought you might want a copy also. )
Lorraine , I've been studying the El Paso/Dynegy reservation reduction mechanism ( RRM) . Basically the deal was that Dynegy's minimum-pay obligation would be reduced by the amount of the fixed cost component of IT revenues generated by El Paso's transportation of IT volumes above a historical threshold . ( The parties based the threshold on El Paso's monthly IT volumes for the 12 months ended 9/30/97. ) The volumes in excess of the threshold were calculated and a ratio of the volumes in excess of the threshold to the total volumes was determined; the ratio would then be applied to the fixed cost component of all IT revenues and the resulting dollar value applied to Dynegy's monthly reservation charge , to the extent Dynegy had not met its minimum pay obligation for a particular month . This provision of course met with heavy opposition; however , FERC allowed it . FERC stated that while the RRM had anticompetitive effects because it created a disincentive for El Paso to discount IT , it was not unduly discriminatory . The "unduly discriminatory" conclusion was based on an analysis on the potential effect on the Cal . gas transportation market -- the Commission found that due to relatively weak market demand , neither Dynegy nor El Paso appeared to have been able to influence prices because so much firm capacity was available . I assume Russ may be after something similar to the RRM . We would have to file it as a negotiated rate but I feel fairly confident that we could get FERC to accept it . That's my 2 cents worth on this particular issue...I'll come down around 3:30 to chat with you more about the Duke ( I have a conference call with MKM from 1:30 to 3:30 , which is why I'm camped out on 47) .
After reading that did you all of the sudden feel as though your body no longer contained any organs and instead there was just a giant pit where they all used to be ? I never in my life imagined the intense impact an email could have . They appear so harmless at first glance with no character or personality to the font or page , but upon closer inspection they have the ability to send you soaring or plummet you to the darkest depths . I really don't know what to say about the email . If I didn't know what happened afterward I would have said it was very promising , but knowing what I know I must resort to my new tag line that guys in general are just confused . I must say though that his quote was outstanding and if Ben and I had any semblance of normal communication between the two of us I would send it to him in a heartbeat . But we don't so I'll just have to enjoy it solo . I fear today will be a very boring day so feel free to keep up an email dialogue throughout the day .
Recently we approved a "based on utilization" rate in another contract -- the rationale was that our minimum reservation charge is zero -- so on those days they don't use the point , the amount allocated to reservation component ( using our discretion to allocate between reservation and commodity ) is $0 and it's still within our minimum so it is not a negotiated rate . Does that make sense to you ?
I'm a little uncomfortable with saying "TW defers to the consensus position of the non-SoCal settlement parties" so often . Could we just not say anything on those items ? Or say TW has no comment at this time . Would the other parties be put off if we were silent on these issues ?
Pursuant to your request , attached is a very plain-vanilla motion to intervene out of time and motion to expedite that you can provide to your non-Gallup customers if you like . If you do so , please inform them that we are not providing this as legal advice but merely as an example , and whether they choose to file in this proceeding and the content of what they file is up to their own respective legal and regulatory departments .
As you know , current firm contracts on Transwestern provide for delivery of 250 MMcf/d of gas to Topock . In the context of the Gallup Expansion , Transwestern has entered into firm contracts for an additional 40 MMcf/d to Topock . Once the Gallup expansion is built , Transwestern will have a total of 290 MMcf/d of firm capacity under contract to the Topock delivery point: 40 MMcf/d more than PG&E has agreed to accept while PCBs continue to be present . Bill Cordes has asked what Transwestern's potential liability to shippers would be if PG&E's refusal to accept deliveries due to the continued presence of contaminants causes Transwestern to have to curtail firm service at PG&E/Topock . The legal answer is that Transwestern's tariff provides for a reservation charge refund but does not limit the damages that could be sought by a shipper . More specifically , Rate Schedule FTS-1 specifically provides for a reservation charge refund if Transwestern fails to deliver gas for a firm shipper . In December , January , February , July and August , the shipper is entitled to a reservation charge refund for all nominated and confirmed quantities not delivered . In all other months , the shipper is entitled to a refund only if deliveries fall below 75% of nominated/confirmed quantities for a period of 75 consecutive days . The tariff does not preclude a shipper from seeking other damages resulting from Transwestern's failure to provide service under an FTS-1 contract . A shipper whose firm service is curtailed would likely incur damages in addition to the reservation charge , including , for example , the cost of buying spot gas or damages resulting from the shipper's inability to fulfill contractual obligations . Such damages could be recovered in a breach of contract action . Not all shippers would incur such damages because some might be willing to take delivery of gas at alternate points if capacity is available at such points . Bill has asked Steve to work with me in quantifying our potential exposure . I could really use your help in putting a dollar amount on potential damages . Can we meet briefly to discuss this ? I'm available after the Gallup meeting tomorrow a.m. , or after lunch on Friday...or we can discuss a meeting time for next week . Thank you .
Christine -- Here's a brief answer to your questions . With regard to segmentation , Order 637 is completely silent with regard to rates to be charged for segmented capacity , so we would have considerable leeway here . The order is also silent with respect to the effective restriction of segmented capacity by making discounts inapplicable to certain alternate ( or primary ) points . Hopefully TW will be able to avoid the segmentation issue altogether by invoking the Global Settlement , as we plan to do in our rehearing request and compliance filing . ( Our Global Settlement argument is that we should be able to rely on tariff provisions , including our current restriction on changing primary points , that were implemented to mitigate the effects of turnback on TW) . On hourly service , I believe that we could put an hourly service into place on TW without running afoul of the Peak and Off-Peak Rates ( i.e. , seasonal rates ) provisions of the order . In other words , I think the Commission would see them as two separate kinds of service . As for how to communicate with our customers , I believe Regulatory has offered to have a meeting with TW customers in early April to make a presentation on Order 637 and provide a forum for discussion . I realize the order becomes effective March 27; however , compliance filings are not due until May 1 , and some requirements do not even become effective until September 1 . Before the beginning of April , the GPG pipelines will simply not have their positions fully formed enough to make a very well-organized presentation to persons outside the company . The meeting is still in the planning stages and I will fill you in on details as they are available . In the meantime , if your customers have questions , I'll be happy to help answer them .
See my changes on the attached .
Donna Fulton is planning on attending the technical conference in the Amoco/Burlington complaint proceeding on El Paso's allocation procedures . She has asked that we let her know , if possible , what particular issues we are interested in , as this will help her prepare for the conference . Please let me know if you have any comments in this regard . One caveat: the technical conference is for "interested parties" only , and since TW is not an intervenor Donna is subject to being kicked out of the conf . if El Paso does not want TW represented there . ENA will probably be sending a representative so at the very least we can probably get some intelligence from them .
Thanks , Maria , this is very helpful . I'm planning on drafting something this week for everyone's review . Don't know if any other pipelines have tried to do anything similar but I'll find out .
Here is some preliminary research on the Commercial Group's question of whether we can have a tariff provision in which shippers pay cash for fuel rather than providing fuel in kind . If you want the attachments ( examples of other pipelines' tariff provisions ) I will send you a hard copy . Comments ? Are there any rate case implications I should be aware of ?
Hi Lindy . Sorry I've not yet set up the meeting on imbalances...I feel I am still lacking focus so thought I'd run this by you for your comments before inviting people . First of all , I believe the general topics we wanted to address were: - imbalance netting & trading - mandatory use of Park N Ride service for out of balance operators - hourly determination of imbalances Is this correct ? Next , the list of attendees: you , me , Darrell , Richard Hanagriff , Sheila Nacey ( or someone else she designates) . Anyone else ? As far as timing , I am very flexible , so let me know what works for you , and I'll get it set up .
With regard to the Commission's limitations on the right of first refusal , Order 637 provides for grandfathering of discounted long-term contracts that are now subject to ROFR . The Commission's rationale was that grandfathering gives all shippers notice of the new limitation and the opportunity to re-execute current contracts . The TW Commercial Group has asked whether we should challenge the grandfathering of existing contracts . In limiting the right of first refusal , the Commission has expressly acknowledged that if a customer is truly captive and has no alternatives for service , it is likely that its contract will be at the maximum rate . Shippers that are not captive and have alternatives in the marketplace do not need the protection of ROFR , and the pipeline should be able to negotiate with other interested shippers upon expiration of the contract . In light of these conclusions , there should be no reason to grandfather the ROFR rights of shippers under existing discounted contracts . Such shippers would not be harmed by removal of the right immediately upon the effective date of a pipeline's tariff filing to limit the right of first refusal ( assuming the service contract incorporates tariff terms on an "as amended" basis) . Consistent with the Commission's order , it would not be unfair to make these shippers compete with others for the capacity upon expiration of the contract .
Lorraine: here's what we would have to show FERC , along with some of my comments . Let me know if you have additional ideas , and I'll turn it into a draft to send around to the usual suspects . 1 . Rate impact on TW customers; method by which TW would collect the costs of the acquired capacity . - I assume TW would be at risk for any undercollection of revenue associated with the PNM capacity; thus there is no cost-shift potential to other shippers . - Net costs will be separately recorded . 2 . Would acquisition of PNM capacity enable TW to gain control over access to upstream capacity and supply sources in a manner which would permit TW to limit customer choices or improperly tie use of the acquired capacity to other pipeline services ? ( I think Mary Kay will be able to help us explain the "no tying" part) . 3 . Would TW's marketing affiliates receive preferential treatment ? - No TW marketing affiliate will be involved in the proposed transaction - Acquisition of PNM capacity will not result in any undue preference or advantage to any affiliated entity . 4 . Will TW as a holder of capacity receive preferential treatment over PNM's customers , to the detriment of PNM's customers ? - No . PNM will be making the capacity available to TW only during periods in which it has unused capacity available on its system , so any impact on PNM shippers should be minimal . - Service contract under PNM's tariff does not provide for unduly preferential treatment of TW . 5 . How will capacity be managed or otherwise integrated into TW's existing open access operations ? - TW will enter into service agreements with PNM from time to time to transport gas on the portion of PNM's line from Blanco , NM ( i.e. , the Blanco Hub operated by TW ) to Rio Puerco , NM , where PNM's system interconnects with TW's mainline . Resulting available capacity will be posted according to TW's tariff . - The capacity will be used to serve customers under TW's FTS-1 , LFT and ITS ( right? ) rate schedules from the Blanco receipt point to delivery points on TW's system . - Lorraine -- we need to discuss our arrangement with PNM -- Would we be able to acquire on an as-needed basis ? Would it be an ordinary service agreement as provided in their tariff ? Which would come first , our deal with PNM or with our shipper ? It might be good to come up with some examples of likely scenarios . 6 . Would acquisition of PNM capacity prevent unnecessary construction of new facilities ? - Yes . Demand currently exceeds available capacity on the San Juan Lateral . Transwestern was unable to construct San Juan Phase II because of prohibitively high costs of obtaining an easement on Navajo land . Using the PNM Blanco to Rio Puerco line is one of the few remaining alternatives available to TW to expand this portion of its system . It would enable TW to transport an additional ______ of gas for shippers from the San Juan Basin to delivery points on the mainline of TW's system without the need for expanding the San Juan lateral . The acquired capacity would benefit customers by effectively providing incremental capacity on a constrained portion of TW's system , at minimal cost to TW and no environmental disturbance . Would enable both TW and PNM to use their systems more efficiently .
Something to keep in mind: Since FERC has implied that it considers shipper support in determining whether to allow pipelines to hold capacity on other pipelines , the more shippers we can get to intervene in our filing , the better .
Here are my comments , spice girl .
The Commercial Group has asked whether they can sell daily firm for longer than a 3-month period . This phrasing is of course misleading; TW's daily firm contracts are always for a term of just one day , but renew for consecutive one-day terms unless terminated . The discount letter , on the other hand , grants a discounted rate for each of the one-day terms for a certain period of time ( typically one month) . Steve Harris wants to be able to "sell daily firm for a one-year period." In contractual terms all this would mean is that the contract is for renewabable one-day terms ( as usual) , and the discount applicable to such terms would be effective for one year . I see no problem with this , do you ? ( Apparently the current perception in marketing is that regulatory/legal was limiting daily firm to a 3-month period. )
Part I: Dress Code for Female FERC Lawyers at FERC Proceedings* Skirts must be mid-calf length and of a synthetic fabric . All clothing worn in FERC hearing rooms must be properly aged ( 12 years or more) . No solid-colored garments are permitted . Exceptions: mauve , pink , peach , teal , harvest gold . Hair must be fuzzy , multi-colored and must partially conceal the face . Suntan hose must be worn at all times . Open-toed shoes ( preferably in a lighter color than the hem of the skirt ) are preferred . Those with a flair for fashion are permitted to wear inexpensive animal print garments , metallic accessories or clothing with fake fur trim , so as to attract attention to one's originality . *also applicable to female practitioners at the Texas Railroad Commission and Public Utilities Commission .
Sorry Toby , but honestly this is the first time I've seen such a request . A lot of things get sent to Susan Scott of ECT by mistake; maybe that is what happened ? I would never ignore you on purpose . I'll call Ms . Lee and give her the correct info .
See especially pages 5 & 6 of the attached doc. , which include the argument that existing ROFR should not be grandfathered . Please send any comments you have to me . Thanks! !
Hi ! Thanks for the update , it is good to hear from you . Sorry Grayson is being a crybaby . It is tough being a baby , I think . How did the doctor's app't go ? Bet you are ready for the weekend so Jim'll be around all day . Every working mom I know could not wait to get back to the office after maternity leave . I think the daycare arrangement is generally best for everyone . Baby gets a head start on her social life , and the parents can't wait to see the kid at the end of the work day ! Most everyone I know is raising their kids that way , and they seem to be turning out fine . Even the handful of stay-at-home moms I've met leave their kids with someone several days a week , for sanity's sake . Had lunch with Mema on Wednesday at Treebeards . I get the impression that she's gotten the message that you and Jim don't exactly want her dropping in for spontaneous visits , so that's good . I always enjoy meeting her for lunch--for some reason she's always on best behavior , and we always run into my coworkers and friends who just think she's the greatest . Thank God she can never remember their names , or she might start calling them for lunch . Bill and I saw a play at Diverse Works last night called "Fucking A." It was a take-off on The Scarlet Letter . I thought it would be funnier but it was actually pretty dark . The bearer of the letter A was an abortionist in a strange land working to pay her son's way out of jail . Despite the subject matter it was one of the best plays I've seen in a very long time . Diverse Works is an art space in the warehouse district directly north of downtown . ( Nancy Littlejohn ( Worthington ) has her art gallery nearby. ) They mostly sponsor dance , dramatic and performance art productions . A lot of it is really over the top , but I've seen some cool things there . One of my friends at work is trying to get me to serve on the board of directors , so I've been hanging out there to see whether I like the people . Work is driving me nuts , but that's what they pay me for , I guess . Time to read more FERC cases . I don't wanna FERC , I just want to bang on the drum all day . Hang in there , and please send more news of little bug ! Love , Susan
Thanks Dennis . Do you have the form of discount letter too ? If so , please send it .
The term of the FTS-1 agreement is for one day , and automatically renews from day to day . The discount letter provides that the discount applies to the one-day term and each consecutive one-day term ( if any) . The term of the discount letter is typically one month or 3 months . The discount letter does not obligate TW to provide service for more than one day , but as long as the term of the service agreement renews , the same discount would apply . My point is that if we are already contracting for daily firm this way , it should not matter whether the discount is effective for one month or for 12 months . If there is a problem with the current arrangement , we should discuss it . Nothing about the way we do these deals has changed since we discussed it last December .
Part II: FERC Writing Handbook 1 . "WHEREFORE , PREMISES CONSIDERED" adds a note of authority to your pleadings . In fact , some administrative law judges will throw your pleading into the special incinerator marked "Nonconforming Pleadings" ( located on the west side of the FERC building ) unless such language is present . 2 . Pronouns should be used sparingly , if at all . With few exceptions , parties must always be named to avoid confusion , even if it means the name of the party will appear several times in one sentence . 3 . The verb "request" may not be used without the word "to." Example: "Pipeline X respectfully requests the Commission to grant its motion." 4 . "In regards to" or "vis-a-via" sound more intelligent than "about" or "concerning." 5 . If you are not sure you've conveyed an important point effectively , repeat the statement verbatim at various other points in your pleading for emphasis . Additionally , repeating a contractual provision several times in a contract will give your client greater rights than if you only include the provision once . 6 . Always recite the entire history of the proceeding in your pleading before stating the purpose of your pleading . No FERC staffer ever remembers what happens , and the added pages will make your pleading really impressive . 7 . When in doubt , insert more commas .
I'm forwarding the attached as an update . Am presently researching the issue raised by Drew , and will let you know what I find .
Mythology "The Ten Commandments of a Military Wife" 1.Thou shalt not write in ink in thy address book . 2.Thou shalt not covet choice assignments of other uniformed braches of service . 3.Love thy neighbor . 4 . Honor thy Commissary and Exchange as long as they both shall live . 5.Thou shalt not ridicule a local politician , for mighty senators from local politicians grow . 6.Thou shall look for the best in every assignment , even though the best may be . "The most childhood diseases in one year," or "Record snow in one months time." 7 . Thou shall remember all thy friends from all thy assignments , with greeting cards at Christmas , for thou never knowest when thou may wish to spendeth a night with them while enroute to a new post/base . 8.Be kind and gentle to retired , white-haired Exchange and Commissary customers , because thou too will be a retiree someday . 9.Thou shalt not curse thy husband when he's on TDY on moving day . 10.Thou must never arrive at a new post/base and constantly brag about how everything was much better at the last post/base . Author Unknown Shit: Through the eyes of the Military *An Army grunt stands in the rain with a 35 pound pack on his back , 15 lb . weapon in hand , after having marched 12 miles , and says , "This is shit!" *An Army Airborne Ranger stands in the rain with a 45 lb . pack on his back , weapon in hand , after having jumped from an airplane and marched 18 miles , and says with a smile , "This is good shit!" *A Navy SEAL lies in the mud , 55 LB pack on his back , weapon in hand , after swimming 10 miles to shore , crawling through a swamp and marching 25 miles at night past the enemy positions , says with a grin , "This really is great shit." *A Marine , up to his nose in the stinking , bug-infested mud of a swamp with a 65 LB pack on his back and a weapon in both hands after jumping from an aircraft at high altitude , into the ocean , swimming 12 miles to the shore , killing several alligators to enter the swamp , then crawling 30 miles through the brush to assault an enemy camp , says , "I love this shit." *The Air Force NCO sits in an easy chair in an air conditioned , carpeted office and says , "My e-mail's out ? What kind of shit is this?" Mythology The 5 Scariest Things in the Army ! 1 . A Private saying , "I learned this in basic training..." 2 . A Sergeant saying , "Trust me , sir..." 3 . A Second Lieutenant saying , "Based on my experience..." 4 . A Captain saying , "I was just thinking..." 5 . And a Warrant Officer chuckling , "Watch this
Jeff , here are Colleen's comments . At your convenience , let's meet to discuss .
Attached for your information is a summary of other parties' requests for rehearing of Order 637 . I will be happy to answer any questions you might have .
Aurora , my changes appear on the attached . I assume you or AA have updated the numbers for eligible transition costs ( second paragraph of section 7) . ( If you have not , I'm really not sure who would have those numbers ) I updated the numbers for environmental costs in the footnotes . Please call ( x30596 ) if you have any questions .
The Commercial Group asked several weeks ago whether they can enter into discount letters applicable to daily firm for as long as one year . The standard wording of the discount letter applicable to daily firm is such that the discount is effective for as many one-day terms as the FTS-1 agreement renews , but not beyond a specified date . Typically TW enters into these discount letters for a term of one month . The marketers say that they were once told that they could not make such a discount applicable for longer than a 3-month term . I see no basis for this limitation . The term of the FTS-1 agreement is one day , renewable from day to day . The discount is only applicable for so long as the FTS-1 agreement renews . If the FTS-1 agreement does not renew , the discount is no longer applicable . The basis for the shipper's transportation rights is the FTS-1 agreement . We are not guaranteeing a shipper "daily" firm for longer than a one-day term . The discount letter merely states that , for so long as the FTS-1 agreement renews , a particular discount applies , up to a certain cutoff date . Does this make sense ? I realize you are swamped , but I need to get Steve an answer so that the marketers know what is acceptable . Drew and I have discussed this and he is on board . Thanks .
Jeff , here it is . Take a look and if you have any questions , I'll be prepared to address them promptly so you can send this off .
Also , I would add that another reason we didn't submit the O&M agreement is that we considered it to be confidential .
Joel , you can remove my name from the distribution list as I am no longer working in the controls group . I have moved over to gas trading and am supporting one of the traders . It's been great working with you and I'll be sure to say hi when I visit London this fall . Cheers .
Jason , you can go ahead and remove my name from the email distribution list as I am no longer working in the controls group . I've enjoyed working with you and will definitely pay you all a visit when I travel to London this fall . Cheers .
Hugo , you can go ahead and remove me from the distribution list as I have moved out of the controls group . Good luck with everything , it has been great working with you .
Main Entry: al?tru?ism Pronunciation: 'al-tru-"i-z&m Etymology: French altruisme , from autrui other people , from Old French , oblique case form of autre other , from Latin alter Date: 1853 1 : unselfish regard for or devotion to the welfare of others We got to talking about you at lunch today . Rudy mentioned that in effort to get your goat he often tells you your not being very altruistic towards him by consuming so much of his time requesting reports . My understanding is that your typical response to this is "I am the most altruistic person." I am sure you recognize the hypocrisy laden in this statement . If a true altruist is unselfish then he would not care if his acts are recognized or not . In fact , the true altruist hopes only that his acts benefit those to which they are directed . We may have to downgrade you to "concerned individual" . But given your good-hearted and idealistic leanings I thought you would might like to know that the Landmark River Oaks Theatre is going to be showing Mr . Smith Goes to Washington Saturday and Sunday at 10:00 a.m . If you haven't seen the film it's a black and white starring Jimmy Stewart as an idealistic , extremely unselfish young man who takes on the corrupt political machines of Washington , D.C . The film ranked 29th on AFI's ( The American Film Institute ) top 100 films of the Century list , and is tied for first place on the Sscott5 Greatest Films List. . FYI- Neither you nor Nick have been removed from the group email , I simply haven't sent one out in the past two weeks . I will make sure you both receive my next brilliant composition . I must say I was tempted to remove you given your complaints about receiving all of the follow-up commentary and a lack of appearances .
Do you honestly think Tobin can be a substitute for you ?
Supposedly my phone is going to be switched over the weekend so I should be back in the world of reachable individuals next week . I'm glad you appreciated my observation rather than taking offence . I was afraid after two weeks of silence I may have pissed you off somehow , in which case that last email would have probably been the final nail in the coffin . As far as the new job goes it is looking very promising . Turns out my trader went to college with my brother-in-law , sister , and brother so we have too many mutual connections for him to be mean or rude to me . Even without the connections he seems like a pretty cool guy and is very supportive of my learning all I can about his book . Hopefully , after I get the daily routine down he'll let me sit with him during the down times and watch him work . You should definitely try and see the film Saturday and even if you can't pull yourself out of bed you should rent it , I really think you would enjoy/be inspired by it ( at least I am every time I watch it) . I hope things are well with you although I am sensing some disenchantment . If that is the case I can give you a few tips on how to overcome and once again appreciate your current position in life . Believe me over the last two months I have had ample opportunity to do just that . Just let me know if I can return the favour you once did for me . Have fun at y'alls Happy Hour tonight . P.S . How was Canada ? I heard through the grapevine you went the other weekend .
No wanting to incur the wrath of Jen for failing to keep you informed . Monte Montgomery will be playing at The Fabulous Satellite Lounge May 6 . Hopefully , we can make this one .
Jen , you have no idea how appropriate that email was for me this morning . I spent much of this weekend thinking the exact same thing . I'm pretty sure the Monte concert is on a Saturday night , but I'll have to double check on that . I got to see Mr . Smith Goes to Washington this weekend on the big screen at the old River Oaks Theater , it was wonderful . And , Emily , Katy and myself went to Tin Hall Saturday night to see Earl Thomas Connally . We met the three cutest , nicest real cowboys there . It renewed my faith in the opposite sex .
Okay , that was really good .
. ..because I'm good enough , I'm smart enough and dog-gonnit people like me .
Dart , you can take me off the email distribution list now that I've left the risk controls group . Thanks .
The views expressed below are not those of Enron Corp . or any of it's subsidiaries .
It was not meant as an implication , but rather a reiteration of mind-sets expressed to me on multiple occasions . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
It is impossible to imply something when it has already been voiced so openly and enthusiastically . ( Tobin , you should watch how quickly you respond. )
Yes , it was .
Remember those previous discussions about relaxation ? You know me well enough to know that I am not easily offended , and in fact have thoroughly enjoyed the preceding banter . Still , I do appreciate your remembering that I am a lady . ( I have a bad habit of forgetting. )
You can take me off of the email distribution for FX exposures also . Thanks .
Our answer is simple: It is not our policy to release such information unless we are required to do so by law , regulation or order .
Oh wait , I can't go to the ball game because I couldn't take a day off from work to stand in the Enron lobby ( or send my secretary to do it for me) . For all of you who have managed to snag tickets for tonight's game congratulations and you suck . For the rest of us stuck out in the cold I suggest the only viable alternative before us is to drown our sorrows in a cold bottle of beer ( or two , or three...) . I realize the mass email has been MIA the last two weeks . For some this may have been a welcomed relief . For others there may have been some concern that they had been cut-off from the distribution . At present no one has been removed from the distribution , but it is undergoing an audit . Should it be determined that it is necessary to remove an individual from the list for any reason that individual will be notified and given an explanation . If anyone would like to know the causes for expulsion you can write to: I CAN'T BELIEVE ANYONE CARES IF THERE ON THIS DISTRIBUTION OR NOT BECAUSE THE ONLY PLACE WE SEEM TO GO IS WOODY'S EVERY THURSDAY BETWEEN 9:30 AND 10:00 . On that note , see you guys at Woody's tonight around 9:30 or 10:00 .
Aren't we a poor sport .
Sorry I've been MIA this week...new job and all . Thought you might get a kick out of this email . It's from that guy that is 25 but looks about 40 . And yet he resurfaces again ( read the email at the bottom first then his) . Yes I will be attending the Taster's dinner this evening . Look forward to seeing you there .
You're off .
You try and do something nice , keep people informed and involved and it just gets thrown back in your face . That's okay though because , "I'm good enough , I'm smart enough and dog-gonnit people like me."
You must have too much time on your hands . The situation has been corrected .
Hey , just wondering how your weekend of golf went . Wouldn't want to be accused of cutting off contact again . P.S . -- I got a very interesting response from Plauche following the mass email...he is definitely a different chap .
The scary thing is I don't think he was kidding .
Here is a list of all the agreements related to the Gallup Compressor: 1 . Compression Services Agreement ( 10/18/99 ) 3 . Gas Conversion Agreement ( 10/18/99 ) 4 . Operational Control Agreement ( 2/11/00 ) ( contains no provisions related to payment ) 5 . Letter amendment to Gas Conversion Agreement ( 2/23/00 ) ( regarding Lock Price ) 6 . Amendment to Gas Conversion Agreement ( 3/24/00 ) ( regarding Start Date and calculation of Estimated CSC Fuel Payment ) If you do not have all of these agreements in your file , or if you know of anyone else who needs a full set of these documents , please let me know and I will send copies immediately . Also , two letters have been sent pursuant to the terms of the agreements: 1 . Notification by TW to ECS that ECS should pursue an alternative electric supply arrangement ( 2/29/00 ) 2 . Approval by TW of interim rate schedule ( 3/15/00 ) ( w/copy of rate schedule attached ) If you need copies of these letters , let me know and I'll send them to you also .
You crack me up . I was going to email you today and tell you about the Bruce Cockburn concert . I am definitely interested . Don't know what I'm doing this weekend , nothing scheduled as of yet so let's try and do something . Yes , I am interested in chipping in on a gift , just let me know what and how much . I've heard that I-10 Chronicles CD is really good , I'll have to check it out . Also , do you have Ray Wylie Hubbard's Crusades of the Restless Knights ? Every cut I hear from it on KPFT is so good . Sorry so short with the email . Even though they may be short I should be able to email throughout the day .
Hi Mum ! No , tickets were hard to come by . Tried to get some they released a couple of weeks ago , but didn't realize everyone would send their secretaries and interns downstairs to hold places in line ! I'm sure the VPs will get tired of going to the games , and start giving tickets away . Tonight is the big CAM gala . Bill was in trial all week and had no time to go shopping , or even to get measured for an ordinary tux rental , so he borrowed one from Andre ( who owns 4) . Andre is a couple of inches shorter than Bill . Depending on the overall look , I may or may not acknowledge that Bill is my date . My 60's dress I got at Wear It Again Sam looks fabulous . It is a sleeveless gown with an empire waist; the top is maroon velvet and the rest is very heavy pink satin . Since it wraps in the back I was able to move the hooks over to get it to fit . Dress was $38 but it cost $35 to get it hemmed ! Ann and I were considering asking Mema to do our hair , but I'm really going to be pressed for time this afternoon . Too bad the party is not on a Saturday . Our plans for the rest of this weekend are still up in the air . What are you doing the weekend of the 16th ? Bill has signed up for the MS150 again that weekend . If you are free that weekend why don't I plan to come either Fri . or Sat . a.m . Let me know . Our law conference begins Thurs . a.m . in San Antonio . Dot ( Staci's boss ) is having a party at her house on Lake McQueeney on Wednesday , so I'm driving Frazier and Tony in the Dentmobile that morning . We really do have a fun group; it should be a good time . If K&J want company I'll drive over to see them on Thurs . night instead of going to the awards dinner , which was a big drag last year . I'll call them this weekend and see what Jim's travel plans are . Today we'll find out about settlement in the California proceeding...this will decide whether I will be tied up in hearings for most of May . Keep your fingers crossed ! Love ,
The two new pub codes that need to be addded to TAGG are: Thanks .
See the attached . Enron Corp . has already authorized Brian Cherry to add Enron to the list of parties at the end of the document . I recommend TW do the same . I propose that we ask Brian to add TW to the list , with a footnote that we support the transmission proposal only and do not oppose the other parts of the term sheet . ( I propose this out of an abundance of caution because in one part of the document Brian states the parties have agreed on comprehensive settlement , but later in the document he states that the parties aren't fully committed yet. ) If he will not agree to do this , then I would suggest we leave TW off the list and file a letter with the CPUC along the lines of what I circulated yesterday , with additional language supporting the motion for extension of time . Let me know what you think .
The Pub code has been changed to IF-ELPO/SJ . Sorry for the mix-up .
Brian: Transwestern Pipeline Company asks that it be included on list of parties to the Motion for Modification of the Procedural Schedule , with the following footnote: Transwestern supports the portions of the settlement proposal pertaining to transmission rights , and the designation of primary and secondary rights described on Appendix A . Transwestern does not oppose the other parts of the settlement . Susan Scott Transwestern Pipeline Company
Now that two settlement proposals and a motion to extend time have been filed , there is no telling what the CPUC will do . My recommendation is that we play it safe and assume we will need to file testimony on April 17 . To that end , it's time to review some basics . In its July 8 , 1999 decision , the Commission stated: "We see reason to pursue a change in protocol for receiving gas at Hector Road , even in the short term . If there are burdens that would unfairly fall upon Transwestern customers is a window was established at Hector Road , we want to hear about it in the next phase of the proceeding . In addition , we seek specific proposals as to how such an arrangement should be defined." Accordingly , the testimony we file should explain: 1 . The unfair harm that could potentially befall TW customers if Hector Road were established as a formal receipt point 2 . Our proposal for making Hector a formal receipt point by establishing primary and secondary receipt points 3 . Why our proposal is fair and consistent with Commission policy ( here we might want to draw analogies to the interstate system and explain why that works ) I will also have an opportunity to make legal and policy arguments in a brief after testimony has been filed . Let's discuss how best to go about drafting the testimony . I think the best thing to do would be to outline the testimony , then decide who is going to say what . I'm available after about 2:00 today .
Not at all ! Fawcett's the antsy one; he is anxious to use his new honorary law degree ( ahem!) . I agree it would be risky to indicate our wholehearted support of a settlement when the agreement has yet to be written . It would be like giving SoCal a signed blank check ( that's carte blancheto us lawyers) , and we don't trust them that much . Once we've signed a real agreement , I do want to file something in support . I'm just trying to plan ahead , is all .
Aurora , I do not think we have estimated the costs for 2000 because what we will have to do as far as containment of PCBs this year is the subject of some dispute . I will get you a breakdown of 1999 costs as soon as possible .
Do we have an estimate of PCB decontamination costs for 2000 ? AA is asking.. .
Here is the breakdown of 1999 PCB decontamination costs for TW: Remove PG&E filter separator $ 10,000 If you need the costs broken down in more detail , or need more information , please give me a call at x30596 .
"In an age when cloying , dumbed-down Internet "chat" threatens to reduce discourse to the linguistic equivalent of casual Fridays , men's-room vernacular is seeping alarmingly past its Pine Sol perimeter , infecting what is left of conversational civility . Well-articulated sublimation--which has produced some damned fine ( and sexy ) art , music , and literature over the millennia--is no longer the default mode of expression . That ageless Hot Boy , Michelangelo's David , could only have been produced through deft restraint . But try telling that to some WWF instant Adonis with a protein-supplement habit." --Gerri Hirshey
Are you experiencing some sort of split personality today ? Should I start referring to you as Ben or MaximMan depending on your responses ?
I am somewhat frightened that you would allow yourself to be referred to as MaximMan . While I realize you are a fan of the magazine , professing so too loudly may hinder your efforts with the ladies ( some of us do have a shread of dignity , which that periodical in particular attempts to tear away) . My advice is keep it in the closet or bathroom or where ever it comes in most "handy" .
It occurred to me last night after you two had left that we never quantified what constitutes a "good" girl . And , given that oversight I may have been remiss in stating that Wilson was not ready for said good girl . Just as the opinion of women in Texas differed between you Yanks and the Texas boys at the table , I am inclined to believe that our definitions of a "good" girl may not be in line . P.S . -- A person in their nineties is referred to as a nonagenarian . ( We really should have figured that one out last night. )
Wilson , I treasure your NY attitude . I think part of the reason you find so few hotties in Houston/Texas is that travel and exposure add such an intangible element to a person and very few Texas girls have experienced either . I think everyone has a different definition of good , some more lenient some more stringent . At least that has been my experience .
The Word of the Day for April 6 is: 1 a : the food of the Greek and Roman gods b : the ointme or perfume of the gods *2 : something extremely pleasing to taste or smell 3 : a dessert made of oranges and shredded coconut Example sentence: "We feasted that evening as on nectar and ambrosia; and n the least delight of the entertainment was the smile of gratification with which our hostess regarded us , as wesatisfied our famished appetites on the delicate fare she liberally supplied." ( Charlotte Bronte , Jane Eyre ) Did you know ? "Ambrosia" literally means "immortality" in Greek; it is a derivative of the Greek word "ambrotos," meaning "immorta which combines the prefix "a-" ( meaning "not" ) with ( meaning "mortal") . In Greek and Roman mythology , only immortals -- gods and goddesses -- could eat ambrosia . Th mythological gods and goddesses also drank "nectar," whicin its original sense , refers to the "drink of the gods." ( Even today , you'll often find the words "ambrosia" and "nectar" in ea other's company. ) While the "ambrosia" of the gods prevented death , we mere mortals use "ambrosia" in reference to thi that just taste or smell especially delicious .
Just wanted to let you know that the Richardson deal has been entered into TAGG . The deal number is NE2760 .
I think I had too much nectar last night .
Richard , you can remove my name from the distribution list as I have rotated to a new group and am no longer working in the controls group . Thank you .
Please don't think less of me as a person , but this really made me laugh .
The Word of the Day for April 7 is: : the use of archaisms ( as in a historical novel ) Example sentence: "Get rid of the gadzookery," Bruce's editor cautioned . "Mirabella can perfectly well say 'please' instead of Did you know ? "Gadzooks .  .  .  you astonish me!" cries Mr . Lenville inCharles Dickens' Nicholas Nickleby . We won't accuse Dickens of gadzookery ( "the bane of historical fiction," as historicnovelist John Vernon called it in Newsday magazine) , because we assume people actually said "gadzooks" back in the 1830s . That mild oath is an old-fashioned euphemism , so it is thought , for "God's hooks" ( a reference , supposedly , to the nails of the Crucifixion) . But it's a fine line today's historical novelist must toe , avoiding expressions like "zounds" and "pshaw" and"tush" ( "tushery" is a synonym of the newer "gadzookery," whichfirst cropped up in the 1950s) , as well as "gadzooks," while atthe same time rejecting modern expressions such as "okay" and "nice."
For the record , I have read Judge Biren's ruling , and contrary to what people might have said in the conference call on Friday , it is silent on the topics of the testimony schedule and the presentation of arguments . The three-sentence e-mail from Biren simply requests that the parties attend the PHC at which time she will rule on the motion , and states that she might issue a further ruling prior to the PHC . I think it is probably fair to expect she may solicit brief comments from representatives of the parties at the PHC .
I hated to e-mail all of you but I honestly do not know how to handle the attached which was forwarded to me , and thought one of you might . Any clues...please advise . Thanks .
Shelley -- I'm going to the game but should be back in the office after 5 pm today if you want to chat . x30596 .
As you will note from the email address , my last name is Scott . If that is not enough information to derive my number I will have to question the level of intelligence I had previously afforded you . However , as I hate having my illusions shattered , I'll save myself from possible disappointment and just give you the number...ext . 31455 .
I possesed many of the items featured in this email , but my favorite by far was the one featured in the final frame . I was a super-hero in the universe other wise known as my backyard .
Drew , I'll fax you the information on the "Be a Spokesmodel...or Just Look Like One" course they offer here in the Houston office .
Mark , Thanks for still including me in the distribution , it makes me feel important . However , as I have moved out of the controls group it probably isn't necessary to include me any longer .
First and foremost you are a father , then a husband and then a poet .
The quote speaks to so many in such personal ways...Obviously you identified with it's message . Although , I'm not sure about the Dalai Lama comment as he does believe in a power higher than himself . As for myself.. . I am still measuring my powers . They seem to lie in such varied arenas that I never know what I will discover day-to-day . As far as tasting the fruits of my passion , you know what they say...the first bite is the sweetest . And I must say I look forward with great anticipation to sitting down at the table when the time is right . My place in the world is a combination of one of the guys and the ever idealistic , eternal optimist ( i.e . I see what is and yet still hold out hope for more) . * I don't believe the sentiment in Return to Me was pure fiction . Given all of this I am very happy .
Given that tonight's weather conditions may not permit dining alfresco , I was wondering if we should come up with an alternative plan . I think the first order of business is whether or not we want to go some place we can eat or if everyone just wants to meet up post dinner . Depending on everyone's preferences I have several suggestions . Let me know your thoughts ( regarding tonight) .
Is there actually a fun sushi place ? And do they have Ichiban beer ?
With the exception of Sunil no one answered the original question ( Do we want to go somewhere we can eat?) . Given that the three of you sit within inches of each other , I'm going to let y'all discuss the matter and get back to me . Anything's OK with me so just let me know what you come up with . If you get stumped I'd be happy to offer some suggestions .
Barring weather issues , it would appear as though we are on for Little Woodrow's tonight . I don't believe a definite time has been set as of yet , but seeing as how they ran out of steaks last week I suggest we get there as early as possible . Should we be rained out an alternative location will be chosen .
Via a quick phone call to Little Woodrow's I was informed that the "steak dude" ( as nstepha has coined him ) cooks come rain , sleet , snow or shine . Thus , our evening out is on . See everyone there around 7:30 p.m . If you can't make it till later that's OK we'll save you a seat . Besides , most of you would probably put good money down on my being there until closing . Cheers .
Wilson , my most heartfelt apologies . I failed to include you on the last email ( huge oversite on my part) .
Sorry , I forgot to include you in the last email . Hope to see you tonight .
Interesting . I seem to remember that under Texas law , everything goes to the surviving spouse . Any community property issues between Greg and ex should have been settled in the divorce proceedings . But it's been a while since I looked -- I will ask Bill for a second opinion . In any event , a will is a good idea , especially when kids are involved . If , God forbid , the worst should happen , you can bet that ex + kids would make life even more difficult for you in what would already be a tough time ! Bill doesn't do wills but he could probably recommend someone who would do a will for cheap .
Just wanted to share this thought with all of you . - The Paradox of Our Time.doc It is because of nights like last night with company such as yours that I remain optimistic in the face of statements such as the one attached .
- The Paradox of Our Time.doc
Not quite as enlightening as the last email , but much funnier .
That was amazing .
FYI: This morning , Lorraine and I checked with PNM and surprisingly they do not offer any kind of IT transportation service , just firm service . So our final revisions to the cover letter do not include acquiring interruptible service from PNM , since it's impossible to do so .
I literally had tears in my eyes reading this one . It sounded like a possible Santamaria outing . Enron North America Corp .
Please include me on the volunteer e-mail list .
Hi there ! How's the little buglet doing ? It was good to see you last week , and I feel honored that I got to accompany Grayson on her first restaurant mission . Hopefully the french-fry smell did not throw her off her feeding schedule to badly . Got a message from Mema wanting to discuss the baby's bottle habits . Pu-lease ! If it's OK with everyone I will try to bring Bill at Easter as a distraction . This weekend I am supposed to drive to Austin to pick up Bill and his friends ( aka Team Slacker ) at the end of the MS 150 . I'll be driving someone's SUV . If manners and general treatment of the trainer/driver ( by Bill and the owner of the SUV ) do not improve , however , Team Slacker will be taking the bus home . Do you remember Rob Carty from high school ? I just saw him at a seminar given by Akin Gump for in-house lawyers . He works for Exxon/Mobil now . I barely recognized him because he has gotten so hefty ! Thought you would enjoy the following brief excerpt from today's Wall Street Journal: Big Boy's Adventures in Thailand With his checkered overalls , cowlick curl and penchant for double-burgers , Big Boy seemed an unlikely fit for Bangkok . "People thought he was a little , well , creepy," says Peter Smythe , the head franchiser for Big Boy restaurants in Thailand , dusting off his giant Big Boy statue on Bangkok's main thoroughfare . "They kept asking me , 'Is he a Chinese Ronald McDonald?'" Eventually , a few Thai visitors decided Big Boy was a religious icon and laid bowls of rice and incense at his feet . Take care and drop me a line when you can . Love ,
So Burton hits me with "I hear you drink like a fish . Supposedly you were slamming them back last night." When I asked where he garnered such information he told me "From our friend on 28." I promptly sent the following message "Nice...so do you inform everyone you come in contact with that I drink like a fish?" Result , no response to me but he called Burton to lambast him for ratting him out . And the eternal question remains , if no longer interested why care so much ?
I'm a man trapped in a woman's body.. . not really , this is Jeff Fawcett in Susan's office . We're on a conference call with SoCalGas right now talking about the settlement document . Would you guys pull-up the attached file , "Primary Rights 4-12.doc" and look it over , with particular reference to the section titled , "Scheduling Priority?" I think we're OK here , but I don't want to agree to anything that we can't administer on our side of the meter or that just doesn't make sense . We're down to the final telecon on this subject , and all changes need to be sent over to SoCalGas ASAP . Will you take a quick look and send Susan a note saying thumbs up or down ? Thanks a bunch .
Rob , This is Jeff . I'm with Susan in her office listening to the call . Hey bud , LANDMINE ! Look at the new SoCalGas language respecting the Edison/SDG&E contract in Section 1.9 . Whadaythink ? Write back at this address ! Are you going to raise the issue ?
Mark , Susan and I are online in her office if you need to shoot us a quick note . Otherwise , blah , blah , blah..... .
Rob , Look at the conforming languange in the Appendix "A" last page , last paragraph . You know that this language was negotiated by and between SoCalGas and Edison . My main concern is that its very , very open ended.. . almost a contingent liability for all settlement parties . Jeff
pull out your settlement matrix and see if this SA agrees with that document . I don't necessarily think it does . Didn't we basically agree to disagree and/or deal with this issue outside the settlement process ? Are you saying that Edison can reserve capacity in the same manner as Core and 50% of noncore , but at the approx . 7.9 cent rate ? HEY , WAIT A MINUTE... . is this language saying that they can convert the VALUE of their capacity rights to a capacity contract at the point ? For example , if Edison has 200/d at 1 cent Wheeler access fee , they could conver it to approx . 25/d at the full 7.9 cent rate ? Let's get clarification!! !
Attached is a draft of the Declaration of Jeffery Fawcett . If you have comments , please let me know . Susan Scott Transwestern Pipeline Company
you still there ?
Quite good . They definitely provide a chuckle .
This was one of the emails I told you about .
I'm available Tuesday also -- just let me know .
I'm there .
Vanessa , I checked with Bill , and the very unsatisfying answer to your question is that it totally depends on how Greg divided the community property with his ex . He agreed with me that a will is a good idea in any case because you can arrange things so that you avoid legal proceedings and save a lot in taxes ! Our friend Tony Maluski does probate work: I believe his number is 713-228-7401 . He's a nice guy and I believe him to be competent; however , I think it is a good idea to shop around when you're doing something routine like a will or an uncontested divorce , so I'd advise calling several lawyers and see who you like best and who will give you the best deal . If I can find some other names/numbers for you , I will . Hope this helps !
Glen , I'm faxing you Transwestern's signature page and declaration . An electronic version of the declaration is attached .
Glen: I think this will be fine . Please add the word "Company" after "Transwestern Pipeline" on the list of parties . Thanks; we sincerely appreciate your efforts on this settlement . Susan Scott
See the attached . The proceeding certainly isn't over , but I think the parties have done a great job of submitting a settlement that the Commission will eventually approve , provided the parties present sufficient evidence to support such a decision . ( Unfortunately , we expect the settlement to be protested. ) Direct testimony is due May 5 . To streamline things , the parties are going to consolidate efforts and have divided up the testimony by topic . Of course Transwestern got the Hector Road issue . I plan to put Mr . Fawcett on as a witness . Our issue is not particularly controversial anymore , so I do not anticipate rigorous cross-examination; nevertheless , I will probably ask your assistance in preparing the witness for the hearing , which begins May 30 .
Sorry for the delayed response , I got really busy Friday afternoon and didn't check my email before I left .
As you know , we recently did an east-to-east deal with USGT for 400,000 MMBtu/day with alternate rights to California at a higher rate . SoCal filed a protest and I'm working on the response . In part , they are alleging that TW is "attempting to exploit a weakness" in the GISB procedures to the detriment of existing customers . For example , under TW's tariff ( which they concede is GISB compliant) , primary firm cannot bump alt . firm in cycle 2 . SoCal says this means that any primary shipper attempting to deliever to an in-path alt . point will be unable to re-nominate to its primary point once this "alternate" capacity [I assume they mean USGT's] is confirmed . According to SoCal this will substantially limit shippers' flexibility , including the ability to use market area pooling . Once gas is nominated thru a pool its subsequent movement to a delivery point is defined as an al . delivery regardless of the rights of the capacity under which it moves . Thus by manipulating the GISB cycle process , TW and USGT will bump firm shippers . I could really use your help in responding to this argument . ( First of all , I'm not sure I even understand it! ) If either of you have a few minutes today or tomorrow when we could get together , that would be great . Also -- you two were the first to come to mind , but feel free to refer me to someone else in your group if you are swamped . Please e-mail or call when you get a chance.. . Thanks ! Susan ( x30596 )
Please see the attached . AA is now unsure about what we should say here ( aam I) . Can you help ? Thanks .
Here's the answer to your question regarding 28 . The depth and complexity are overwhelming .
Don't you mean no more .
" To dream anything that you want to dream - that is the beauty of the human mind . To do anything you want to do - that is the strength of the human will . To trust yourself to test your limits - that is the courage to succeed." " Embrace hard things and your mind will blossom." "This is America ENRON . We can do anything here." -- Ted Turner Sunil Dalal "Finish each day and be done with it . You have done what you could; some blunders and absurdities have crept in; forget them as soon as you can . Tomorrow is a new day; you shall begin it serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with your old nonsense." -Ralph Waldo Emerson "To laugh often and much; to win the respect of intelligent people and the affection of children; to earn the appreciation of honest critics and endure the betrayal of false friends; to appreciate beauty , to find the best in others; to leave the world a little better; whether by a healthy child , a garden patch or a redeemed social condition; to know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived . This is the meaning of success." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Mike no longer writes actual tickets . Confirms can find the information in the following location: All of Mike's tickets deals can be found in this same location on a daily basis .
Just found out from Minal that you guys are going to Osteria D'Aldo for your shower . I hope you have a wonderful time but I have to warn you that the wine selection is extensive and the food is fantastic ( although not very low-cal) . I know you're in the final stretch of the bet , however this just might be cause for a loss . Bon Appetit !
I was remiss in excluding y'all from the original distribution . Please except my apologies .
I obviously didn't get up this morning to work-out...So I was wondering if you wanted to go for a run before Felicity tonight . I should be home by 6:30 or 7:00 . Let me know .
You know me...any excuse to celebrate . Name a time and place...amazingly my calendar appears to be open tomorrow night .
Hey there , enjoyed hearing about your shopping adventures ! Just a quick note to say that Bill will be coming with me this weekend , so Mema will have more than enough entertainment . Tell Jim to bring his tennis gear and if the weather cooperates we can play . He would probably enjoy hitting with Bill . Saw Bruce Springsteen last night , even though I'm really not much of a fan . Ann really wanted to go , and I knew it would be a good show ( which it was) . He played for 3 hours and needless to say I'm pretty worthless this a.m . Look forward to seeing you soon .
Here it is . Please let me know your comments today . Thanks .
For April 17-23: Travel plans shape up and morph into much more . Every step you take seems to branch out into a sea of possibilities -- especially lately . The old rules don't apply anymore . The idea of signing up for something and hanging in there until retirement doesn't suit an innovator like you . Your developing success will beget an avalanche of more success . Have your bags packed in preparation for spur of the moment opportunities and travel necessities . Your wanderlust is starting to surface in a big way . You want to know more and experience life on a richer level . You're not the same person you were even a year ago . You understand more about yourself . Be open to travel , moving , advanced training , and additional contact with media and publishing . The word is out , Aquarius -- and hard-to-pass-up offers are already in the
For April 2000: Your mind is so active , inventive , and unlimited this month that you're capable of almost anything ! ( You've privately believed that the rules don't necessarily apply to you. ) This month , your incredible adaptability and powers of persuasion help you shed the status quo and break out of the corral . Unless you catch your foot in a bear trap , nothing can stop you . People are fascinated by your mind , wit , ideas , and conversation . ( Don't forget: Oprah Winfrey is an Aquarius! ) Your views are welcomed and provoke others to investigate things they may have taken for granted . Speak up during the first week , especially if it's to announce you're starting a new venture . Business travel is likely during the first and third weeks , especially if contractual issues need to be finalized . Travel is actually enjoyable this month and can open your eyes to fresh horizons . Aquarius . .  .  you've dragged your tin cup across the bars long enough . I smell a prison break . .  .  . 
What kind of time frame are we looking at ?
Say 7:30-7:45 and your on .
Who all's going ?
I'm not going to take any lip from you . The name is Little Woodrow's and it's on W . Alabama just off of Kirby .
Who's picking on me ? I'll see what I can do but most of my girlfriends live in other cities and besides who wants to expend energy entertaining second string candidates ?
Our regular Wednesday night crowd will be somewhat diminished . However the most important individuals will be present...Us .
What is it about the two of you that you think I can't handle ? And believe me I am making efforts to enlist worthy participants .
Frank and Steve , see the attached . My theory , which is based on our experience with the Gallup compressor , is that we could enter into a joint ownership and operating agreement with Agave , and as long as we convince the Commission that the agreements give TW sufficient control over the operation of the facility to ensure FERC regs are complied with , they will be OK with the joint ownership -- and not try to assert jurisdiction over Agave ( a gathering company) . Although it seems likely that other pipelines have entered into such arrangements , I've not found any cases on point here . Do you agree with my conclusion ? Any other ideas or insights ? Please let me know . Thanks .
Last month Lindy and I began looking into adding a provision to TW's tariff allowing shippers to elect to purchase fuel gas from TW . There is good precedent for this and I think it would be fairly easy to accomplish as long as we don't try to make the purchase of fuel from TW mandatory ( see the attached memo) . Mary Kay , as you and I discussed , we will need to address the fuel overrecovery issue before moving forward with this .
Ginger , I would very much like to participate in the meeting this Thursday . However , given that it is bid-week , I cannot absolutely guarantee my attendance . If it is at all possible for me to include myself with the caveat that I may have to pull-out last minute I would really appreciate the opportunity . Please let me know if this is all right and I will do everything I can to attend .
You asked whether current contract approval procedures require the marketers to get Legal's approval on all transportation contracts . The answer is no . If you look at the ET&S policy on authority to grant transportation and storage discounts ( I can fax it to you if you don' t have it) , there is a column for "Pre-approved Terms" and one for "Non Pre-Approved Terms" . Contracts that are not on a pre-approved form always have to have the Legal Dept's approval . Contracts on pre-approved forms with a total discount ( for the entire contract term ) of less than $1.2 million do not need Legal's approval; those above the threshold do . Does that make sense ? As far as I know our marketers have been following this . I spoke with TK and she is aware of the policy , and she is also aware that she needs to show me any contract that deviates from our standard language . She has also discussed this with Steve Harris recently to make sure he's comfortable with the policy . If we need to discuss this further please let me know .
Drew , I wanted you to be aware of a potential dispute with regard to our consultant , Mark Baldwin of IGS . Our consulting agreement with IGS ( which has now terminated ) provided for a flat fee , plus an incentive fee calculated using the net present value of any contract "identified by IGS" and entered into during the term of the consulting agreement . During the term of the agreement , TW entered into its Gallup Expansion agreement with Southern . IGS is now claiming it brought in the deal and so is entitled to an incentive fee . While it is undisputed that Mark discussed the deal with Southern , Southern was also on Lorraine's list of shippers to contact for Gallup Expansion capacity . Also , the capacity was posted for all to see . So , while Mark can certainly claim he "identified" the deal , he was not alone in doing so . Steve is going to call Mark in response to his letter ( after he talks to Lorraine to verify facts) . Our thinking is that if we offer IGS some money they will be happy . We would really like to preserve what has been a good working relationship with this consultant . On the other hand , I think we could probably take the position that they are not entitled to any incentive fee . However , since the contract is silent as to whether IGS has to be the only party bringing in the deal in order to qualify for the incentive fee , this position is not as strong as I'd like it to be , and IGS might sue TW . The amount in dispute could be as much as $200,000 , depending on what rate we use in calculating net present value . If you have any problem with our offering to pay part of the incentive fee to IGS , let me know . I think it will be very important for Steve not to admit that Mark helped in any way in getting the deal -- just in case they do decide to take us to court .
Just wanted to ease your mind and let you know that I have not discussed your impending move with anyone save those you have already informed . I am well aware of the sensitivity of the subject . Believe it or not , sometimes I am able to keep my mouth shut .
How was NY ?
The post-id should be 766556 . I am still inputting the unofficial post-id on a daily basis in that file that was created for you all , O:\Erms\erms_adm\GasDaily\GDailyDrop . Let me know if there's anything else I can do .
No I'm not close b/c I can't take off 2hrs from work to go run in the park . However , I am getting up every morning at 6 to go run so that ought to count for extra . Besides when did this become a contest I wouldn't think you'd consider me a worthy adversary.. . at least not yet . I do know the model you're speaking of , but isn't she married to some billionaire in Venezuela ?
Is it really so you can look at girls or so people can look at you ? I think your right about everyone being able to beat anyone with one important caveat . The individuals in question must be in the same strata . I would not anticipate that an olympic medal winning long-distance runner could be beat by Joe Shmoe who runs every day at Memorial Park . Of course if one is patient and bides their time they could probably stand a shot when the guy gets really old and slow . Also , are you so bold as to suggest you've never lost ? Or do you not identify them as losses but rather the results of your own choosing ?
You're the greatest . I think Little Woodrow's is on for tonight although I'm still waiting to see if my brother and his wife want to go out tonight ( he leaves for South Korea Sunday) , if they're a no go I will be on the deck with a bucket of beer . P.S . You are in peak physical condition .
So are you going tonight or not ?
It looks like people are going to start arriving around 7:00 so I'd say just show up after your done running and getting all pretty . I'm sure we'll all be there till at least 10:00 .
Ben was actually already planning on going . In fact he informed me he would be bringing a friend from Canada . FYI - I didn't know there was a "friend" in Canada until very recently ( although I had my suspicions ) and further more had never heard a name until today . Regardless , any friend of y'alls is a friend of mine . Also , Nick is going to bring Amy ( his significant other) . Should be an interesting evening .
Again Mark I am flattered that you include me in these explanations...but I don't really need them anymore .
I just finished having lunch with Tobin and he filled me in a bit about this morning's meeting . I don't know how you reacted , if you were upset , etc . but I wanted to offer this up if you were struggling with the situation . Whatever happens and whatever is said about your move don't ever lose sight of the fact that in every aspect of this situation you conducted yourself in the best and most open manner possible . In no way can or should your conduct be called into question . Bearing that in mind any criticism that was expressed within the meeting this morning was beyond inappropriate . I am sure it reflected much more poorly on the accuser than it did any of those being criticized . Furthermore , just keep focused on what an incredible opportunity this move is going to be for you and all of the doors it will inevitably open . There isn't a doubt in my mind that you are bound for great things , you just have to seize the opportunities that will lead to that when they come along ( which is exactly what you've done) . Keep your chin up and whatever you do don't doubt yourself or your actions .
O.K . Just wanted to see if we're still on for Saturday night . Let me know if anyone else wants to come because I think I'm just going to order the tickets today over the phone or on the internet . Also , I was trying to remember how much I covered of your meal the other night at Sabroso's . I think it was around $15 , so if it's okay with you I'll just pay for your ticket and then take the difference from the amount you sent in that email and cut you a check for that amount ( I know I'm very delinquent) . I promise I'm good for the money . Also , was wondering if you're still interested in the Bruce Cockburn concert on the 11th . Just let me know . Hope your having a wonderful day .
Jeff , didn't realize everyone else was going to use narrative format . Now that I've had a chance to think about it , I think ours will look silly if it's in Q&A format . I'll work on changing it this evening .
Keith , last week you and I discussed briefly Facilities Planning's proposal to change the service factor on the Gallup compressor in order to increase capacity . I believe you had concluded that a certificate application would be necessary . Now Arnold Eisenstein is asking me ( thru our commercial people ) whether we would still have to make a filing if our certificated capacity could be increased without any physical modification to the compressor -- in other words , through a pressure commitment . My initial impression is yes , we would have to make a filing . Am I out of my mind ? Does this make sense ? Please advise .
Steve's new idea is to send a letter to Mark asking him to document/explain exactly what his role was in getting this deal . Comments ? Not sure I care one way or the other , but after I see how it looks in writing , I'll have a better idea of whether this is how we should approach it . Multi-tasking heavily today . I'll send you a draft of our PNM answer to Dynegy protest by close of business .
Yes , I will send you a draft shortly .
Please see the attached and let me know your comments by Wednesday a.m . if possible .
We do not really have anything that specific , but I could at least point out that the San Juan lateral is fully subscribed .
Sure , why the heck not . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
In honour of your departure I think it is only right that we do "Red Meat" one more time . I feel as though I've said this a lot lately but...Congratulations . I don't want to devalue the statement by repeating it over and over again so just know that I am completely sincere when I say it . The money sounds fantastic , although I hope that aside from the money you enjoy and are challenged by your new role . I may not know you inside and out but I do know that you need to be in an exciting and fast-paced environment to hold your interest and sustain motivation and this sounds like it will provide that for you . Also , the step up position-wise is great and I think deserved . As far as being scared goes , that'll be our little secret . You do know though that fear is a great motivator and often provides us with that extra push to do and try the things we may not have otherwise done . I guess this means I'll have a good excuse to visit NY .
I may have to start training now for that .
Here is the quick & dirty . None of the Gallup contracts contain a shipper out if the facilities are not placed in service by a certain date . The respective obligations of the parties do not commence until the facilities are "tested and placed in service." We notified our shippers by telephone yesterday that the facilities were in service . The compressor has since been taken down because of excessive vibration and an unusual whining noise of undetermined origin . EE&CC does not know how long it will take to correct the problems; they do not have enough information yet to even give an estimate . Based on our experience with Hubbard , it could take months to correct the problem . Today , we've been able to deliver all nominated gas simply because noms did not exceed our existing capacity . Nominations are expected to exceed existing capacity this week , in which case we will have to allocate . Given the uncertainty involved , from a PR standpoint I believe it would be best to tell the customers that because of unforeseen circumstances we are not in service after all , that we apologize for the mistake and will do our best to provide service on a daily or interruptible basis . When the compressor is actually tested and really in service , we'll let them know . The downside: we get no reservation charge at all . ( estimated loss: The upside: in the long run we probably save face with our customers . From a short-term economic standpoint , the better choice appears to be not to revoke our "in-service" announcement . When summer weather kicks in , we'll probably have to allocate every day . On our EBB we will have to give some reason for the allocation ( or if we don't , shippers will demand an explanation anyway) . Shippers' rights to a reservation refund will be triggered . The downside: shippers will never trust us again . Also , we could be subject to fraud or related causes of action for representing the compressor was "in service" when we knew it was not . The upside: on the off chance no one files a lawsuit and wins , we might at least get to keep some of the reservation charges owed us , to the extent deliveries don't fall below 75% of nominated quantities for a period of longer than 75 days in months other than July and August this summer . ( In July and August , we don't get any reservation charge for amounts not delivered) . We just need to keep in mind that normally the pipeline runs full in the summer months , and Gallup capacity was sold with that assumption in mind . Haven't had time to do a formal write-up; if you want me to turn this into a memo for wider distribution , let me know . For now , I think it's important to get a decision on one of the above options . The longer we wait to get information to our shippers , the bigger our customer relations problem will be .
Sounds like a great idea -- let us know where/when .
Who all would you like on your guest list for tomorrow ? Regular crew ?
I've called and checked before and evidently the steak cook comes rain , sleet , snow or hail . So unless everyone's opposed to eating inside , if it's raining , we can go no matter what .
I apologise for the delay in my response to your email . Thank you for contacting me regarding the rotational opportunity in your group . While it sounds intriguing , I will not be able to pursue it as I have already begun my second rotation with ENA . However , I would appreciate the opportunity to learn more about your group and any possible future rotations . Please let me know if you would be able to meet at some later date . Thank you again .
FYI
FYI
Lorraine: here's Keith's brief response to your question about increasing capacity without changing the service factor or making other mods to the Gallup compressor . Let me know where we need to go from here . Susan , my understanding is that the capacity west to the California border is a certificated amount ( 1090 MMcf/d) . If in any way we try to change the certificated amount of capacity ( firm capacity) , we will need to file . TW is different than NNG , in that TW certificates capacity rather than facilities . Arnold's idea of using a pressure commitment would still require a filing . Please let me know , if we need to discuss further . Keith
It is tonight and it looks as though we will have great weather . I'm planning on getting there ASAP as I've had a rough week already and need some beer in a bucket .
What time are you thinking about getting over there ?
I will most likely have a good headstart by the time you get there .
By the way , when are you leaving for NY/moving all of your stuff ? And , when's your last day at the Big "E" ?
I have purchased 4 tickets to Saturday night's show . Maybe we can all go out to dinner before-hand or I wouldn't mind having everyone over to my place for a little wine and food ? Also , I don't think I can make this week's Tasters dinner because my old group is having a belated going away happy hour in honour of me . PARTAY!! !
Are you still going to run ?
I'm sure we can find you a ride over there . What time do you think you're going to be finished-up here ?
While I don't truly fear you becoming a bitter individual as a result of these negative experiences , I do feel the highlighted section below is now more appropriate than ever . One must keep their eyes open and use all of the wisdom they possess when they trust . Just as I suggested that positive experiences can cause one's level of trust to grow exponentially , negative experiences can cause irreparable harm . If you trust blindly or too willingly and that trust is violated it colours every aspect of your life . There are too many people in this world that have become bitter and cynical , not because they were born that way but , because they handed out trust haphazardly and too many times that trust was thrown back in their face . I don't mean to suggest from the above that one should live in a day-to-day mind-set of distrust but rather that they must really look at people and all the aspects which they posses . I have come to the conclusion that if you spend most of your time observing and listening to people rather than always taking the lead you will learn a great deal more about them and their character . The smallest acts and statements can in fact say the most , so always be observant . ( This includes listening to what others have to say and paying attention to the opinions of people whom you respect. ) To that end I have one last comment...I am constantly amazed and periodically reminded what fragile creatures we humans are . That beyond the hype and self-grandizing the basic components of ourselves ( our experiences , fears , cares , concerns , needs etc. ) cannot be completely disregarded and will always be a part of us . I think that only by recognizing those components and trying to understand their origin can we truly become stronger .
I too enjoyed our talk last night (  I'm always interested in other viewpoints , it is only by examining them that we challenge our own) . The Happy Hour tonight is at Teala's on West Dallas . My recommendation is that you plan on arriving at 7:00 or later . Hopefully by that time my old manager will have had enough to drink he won't mind all these other people on his tab . I must admit , the job just keeps sounding better and better . P.S . Thanks for the compliment...that's a quality I like being associated with .
I'm finally having my going away Happy Hour with my old group tonight so I'm out . Sorry . Hope you guys have fun ( Don't forget Woody's is a cheese-fest )
Turns out my boss is going to get to Teala's at @ 5:00 . So if you want to show up earlier , say 6:00/6:30 , I'm sure that would be cool . I know Ben , Nick and possibly Sunil are planning on going so you may want to see when they are planning on getting there .
Tell Lisa that EOL sucks...I've had to rebook 40 screwed up deals...hope to be there by 7:00
Where were you last night ?
Bummer . Too bad all of us are captive to Eric's schedule . Bill and I enjoyed our too-short trip to the GC . We hiked down Bright Angel trail to the second rest stop , which was plenty for me . It was pretty hot . Wish we could have stuck around longer but Bill had to be back for a trial . Talk about restrictive travel schedules . I was thinking about you and Karin and wanting to take your customary nature trips...you know , when Grayson is a little older , we could go on some trips and just take turns staying at the hotel/cabin with her while everyone else goes hiking/climbing/whatever . You might have to pay for extra hotel days that way , but at least you would get to go . In the meantime , what about staying in one place for a week or so -- a beach house , for example . Eric permitting , I think it would be fun to get everyone together in Florida or Colorado sometime within the next year . My car is ready at the shop . Yay ! Ciao ,
FYI - Europe spends an average of $4-9 per person on the arts compared with the US at . 64 and declining .
Jeff , we only need to send a copy to the Judge electronically . This is why we've only seen a few from the other parties ( I'm starting to receive some in the mail and will get you copies) . I'll do so promptly . I'll e-mail one to Brian Cherry as well , and to anyone else who specifically requests it . If you would prefer that I send to everyone electronically , let me know . Copies were mailed to everyone Friday .
Hi Mum ! The trip was pretty exhausting . Friday we saw Hoover Dam , had lunch at a great diner in Kingman ( on Route 66! ) and rolled into Sedona around 5 . Climbed around the red rocks of Sedona all day on Saturday , sat by the pool in the afternoon and I did some shopping . Sunday we drove to Grand Canyon and did part of the Bright Angel trail . That was pretty strenuous but definitely worth it . Wish we could have made it a longer trip but we had Bill's trial schedule to deal with . I'll spare you the details of my trip home -- suffice it to say I didn't make it back to Houston until about noon yesterday and have a $200 travel voucher for my trouble . I will definitely come to Austin next weekend but probably will not get in until later on Saturday . How about a homemade ( by Chef Sooz ) brunch on Sunday a.m. ? Have to run to a meeting . . . for race info , I would try a search for Texaco or Texaco Gran(d? ) Prix on the Internet . I know that Texaco probably has it on their website . If you don't find anything let me know . Love ,
Brian: here is the electronic version of Jeff Fawcett's testimony .
Brian: because of the travel time involved , TW would prefer to reverse the schedule on May 24 ( i.e. , retail first , capacity second ) -- if no one has any
"1 . Do what's right . Be on time , be polite , and be honest; remain free from drugs; and if you have any questions , get out your Bible . 2 . Do your best . Mediocrity is unacceptable when you are capable of doing better . 3 . Treat others as you want to be treated . Practice love and understanding." -- Lou Holtz ( Three rules for success )
We need to start a new "bucket" file called Direct Testimony . Then please watch the mail and do a folder for each prepared testimony as they come in . Thank you !
Sorry I didn't return your call last night , Lisa and I went to hear Julie Andrews speak at Jones Hall and didn't get home until after 10:00 p.m . Knowing what a precious commodity sleep is I refrained from possibly disturbing your own .
Hi there ! I was not able to launch the photo but was able to see it in "View" mode on my Lotus Notes . What a pretty girl ! I assume you'll be in Austin for Mother's Day ? Let me know . I was thinking of cooking brunch if the whole gang is going to be there , but if it is just me and Mum maybe we'll just go out . I have no idea what to buy her ! must do some shopping today or tomorrow . Trivia time: last night I went to the Astros game with some people from work . One guy brought his girlfriend , Thani-ta , who is from Thailand . She likes to eat at Nit Noi when she is in town ! She told me she has a dog called Nit Noi , which means "little bit." Now you know ! Have a good day; hope to see you in Austin . Love , proud auntie sooz
Rich and Dave , attached are my suggested revisions to Mike McLeod's draft of an amendment to the original electric service agreement . Dave , I'll bring you a copy of that agreement . Rich , if Mike did not send you one , let me know and I will fax it to you . In my revisions , I've attempted to reflect the least cost billing you described to me , using terminology I read in the tariff . Please let me know if it looks alright to you . I'm available to discuss this whenever you are , then I will make sending this to Mike top priority . My sincerest apologies for the delay; there has been more chaos around here than I am accustomed to handling , and I appreciate your patience . Susan
P.S . -- Dave , on your wish list you had included an evergreen provision . See Section 2 of the original contract , which gives TW the right to extend for another five-year term by giving notice to SPS . If TW does not give such notice , SPS may cancel the contract , and if it doesn't , the contract automatically rolls over for another year . If this is not acceptable please let me know .
What if we replace Section 2 with something like "This Agreement shall continue in effect unless and until terminated pursuant to Section 3," and replace Section 3 with "Either Party may terminate this Agreement upon written notice to the other Party not less than twelve ( 12 ) months prior to the intended date of termination." Sound OK ? if so I'll add it to my draft .
Rich - Dave and I were just discussing whether a period less than 12 months would be appropriate ( see language below) , given that dereg . may bring some changes we want to take advantage of . It's basically your call: if SPS were to terminate our contract , how much time would we need to negotiate a replacement ?
Hi Brian ! How nice to hear from you . Congrats on being an uncle . Scott is a good-looking baby ! Yes , I'm pretty psyched about little Grayson; she is a sweetie ! Karin and Jim are anxious to give me a refresher course on babysitting skills . I told them that when my niece is old enough to understand the command "Go find your shoes and I'll help you put them on," I'll be happy to take her off their hands for a weekend ! I too am in no rush to have kids . While my boyfriend is a great guy and loves children , somehow I just can't imagine him hanging around the house helping with diapers ! I am so glad you're enjoying Tampa . Picking up and moving can be a great thing sometimes . I will never regret leaving Austin for Houston . There is just so much here I enjoy doing and my social life is a whole lot better . The job is absolutely crazy . If you ever watch "ER," that is usually what my day looks like , only without all the blood ! Here at Enron Gas Pipeline Group I work as the only lawyer for a very busy commercial team . We sit in an open work area and it is chaotic every day . But it's a good crash course in business for me , and my clients are wonderful . Do take some study breaks and keep in touch ! E-mail is a wonderful thing . Time to hit the tennis courts . Love , Susan
Today we remember Jane Austen , the British writer born on this date in 1775Austen depreciated herself as a "miniaturist" and a domestic novelist of restricted scope , but her literary legacy is large . She was also able to laself-deprecation aside , however , and in Northanger Abbey she declared thatnovels -- her chosen genre -- are works in which "the greatest powers of thmind are displayed , in which the most thorough knowledge of human nature , the happiest delineation of its varieties , the liveliest effusions of wit andhumour are conveyed to the world in the best chosen language." ( Austen's work brims with general statements that are contradicted by the people in her stories . For instance , Pride and Prejudice opens by noting that "It is a truth universally acknowledged , that a single man in possession of a good fortune , must be in want of a wife." The book then describes Mrs . Bennett , mother of a household full of marriageable daughters as "a woman omean understanding , little information , and uncertain temper." As Austen acquaints us with the tale of each daughter's engagements , she wonders , "For what do we live , but to make sport for ourneighbors and laugh at them in our turn?"As Austen acquaints us with thetale of each daughter's engagements , she wonders , "For what do we live , butto make sport for our neighbors and laugh at them in our turn?"
Here are my standard rules for my witnesses on examination by opposing counsel . They are worth learning well ahead of time because they can be very difficult to follow . Memorize these and we'll do fine on cross ( assuming we even get any questions) . 1 . Listen carefully to the question . 2 . Answer only that question; do not volunteer more . 3 . If you don't know for sure what the answer is , just say so . 4 . If you cannot answer a "yes" or "no" question with "yes" or "no," say so and explain why .
I could let the fluff comment fly if you were referring to a woman that hadwritten such works in present day , but given that Austen was dealing with acompletely different world with decidedly different expectations for the women in it I cannot . The fact that she was able to challenge those limitexpectations and never allow her heroines to sell themselves short or compromise their character should not be taken for granted . Yes , there is a definite romantic bent to her works , but in addition their is amazing insiginto people , their motives , their struggles and their capacity to surpriseeven themselves . And in the end , what conquers in her novels is the union of two individuals who have the utmost respect and appreciation for each otherminds and characters not the unequal and servile relationships that constituted the norm for that time .
Hi Mark...me again . You really are missing my presence in the controls group aren't you ?
Thought you'd be interested in this .
Hi Mum ! I'm up for birthday celebration this weekend . Can you believe I actually have a gift for Jim already ? I'll try to get there as early as I can tomorrow . Bill will not be coming with me because he has too much work piled up , including clients to visit in jail ! My first priority is sleep as I have not gotten much this week -- I keep waking up in the middle of the night; it's miserable . To make things worse , I think a ghost has appeared to Goo . She is really freaked out about something , pacing around and acting like she hears things . Gabby is her usual self . How's the pool ? I'll bring my suit just in case.. . Love ,
travaille pas. )
I'll just get with Ramona in the a.m . and see when she can meet & we'll go from there .
Here's a draft of a research memo on options . While I am hopeful that we can overcome FERC's policy on reservation of capacity , our arguments obviously need to be developed a little more before we can do that . I know the business folks are anxious to hear our strategy . I would appreciate your comments on the attached .
Your "courtesy copy" of the draft I sent to MK , Drew and Shelley . We'll put our heads together and come up with a final version .
I have recently moved: Desk 3276c Ext . 31455 Bus . Unit ENA - Risk Management , Financial Books Poss End date 3/1/2001 Supervisor Mike Moscoso ( For PRC)...New supervisor is Dutch Quigley Assistant Maria Sandoval ( ext . 35586)...New assistanat is Irena Hogan ext.2 . If you have moved recently , you must provide your new CO# , RC# / Cost Center# , new desk location , and extension to me . Also , needed is Name of Business Unit and Group , Effective date and possible end date , Supervisor(for PRC) , Supervisor,s location and extension , Supervisor,s assistant along with her location and extension . Please indicate the new changes when sending your timesheet .
The elegance of your commentary has left me speechless .
You are the best . I sit on 32 now , 2376c to be exact . When you hit the top of the stairs hang a left then turn left at the next possible opening . I'll flag you down . However , I would be more than happy to come down and pick up the check . Just let me know what works best for you .
Please ignore my previous e-mail which included the wrong attachment .
Ted , please see if they will agree to Texas law ( see last paragraph) . If not , let me know . Otherwise , this looks fine .
Name : Susan Scott Title : Analyst Last 4 of SSN : 1734 Nationality : UNKNOWN Business Unit : Risk Management , Gas Trading , Financial Books Rotation Start : 3/28/00 Supervisor : Dutch Quigley Languages :
Transwestern has drafted the attached rebuttal testimony in response to testimony filed by Kern River and the Post-Interim Settlement parties . Please let me know if you have comments .
I have been working with Ramona and Lorraine to make system adjustments to TW's LFT arising from conclusions made at a Northern LFT meeting a few weeks ago . One change that has been called for is that if a Limited Day is called ( for now let's say a total Limited Day , without notifying shippers of any percentages) , no LFT can flow at any time during that day but the LFT shipper would have the option to flow IT to the extent space is available . If a Limited Day were called notifying shippers that only a certain percentage would flow , LFT shippers would be able to flow that percentage , and the rest could be scheduled IT . Drew latched onto this when I mentioned it to him and wanted to debate this change with me . As currently configured , TW's system would allow LFT shippers to put in nominations on a Limited Day , and if any LFT capacity were in fact available that LFT would be scheduled . Similarly , if TW were to notify shippers of a partial Limited Day ( say 50%) , and 60% of the capacity in fact became available , TW's system ( today ) would allow LFT shippers to put their nominations in and flow 60% , not limit them to 50% . TW's tariff language appears suitably vague to allow this -- a Limited Day is defined as a day on which TW may choose not to schedule service in whole or in part , and the billing section has a provision for Limited Days on which any quantity of gas is transported . Our question was whether , by changing TW's LFT system as described in the first paragraph , we wouldn't be leaving some firm transportation revenue on the table ( because the IT rate is generally lower than our firm rate) . If so , is the change necessary for some other reason ? Please let me know what you think .
Ashley -- here is a lease renewal letter . Pumpkin is welcome to stay over at your place . In fact , if you or Deron need me to check in on her at any time , walk her , etc. , you really should not hesitate to call me ( 713-864-4960) ! I love dogs and wish I could justify having one !
Hi Mum ! I had a fun time this weekend . It was good to have everyone together . Glad K&J are relaxing about Mema and the baby . She gets such a kick out of seeing her . Thanks for the new clothes; I still can't believe we let you shop for us on Mother's Day weekend ! Got a message that Lois came by and got the dishes . Earlier when I was in a meeting she left a voice mail saying she wasn't sure what exit to use off of 610 . Wish they lived closer and I could have just stopped by . Had another sleepless night Sun . and finally took some Unisom and had a good night's sleep last night . What a relief . I have really never had this problem before . It's good to have a lot of energy , but you have to shut down sometime . Am sending you my travel schedule for next week . The following week ( May 29 - June 2 ) I'm planning to be in SF also , but I'm not sure I'll actually have to be there that long . Have a good afternoon ! Love ,
In case you do not have my draft of the filing , here it is .
Edd , looks like the gas industry restructuring thing is going to bring me to SF next Tues . thru Thurs. , then May 29 thru June 2 . I had thought about going for the whole Memorial Day weekend , but Bill's going to be in Boston the following weekend , so I now think that June 3 - 4 would be the better weekend for me to hang out in Cali . It's all sort of loosey-goosey anyway because the judge has not announced the order in which witnesses will be presented . I think she forgets some of us are from out of town ! Makes it really hard to plan . I'll know for sure by the 25th . Thank goodness for refundable airline tickets . Anyway , are going to be around that 1st weekend of June ? And -- might you be available for dinner next Tuesday or Wednesday ? These guys like to talk business well into the evening hours , but my interest starts to wane near suppertime and I could probably make excuses and leave . Bill and I took a whirlwind trip to Arizona a couple of weekends ago . He was in Bullhead City , of all places , where his uncle has a vacation home . I joined him a few days later in Vegas . Luckily he had been to Laughlin 2 nights in a row and had gotten blackjack out of his system . We set out for Sedona but first had to stop at Hoover Dam , then a diner in Kingman ( on Route 66 of course) . Stayed a couple of nights in Sedona , where we climbed lots of rocks ( which we later found out were protected nature preserve areas -- oops ) and got real dusty and sunburned . Then we drove up to the Grand Canyon and hung out at the South Rim . Actually , we climbed down Bright Angel Trail & back up , then drove straight to the Las Vegas airport , from which we took the redeye so Bill could make it to his trial the next day . I would really love to spend more time in the Grand Canyon -- maybe not this fall , but the next . Ciao fo' now , and lots of soul
Lynn -- FYI , here is my draft of the fuel filing for TW . This is very much a work in progress and we're having a meeting tomorrow to discuss logistics . We've invited Darrell and Richard to the meeting; if there is anyone else you think we should include just let me know .
On Friday the Commission issued an order suspending ( until October 15 , 2000 ) TW's tariff sheets for acquiring PNM capacity , and calling for a technical conference . The Commission stated that while TW's proposal may be in the public interest , further investigation of the issues , including those raised by Dynegy in its protest , is necessary prior to authorization . The order does not make clear what issues are to be investigated , but they seem to include: whether TW will , in effect , become a marketer for PNM's services , whether the rates are just and reasonable and whether there is any expansion of monopoly power . Additionally , the Commission noted that while PNM has certificate ( i.e. , public convenience & necessity ) authority to transport gas in interstate commerce , PNM will "have to either explain how it has appropriate rate authority for transportation of natural gas in interstate commerce , or seek appropriate rate authority from the Commission." Lorraine has forwarded a copy of the order to PNM so that they can begin taking the appropriate steps . I will talk with regulatory about technical conference dates and will tell you when I have further information . If you would like a copy of the order , let me know .
Elizabeth -- As we discussed , billing will need to take place pursuant to Section 30.8(e ) ( i.e. , refund or credit to the releasing shipper) . Here is the language you requested for our posting: In accordance with Section 30.9(f ) of the General Terms and Conditions of Transwestern's Tariff , Releasing Shipper shall remain liable to Transwestern for payment of reservation charges and any applicable surcharges . If you need anything further please don't hesitate to call .
Please see the attached in connection with sales of capacity options on TW .
Tony & Frazier -- several comments from TW Commercial . Page 1: Streamlined Credit -- what does "interested parties" mean ? parties interested in bidding , or parties interested in us having a look at their credit ?  Probably need to make this clear; on first reading , looks like obtaining credit approval ahead of time is optional . ( Don't we want everyone to get approval ahead of bidding?) . Page 2: you state that "individual bid transactions are kept confidential." What is confidential: the identity of the shipper ? the bid itself ? In TW's IOS , we post the individual bids as they come in , but do not post the name of the shipper . We feel that the posting of the dollar amount bids helps us get a higher rate as shippers bid against each other , and likewise recommend online bids be posted in real time . I notice you call them "sealed bids" on page 4 -- not true if we're going to show them . Page 3: why not request a little more emphatically that shippers establish creditworthiness at least several days in advance of bidding ? Especially since we plan to attract brand-new shippers by offering this service . Our credit dept . folks would probably appreciate not having to do it all between 2 and 4 on bid day . If we're asking that shippers submit bids to 3 decimal places , our example should be to 3 decimal places ( e.g. , $0.351) . Page 7: "an" Capacity Trading Agreement should be "a" Capacity Trading Agreement . Page 8: So we don't appear low-tech , let's go ahead and tell shippers we plan to have the Request for Service and the service agreement available for online submittal at some point in the near future . Also , we've never asked shippers to submit a Request for Service with each bid . A shipper may bid and re-bid several times over the bidding process . They really only need to submit the Request for Service at the time of , or prior to , the first bid . I recommend stating "You must submit a Request for Service prior to making your initial bid" so they don't think they have to submit a new one every time they revise their bid . Page 9: Under "When TW will Respond": need to specify how notification will be sent . Page 14: Column that says "Price" should say "Rate" ( for a second there we thought you were talking about gas prices) . Also , please use example rates that are more realistic for TW ( in the $0.240 to $0.299 would be great... ) Thanks for all your hard work on this . I'll be here if you have any questions . Tony Pryor Tony Pryor
When the Commission granted Texas Eastern authority to hold capacity on another pipeline in Texas Eastern Transmission Corporation , 74 FERC P 61,074 ( 1996) , it stated that when a pipeline holds capacity on an upstream pipeline , the downstream pipeline's customers may hold title to the gas transported on the upstream pipeline . The Commission recognized this as one of the limited exceptions to the shipper must have title rule . Specifically , the Commission stated: The downstream pipeline will not hold title to gas shipped on capacity it has acquired on an upstream pipeline . Rather , shippers on the downstream pipeline will hold title to the gas on the upstream pipeline . We will allow a pipeline to hold the upstream capacity; we will not , however , allow the pipeline to hold title to the gas being shipped . Thus , the downstream pipeline will be the shipper on the upstream pipeline , but will not hold title when the gas is being shipped . This results in a limited exception to the rule that a shipper must hold title to gas being shipped . I believe that if we can address the Commission's other concerns about this filing , they will grant a similar waiver for this transaction . You can feel free to pass this along to your contact at PNM .
HOROSCOPE: Weekly For May 15-21: You're moving away from one base of operations into another . Your priorities and basic requirements are also shifting . You find yourself relying less on something you've clung to in the past -- and moving closer to something newer , fresher , and more invigorating . You've got a rage to live and a burning desire for peak experiences . Middle of the road choices won't do it for you . Your hankering to push the envelope could get you into hot water with the old guard and certain close associates or relatives -- possibly because they're afraid of being replaced . But the genie is already out of the bottle , Aquarius . You can't unlearn what you've already tasted . Change is rolling in on its own power now . Go with it . .  .  and try to enjoy the ride . .  . 
HOROSCOPE: Weekly For May 2000: Reassess your goals and friendships . Things have changed . Are you satisfied with your job , relationships , and immediate future ? May brings things to light that have been buried or disguised . Take a cool calm steady look at what surfaces . .  .  and decide if a change in direction is warranted . It's clear that your work scenario needs refurbishing and your daily schedule cries out for major rehab . But first and foremost , you'll get your second wind by dropping tension and frustration mid month , increasing the probability for better relations with friends , coworkers , and relatives . Try to establish healthy , positive change no later than the Full Moon . Take steps to insure your financial and business future on or before May 28 .
The Word of the Day for May 19 is: *1 : of , relating to , or caused by witchcraft or the supernatural : magical 2 : of strange or extraordinary character : odd , fantasti Example sentence: "Hagar , the witch , chanted an awful incantation over her kettleful of simmering toads , with weird effect." ( LouisaMay Alcott , Little Women ) Did you know ? You may know today's word as a generalized term for anyth unusual , but "weird" also has older meanings that are mor specific . "Weird" derives from the Old English noun "wyrd essentially meaning "fate." By the late 8th century , theplural "wyrde" had begun to appear in texts as a gloss for the Latin name for the Fates -- three goddesses who spun , measured , and cut the thread of life . In the 15th and 16t centuries , Scots authors employed "werd" or "weird" in th phrase "weird sisters" to refer to the Fates . William Shakespeare adopted this usage in Macbeth , in which the "weird sisters" are depicted as three witches . Subsequent adjectival use of "weird" grew out of a reinterpretation of the "weird" in Shakespeare .
Mike , please see the attached . The first document has Transwestern's revisions highlighted . If this meets with your approval , please execute two originals and send them to me . Please call me if you have any questions . Susan Scott Transwestern Pipeline Company 1400 Smith St. , Room 4788
Steve , attached for your reading pleasure is the testimony we've filed in the GIR proceeding .
The man who thinks he can do without the world is indeed mistaken; but the man who thinks the world cannot do without him is mistaken even worse .
Well , I wanted you to have something to open ON your birthday . Greetings from San Francisco ! I'm told we're having "earthquake weather" today . Don't know what that means , but it sounds scary ! Hi to K . and G. !
In response to your inquiries about whether TW's tariff allows the format posting , bidding and awarding of capacity in our EnronOnline proposal , here is my 2 cents' worth . The criteria for awarding capacity is found in the Right of First Refusal section of TW's tariff ( for some reason that's never been clear to me) . See Section 13.A . ( Sheet No . 18): "All available capacity shall be allocated under these procedures , and Transporter will not maintain a firm transportation queue." The ROFR section does specify the posting and bidding procedures ( including a minimum one month period between posting and the bid deadline -- See Section 13.D. ) but arguably these timelines only apply to the ROFR bidding process , not to an open season for other capacity . Even if the one-month minimum bid period did apply outside the ROFR process , the EnronOnline proposal complies by giving shippers at least a month to submit bids ( Tony -- am I right about this?) . The only other relevant part of our tariff is the EBB/Internet section of the General Terms and Conditions ( beginning on Sheet No . 72) . TW will continue to comply with all provisions in this section . The section even specifically provides that shippers may request service and contract electronically . I've found nothing in else in TW's tariff that would appear to address an online open season one way or the other . I believe our tariff gives us the flexibility to sell capacity online as we've proposed to do . Hope this helps . If you want to discuss this I'll be here most of the day , and I will be reachable by e-mail while I'm in San Francisco next week . My hearing does not start 'til noon Houston time on Tuesday , so if we need to talk Tuesday morning you can reach me at my hotel ( 415.398.1234) .
Tried to print a blank form without success . Is there any other way I can get one , so I can do some rough drafts of my reviews on my business trip next week . Please advise .
Christine , this looks fine to me . Please circulate to the appropriate people for approval with a notation that Appendix or Exhibit whatever provides that the quantity goes to zero during Apr-Oct . If you need to reach me , I'll be logged in from about 9 to 10 a.m . your time before I go to our hearing here in SF . Sorry for the late response; it's been a little crazy out here !
Approved .
Since the market affiliate rule looks at business units rather than the function within the business unit ( or any firewalls that are set up) , since he works for ECT I have to say I would be uncomfortable putting him on the distribution list . I know that he has access to the same info , but to give him access to our work product is probably a violation of the rule . I am out of town , but if you have any questions please e-mail or leave me a voice mail , and I will reply after my hearing today .
Since the contract quantity goes to zero in Nov.-Mar. , they pay no reservation charge in those months , so effectively the rate is zero for those months . I suppose we could draft it either way and logistically it would work . We used a similar structure in a deal we did earlier this year , if I recall correctly . Also -- I agree that we would need to file this as a material deviation if SWG agrees to include the capacity release provision . In case FERC does not like the provision for some reason , do we want to provide that disapproval by FERC will invalidate the whole contract ( see language in the recent USGT contract) , or do we want it to invalidate just that provision and let the rest of the deal stand ? It would depend on how much value the parties are attaching to that provision and whether we would want a chance to renegotiate...and I am assuming we would . Christine , let me know which is preferable and I'll send you some language in the a.m .
Mike , please see the attached , which incorporates the changes we discussed yesterday . If this looks acceptable to you , please sign two originals and forward them to me . Thanks . Susan Scott Transwestern Pipeline Company 1400 Smith St. , Room 4788
Glen , at page 1020 of the transcript of yesterday's proceedings , the judge asked you and Norm Pedersen to work with various other parties to develop an exhibit reflecting capacity at the California border . The judge mentioned she wanted to discuss the exhibit this morning , so I am surprised that you did not attempt to contact me to get Transwestern's input or at least to let us review the exhibit . I would like to review the exhibit as soon as possible . I am out of town but you can either e-mail it to me or fax it to 941-466-2198 ( before 3 pm PDT) . Also , I should be reachable on my mobile phone ( 713-494-5002 ) or by voice mail at my office ( 713-853-0596) .
Glen , thanks for the quick response . The process the parties agreed upon yesterday is acceptable to TW . Sorry to hear there was an emergency at home; I hope all is well by now .
Luckily , we will have input re . the exhibit , and if SoCal does not cooperate to make it accurate , we will be able to file our own with an explanation . Lad is such a weasel . Why don't we try to talk sometime this a.m .
Tony , I thought there would be a case that stated that if an interstate pipeline posts the criteria under which it will evaluate capacity bids , it must stick to those criteria and not award the capacity to a bidder on some other basis . It seems a simple enough extension of the principle that capacity must be awarded on a nondiscriminatory basis . However , I did not find any case that stands for that exact proposition . As you may be aware , the Commission made Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America ( NGPL ) come up with a way to ensure that it awarded capacity one a nondiscriminatory basis...because NGPL was found to have been giving preferential treatment to its shippers . NGPL's solution was to come up with an auction process , and there is a whole line of cases if you're interested . The underlying presumption is that if you set up a system under which all capacity is awarded and stick with that system , there is no way you could be acting discriminatorily . But of course the Commission never comes out and says this even though it should be obvious . Probably the best we can do is extrapolate from 1 ) the tariff and 2 ) the NGA ( doesn't it also say we have to provide service on a not unduly discrim . basis?) . Also , in your memo I'd give an example; i.e. , if we notify shippers of our auction process and set a deadline for bidding , but then award the capacity to Sempra ( assuming Sempra requested capacity after the posting) , we will have unduly discriminated against all the other shippers who had to participate in the auction process . Maybe in future postings on Enrononline we should include a statement to the effect that the capacity posted will not be awarded except thru the Enrononline process . Now for some trivia . Remember we were discussing with Shelley whether we could post a different method ( other than that prescribed in the tariff ) for determining best bid ? In my Westlaw search I ran across the relevant case . In Northwest Pipeline , 85 FERC P 61,335 , the Commission stated: "The Commission has previously given pipelines the leeway , in open season provisions , to either include in their tariff a single non-discriminatory bid evaluation methodology , or provide themselves the flexibility of choosing different non-discriminatory bid evaulation methods for different transactions , provided that the pipeline posts the bid evaluation methodology before the bidding process begins." The only problem is I am not sure we have that "flexibility" since the tariff does not expressly allow us to post a different method . Maybe next time we do a tariff cleanup we could add some language allowing us to do so . I have to move on to my next project but if you want me to comment on what you write I'd be happy to .
If I remember correctly , we'll need to paper the additional Sempra capacity , either with an amendment or a separate agreement . I'll be in the office by about 9:30 and we can talk about it then .
Phil Richardson and Sarah Tomalty of Dynegy say that they would probably ( i.e . subject to management approval ) withdraw their protest if we would amend our proposed tariff language to limit the quantity of capacity we can acquire from PNM to 20,000/day . Their chief concern is to prevent TW from becoming simply a broker for another pipeline's capacity ( which has never been our intention) . Lorraine is discussing this with Steve to see whether this is something we could live with . The Commission has expressed the same concern in the past , so this might make them more comfortable with our proposal too . Comments ? let me know .
I know that you've already indicated that you will circulate a draft of the late-filed exhibit by Friday , but if you have a draft we could look at sooner , that would be great...TW's business people who need to look at it will be out at the beginning of next week . Thanks .
Something's up with our e-mail , but I did receive it finally . Thanks .
I would expect that Sarah Tomalty will attend anyway to make sure we make good on our promise .
Brian , Transwestern has reviewed your draft exhibit responsive to Judge Biren's inquiry on June 7 . We appreciate your work on it and generally agree with the exhibit and the approach taken by SoCalGas . However , we think it appropriate to balance simplicity with the need to be responsive to Judge Biren's questions . See the attached marked-up version of the exhibit . We've attempted to streamline the data provided for "non-Wheeler" points , and to clarify the footnotes regarding Wheeler Ridge . Also , we've modified the numbers regarding the TW Topock lateral to accurately reflect the lateral's 400 MMcf/d physical capability . We've also made some minor formatting changes . Let us know what you think . Jeff Fawcett Susan Scott Transwestern Pipeline Company
Tony , I'd love to see our posting on EnronOnline -- do you know if there's an easy way for us "insiders" to access it ?
You got mail from Norm !
In response to your inquiry , Transwestern would first like to clear up the terminology being used here . As you know , currently SoCalGas doesn't assign "primary rights" to deliveries off of any interconnecting pipeline . The establishment of tradeable rights for intrastate capacity is among the issues currently under consideration in the GIR proceeding . However , if what you are asking about is what has been the historical or otherwise available receipt capacity for Transwestern deliveries at North Needles , then let me offer the following . Transwestern has always operated on the premise that SoCalGas could physically accept up to a maximum of 750 MMcf/d at its North Needles receipt point . Consequently , Transwestern has sold firm transportation to its interstate customers for west flow deliveries to North Needles not to exceed the 750 MMcf/d limitation . Our west flow mainline capacity is 1.09 Bcf/d .
Mike -- Thanks for the input...we stewed over this for a while but decided to respond ( as briefly as possible ) rather than give Norm a chance to whine to the judge that we were being uncooperative in this somewhat unusual exhibit drafting process . Jeff's answer is consistent with what will appear in the exhibit ( and from what one can find out about TW in numerous of our FERC filings , for that matter) . If Norm tries somehow to make Jeff's response part of the record you can bet I will object...if it's not on the record already , or on the face of this one late-filed exhibit , it should not be allowed into the record . Apparently Norm has also called Rich Hall with annoying questions . I don't plan to respond if he contacts us with any follow-up , but will let you know if he does .
WRONG! !
Mike , obviously this is unacceptable . Norm's exhibit contains factual inaccuracies we cannot live with . I'm assuming the rest of the group will react similarly and Norm will be stuck filing his own exhibit . Your thoughts ?
Brian , just so you know Transwestern's reaction , Pedersen's exhibit contains factual inaccuracies we cannot live with ( e.g. , footnote 4) . If he wants to file his own exhibit he is certainly free to do so . We don't plan to offer any comments to Norm regarding his exhibit at this time . With regard to the exhibit you sent us yesterday , while Transwestern feels there are many different ways to characterize delivery capacity to the border , and we probably would have drafted the document differently , we would support SoCal's filing of the exhibit with the Commission as it is currently drafted for purposes of this proceeding . Any questions or comments -- let me know .
I'm planning to be out August 28 - Sept 1 .
Read the very bottom... . Compliments of your minion .
( just so you know where we ended up last Fri. )
Brian -- TW does not agree with the changes proposed by El Paso . If we need to discuss this further please e-mail or call . Thanks . Susan Scott Transwestern Pipeline Company
Amazing that TW has not one but TWO people doing this job . Your tree-saving efforts are admirable .
Attached is a preliminary draft of a filing for capacity options on Transwestern . The attachments include a filing letter , proposed tariff language and a proposed form agreement . Obviously there are still quite a few details to be worked out . I am distributing a draft at this early stage in hopes of initiating a dialogue about the larger issues first . A few that come to mind are whether we want to commit to selling options online , how best to explain or justify the option fee , and what specifically in the industry has changed such that FERC should depart from existing policy and allow TW to essentially reserve future capacity for shippers . Please let me know your thoughts on these and any other issues . I would prefer to wait to discuss comments on wording , other conforming changes to the tariff , and other comments concerning form until after we have resolved the substantive issues . Thanks .
With regard to capacity release I think we will have to give the replacement shipper the cash-for-fuel option , because what if we have sold capacity that was created by the releasing shipper's buying fuel from us ? If the replacement shipper suddenly starts shipping fuel , that capacity goes away . ( It's sort of like the EFBH/resulting forward haul problem) . Probably we should require that the cash for fuel election automatically transfer to the replacement shipper . This would probably have to go into our tariff someplace when we make our FERC filing; otherwise it might run contrary to our current tariff provisions and practice . Another solution might be to just sell resulting capacity as LFT , daily FTS-1 or even FTS-3 capacity ( with some modifications to the FTS-3 Rate Schedule , of course) , which would allow us the flexibility not to schedule on certain days . For longer-term deals this might not be practicable , though . Further questions...let me know .
Ramona , "total cost commitment" in TW's tariff generally means total revenue to be received from a transaction , taking into account reservation rate , the term of the commitment , and the commodity revenues associated with any minimum throughput commitment the shipper may make . Obviously some of these items aren't applicable in the PNR context; the language must have just been lifted from another part of the tariff . For PNR we would just multiply rate times number of days the service will be used . Practically speaking , I'm not sure how this is done if you have an interruptible service with no throughput commitment , but I think you should just be able to use the number of days in the contract term . If there's a tie ( i.e . more than one shipper willing to pay at or above max rate) , we just allocate the capacity pro-rata . We do not have to offer a right to match .
This may appear to be somewhat of a random email , but I assure you there exist some semblence of reason . I remembered you mentioning that neither you nor Pat have ever made a pilgramige to Blanco's . So...I thought I should let you know that there is live music and cold beer on tap tonigt at the Big B . Anyway it should be pretty good . Music starts at 9:00 .
Hi Mum ! If you want to come to Houston for the July 8 art crawl , that would be fun . I plan to meet more of the gallery owners and talk to them about what they do . Who knows , having my own gallery might actually become part of my long-range plan . If not , I will have met some interesting people . If you want to come to Houston sooner , I do not have much going on after my Sat . a.m . class at Rice , although I do have to catch a plane to D.C . on Monday morning . The week is going OK . All the tennis and swimming has left me with sore muscles so this is my night off . Am planning to do some more house chores so I do not end up with another weekend like the last . I'm still planning on coming to Austin next weekend , I'm just not sure when , but I'll let you know . Call if you get lonely ! Love ,
Transwestern/PNM filing ( Docket Nos . RP00-249-000 and RP00-249-001): Technical conference will take place on June 27 , 2000 , notwithstanding Dynegy's withdrawal of its protest .
Thursday night was indeed a blast . I think my cohorts were ruing my existence by the end of the evening because I didn't have to go to work Friday ( wedding in Dallas...very fun) . I'm sure you managed to have an all right time in SF as well . I am definitely up for a bucket of beer this week . It's supposed to be sunny and warm all week long and I can think of nothing that goes better with that than cold beer . As for Austin , I have a wealth of information on the subject that I would be more than happy to share . Susan
Yes...I am a true Longhorn . I think that's why I like Steak Night so much . I mean how can you beat sitting on a deck , drinking a beer and solving the words problems ( OK. , 2 out of 3 ain't bad) . Anyway , Wednesday night sounds good to me , although , given how work has been going lately I doubt I'll be able to get there before 7:30 . Just do me a favour and forewarn Pat that Emily may be attending so he can prepare properly ( I don't want any bloodshed) . I think a couple co-workers are also planning on coming so it should a good group . Susan
So far I have not received comments from anyone on the attached . If you think it would be productive to get everyone together ( possibly as early as Friday? ) for about an hour to discuss capacity options , I will set up a meeting . Please let me know one way or the other . Thank you .
Appoved . See the attached which has some minor changes .
Tony -- here's an excerpt from PG&E's tariff on curtailment of service . If you are curious about any of the rest of their tariff , see the "Gas Rules" portion of their website at
Tony , here's another page that has a Gas Quality section .
Hey Ted , Just wanted to check and see if you guys are still going planning on going tonight . We have been having some major systems issues today so I'm about to really throw myself into my work in an effort to get out of here at a reasonable time . Susan
Never fear . I've asked Janet to set up a meeting on Fri . and to make sure the core group of you , Drew , Steve and I can attend . If anyone else can attend too , great . If not , I'm sure we are going to have more than enough input on Fri .
I'm saving this message , by the way . Your characterization of Omaha may be worth money someday .
Hey ! I think I'm planning to come to Austin sometime on Sat . Bill won't be coming with me because he has 3 trial settings on July 3 , what a drag . I will probably go home on Mon . afternoon . Our friends are having their lake house party on the 4th . Tell Jim to bring his gear and we'll go hit some . Can't wait to see Gbug ! You know Mema is going to be really excited to see her eat carrots . ( I think she's coming in on Sunday. ) I was regressing yesterday and found this website , which I think you would appreciate also: See you soon !
Here is a quick summary of our meeting on capacity options on TW . Bill Cordes , Steve Harris , Shelley Corman , John Buchanan , Tony Pryor , and members of the TW Commercial Group ( including Jeff Fawcett ) were present . 1 . The group all agreed that while it is probably a good idea to mention that the options could be sold in an online format , we do not want to limit ourselves at this point and should probably just state that a notice will be posted on the TW website whenever we have options for sale . 2 . Price: the filing needs to include a discussion of how price will be determined , and how capacity will be awarded . We might also need to include an estimate of how much revenue options will generate in the first year . 3 . Need to add a short explanation of where TW will get the capacity if a shipper exercises its call option . 4 . Should frame the service as requiring an exception to current Commission policy on reserving capacity...not asking Commission to abandon its policy altogether . 5 . May need to address: assignability of options; limitation on damages for nonperformance . 6 . Timeline: - Turn around a new draft and get further comments ( July 3 week ) - Get Market Services started on its analysis of the new service - Begin contacting customers to get their buy-in ( Lorraine already has a producer/customer very interested in supporting our filing ) - Start the process of getting Board approval ( sales of options require Board approval at Enron ) - Meet informally with FERC to discuss ( Shelley is working on ) - Make the filing at FERC ( we did not try to specify a date yet ) If you have any further comments please let me know . I am going to try to get a new draft out by next Friday a.m .
Just back in from my front yard -- a military jet of some sort is circling my neighborhood and making a tremendous racket ! Several of my neighbors were also out , so I was not the only one staring at the sky . I don't know whether we'll see fireworks later or if we've already missed them . Jose and Gigi's party was attended by more kids than ever . There were a lot of West U parents I did not recognize , but there were some lawyers from the Latin American section that I know , so we had at least a few people to talk to . We did not stay long , just had some of the good Goode & Company BBQ , helped Gigi with the pinatas , and got home around 7 . The traffic on I-45 was really starting to pile up so I am glad we left when we did . Enjoyed the weekend and I'm looking forward to your visit . Love ,
Hi yourself , Glad to hear you all had a good time in Thailand , although I get the impression you could have done without some of the sights . Mom thinks it must be fate that this guy and I keep bumping into each other . Along those lines , I had an absolutely incredible weekend . I drove to Harlingen Saturday morning/afternoon ( 5 hr . drive ) for a friend's wedding and then drove to Austin to meet up with Emily on Sunday . We ate at Guerro's and then hit Cedar door for a little while . There wasn't anything going on there so I suggested we try Cedar Street . Funny thing is Ted , that's his name , walks by our table at the bar . He stopped to say hello and ended up sitting down with us the rest of the evening . His friends joined us as soon as they had been shot down by the girls they had been trying to woo . We ended up going to Polly Esters for a little while to do some dancing . Before we parted ways he asked if we had any plans for Monday night and got my cell phone number . Needless to say I was feeling pretty good . He called us Monday and we made plans to meet up after dinner -- we ate at Sullivan's , it was very good . His birthday is July 4 ( how great is that? ) so I brought him one of those travel size bottles of Crown from the honor bar as a birthday gift...Big Hit . Anyway , spent the whole night talking and getting to know each other and all I can say is he seems like a really good guy . ( One of the best signs was his reproach of denim shorts on guys , especially cut-offs...be sure and tell Chuck about that one because I know it's something he feels pretty strongly about as well. ) So at this point I'll pretty much just run through the stats: Weight : about 225 lbs . Education: UCLA ( undergraduate and MBA ) AND Law School (  I'm not sure where ) Birthday: 7/4/69 -- YES , he was born in a different decade than me...think it may be more of an issue for him than me . Hometown: Santa Barbara , CA ETC: Youngest of three children . Appears to like/be close to his family . Irish Catholic ( we actually discussed religion ) His dad was in the Navy Favorite Movies -- Fletch , Caddy Shack...he definitely has a good sense of humor and likes to laugh He really likes Texas...would like to have a ranch/lakehouse somewhere in the hill country Best Quotes: "Every California guys idea of a dream girl is a girl in jeans a t-shirt and cowboy boots." "Every Texas girls idea of a dream guy is a guy who lives on a ranch , has an good education , is comfortable financially and is also a great businessman . Only problem is there are only four of those guys out there and three of them are married." "Texas girls have the ability to wrap a man around their finger quicker than any group of women I've ever met." "I really want to learn how to two step." So , as I'm sure you can tell there are definitely some attractive characteristics to this guy ( to boot he was a complete gentleman in every capacity) . There are no plans as of yet , but I will be sure to keep you informed of any progress . Write back soon and let me know how the apartment , the job hunt and everything else is going . Susan
Ted , Getting back to work has been a bit of a challenge after a weekend of indulgence and excess . It took everything I had to get in the car and start the drive back to Houston Tuesday night ( especially since I stopped by my sister's and tooled around on Lake Austin in the boat for a while before heading out) . As for the birthday shot , you are quite welcome - it was the least I could do . After my expenditures over the holiday , I will definitely be in town this weekend . So , dinner Saturday sounds good . As it stands right now , I am having a very pleasant day and I hope you are as well . Susan
Since I am swamped I've asked Steve Stojic to take a first crack at it .
Lorraine , I have no problem with Larry's proposed change or his reasons for the change . However , I would ask that we eliminate the word "volumetric" as that has other connotations in the FERC tariff world . I.e. , if we were truly to have "volumetric" rates ( like Northern ) we'd have to file a whole new rate schedule ! I just don't want to use this word . I don't think it's necessary in order to convey Larry's meaning . Why don't we insert: "on a daily basis only to the volumes for which such other alternate points are utilized" . If Larry wants to talk about it I'm happy to . If he comes up with any more issues I am sending him to law school as punishment .
thanks , Donna -- good work .
Steve , apparently I'm developing an overactive imagination when it comes to FERC decisions . In Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Company , 74 FERC ?  61,102 , reh'g denied , 75 approved LFT services , the Commission accepted the pipelines' statements that they would not sell capacity that is not available ( i.e. , will not double-sell) , rather than limit the service in some way or reject the filings . In Iroquois Gas Transmission System , L.P. , 79 FERC ?  61,394 ( 1997) , the Commission approved of the pipeline's selling of capacity that becomes operationally available for various reasons from time to time . But I have not been able to locate the general statement along the lines of "pipelines can use their own discretion to determine whether capacity is available" that I thought existed .
Ted , I spoke with Shanna a little while ago about your friend and the apartment and she said she was fine with the deal . Talk to you later . Susan
( I haven't reviewed this yet but will have a chance to this afternoon. )
Here's the draft I referred to in my e-mail -- let me know if you have comments or questions .
At PNM's request we are not going to say anything about long-term having a higher priority than short-term , because their tariff simply does not reflect this . Unfortunately it would have made our argument stronger if we could have said it , but . . . Anyway , I like what Steve has done here . If there is no objection I'm going to have him make the change described above and file it tomorrow .
Dear Judge Biren: Attached is an electronic version of Transwestern Pipeline Company's Opening Brief , which will be filed with the Commission today . Susan Scott Transwestern Pipeline Company
Hey yourself , Actually , my day is going very well . It just so happens that my trader is out of town all week so , except for a few stressful phone calls this morning to assess the market , the day has been relatively uneventful . All I want to know is how do I get your hours ( or should I say lack thereof) . Anyway , my roommate and I had already made plans for tonight , but a movie tomorrow night sounds good . Just fill me in on the details . Susan PS - I'll be purchasing my neon , leopard-print cowboy hat shortly .
Attached is Transwestern Pipeline Company's Opening Brief which was filed yesterday .
Paul , governing law in paragraph 9 needs to be Texas . If this is a problem , give me a call because we'll need to discuss it with Drew . Subject to this one change , I approve this agreement .
Just because your trader is out of town on vacation doesn't mean he can't get a hold of you and make life less than pleasant . How a person can be in Hilton Head , SC and still sound like he's going to have a heart attack is beyond me .
Thanks for the joke , it provided me with a well needed chuckle ( You and Darren definitely have too much time on your hands) . As for the hat/casual western theme , we are going to have to go to make a trip to Blanco's or Tin Hall sometime so I can don the full regalia .
Attached for your review is a draft of Transport Options filing that incorporates the comments and suggestions I've received since last week . Please provide any further suggestions/changes to me as soon as possible , but in no case later than close of business , Friday , July 14 . The timeline I've discussed with TW Commercial for this project is as follows: Final draft comments Friday , July 14 Circulate draft to customers , customer meetings , time for customers to respond , informal discussion with FERC Mon . July 17 - Wed . July 26 Final internal review/edit of filing Thursday , July 27 FERC filing Monday , July 31 Please let me know your comments on this proposed timeline as well . Thank you .
Hi Mum . Sept . 29 sounds great; I have always wanted to see Chorus Line . So go ahead and order tickets if you like . I think I might be skiing in the Park City area in December . Allie's wedding is Dec . 16 . at Sundance . If you and Eric planned your trip then , you and I could hit the bunny slopes together . I want to take lessons , and stick to the easy runs . No way am I getting more injuries; I am creaky enough as it is . Bill is still hoping to go to Sweden in September to buy his Volvo wagon . I have really lost my enthusiasm for the trip and would rather go to Mexico , and have told him so . So I'm not sure what will happen . Are you interested in going to San Miguel for the running of the bulls ? Hope the Hip Abductors are not demanding too much as ransom . Love ,
Number 8 made me think of you.. . Top Ten Signs Your Amish Teen is in Trouble 10 . Sometimes stays in bed till after 6am . 9 . In his sock drawer , you find pictures of women without bonnets . 8 . Shows up at barn raisings in full "Kiss" makeup . 7 . When you criticize him , he yells , "Thou sucketh!" 6 . His name is Jebediah , but he goes by "Jeb Daddy." 5 . Defiantly says , "If I had a radio , I'd listen to rap." 4 . You come upon his secret stash of colorful socks . 3 . Uses slang expression: "Talk to the hand , cause the beard ain't listening." 2 . Was recently pulled over for "driving under the influence of cottage cheese." 1 . He's wearing his big black hat backwards . AND , get ready for August
Oops , I meant to send this note to Mary Darveaux instead -- my apologies !
Ted , I tried to send this page a little while ago and I think it failed . So , you may have to actually drop this address into the netscape location section to bring up the site . Anyway , there seemed to be a pretty good selection on the web . Still , I think the one on this page best captures the kind of image you're looking to project . If you'd rather shop around try these ( there are some outstanding designs).. . Disclaimer: Please realize these sites were sent in jest . If you actually don any of the items contained within them I may be forced to sever all ties and deny ever having known you .
Drew -- I've looked at this and it is fine; really does not deviate from what we have posted before . One issue that arose Friday was whether our all-or-nothing approach ( i.e. , shipper must take all 49,000 dth of capacity or none at all -- or all 20,000 or none at all ) constitutes tying . The 49,000 package includes 35,000 to North Needles and 14,000 to Topock . So if a shipper wants the Needles space it has to take the Topock space too . This looked like a clear case of tying to me until I remembered that this capacity is now , and has been , posted and available and any shipper can bid on any part of the Needles space right now if they wanted to and we'd sell it to them without making them take the Topock space . That'll be true during the IOS too -- i.e. , nothing can stop shippers from bidding on the Needles space outside of the IOS process . This is just a situation in which we're putting a special package together with the expectation that the price will reflect the fact that the less desirable Topock space is part of that package . Does this make sense to you ? If not , give me a call .
There is nothing wrong with simple and understated when it comes to a non-native Texan acquiring western wear . Remember slow and steady wins the race . One needs items they could wear at any given time ( Red Wings a simple classic hat)...not just to the Vail Rodeo . -- I'm intrigued...what exactly is the Hawaiian Biker ensemble ?
I spoke with Steve Stojic about this and he had the same concern . Even though I was trying to keep this out of the new rate schedule requirements by not making it a rate schedule , I believe I still managed to cover many checklist items . One that is not covered is testimony similar to what might be filed in a rate case , in order to justify market based rates . We are planning to include a revenue estimate . I'll go over these and make sure everything is addressed before filing . Are you OK with this filing from a general conceptual standpoint ? The marketers want to start giving a draft to customers for them to review beginning TODAY .
Fifth grade assignment The teacher gave her fifth grade class an assignment: Get their parents to tell them a story with a moral at the end of it . The next day the kids came back and one by one began to tell their stories . Kathy said , "My father's a farmer and we have a lot of egg-laying hens . One time we were taking our eggs to market in a basket on the front seat of the pickup when we hit a bump in the road and all the eggs went flying and broke and made a mess." "And what's the moral of the story?" Asked the teacher . "Don't put all your eggs in one basket!" "Very good," said the teacher . "Now , Lucy?" "Our family are farmers too . But we raise chickens for the meat market . We had a dozen eggs one time , but when they hatched we only got ten live chicks . And the moral to this story is , don't count your chickens until they're hatched." "That was a fine story Lucy." "Johnny do you have a story to share?" "Yes , ma'am , my daddy told me this story about my uncle Bob . Uncle Bob was a pilot in Vietnam and his plane got hit . He had to bail out over enemy territory and all he had was a bottle of whiskey , a machine gun and a machete . He drank the whiskey on the way down so it wouldn't break and then he landed right in the middle of 100 enemy troops . He killed seventy of them with the machine gun until he ran out of bullets , then he killed twenty more with the machete till the blade broke and then he killed the last ten with his bare hands." "Good heavens," said the horrified teacher , "What kind of moral did your daddy tell you from that horrible story?" "Don't fuck with Uncle Bob when he's been drinking."
Hey Math-Wiz , I completely understand your plight . I too am suffering a two o'clock , post-lunch slump ( the coffee is simply not working at this point) . Anyway , I think a change of clothes prior to Steak Night is probably a good idea . Also , driving tomorrow is not a problem.. . just let me know the gate code , apt . # , etc . Along those same lines , what time did you want to head over there ? ( For better-safe-than-sorry reasons , due to my job , I think no earlier than 7:30 p.m . is our best bet. ) Hope you're having a lovely day and don't work too hard ( Ha!!) . Susan
Sounds good to me...Coincidentally , a made service will be coming to clean my car this evening Susan
Ted , My day is going quite well , actually . I managed to sleep in past 6:30 a.m . this morning and did not work-out so I'm feeling pretty good . I'm not sure if I'll be able to respect you in the light of your "rule-breaking" , but I'm going to try to look past that . I'm heading to lunch right now - yes , I am actually leaving the building - so the day just keeps getting better and better . As for last night , I had a really good time too and am glad you were able to look past my bad manners and agree to go out Friday . Talk to you soon . Susan -- By the way , I'm very relieved to hear about the buckle .
For discussion this a.m .
According to my research , this project ( which involves construction by TW of a lateral consisting of about 40 miles of at least 16" pipe to provide service to a power plant ) would require a 7(c ) certificate . Do you concur ? Any comments ?
Ted , I think you had , at one point , asked me if the first U.T . football game was Labor Day weekend . It is actually the weekend after Labor Day ( Sept . 9 ) against Louisiana-Lafayette at 11:30 a.m . So basically it should be a very challenging game and relatively cool ( Ha!) . Hope your day's going well . Shorty FYI - U.T . plays Stanford at Stanford Sept . 16 ( 7:15 p.m . kick-off )
After our IOS adventure last week , I put together the following questionsthat need to be resolved . Some of them have needed to be resolved for quitsome time . Tony , let's talk since I think some of these have already beendiscussed and maybe resolved in the context of developing TW's EnronOnlinesite , and I just need to get up to speed . To the extent there aren't answers yet , I'll get busy researching . Drew -- comments ? Shall we all get on thephone & discuss this ? List of TW contracting issues 1 . Reevaluate the following in the context of current FERC negotiated ratepolicy: a . Transwestern's current form discount letter states: "[t]he total charshall include all applicable surcharges." Should this language be revisedand if so , how ? b . Transwestern usually charges one-part rates , and includes language inits discount letter stating that Transwestern shall allocate the combinedrate between the reservation and commodity components inclusive of surcharges . Are one-part rates really negotiated rates ? material deviatiofrom the tariff ? c . Transwestern's discount letter includes a statement that in no eventshall the contract rate be greater than the maximum or lower than the minimum rates provided in Transwestern,s tariff . This was intended as assurance that the contract is not a negotiated rate . Is this language still effective ? necessary ? a . When should IOS be conducted , if at all ? b . Once notice of IOS or EnronOnline bidding has been posted , can the subject capacity still be sold off-line ( i.e. , pursuant to traditional bidding procedures) ? c . Is our system for IOS and EnronOnline set up to handle max rate biddinsituations in a nondiscriminatory manner and in compliance with the bid evaluation procedures in the tariff ? If not , what changes need to be made ?
Tony , the idea we had discussed at our meeting with Drew was somehow acquiring capacity on El Paso in order to access the South Needles interconnect with SoCal . Currently SoCal lets El Paso deliver to S . Needles but does not extend the same privilege to TW . I'm unsure how it would work . TW does have a couple of interconnects with El Paso's system . I would simply say in the memo that one solution to the constraint at Topock might be to get some shippers to switch to South Needles , and deliver gas to South Needles after twisting SoCal's arm and letting us in , or somehow acquiring capacity on El Paso ( or otherwise using their system ) to access South Needles . Obviously we will need to flesh this out from an economic , regulatory and legal standpoint . I will discuss it with Jeff when he returns . My apologies for the delay . Call if you have any questions or comments to discuss !
No probola ! It will be good to have an excuse to go to NM . Maybe I will go this weekend . So glad you had rain over the weekend ! We did too , and we had had a dry spell for almost as long . I hope it was not too late to save my back yard , which was starting to smell like cooked grass . Bill and I are on the outs . He just will not do what he needs to in order to make things work , so I have given up . Of course now he is trying to be charming . Anyway , I will have to tell you the whole story some other time . The kiddies are going back to school already so now would be a good time to plan a trip to D.C . at last . Maybe early Sept ? Also I'd be game for a girls' trip to Destin . Time to work ! Love ,
Hey Bo , I was checking on some flights for myself and happened to look at one-way tickets from New Orleans . It looks like the refundable , no-advance purchase ticket is going to run you about $100 on Southwest...Lucky for you they do offer a senior citizen fare for $55 ( age does have its advantages) . Sissy By the way , I didn't even realise John Cleese and Denise Richards were in the movie...and evidently at some point Bond hijacks a submarine . Roger Ebert actually thought so much of the film he gave it 3 and 1/2 stars . We may have to watch this one at some point . "The World Is Not Enough" is a splendid comic thriller , exciting and graceful , endlessly inventive . Because it is also the 19th James Bond movie , it comes with so much history that one reviews it like wine , comparing it to earlier famous vintages; I guess that's part of the fun . This is a good one .
Ken , here are the confidentiality agreements that should be signed prior to our providing information to our vendors . Each agreement should be printed as duplicate originals on TW letterhead , and signed by an officer of TW . I understand that Mike Nelson is out due to a death in the family; Steve Harris is out this week also . Perhaps Julia White would be willing to sign in order to expedite things . If you have any questions or need further assistance with any aspect of these agreements please do not hesitate to call ( x30596 ) or come by .
A good wit is a terrible thing to waste.. . As for the pick up , the Sissy Crawford taxi is at your service . Just name the time and place . Also , there is no need to forego the nice fun restaurant for tomorrow night just because I have to be a smart-ass every once in a while .
As you can see I am primed to crack the top ten at the next tournament... . Women's International Rankings Pos Id Surname First Name Ctry I/C Ind Pts T/C T/Pts Comps Points 3 1839 MARTIN Camilla DEN 11 4327 Crawford Sissy USA 7 Now this is an intense web site |
Well , Larry just won't let go of these contract issues , will he? ? I believe the answer is that SWGas will always be billed based on the one-part rate , regardless of how we choose to allocate the rate components . My understanding is that the reason we reserve the right to allocate the components is simply for internal accounting purposes , to keep any one component from exceeding the max or going below the min . Hope this helps; let me know if you have further questions !
Here is the revised bullet sheet along with the draft agreement .
Approved
Hey Handsome , I am taking every step to ensure that I leave this building at a reasonable hour today . Unfortunately , it is "bid-week" ( Nat Gas trading thing which translates to beaucoup deals/trading ) so the odds are somewhat stacked against me . Anyway , I'm going to say that as it stands right now 8:00 p.m . is definitely do-able . However , I do reserve the right to alter my estimate when we get closer to 4:30 p.m . and I have a better idea where I stand . Don't let them work you too hard down there...remember , your body's not used to it . Susan
Thanks Keith . Feel free to coordinate with Jeff to put together a meeting to get the info you need . I do not know the answer to your questions offhand , and Ron is out this week .
This should be so much easier; Foti is not cooperating so I am having to spend time hunting down his Co . # and RC # , which hopefully Estalee will be able to provide . I reiterate my position that lawyers are not the ones who should have to do this . Rest assured I'll follow through on this one and Lia Hernandez , but I also feel we need to approach Dave Schafer and ask why this is something HR is not capable of taking care of .
Needs to be an officer or someone with power of attorney . Ordinarily , you do not have power of attorney unless there is board of director approval authorizing you to sign contracts on behalf of the company . The point is to make sure someone signs it who is authorized to bind the company to the obligations of the agreement; otherwise they could argue later that the agreement is not valid .
I'll drive you to the airport tonight...IF I get to come over for a swim Sunday . ( Believe me , my motives are purely selfish - your pool is so much "cooler" than mine. ) -- By the way , even with our slight car problem I had a great time last night . You're really going to have to stop being so much fun to be around or you'll never be able to successfully ditch me ( although last night was a valiant effort) .
Look at you trying to bring me out of my shell . I don't know if I'm really ready though to meet so many new people . Remember...I am a shy , retiring
Okay , okay...The real Susan is back . So , do you think I should sport the leopard pants to the party ? By the way , your personal taxi service is on call Sunday so just let me know when you need to be picked up ( you're flying out of intercontinental , right?) .
I've managed to "handle" myself for almost 24 years just fine , thank you very much...Evidently someone thinks they're pretty irresistible .
Hi Mum ! Sorry I have not called you back . I have been out late every nite and trying just to keep myself in constant motion . Am on the trading floor this week and can't really talk b/c too many ears . But I'll give you a call this afternoon . Our little bar examinee is alive and well . They've changed the schedule so the exam was over yesterday instead of Fri . She joined me and my work crowd last night at La Griglia and we ordered champagne . So I've already celebrated appropriately ! What do you think of my Destin idea ? talk to you soon Love ,
Matt , here are redlined and clean versions . Let me know whether the revisions are acceptable . Thanks , Susan
Evidently , in order for us to actually watch a movie we have to physically go to the theatre . Somehow we keep missing that critical step in the home viewing experience...namely the viewing .
As you requested .
Okay , I'm dying to know...What was wrong with the car ? Along those same lines , did you get them to bring the car to you here or do you have to go get it . ( Don't forget I need to get your parking pass to you. ) As for the home vs . theater viewing...I seem to be more of a home-body these days as well .
Here is the agreement with the changes you requested .
Here is the latest draft of the filing for transport options . Significant changes include: - added definition of Counterparty - added captions and reorganized the filing to more clearly reflect compliance with 154.202 - included an explanation of how the option fee will be part of a negotiated rate - added an example of how options will work I think we need to decide whether we are better off with the type of option fee explanation I have in this draft , or whether we should instead state the fee will be market based , and include an explanation that , pursuant to the Commission's discussion in Order 637 , market based rates are appropriate because we are going to commit to an open season process that will be nondiscriminatory and that will ensure we aren't withholding capacity from the market . Can we have a conference call to discuss your comments this week ? I will have Janet call to determine your availability .
Hey , I know you are monumentally busy this week , but if you get five minutes today shoot me back an email and let me know if you know any of the Associates below . They are all going to be at the dinner tonight so any info that would boost my B.S . factor would be much appreciated . I seem to remember you mentioning John Massey on a couple of occasions but I have , albeit very rarely , been known to be wrong . Hope your day is going well and that you aren't having to carry Darren too much . Evan Betzer Jay Epstein Bill Keeney John Massey Kevin Ruscitti Jennifer Adams Gautam Gupta Claudio Ribeiro Doug Sewell -- I finally watched the movie last night . I laughed , I cried...it became a part of me . Honestly though , it was a very funny flick . So did John or Fritz pass along the "Bible" to you ? ( Whoever it was you can thank them for me. )
Matt -- are you going to have Snake Hill sign as well ? I can e-mail the agreement to him if you prefer . Thanks . Susan
You have just received the "Aggie Virus"!! ! Since Aggies arn't very smart and don't have any programming experience , this Virus works on the honor system . Please delete all the files on your hard drive , and manually forward this Virus to everyone on your mailing list .
Thanks for the info...you are a wealth of knowledge . As for the jokes , I am very afraid and yet undaunted . Do me one last favor and tell Darren I said he's a real funny guy and that there will , at some point , be appropriate pay-back .
You know I was just teasing , right ? And , no dating is definitely not a bad thing . As for being or not being fortunate enough , just remember...your good enough , your smart enough and dog-gonnit people like you . Have fun tomorrow night and try up that fortune .
I do not see any problems with this .
Christine , see the attached . I've changed paragraph 8 to be like our last posting , and added in a sentence saying ties will be decided by lottery ( but omitted reference to the lottery provisions of our tariff this time) . My only other comment is that I think the group needs to discuss beforehand how a shipper's request for alternate points is going to be treated . As currently drafted , this notice prohibits shippers from conditioning bids on use of alternate points at the bid rate , which calls into question our granting the winning bidder use of alternate points at a discount . If we do intend to let the winning bidder shippers use alt . points at a discounted rate , we should take this statement out ( end of paragraph 5) . If we're still living in a max . rate world , though , this really is not much of a concern since use of the alternate points would also be at max . rate . Any questions -- give me a call .
FYI .
Lorraine , here are a few notes from my review of the Val Verde contract , and my initial impressions . Let's talk more about how to approach the issue after we meet with Ron tomorrow about MAOP . 12/31/92 Interconnect Agreement: Sec . 1.3 specifies pressures and states that unless there is an agreement to provide firm compression service TW will accept up to 200,000 on an interruptible basis . Sec . 2 states that the Blanco Hub MAOP shall not be exceeded . Sec . 4.2 limits damages ( no consequential damages) . The contract also has a fairly standard force majeure clause . 2/18/93 letter amendment: Sec . 3 obligates TW to provide firm compression service in order to accept 200,000 into TW's system ( provided MOGI has pressure of at least 650 and quantity of at least 140) . Acknowledges that this is an agreement to provide firm compression in accordance with Sec . 1.3 of 12/92 agreement . 9/25/95 letter amendment: Increases quantity to be received at the interconnect to 250,000 once the San Juan expansion is effective . My initial conclusions: It is pretty clear we have an obligation to accept 250,000 on a firm basis , provided that Burlington complies with the pressure requirements . Probably the only way we can avoid this obligation is if accepting 250,000 would cause us to exceed the hub MAOP . In that case we can argue impossibility of performance . Also , we could avoid the obligation because the summer heat above certain temperatures constitutes force majeure . This argument is strengthened by the fact that temperatures seem to have gotten hotter over the years . The fact that we entered into our most recent agreement with Burlington in January of this year weakens the credibility of our arguments ( they will say we should have known by now) . Burlington might try to argue that we have an absolute obligation to comply with the agreement , even if it means expensive system modifications . That argument is not a very strong one because the agreement contains no such affirmative obligation and in fact quite clearly describes the facilities that are the subject of the agreement .
( You know you haven't sent me any funnies in a while either . I'll let it go for now since you're working so hard...but you're going to have to deliver at some point. ) 1 . Question: If you could live forever , would you and why ? Answer: "I would not live forever , because we should not live forever , because if we were supposed to live forever , then we would live forever , but we cannot live forever , which is why I would not live forever." ---Miss Alabama in the 1994 Miss USA contest 2 . "Whenever I watch TV and see those poor starving kids all over the world , I can't help but cry . I mean I'd love to be skinny like that but not with all those flies and death and stuff." ---Mariah Carey 3 . "Researchers have discovered that chocolate produces some of the same reactions in the brain as marijuana . The researchers also discovered other similarities between the two , but can't remember what they are." ---Matt Lauer on NBC's Today Show , August 22 4 . "I haven't committed a crime . What I did was fail to comply with the law." ---David Dinkins , New York City Mayor , answering accusations that he failed to pay his taxes . 5 . "Smoking kills . If you're killed , you've lost a very important part of your life." ---Brooke Shields , during an interview to become spokesperson for a federal anti-smoking campaign . 6 . "I've never had major knee surgery on any other part of my body." ---Winston Bennett , Univ . of KY basketball forward 7 . "Outside of the killings , Washington has one of the lowest crime rates in the country." ---Mayor Marion Barry , Washington , DC 8 . "We're going to turn this team around 360 degrees." ---Jason Kidd , upon his drafting to the Dallas Mavericks 9 . "I'm not going to have some reporters pawing through our papers . We are the president." ---Hillary Clinton commenting on the release of subpoenaed documents . 10 . "China is a big country , inhabited by many Chinese." ---Former French President Charles De Gaulle 11 . "That lowdown scoundrel deserves to be kicked to death by a jackass , and I'm just the one to do it." ---A Congressional Candidate in Texas 12 . "It isn't pollution that's harming the environment . It's the impurities in our air and water that are doing it." ---Former U . S . Vice-President Dan Quayle 13 . "Without censorship , things can get terribly confused in the public mind." ---General William Westmoreland And last but not least -- a parting word from Dan Quayle: 14 . "I love California . I practically grew up in Phoenix."
Hey Hot Stuff , I know how much you love these spoofs so enjoy . Hope your having a good day or at least , given the circumstances , a tolerable one . Shorty
In Mark Baldwin's June 19 letter , he proposed the following fee schedule for project development: Retainer: $1000/month plus expenses Accepted project ( meets TW's predetermined financial hurdles): Proposal $5000 Each month TW actively negotiating project: $1500/month ( each project ) Letter of Intent: $5000 Signed Agreement: $10,000 Incentive Fee: To be determined When I spoke with Mark , he explained that this schedule was based on reaching certain milestones in the development of individual projects . In his letter he also proposed monthly fees for regulatory services ( $5000/mo. ) and market development services ( including SoCal OIR related services -- $3000/mo.) . This e-mail addresses the project development fee structure only . The recently expired Market Development agreement with IGS provided for a one-time retainer of $15,000 and a monthly retainer of $5000 , plus expenses , and an incentive fee structure for any agreement between Transwestern and third party "identified by IGS under this agreement." As you know , the "identified by" language presented us with some ambiguity in the case of the Southern Energy Gallup Expansion contract , in which both IGS and the TW Commercial Group worked on the deal . Fortunately , the ambiguity worked to Transwestern's advantage in that case , but my understanding is that in ongoing dealings with IGS both parties would prefer more specificity in any future consulting agreement . Mark's proposal represents a step in the right direction because it provides for payment on a per-project basis . This immediately eliminates the "identified by" problem because we won't be obligated to pay him unless and until he identifies a project we're interested in him working on . I propose that we define some general terms and conditions in an enabling agreement . If Mark brings us a project we want to pursue , we will pay him according to these terms ( and any other terms and conditions tailored to the specific project , as needed) . For each project , we would simply enter into a short letter agreement referencing the enabling agreement . I've outlined the agreement below as a starting point for discussion . The numbers are Mark's; we'll have to discuss whether they are appropriate . I've omitted any payment for a letter of intent because since they are nonbinding , letters of intent are of little value to Transwestern . Call me after you've reviewed this and let's discuss how you want to proceed . From time to time during the term of the enabling agreement , IGS may present brief , preliminary project proposals to Transwestern . If Transwestern desires IGS's assistance in developing a particular project , it will so notify IGS in writing and shall execute an agreement with IGS adopting the following terms and conditions: 1 . Retainer for project development: $1000/month plus expenses . Project development shall include but not be limited to: research , due diligence , market analysis , negotiation with counterparties ( to the extent specifically authorized by Transwestern) , reporting to marketing representatives of Transwestern as requested by Transwestern , and preparing a detailed written proposal . Transwestern and IGS may agree in writing to other project-specific requirements . Transwestern shall continue to pay the retainer each month until a definitive agreement is signed with the counterparty or Transwestern notifies IGS in writing that it has decided to terminate the project . 2 . If Transwestern accepts the project described in IGS's written proposal ( or with modifications after reviewing the written proposal) , it shall pay IGS a fee of [the lesser of] $5000 [or ___% of the net present value of the project] . "Accepting the project" means that the project meets Transwestern's financial , regulatory and other criteria and the Transwestern Commercial Group has obtained the necessary officer approval to pursue the project to completion . Accepting the project and paying IGS pursuant to this paragraph in no way obligates Transwestern to pursue the project to completion . 3 . If Transwestern signs a definitive agreement with a counterparty for the project , it shall pay IGS $10,000 . Additionally , the parties may negotiate an additional incentive fee ( to be agreed upon and documented at the outset of the project) . ( I will also include provisions on termination , confidentiality , etc.) .
I know how much you're looking forward to "Ted's Weekend of Rest and Relaxation" and I also realize that carting me back and forth to the car dealership wasn't exactly on your list of things to do ( bear in mind the dealership is roughly 5 minutes from your apartment)...So , I'm offering you an out . I can find someone else to help me if you want to bail ( I know how important your pool-side time is - Remember it's all about you and your needs." Just let me know . FYI: Galveston does not look like this.. .
Here is a chart cross-referencing Gas Daily price points with points of TW , for purposes of imbalance valuation . If you have questions call Jeff or me .
Hey , My week is actually going very well so far ( my trader left around noon so today should be a piece of cake) . I know you guys have been working really hard the last couple of days , but I hope it paid off and the presentation went well yesterday . However , given your comment about y'alls idea getting the axe in the short term , I'm not sure that was necessarily the case . Anyway , I'm sure at least your steak dinner was a hit ( so were you able to resist the red wine this time , you lush?) . In keeping with my very serious nature ( yes , you heard me serious) , I've attached little story for you...I got a pretty good chuckle out of this one . PS . - Thanks again for carting me around and feeding me Saturday...I , as usual , had a great time . Oh , and by the way , kudos to both of us for actually making it through a home movie Subject: FW: FW: Southwest Airlines
There is no pleasure in having nothing to do; the fun is in having lots to do and not doing it . -Mary Little
Maybe you should ignore the sentiment of the quote I sent earlier...I think you may be adhering to it too faithfully . At this rate we may have to start pinning notes to your shirt to remind you to do things . However , having driven with you on several occasions I feel confident you will be able to pass the test with flying colors . Keep in mind though that if you end up failing I will not let you forget it ( and , as we have established , I have the memory of an elephant) . I'll keep discussion of me to a minimum and just say that things are well on 32 . Now back to what's really important...you . Thought you'd like to know that the Dixie Chicks are coming back to Houston Dec . 12 and will performing just down the street from you at the Compaq Center...it's all about you and your needs .
Yesterday Jeff Fawcett , Lee Ferrell and I met with Dynegy marketing and legal/regulatory representatives regarding TW Transport Options . Overall the meeting was very positive . We had nothing but encouraging remarks from the marketing representatives . However , the regulatory people ( Sarah Tomalty , Ed Ross ) had a couple of issues . The biggest issue is a marketing affiliate concern . Apparently Dynegy is on a crusade at FERC to place further limits on deals pipelines can do with their marketing affiliates . They have run into situations in which pipelines ( examples: Koch , El Paso ) have blatantly favored their marketing affiliates to the extent that Dynegy cannot even do deals with them . ( In fact , one of the problems with Koch has been Koch's price option deals with its affiliate. ) The perception is that the affiliates , by using "funny money," can always make themselves the highest bidder , with a net benefit to the entire organization ( pipeline + affiliate) . The remedy Dynegy is proposing is to require a marketing affiliate , if it is the highest bidder , to credit back the difference between the price it pays and the price offered by the next highest bidder . The presumption is that the affiliate has an unfair advantage because it is able to pay above market value in order to get the capacity . Dynegy's proposal would encourage affiliates to pay "real" dollars . While it emphasized its belief that TW does not favor its marketing affiliates , Dynegy would like for us to include in our filing some limitation on options transactions with marketing affiliates . It is likely that other pipelines will file for the ability to sell options once FERC approves our filing , and Dynegy would like for this type of protection to be part of the precedent set by our filing . Ed hinted that FERC may be considering a divestiture requirement for marketing affiliates , and that pipelines can avoid this extreme result by voluntarily limiting their transactions with affiliates . Shelley , I know you've discussed this issue with Ed already and our reactions were the same . Basically we politely told Dynegy that we don't believe we're part of the problem and that we are therefore not inclined to unnecessarily disadvantage our company by further limiting ENA's ability to do business with TW . We can probably expect an intervention with comments or a limited protest addressing the issue . The other regulatory question was whether we intend to file each option deal as a negotiated rate . My analysis of this issue is that since we're proposing the option fee as part of the transport rate , options would always be a type of negotiated rate and would need to be filed . If you think this is not the right answer , please let me know because we need to decide it before we file the tariff sheets . Sarah's question seemed to be more one of curiosity rather than a basis for protest . Like the Indicated Shippers , Dynegy appeared interested in an all-customer meeting to discuss the service . Jeff and the rest of the commercial group are looking further into whether and when we would have such a meeting . If you have any questions or concerns please let me know .
Hey Tonto ( a.k.a - the trusty , but silent , side-kick to the Lone Ranger or in this case the Big D ) The play was very good and I think well received . I'd forgotten how blown away I was by some of the songs the first time I saw it in NY . The cast members really have to have incredibly powerful voices to pull off a few of the most poignant numbers (  I think this could be your true calling) . I caught the third day of Corey's Jeopardy run last night here at the office ( yes , I had to come back after the play...I love my job!) . Anyway , I'm sure I'd mentioned it before but yes she is a very smart girl . As a result of that , she has managed on several occasions over the years to detract from my enjoyment of playing Trivial Pursuit or watching Jeopardy by absolutely obliterating me ( The girl actually did her senior thesis on Trivia) . Kori told me she saw you last night at Steak Night and introduced herself since I failed to do so the last time we went . I should let you know though that she was very offended this morning that you didn't spell her name right in the email - I mean it's such a common spelling . So was Darren there last night to meet her or do you just think they'd make a good match ? She's a very fun girl . Hope you day is going well and that the move to 30 went off without a hitch . Good luck with all of the "fun" meetings . Shorty -- Due to the lack of response yesterday , I'm beginning to worry about your success with the road test...I'm going to assume that you didn't get around to it .
Hey there yourself , Sorry I haven't written you guys in a while to keep you properly updated . I am indeed checking on flights to Seoul and don't think I'm going to go at exactly the same time as my parents . As much fun as they are , I figured we would probably do some different things than what you have planned for them . As for Ted , things are still going well although I haven't see him at all this week ( we are two very busy people) . But , we had a great laid back day last Saturday and I think have hit that comfortable stage...you know , not quite so formal about dates etc . In one sense it's great , but it also makes things a lot harder to read . Anyway , I'm sure my Mom told you guys but Travis and Kathy got to meet him and I think it went well . Hopefully , if we're still dating come December , you and Chuck can meet him when you come back to visit . I'm planning on dragging him to at least one of the U.T . games , I just have to find out when he wants to go ( as well as properly prepare him for the Scott/Kelley/Parks/Wild Card gang and the full-day affair that is a U.T . game) . Things in Houston are good and definitely warm . I went with Emily and her Mom last night to see the musical "Rent" and it was wonderful . Also , I'm going out to San Diego for the Labor Day weekend to visit Hoot's daughter Julie . Needless to say I am very excited . Talk to you guys soon , Susan
I've looked into whether we can terminate our Val Verde interconnect agreement with Burlington , and have determined we may do so only if we take the following steps: 1 . Terminate the OBA by giving 30 days notice to Burlington . Paragraph 13 of the 6/1/94 OBA with Burlington ( as successor in interest to Meridian ) provides that either party may terminate the OBA "at the end of the primary term , or thereafter by providing thirty ( 30 ) days prior written notice" to Burlington . ( The one-month primary term ended June 30 , 1994 and has since gone month-to-month. ) 2 . On the effective termination date of the OBA , terminate the interconnect agreement by giving 30 days notice to Burlington . The 12/31/92 Interconnect Point Operating Agreement , Paragraph 6 , provides that either party may terminate on 180 prior notice after expiration of the primary term . This is of limited use to us since the primary term does not expire until 12/31/02 . However , the paragraph also provides that the agreement "may be terminated by either party upon thirty ( 30 ) days prior written notice in the event the OBA between the parties is terminated." As we've already discussed , termination of the agreement is an extreme measure from a customer relations standpoint and we probably need to weigh our other options first . Let me know if you have further questions .
Drew -- here is Lorraine's update on the Val Verde situation that I mentioned in my previous e-mail . Recall that we've been unable to accept quantities of gas from Burlington because of the high temperatures at the interconnect in recent years . I've recommended that we seek amendment of the contract as soon as possible to reflect what we CAN do . The proposed amendment Lorraine is referring to , which Burlington rejected , modified our obligation to provide firm compression sufficient to accept Burlington Resources - Val Verde Plant - Michelle and I had a follow-up conversation with BR Thursday . I faxed the proposed amendment to BR Monday and we hadn't heard from them yet . They claim approximately $135,000/month in lost revenues because we are holding their production down . Michele and Darrell will work to pull together the data on exactly which days we have not been able to take BR's gas . I mentioned to BR that we were putting this info together , but they claim since they were told to back off to 180,000 - 190,000 MMBtu from about mid-June through July , our data would not accurately reflect BR's inability to schedule in excess of 180/190 . They will not accept our wording in the interconnect amendment , specifically "best efforts" and "subject to operating conditions on TW" , so we will need to revise this further . We offered alternate receipt point flexibility at Ignacio and alternate delivery point flexibility at El Paso Blanco on their Jackrabbit contract but they do not think this is sufficient to agree to amend the interconnect agreement . They have suggested we consider giving them a deeper discount on their San Juan - Waha contract ( 80,000/d , $0.14 , term 11/30/06) . The ball is in our court .
John , I think that sounds fine . I really have no other comments on the org chart or job descriptions . Thanks so much for your help !
First of all , I'm delighted you want to stay and would not have a problem with Deron moving in . However , in return I would ask for increased rent of $650 , to take into account the improvements you want and additional water use and wear & tear . After you read this let me know whether you think this is reasonable . I'll try to answer all your questions: Q . I believe you had mentioned some termite issues and I wanted to make sure that we would not be doing anything to cause the floor to collapse as we would be removing light items for heavier items . A . I really do not think it is a problem . In addition to the oak floor , there is a subfloor , so heavier items should be fine . I'd draw the line at a waterbed , though ! Q . The stove is a bit problematic.. . A . No problem to look into this . I'm sure it can be repaired . I will give the appliance folks a call . Q . Do you know if the garage apt . would support a 2nd line being installed ? A . I'm sure it will...go ahead and do it; if the phone company runs into any internal wiring problems let me know and I'll call my phone wiring dude . Q . Do you know if the washer/dryer connections in the garage part work for sure ? A . I have a bad feeling about those connections ! I'll get them up and running , and can get someone to haul the old washer off . Q . I am guessing that they would need to be gas , not electric ? A . I would strongly recommend a gas dryer because it is so much more economical . Plus you would not believe how much faster you can get jeans and towels dry than with electric ! If I have to get a new connection installed it will be gas if possible . Q . At one point , you had mentioned doing something with the kitchen floor as the linoleum has seen better days.. . Would it be possible to look into this ? A . I have always thought linoleum in a black & white checkerboard pattern would look really cute in there . It's cheap to install and fairly easy except I'm leary of taking on the project myself because pulling up the old stuff is going to be a you-know-what . I will call & ask my handyman , unless you and Deron are just dying to do it yourselves . Q . Do you know if any paint is leftover ? A . The color I used on the trim was Antique White semigloss; there should be some left in the garage . I'll check and if not I can pick up some for you at the paint store as I'll be going there this week or this weekend . The only additional issue I have is parking -- Dianna is staying with me and helping w/rent for the next several months and I'd like her to be able to use that middle space . I know it's a pain but either you or Deron would have to park on the street . The other option is to get one of the back garage doors working so there is access to the garage from the alley . If I did this do you think y'all would use it , or is that too impractical ? As for timing with the oven , W/D connections and kitchen floor , I'm taking the first full week of Sept . off and it would be easiest for me to get everything done then if that's okay with y'all . Call if you have further questions !
The counterparty for that deal is Enron Omaha and the contact is Larry Paulou . I am working on clearing up any other deals booked with the counterparty as New this morning . Let me know if there is anything else you need .
Your own personal palm pilot hard at work . As promised , here's a list of UT's games this season...color coded for your convenience of course . Sep 23 Houston , TBA Sep 30 Oklahoma St. , TBA huge game...the two teams meet halfway at the Cotton Bowl in Dallas ) Oct 14 at Colorado , TBA Oct 21 Missouri , TBA Oct 28 Baylor , TBA Nov 4 at Texas Tech , 2:00pm Nov 11 at Kansas , TBA Nov 24 Texas A&M , 3:30pm ( Thanksgiving Weekend ) All Times Eastern * Home games are in burnt orange...what else ?
I agree that the proposed facilities could be constructed under the prior notice provisions of TW's blanket certificate if the cost and environmental requirements are met . The facilities appear to meet the criteria for an "eligible facility" under section 157.202(b)(2)(i): they are necessary to provide service to Big Sandy within existing mainline certificate levels , and according to my research the facilities are similar to those that the Commission routinely has found to be eligible under a blanket certificate . The prior notice project cost limit for year 2000 is $20,200,000 . ( Sec . 157.208) . If the project is not within this cost limit we will need to seek a 7(c ) certificate . I've researched the incremental rate question and here's what I've been able to find out: In the context of a 7(c ) application , FERC generally requires use of existing Part 284 rates . This was the case when TW applied for a certificate to construct the San Juan lateral . TW requested a separate zone rate for the lateral in that proceeding but FERC stated that a section 7 proceeding was not the appropriate forum . The Commission stated , however , that it would be willing to entertain an abbreviated Section 4 filing by TW to revise its Part 284 rates to inclue zone rates for the lateral . So TW made a Section 4 filing and got zone rates approved based on the cost of service for the lateral . Whether we construct the Big Sandy lateral under the blanket certificate or not , it appears that we would have to file a limited section 4 if we want to implement rates for the lateral that are different from the West of Thoreau rates . As for whether an open season would be required , I assume it would not be if Caithness is going to fully subscribe the capacity on the lateral . However , if other shippers are interested and we want to get the best rate we'll probably want to have an open season . In any event , in the context of a 7(c ) application FERC is going to put us at risk for recovery of costs , so it would be to our advantage to sell 100% of the new capacity . At this point I am uncertain whether we even want or need different rates for the Big Sandy lateral...ultimately it will depend on the cost of the project and what rates would make it economic for TW to proceed . I hope this helps...if there are further questions or if any of this does not sound right to you let me know .
Same dude...and he is good . We're going to Steak Night tonight at Little Woodrows which of course makes me happy . Also , I just sent him a list of all the UT games so he can start planning to attend . As soon as he decides on a first game I'm going to have to start preparing him to meet the family and others . That's a lot of prep work .
Lesli , I am indeed the right person and will be happy to rebook the deals below . Just so you know , there are going to be several more deals that will need to be rebooked as soon as the CP's are set up . If you could just let me know when the new CP's are set-up I will rebook the other deals as well . Thanks , Susan
Fly me to the moon .
Somehow the "one-part rate" glossary item fell off of TW's list so I've revised it again .
Sorry I couldn't make it for cake last night . I had to work late last night...Big Shock!! ! Anyway , hope it was fun and that you're having a great week . Mine has been pretty busy work wise . I'm sure you're curious about Mr . Noble . All I can say right now is that , while I definitely still like him ( we had a great time Sunday) , I am some what annoyed with him right now...he's been very wishy-washy the first half of this week . I'm not real sure what I'm going to do about it , but I'm sure I'll think of something .
I owe Michele a call because she has a couple of questions . Will do after I finish options draft .
Janet , please meet with Denise ( tomorrow if possible ) to: - explain filing system - hand off filing projects you are working on ( anytime between tomorrow and next week is fine ) - explain how you do service lists for FERC filings . Also , one of you will need to contact the appropriate person to get Denise access to my Lotus Organizer . Don't know how to notify the mailroom people to deliver my mail to Denise's station but see if you can do this also . I spoke with Mike , and Emily is going to handle moving the phones . Merci beaucoup !
Denise , here are a few things off the top of my head . 1 . I mostly work for the Transwestern Commercial Group , which is the following cast of characters: Steve Harris Kevin Hyatt Lindy Donoho Jeff Fawcett Christine Stokes Michelle Lokay Lorraine Lindberg When I am not on 47 , I sit near their work area on 41 ( and forward my phone to x34516) . These are the people I'm most likely to have you organize meetings with , distribute things to , etc . Their assistant is Audrey Robertson . I lost our most recent phone list but please get one from her 2 . Usually I get in around 8:30 and leave around 6 . I'm not picky about when you're in the office; it is very rare that I will need you to come in early or stay late . I think I asked Janet only twice . 3 . Major projects I'm working on right now that you'll hear me mention a lot: - TW Options ( a tariff filing ) - Order 637 compliance - Caithness/Big Sandy ( potential pipeline interconnect ) 4 . Standing meetings: - TW Commercial Group staff meeting: Monday at 9:30 - Omaha regulatory staff meeting: Tues . at 8:15 . - Therapist: every few weeks Thurs . 9:00 ( if anyone asks , I'm in a meeting; but if they knew where I really was I'm sure they would understand! ) 5 . Faxes: I get faxes from Regulatory a lot and they generally don't call first . Please check the fax machine once a day ( and my chair , if I'm not on 47 that day , in case someone got a fax for me and put it there) . 6 . Mail: Please open my mail , and I'll try to come pick it up every day . 7 . Filing: I generally avoid keeping files of useless information . However , since I'm a regulatory lawyer it is inevitable that I will have a ton of paper to stash away where I can find it later . Filing is pretty important to me . I promise to try to let you know what files are more important than others so you can prioritize . The good news: I rarely ever go to the extent where I would have you index a file . Just putting things in the right folder is enough . 8 . Computer files: At the beginning of each quarter , please create a new Word file folder ( if you look under sscott you'll see I have 2ndqtr00 , 3rdqtr00 , etc. ) 9 . Calendar: Please obtain access to my Lotus Organizer , and if you get e-mails of meetings I'm supposed to attend go ahead and put them in the calendar . 10 . Friends you're likely to hear from a lot: Ann , Bill , my grandmother ( "Ms . Savoy") , Dianna 11 . The Other Susan Scott: There is a Susan M Scott who works for ENA . I get her mail and phone calls all the time ! Her extension is 31445 . Not sure of her location as it seems to change a lot . I look forward very much to working with you! !
Sorry I didn't get a chance to buy you a beer last night - we got there late . I owe you one . Hope you had a great birthday .
Well , this may go down as one of my absolute worst weeks ever . Hope yours was better and that you made a full recovery from Steak Night .
Okay , I have to admit it is somewhat of a pansy schedule and it is going to be like that for about the next three years . However , this season will give us the perfect opportunity to get all of our freshman and sophomores the necessary experience needed to win the National title two to three years from now . Mack Brown is a master at pacing a teams rise to the top . With the #1 recruiting class in the country last year and a top 5 class this year the future looks bright for the Longhorns . Besides , our stadium's on campus and we've sold over 40,000 season tickets...the games are bound to be fun regardless of how weak the opponents may be . Counter ? Shorty
Lexi , I will be able to attend and am going to try to get to Austin in time for the faculty lunch . I will let you know if I can make the lunch for sure after I've worked out my travel arrangements . Thanks , Susan
Agustin , You are right , the correct deal number for Industrias del Etileno is just Susan Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Cinderella in Her Later Years...... . Cinderella was now 75 years old . After a fulfilling life with the now dead Prince , she happily sat upon her rocking chair , watching the world go by from her front porch , with a cat named Bob for companionship . One sunny afternoon , out of nowhere , appeared the Fairy Godmother . Cinderella said "Fairy Godmother , what are you doing here after all these years??" The Fairy godmother replied "Well Cinderella , since you have lived a good , wholesome life since we last met , I have decided to grant you 3 wishes . Is there anything for which your heart still yearns?" Cinderella was taken aback , overjoyed and after some thoughtful consideration , and almost under her breath she uttered her first wish: "I wish I was wealthy beyond comprehension." Instantly , her rocking chair was turned into solid gold . Cinderella was stunned . Bob , her old faithful cat , jumped off her lap and scampered to the edge of the porch , quivering with fear . Cinderella said "Oh thank you , Fairy Godmother" . The Fairy Godmother replied , "It is the least I can do . What does your heart want for your second wish?" Cinderella looked down at her frail body , and said: "I wish I was young and full of the beauty of youth again." At once , her wish having been desired became reality , and her beautiful youthful visage had returned . Cinderella felt stirrings inside her that had been dormant for years and a long forgotten vigor and vitality began to course through her . Then the Fairy Godmother again spoke "You have one more wish , what shall you have?" Cinderella looks over to the frightened cat in the corner and says"; "I wish for you to transform Bob , my old cat , into a beautiful , and handsome young man" . Magically , Bob suddenly underwent so fundamental a change in his biological make-up , that when complete he stood before her , a man , so beautiful the like of which she nor the world had ever seen , so fair indeed that birds began to fall from the sky at his feet . The Fairy Godmother again spoke: "Congratulations , Cinderella . Enjoy your new life." And , with a blazing shock of bright blue electricity , she was gone . For a few eerie moments , Bob and Cinderella looked into each other's eyes , Cinderella sat , breathless , gazing at the most stunningly perfect man she had ever seen . Then Bob walked over to Cinderella , who sat transfixed in her rocking chair , and held her close in his young muscular arms . He leaned in close blowing her golden hair with his warm breath as he whispered: "I bet you regret having me neutered now , don't you?"
This one kind of gives you that warm , fuzzy feeling inside . Knowing that you are benefiting mankind by working for the Big "E" .
Read it and weep...Just let me know if you want me to bring some sand back with me in case you don't make it out there this weekend . I'm thinking I may need to get Julie to hook me up with a job like hers...if it will allow me to live like we're evidently going to this weekend . Shorty
Julie , Everything you have mentioned up to this point sounds incredible . I would love to see the symphony , got to a polo match or the races , etc . etc . I've made everybody here at work green with envy talking about my trip . I'm going to email you back tomorrow with a much more detailed response to your emails because I'm trying like mad to get out of work before 7:00 tonight . Anyway , like I said it all sounds great and I am very excited about the trip ( believe me it's much needed) . Susan I'll give you the exact times tomorrow , but my flight gets in around 9:00 a.m . on Saturday and doesn't leave until around 6:00 p.m . on Monday . Talk to you tomorrow .
Not sure of the topic of our meeting but here's the Options filing in case you need it .
Do we need to talk ?
Here is the draft for distribution . In addition to the customer-friendly "looking forward to meeting with our business partners" language I know you'll include , I'd suggest including something like the following: Attached are drafts of the proposed tariff provisions ( including the form of Transport Option Amendment ) and a filing letter . We are providing these draft documents to you in advance of filing them with FERC as part of a good-faith effort to resolve any remaining issues with our shippers prior to filing . The drafts are for purposes of discussion by workshop attendees only , and we ask that you not distribute them to persons outside your company . Additionally , while we hope that these drafts are close to being in final form , they are of course subject to revision and final management approval prior to filing with the Commission .
Hey Darren , I haven't forgotten that I still owe you a birthday beer . In fact , Ted was kind enough to point out my failure to do so and add to my already heavy feelings of guilt . Anyway , I know you guys are working hard getting your presentation ready , but if you need a break I'm planning on meeting a friend at Kenneally's tonight for a little pizza and beer . Let me know if you have any interest in collecting...if not , you can just hold on to your raincheck until another time . Susan
Attached is the proposed contract with Oneok . Since it is a maximum rate deal , there is no discount letter . However , I am circulating this for approval because it contains a special provision ( found in the "Other" section ) regarding marketing of capacity for release , as allowed by Section 30.8 of the General Terms and Conditions of Transwestern's tariff . Christine , you and Michele will need to fill in the address and account information . My sincerest apologies for operating outside the usual contracting procedure but since time is even more of the essence that usual here , I felt it was best to get a pro forma version of this out for approval as soon as possible . Please e-mail your approval to Christine and me by noon tomorrow if possible . Thank you .
The offer still stands but the location has changed...We're meeting at the Gingerman instead of Kenneally's ( so alas no pizza - but oh , what a selection of beer) .
The attached letter agreement reflects my discussion with Drew about the marketing fee . The FTS-1 Agreement will just be a plain vanilla agreement ( i.e. , minus the marketing fee language ) and the parties will execute the attached instead . Questions or comments -- let me know .
Lesli , All of the deals listed below have been rebooked to their respective counterparties . Susan
Julie , Sorry for the delayed response . I can't express to you how excited I am to be coming out there this weekend . After the last week and a half of work I am in desperate need of rest and relaxation ( that of course means lots of shopping) . As far as activities go , I'm pretty much up for anything . My guess is I'm probably going to want to take a quick nap when I get in Saturday morning before starting the weekend's activities , but after that I say we just get going . The symphony sounds incredible as do the races or the polo match so I'll just leave the final choices to your discretion . I would definitely be up for a trip to the zoo if you want to go , but considering I go there every time I'm in San Diego I could miss it in order to do/see some other things . The only things I insist upon are ample time outdoors and good seafood . Anyway , I arrive in San Diego on America West flight 2180 at about 9:00 a.m . and leave Monday at 6:10 p.m . so we've almost got three full days to work with . Love , Susan -- Also , if you could give me an idea of what kind of items I need to pack depending on our activities it might prevent me from committing gross
I thought you'd really like the one in blue . My fav's the one in red .
Hey Pavarotti , Hope you day is going well and that everything is coming together for the big presentation tomorrow . My day is going significantly better than yesterday so I am pleased . Plus , my friend just emailed me from San Diego to inform me that she can get us a great table to see the Symphony's last performance of the season on Navy Pier...so I've got that going for me , which is nice . By the way , what did you end up deciding to do about this weekend - or haven't you decided yet ( the latter would not surprise me in the least...you're a fly by the seat of your pants kind of guy or a slight procrastinator - - I always get the two confused) . Now for the rule-breaking . I realize it's already Wednesday but I wanted to see if you had any interest in going to grab a bite to eat or just a drink after work tomorrow or Friday night ( in light of our heavy work loads , etc . I hope you can forgive my rudeness) . Both you and Darren looked pretty whipped last night and I'm sure tonight will be more of the same...You better be careful , I think this project is starting to give you gray hair . Shorty - - I forgot to tell you last night that my 5 yr . old niece got in trouble on the way to school yesterday because she punched a little boy in the eye . Evidently , he was bothering she and her friend Reagan...I think my sister's biggest fears have now been confirmed , little Sally may have taken after her Aunt Sue Sue a little too much .
Lesli , Both deals have been rebooked . Susan
Em , Glad to hear that you arrived safely in your new home . I'm sure you'll be adjusting to the time change for a few days , but hopefully this time you won't get sick . Say , "Hi" to Katy for me and tell her I will email her soon to try and figure when is the best time to come visit . Now on to the business at hand . Thought I'd let you see the last email exchange between Mr . Noble and myself . Start from the bottom with my email and then read his response . I would love to hear your insight on it all . Here's my thought at this point . I think Ted is an EXTREMELY linear person , in that his focus can not be split between too many different things at once . To that end , I believe this project , to which he has dedicated many hours , has literally harnessed all of his attention . Realizing this , I'm not sure exactly how I feel about it - - - Any thoughts ? Sue
All legs of the deal have been rebooked . Susan
Deal is rebooked Susan
Sometimes I really worry about you.. . I know it's not kind to laugh at the misfortune of others , but I must say I was rolling when I read your email . It's a good thing I didn't send the other card I was debating over last night which alluded to the possibility of you and Darren spending too much time together ( not as funny in light of your shack last night) . So how did you explain your attire this morning to your MD ? Hope the presentation was a rousing success . Shorty
I think Ted needs to read this . No horse gets anywhere until he is harnessed . No stream or gas drives anything until it is confined . No Niagara is ever turned into light and power until it is tunneled . No life ever grows great until it is focused , dedicated , disciplined . -Harry Emerson Fosdick
FYI .
I haven't sent a quote in quite some time , but this one really spoke to me .
First things first.. . Yes , I am still alive...Things with Wonder Boy suck ( and for the time being I think we should refrain from calling him Wonder Boy)...I'll be leaving for Austin Friday night ( 1st football game of the season) , but will be back Sunday and definitely want to get together while you're in town . Hope all is well with you and that you had a fantastic holiday weekend . Mine was incredible!! ! I visited a friend of mine in San Diego and had the best time just hanging out , shopping , hitting the beach and attending the symphony ( on the water no less) . It was definitely a good trip for my psyche as Ted has been less than impressive going on almost two weeks now . I'm certainly not pleased about the situation , but at no point have I lost site of what a catch I am ( and if he's not bright enough to see or appreciate that fact then I don't think he's bright enough for me) . Talk to you soon , Susan
Em , I cannot believe you ran into Ben Affleck!! ! I'm sure it's just the first of many celebrity sightings you will have in Jolly Old England . I had an absolutely incredible time in San Diego with Julie . We went to the beach ( where I was able to lay-out and not sweat!) , shopped a ton , attended the symphony and got messages . All in all it was an extremely relaxing weekend . Yesterday , I was in Austin for a recruiting trip and got to see Corey's new house in Hyde Park - very cute . So I got back to work today , Wednesday , and still no word from Mr . Noble . Just to refresh , the last time I heard from him ( email ) was Thursday morning . You'd be proud of me though as I have refrained from any form of contact and plan to continue that route only deviating if/when it becomes necessary for me to have a formal close to things . I'm still hoping that will not be the case but am fully prepared for the possibility that my brief encounter with dating may be over for a while . Sue
Here you go Cynthia.. . Susan
Scott , Thanks for offering up your extra tickets to the game this weekend . As it turns out , I don't think I'll be needing them - My sister has extra tickets next to she and my brother-in-law . Hope you have a great time and maybe I'll see you at the game ( although given the crowd I'm not going to count on it) . Susan - - Looks like Saturday's going to be a balmy 90...better bring a sweater .
Lesli , Deals are rebooked . Susan
Thanks again for thinking of me . Lunch next week sounds good . Any day of the week is fine with me as long as we get started around 11:30 . Just let me know what day is best for you . Susan
Dolores , I was wondering who my best resource would be to talk to about the changes to the analyst program and how they affect me . Specifically , I wanted to get some more information on the Third-Year Analyst Rotation and its requirements ( as I am currently half-way through my second rotation) , as well as the different tracks available within the program . If you could direct to the proper individual(s ) I would really appreciate it . Thanks , Susan Scott
I think we have a winner . Main Entry: cir?cu?i?tous Pronunciation: ( ")s&r-'ky_-&-t&s Function: adjective Etymology: perhaps from Medieval Latin circuitosus , from Latin Date: 1664 1 : having a circular or winding course <a circuitous route> 2 : not being forthright or direct in language or action Also , you gotta love this quote: Truer words have never been spoken . Shorty
Gwen , Dolores Muzzy gave me your name as a contact for information regarding the redesigned Analyst/Associate programs . I am currently half-way through my second rotation with the Analyst program and was hoping to get a better idea of the different opportunities available to me upon completion of my current rotation . Although six months seems like a fair amount of time to plan my next move , I know how quickly it will pass and do not want to find myself uncertain as to what action to take to insure that I am heading in the right direction to meet my current goals . I would appreciate the opportunity to meet with you and discuss the aforementioned topics at your earliest convenience . If there is another individual you feel would be a better contact for me at this point I would be happy to meet with them as well . Thank you , Susan Scott
Aquarius - Horoscope Friday , September 8 , 2000 by Astronet.com Powerful forces are at work to challenge you on a new level of association . Travel may be part of the new game plan . Investigate the possibility of a move to a new locale . You might consider a home away from home as well . This is the time to express a latent talent or learn a new technique in relation to investments . You may have to work out some conflicts in a relationship , however . Don't let hurt feelings prevent you from making a new start .
Cheryl , The deal was done with one of the California Power Books . We use the ECC/RISKMANTRA to book any deal with an Enron subsidiary...not just Canadian deals . So , I don't think this deal has anything to do with the Canada office . Let me know if you need more information . Susan
Cynthia , All of the deals below have been rebooked except for the one in red . For some reason I can't find the counterparty in the system . You may want to check and see if it has been set up yet , if it has let me know the proper name ( I may be looking for the wrong counterparty ) and I will rebook it as well . Thanks , Susan Cynthia Gin
Christine , the "actual fuel usage" provision is probably a material deviation from the tariff , unless we cap the fuel rate at the maximum percentage stated in our tariff . I have added language to this effect . If we're using the "actual fuel" language because we anticipate that the fuel usage will exceed the maximum , and therefore we do not wish to cap the percentage at the maximum , we can certainly leave my additional language out and file a summary of the contract . I do not think such a filing would generate too much unwanted attention from FERC or our shippers . Let me know .
An incident with a love partner throws you for a loop , causing a bit of deja-vu . Dwelling on the past is wrong , wrong , wrong so don't ! Time to concentrate on the bounty of the present , tender crab .
I'm in . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
I was wondering if you had fallen off the face of the earth.. . It is definitely good to hear from you , I was just thinking about you today and wondering what you're up to . Things in Houston are pretty good . I went to San Diego over Labor Day weekend to visit a friend of mine there and just went to Austin this past weekend for the first UT football game ( I know you're not a big fan but they are very fun) . As for work , all is well . I'm actually going to meet with the development manager for the analyst program to discuss what my options are after this second rotation is up . Of course my goal is to do a rotation in London for a year and then get promoted to the Associate program ( so basically I'm going to ask this lady tomorrow what I need to do to ensure that outcome) . Honestly , I think my odds are pretty good . Glad to hear everything with you is going so well , not that I'm surprised . Congrats on the new responsibilites they must be keeping you pretty busy up there ( any trips scheduled to Houston in the near future?) . As for my social life...if you would of asked me a week or two ago I would have said fantastic , incredible , etc . Now , I just don't know . For the life of me I am never going to be able to figure out your gender . But as they say , "Hope springs eternal" and I intend to remain an optimist despite many road blocks . Talk to you soon , Susan
Elizabeth , Jeff forwarded me your questions about capacity options . I've answered them to the extent they involve legal/regulatory issues . If you need anything further please don't hesitate to call . ?  Can a new shipper who enters into an FTS-1 contract with zero MDQ in order to purchase a shipper call option or sell a transporter put option be allowed , prior to the exercise date , to transfer the underlying option rights by permanently releasing this contract ? YES . ?  Will we be required to report these contracts with zero MDQ on the Index of Customers and/or the Transactional Report ? YES . ?  Can the releasing shipper permanently release a portion of his existing MDQ and choose to keep or transfer the option rights ? YES . The shipper could even release all of its MDQ ( reducing it to zero ) and keep its option rights . ?  How is it determined whether a contract with an option amendment is within the min/max tariff rate or needs to be filed as a negotiated rate ? The option fee is converted to a per-Dth , per day rate and added to the transport rate . If the total exceeds the maximum tariff rate , it's "negotiated" . Otherwise , our position is that it's not negotiated . We are not 100% positive that FERC will agree with us on this issue .
How about tomorrow ? I have the new pro forma OBA in Word format , by the way . Should make getting a draft out easier . Here it is if you want to take a look .
. ..try not to get the juice in your eyes , it really stings Well , I'm sure you've already heard through Mom...but I think things may be kaput with Ted . I say "think" because he hasn't said anything one way or the other , it's just a vibe I have . So I don't think you guys are going to have a chance to meet him while your in Houston . Oh well , it was definitely fun while things were going well so I suppose I should focus on that . I just want to know why guys can be such , as dad would say , chicken shits ( excuse my language but the description fits) . But enough about me...So how are things with you guys . I hope all is well and that you're taking full advantage of all the 'culture' surrounding you . We went to the first football game of the season Saturday ( against Louisiana Lafayette) . Texas won 52-10 , and you wouldn't know if from the score but the 1st quarter was a little bit scarey ( 0-10) . Simms started the game but only played about 2 series before they yanked him and put Applewhite in to put some points on the board . Simms did come back in the second half and through a touch-down pass . The family's good and we're all excited to see you guys in the near future . Write back soon , Susan ******** Humor is the best medicine.******** So I'm thinking of taking the T-shirt Ted gave me from Beaver Creek and writing this on the back of it.. . I dated Ted Noble and all I have to show for it is this lousy T-shirt . Dont'cha love it ?
I think that ultimately I would feel OK about giving them #1 and #2 under the circumstances , if these guys are really that concerned about these issues . I really don't think TW is ever going to breach its confidentiality obligations . I need to get Drew's clearance for Colorado law; I'll get back to you .
. ..okay , maybe it's not THAT good but it's cooked and the beer is plentiful . Hey everyone , Just wanted to test the waters and see what kind of interest there was in doing Steak Night tomorrow night at Little Woodrows . I feel like it's been a while since we really rallied the troops and I know I have personally missed the interaction . It's also been a while since we've attempted to solve the worlds problems over cold Shiner and I think the world may be the worse for it . So , get back to me and let me know if anyone's up for an evening of eating , drinking and most definitely being merry . If it looks like 'a go' , I'll shoot everyone a follow-up email complete with ETA . The one and only , "If we could just get everyone to close their eyes and visualize world peace for an hour , imagine how serene and quiet it would be until the looting started."
Christine , I made a few changes for purposes of clarification .
Hey Darren , Thanks for the prompt response . Sorry you won't be able to make it , but I will definitely keep you posted regarding any future group outings ( especially since I still owe you a beer) . Glad you liked the quote , it does provide a good chuckle . If I'd have known you were going to be in London this week I would have forewarned Katy and Emily as they're both over there now as well - I assume you're there for work though and therefore a tad busy . Anyway , hope you're having a good time and not working too hard.. . Susan
Hey Katy , Sorry no correspondence in a while . I wish it was a case of no news is good news , but if you've spoken with Em recently you know that is not so . Anyway , I wanted to touch base with you regarding my visit to London . I of course want to try and time it when both you and Em are in town . So...I was thinking of flying out on Oct 4 and returning Oct 9 , that way I would have a weekend over there with y'all . I know you're planning a trip to Egypt around then so just get back to me and let me know if you'll actually be in London any of those days . Hope all is well with you . Talk to you soon , Susan
Thanks for the email . Your candid comments make me wish I was over there right now sitting in a pub with you and Katy drinking a pint . I am in full agreement that guys suck and have discovered through this situation an area in which 23 does not differ from 31...cowardess ( As my Dad so eloquently put it , "He's just chicken-shit") . So , the plan of attack for the time being is none . I am not going to do anything ( that means no emails , no phone calls , no nothing) . Of course it's a lot easier to say that knowing he's in an entirely different state vs . two floors down from me , so next week will be the true test . You will be happy to know , however , that I do have a good support system in Monique . She is a firm advocate of the "drop him and make him work should he happen to come crawling back" school . You know what really kills me though is the thought that , yet again , I will ultimately be disappointed by someone I truly expected more out of ( I keep thinking about all the times I said "I'm just waiting for the other shoe to drop." - well , it dropped ) .  Anyway , I've have decided to throw myself into work , books , exercise , etc . in a effort to distract my mind from other things - it's kind of working . I'm really glad you are in enjoying things so much right now . You have to email me back with more details regarding the new pad , like will there be enough room for me to crash there when I come to visit ( if not , I'm sure Nick would put me up - scarey) . Also , I sent Katy an email about coming to visit so hopefully we can get everything squared away soon . FYI: The Longhorns beat Louisiana Lafayette 52-10 last Saturday ( the game was fun , but extremely HOT!!!) , it was a real nail biter . Talk to you soon , Sue *** Don't worry about me thinking any of this is in any way due to a shortcoming on my part . I don't . Rather , I am convinced he wasn't expecting the full package when we first went out and as soon as he realized that I was , he freaked . I'm beginning to think it's more than just a coincidence that the last time we went out I let down one of the last walls I was holding up as far as trusting him and it was right after that that he started acting aloof . ( Things that make you go hmmm. )
I've discussed the "actual fuel" provision with Christine and Bob and made them aware that this is a nonconforming provision that would need to be filed , since the FTS-1 rate schedule provides that fuel payments are to be made according to the percentages set forth in the rate sheets . According to Bob's calculations , the actual fuel used by Duke under this contract is likely to exceed the applicable percentages in our tariff . I don't think FERC or any of our shippers would have any immediate objection to our charging actual fuel . However , I know that fuel is a sensitive issue on TW so I wanted to be sure to draw your attention to this provision . Let me know what you think .
You crack me up...I absolutely loved the trading analogy ( at times your insight is frighteningly dead on) . Don't worry about me though . I will be patient and remain optimistic , despite let downs . And , in no way , shape or form will I settle and end up with some dush . You would have been proud of me though , for the first time I was really able to let down a lot of those walls and be a little more vulnerable . I'm thrilled things are going so well with Shannon . I think your attitude about the whole situation is extremely healthy and mature ( it amazing what happens when you care more about the other person than yourself) . Talk to you soon , Susan * Be sure and let me know next time you're coming to Houston . We'll go grab a drink and have a good talk .
Hey Scott , Hope you had a good time at the game this weekend , despite the heat . I just wanted to see if you were still interested in trying to grab lunch this week . If you do , just let me know what day and time work best for you . Thanks , Susan
Thanks Robert , this is a big help . Just wondering -- you make the statement that "El Paso is not directing TW to build the interconnect facilities..." Do you think that our having an interconnect agreement outlining the specifications for the facilities and setting forth certain indemnities weaken our position at all in terms of saying this is not a CIAC ?
Hi Mum ! What an eventful few days it has been . Sorry I didn't call over the weekend . I had my hands full painting my bedroom ! It took forever ! Luckily I got the color right on the first try: the Happy Yellow looks pretty good . Saturday I hauled my paint-covered self to the Met for a pro-am tennis tournament , which was fun . It was a benefit for DiverseWorks , the theater/art group I've been interested in joining . In fact , yesterday I got a call from their executive director asking if I was still interested in board membership , and that they would be voting on me tonight ! I'm really excited and am expecting good news . This could be an auspicious start to life after law for me ! Sure enjoyed my visit to Austin . It went by too quickly ! I hope you're having a good week; let me hear from you ! Love ,
Cynthia , I had to adjust the NGI-Socal index price in the spreadsheet which resulted in a loss of $264,000 . Attached is the corrected spreadsheet . Sorry for the inconvenience . Susan
These horoscopes can not possibly be speaking to every Aquarian out there . I'm convinced the author is someone I know...I would suggest it was my Mom , but her insight and advice would never be this good . Aquarius For September 14: You have a knack for bringing people together and creating peace . Part of your success in waging peace is derived from a desire to let go of resentment and a bulging catalog of woe . You're sick and tired of feeling sick and tired , and look forward to a refreshing sensation of starting anew . Seriously consider hatching deferred dreams today . What's stopping you ? Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Ashley , the oven/stove problem should be fixed before the weekend . If you have any further problems with it please let me know; I realize it's pretty old . I never noticed the control for the oven doesn't even have temperatures marked on it...the repairman is definitely taking care of that too ! The handy dudes are coming over to give me an estimate on the kitchen and bathroom floors and I'm going to also ask them to replace the wood around the A/C in the second bedroom . If there's anything else you've noticed that needs fixing let me know .
Ashley , all that is fine , and I certainly understand , though I would very much hate to lose you because you are a fabulous renter . Keep your freedom ! Stay in my apartment! ! If you do not want to renew for 6 months and want to go month to month after Nov. , that is fine . All I ask is 30 days notice before you move out . In any event , I'll probably get the floors done just because I think it would be a good improvement to make regardless...I'll check with you before I get the work done to make sure the timing is OK with you .
Sunday at 1:00 is good with me as well . Just name the place . See you guys then .
Hey , evidently I'm not the only one slacking on the emails - That means you Em . Quick update: I may try to come over Oct 5 - 10 instead of the 4 - 9 so that I can at least spend a little time with Katy . How will that work for y'all ? Sue P.S . - Thought you'd like to know that I am doing well in regards to the Ted situation . I'm actually kind of glad he took this week long vacation...that whole out-of-sight , out-of-mind theory really works .
Please see the attached and let me know if you have questions . If it looks OK to you and the 1/2 reimbursement arrangement is OK with EPFS , please forward to James Centilli for his review . Thanks .
So who's up for doing something that Friday night ? I'll probably be in Austin Saturday for the football game , but am definitely interested in getting together with everyone . Obviously this is planning WAY in advance for this group so we can revisit the topic when Wilson's arrival is a little bit closer . Talk to y'all then . Susan * Darren - Please tell me you have Wilson's keys...Margaret and I would be eternally grateful .
Do tell , Do tell . Darren , What's the word ? So when do you head over to London and what pray-tell will you be doing over there . I'm planning on going to visit Em and Katy around the first weekend of October ( sometime between the 4th and 10th) , if you're going to be over there we need to all go out . I don't remember if we ever talked about it or not , but I may try to do my third rotation there...the horror , Em and me set loose upon the unsuspecting citizens of London . Anyway , I'm assuming congratulations are in order , so congrats on the new assignment . Here are Katy and Emily's email addresses . I don't have phone #'s , etc . as of yet but I could get them for you if you'd like . I'll be sure to shoot off an email to both of them to let them know you're going to be over there . Susan PS - We will definitely be doing Steak Night next week if you have any interest...a guy who used to work in Ben's old group ( and is now trading credit derivatives in London...see how I'm hooking you up with all these connections ) will be in town and is dying to go have steak and beer . Besides , it would be wrong for you to leave the country without a proper send-off from Little Woodrow's ( Now I going to owe you a Bon Voyage beer as well as a birthday beer) .
Just to forewarn you two , it looks like Darren ( Ted's buddy ) is going to be in London for a few months working on a project . When I mentioned you two were both over there right now he asked me for your email addresses . No pressure for you guys to do anything with him , but I do like the guy and think when I come over we will definitely have to do something with him ( and Nick too of course...maybe the same night , that whole "kill two birds with one stone concept") . Sue Side-note: I'm am dying of curiosity as to why Darren is going to London for a project and Ted is trading corn here . Maybe I'll find out before Darren leaves . Who knows , maybe if you all see Darren over there you can find out what the heck happened with our once so promising Mr . Noble .
Hey , Try lgillet@enron.com for Lisa's email address . Glad to hear you're in the new pad...in the interest of saving $$$ I will probably take you up on the futon offer . Well , it's Monday and I'm assuming Ted's back in town ( not that I've heard a peep out of him) . I'm very much at a cross-roads with the situation . On the one hand , I want to be unaffected and aloof and on the other hand I don't want to make this that easy for him . I think I deserve more that just being swept under the rug . So , my debate becomes - Do I just let this thing go all together OR do I try and get some resolution ? I would love to get a call from you hear at work . The best time for me is probably before 11:30 or after 12:30 Houston time . Talk to you soon , Susan
Just so you know , I spoke with the group this morning about contracting practices and they agreed to do the Christine/Susan/dealmaker huddle prior to sending any contracts out . It helps that I have Kevin's support on this . I think it will work fine . TK is going make sure Tenaska gets credited . The difference between actual and billed amounts is very little . Thanks for your attention to this last week .
Hi Misty ! How's everything ? Are we on for this weekend ? Let me know . Since I have plans to see Lyle Lovett on Fri . night , I was thinking of flying in rather than driving Sat . a.m . to save on time & energy , especially since you live so close to the airport ! Painted my bedroom Happy Yellow while listening to the U.S . Open weekend before last...drank a lot of beer also . Am amazed it turned out as well as it did . You said you work with someone named Hamlet , right ? Apparently he used to live across the street from Karin and Jim , on Evans ! I didn't think there could possibly be 2 Hamlets . Small world . Susan
Approved , subject to Drew's approval . ( Drew , the agency letter is the same as the one with Oneok , except we've omitted some meaningless language that Oneok had requested. )
Okay gang , it's time to rally the troops . Evidently last week wasn't good for any of us to get together at our local watering hole ( a.k.a Little Woodrow's)...but , I'm hoping the story is a little different this week . Our own Nick Stephan is back in H-town for the week and has made a special request for a full-fledged "Steak Night" ( that means good attendance) . Not that I ever need an excuse to enjoy good company , steak , beer , etc . at LW's , but if I did I could think of few better reasons than a visiting ex-pat . Besides , given the absolutely beautiful weather we are currently enjoying , the picnic tables and deck are beckoning . I'm going to set a tentative meeting time of 7:30 p.m . this Wednesday...get back to me at your convenience and let me know if we should stick with that time or not . Hope everyone had a relaxing weekend and is having a good Monday ( isn't that an oxymoron?) . Susan "When I read about the evils of drinking , I gave up reading."
Hey Corey , So he's back in town now...The question is what do I do about that ? Should I: A ) Completey ignore him and pretend like there was never anything between us or B ) Call him out and confront him with his own cowardess . I am completely torn on the issue and have actually felt physically ill over the situation the last two days . Help!! ! Susan
Fun quizzes from Cosmo.. .
That actually made me cry . Susan
Be prepared...this one's a downer , but oh so true . Email me and let me know @ what time you think you're going to try and call so I'll be sure to stay at my desk . Sue
"The only things I need from anyone is love and respect and anyone who can't give me that has no place in my life"
Here are the email addresses again . I'll shoot you off an email before I come over...hopefully , by that time you'll be somewhat settled and have a phone number where you can be reached . Or , I may just see you at the office . I have to pay a visit as there are a several people working over there now that I used to work with here ( plus , I may try to set up a few interviews) . Susan
Christine , I spoke with Drew and he is OK with the changes shown in the attached . Questions--let me know .
I have confirmations from Ben , Sunil , and Rudi . Is there anyone else I left off the email ? Talk to you soon , Susan - - You'll have to come up and visit 32 at some point .
Kevin , let me know if you have any questions.. .
yo , I know . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Thanks for the advice/humor . I'm feeling much better today . I knew yesterday was going to be pretty rough and not much fun as his communication or lack thereof would speak volumes . ( And his silence definitely said a lot ) Everyone's pretty much on the same page as far as their disappointment in said individual goes . I think we all expected a little bit more out of him . Oh well , so I'm single again . Just think how incredible it'll be when I find someone I feel even more for than Ted ( at least that's what I'm focusing on) . So do we know if Pat Fitzgerald is single ? Anyway , I've found I'm not that attracted to cowards ( which is exactly the catagory I'd put Ted in right now) . Hope everything's good with you ( especially the firm recruiting) . I'm coming up this weekend for the game - hopefully Friday night - and wanted to see if you and Doug wanted to go out either Friday night or after the game Saturday . I hope you guys are planning on going to the game because I'd love to sit with you . Talk to you soon , Susan PS - Check out the list of individuals for our girls night out the Thurs...I don't think I'm going to go ( I don't have enough time to waste on people I'm not that fond of )
Already done . Susan
Attached is a memo addressing the question of whether TW could acquire capacity on a competitor pipeline in lieu of a physical expansion . Please e-mail or call ( x30596 ) if you have any questions , or if you would like me to set up a meeting to discuss this further .
Hey Wilson , Steak night is on...And , yes Darren really did give me your keys and I've already handed them off to Ben . Also , you'll be interested to know that my parents might make it tonight for a little while so you may get to meet them . See you tonight . Susan
What time are you heading out today ?
I'm soooo good . The chosen path was cool , indifference . So , last night was Steak Night and with Nick and Wilson both in town we had a really good showing . I got there about 7:30 with Nick , and the group's size swelled to about 12+ by 8:30 - 9:00 . About 8:00 I saw Kevin ( Ted's pal - the one you meet a steak night ) wandering around LW's obviously in search of someone . Can you believe it ? He ( Ted ) knew I had organized this gathering - I know that because Nick is working right across from he and Darren and overheard Darren encouraging Ted's attendance ( mind you Ted was not in the email distribution ) - and he had the nerve to come . Anyway , Kevin saw me and came over to chat . He informed me that "our friend Ted should be there shortly" to which I responded , "You would know better than me at this point" . The subject was dropped until he felt the need to raise it again . He asked if Ted and I parted on good terms/ bad terms , etc . I said there really weren't any terms , I just hadn't heard a peep out of him for about 2 weeks . Kevin wanted to know if I was going to break a bottle over Ted's head and cause a big scene . When I said no , I think he was genuinely disappointed . I said in order for me to do something like that I would have to care about the "loss" and that , while a week or two earlier I might have cared a bit more , with each passing day the "loss" seems less and less like much of a loss . Kevin told me I was better-off without Ted . To go even further , he informed me that there is no way he would ever let a daughter of his date Ted nor any of his "girl-friends" . He said that while he thought Ted was a great guy ( i.e . fun to be around , good stories , etc. ) he wasn't good dating material . I agreed with Kevin saying "Ted is a great guy , he just makes a lousy man" ( don't you like that one?) . I then went on to say "Anyway , I'm destined for bigger and better things , right?" . Kevin: "Much bigger and much better." About this time my parents showed up...the plot thickens . I introduced Kevin to my parents and since both my Dad and Kevin were in the Navy and attended Colorado they had much to talk about . The two of them had probably been talking for about half an hour when "dum-da-dum-dum" Ted shows up . He approaches our group because he sees Kevin and is forced to make eye-contact with me . I give him a "hey" and he gives me the arm squeeze and a much too pleasant "how's it going?" . He asked what Kevin and my Dad were talking about , I told him the Navy , he said don't get Kevin started or you'll never shut him up...Then he walked away . He never acknowledged my parents nor did he ever speak to me again the rest of the evening . The beautiful thing is Kevin stays and talks with my Dad for another half hour and when Darren shows up he hangs out with "my group" for quite a while before going to join Ted . My parents and I ate our steaks right behind Ted and then went back over to our group at the picnic table when we were finished . It really was a great night . I would almost say I was glowing ( I was having so much fun with my friends and family and it wasn't a show for Ted's benefit...I really was having a great time) . So , when my parents decide to head out they walked over to Ted/Kevin's table to say good-bye to Kevin . It was awesome . Ted's sitting right next to Kevin while Kevin and my Dad are talking and appears to be actually shrinking in his chair . Yet again no acknowledgement of my parents - he couldn't even make eye-contact . I ended up staying there for at least another hour and then went with a few of the guys to the Ale House . Needless to say I was very hung over today . Anyway , there's the story...He's a complete and utter ass-hole . So I'm done . And no , there is no way he could weasel his way back in to my good graces . Now on to a fun subject , my trip to London . I bought my ticket today (  I think I got hosed a little bit , but it was the cheapest ticket I could find - $450 before taxes) . I will arrive at Heathrow airport around 7:00 a.m . Friday the 6th and depart about 11:00 a.m . on Tuesday the 10th . I'm very excited about the trip , I really need to get out of Houston . I leave the activities in your capable hands . (  bear in mind I will have to see Darren and Nick at some point) . "Single again" Sue
In an effort to save a little time I'm forwarding you the email I just sent my friend Emily in London . Get back to me if you would like me to expound on anything . Turns out he's a real jerk . Susan
Corey , Here's an update , I sent this to Emily earlier today . Let me know about this weekend ( i.e . the game , tomorrow night , etc . etc. ) Susan
For your information . If you have any questions , let me know.. .
It's kind of funny , everybody has the same feeling about the "Ted situation" - utter disappointment . But yes , it is definitely his loss . And , I loved the fact that Kevin ( his friend ) spent so much time talking to my Dad because that had to make Ted feel like a complete jerk ( which he is) . I'm am very excited about my trip to London . The other guy I mentioned in the email , Darren , is going to be working over there for a few months so I'll get to see him there as well . Plus , in November I'm going to visit my brother and his wife in South Korea which should be interesting . The globe trotting continues . Your weekend sounds like it's going to be pretty fun . I wish I could be there as well , but it is football season so I will be in Austin this weekend . I've signed up for all these internet airfare specials though , so if some great fares come up for Houston to San Diego I can take advantage of them . Talk to you soon . Susan - - Deep down I think I knew there was something wrong with him . I think that's why I never pressed about the past relationships thing ( you know , afraid of what I might find out) .
Lindy , FERC has consistently held that pipelines may make "operational" sales of gas . Specifically this has included occasional sales of gas resulting from cashout requirements and the buying and selling of gas to maintain linepack levels . TW's sale of excess linepack gas would probably be fine . By contrast , buying gas then turning around and reselling it would be suspect as it would look too much like our unbundled merchant function . Let me know if you have further questions .
You had a question about the meaning of Section 4.3 . Here's a brief explanation . Section 4.2 covers indemnification in case one party gets sued by a third party for damage caused by negligence of the other party . I'm OK with eliminating "stockholders" and the "...judgments of any nature..." clause you two spoke about on the phone as long as they come out of both subparagraphs a . and b . Section 4.3 needs to stay in because it covers any potential action by EPFS against TW for damage to EPFS's facilities during the term of the agreement . TW is already obligated elsewhere in the agreement to construct and operate the facilities in accordance with industry practice , tariff and DOT standards . Our policy in interconnect agreements is that if TW complies with these standards we should not then somehow be liable for damage to EPFS in case of explosion , etc . In other words , both parties bear the risk attached to something unforeseeable going wrong notwithstanding use of industry and DOT standards . ( By the way , I believe the "notwithstanding anything in this Article 4 to the contrary" language should come out; I'm not sure why it's in the draft. ) Any questions -- please e-mail or call ( 713-853-0596) .
I am refraining from responding to this until I have had time to ponder things this weekend .
Hey , If you want to email me back before Monday , you can email me at That way I can read your reaction even though I won't be at work . Talk to you soon , Sue
I tell ya Mo , it's weird . HOROSCOPE: Weekly For September 25-October 1: Better communication is indicated this week . Issues that have bogged you down are effectively addressed . Don't get up and leave until you get every answer you need . Be direct and honest , without losing your temper . Even if others misbehave , continue pursuing what you believe is right . An agreement is either out of balance or no longer desirable . You CAN make improvements to existing paperwork , contracts , and agreements -- as long as you remain friendly , respectful , and well-prepared . There can be no hostility on your end , or negotiations will break down .
Sorry I didn't respond very promptly to your last email . Things have been very emotionally draining for me around here . I'm going to forward some of my recent email communications to catch you up on the issue . After you've had a chance to take in the situation I would really love to hear your opinion . Call or email with any insights . Susan
Greg , Sorry it took me so long to get this to you (  the perils of bid-week) . Call me if you need anything else . Susan
HOROSCOPE: Weekly - His For September 25-October 1: Instead of wishing things were different , or woefully mourning the past , build a new beginning . It's pointless to bemoan recent changes or languish over disappointments . You cannot change the past . You cannot change people's minds , either . Face your situation and create something wonderful . The longer you fuss about what 'should have been' , the more likely it is that important opportunities will drift by unnoticed . Cancer , it is time for change . Release frustrations and troubling memories . Move on , Crab . .  .  move on . Mine for today Quickly get past a troubling misunderstanding Once you've released toxic feelings , the atmosphere visibly improves , much to your pleasure . You're able to replace fear and resentment with compassion and understanding . Once you know the score , you no longer feel threatened or disrespected . Keep revenge out of this entire episode . 'Teaching someone a lesson' is not appropriate .
Sorry for the delayed response to your email , but 10-11 a.m . this morning will work for me . Just let me know the location . Thanks , Susan Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Gary , Just wanted to check and see how things were going for you on 44 . Hopefully you are now in possession of a phone . If so give me a call , I would really like to get together for a cup of coffee or just a few minutes to enjoy the lovely weather outside . - I'm confident Keri and Caroline are well .
FYI - Gary P . Nunn is going to be playing New Year's Eve at Gruene Hall . On the Ted front...It's Tuesday afternoon and I haven't contacted him yet . I'm planning on calling him at home early this evening and telling him that "a beer and a chat sound like a good idea , how about tomorrow night?" . I will be requesting that he either call me at home tonight if he gets in early enough or tomorrow at work . This should all prove very interesting . Susan
What's the word man ? I haven't heard a peep from you all day ( even though I know you've seen Ben and called Kori...I'm hurt )
Julie , Just wanted to check and see if you had received my last two emails . If so , I'd love to know what you think about the whole situation . If not , let me know and I will resend the emails . Susan
I haven't done anything as of yet . I just really didn't feel like responding to him on Friday ( I was still pretty floored by the whole thing ) and since he's out of town till tonight I spent yesterday and today figuring out what I want to do . I've decided the following...I'm going to give him a call tonight and agree to meet for a drink/chat . I completely agree with you about regretting the things you don't do more than the things you do - besides I'm dying of curiosity about what he could possibly have to say . Anyway , I want to try and do it tomorrow night so that I can quite turning it over and over in my head ( I am absolutely sick of thinking about it) . I think it will be hard for me to be anything but distant talking to him because , regardless of his reasons , he definitely wasn't very considerate over the last few weeks . Wish me luck ! ( Problem is I'm not sure what I really want the outcome to be) . Susan
Part of me is tempted to do the "taste of your own medicine" thing , but I was really disappointed that he took that approach ( in this case I think email is very cowardly ) and don't believe two wrongs make a right . I insist on taking the high road in this situation no matter how tempting it might be to teach him a lesson . Susan
I think this is for you .
Aquarius: The conjunction between the Sun and Moon is a wonderful symbol of togetherness and unity . You may have been feeling distinctly out of sorts lately with your partner , and are sorely in need of some tender loving care . Perhaps you both need to make the effort to be nice to each other . I mean really nice , not just pretending . See now , isn't that a lot better ! There's mileage in this one yet .
You forget that I also studied French , mon amie . I may not be able to write it any more , but I can still read it . Susan
Agustin , I just faxed a copy of the ticket to you . Please let me know if it transmitted properly . Also , the deal number is Q15463 . Let me know if you need anything else . Susan
Yes , we still do the steak night thing , but I will be unable to attend this evening ( dinner with the traders , oh la la!) . You may want to talk to bfree and see if he or Economou are planning on an outing . So when are we going to have a chance to chat ?
Alas , there is no point to steak night without Kori or myself . There is good cause for your lack of enthusiasm . Tomorrow morning sounds good to me for a coffee/steamed almond milk break . How 'bout we shoot for around 9:30 ( although I can do earlier or later if need be) . Let me know . As for the week after next , anything from Wednesday night on will work for me . I am in full agreement with you regarding a "solid dinner" ( of limited attendance of course) . See you tomorrow , Susan - - Funny thing , Ben called earlier to see if I wanted to go grab lunch with him ( Does he think I'm in a vulnerable/weakened state due to the Ted situation ? Well , he's wrong. )
Agustin , I have booked the trades below into the ENA system . The deal numbers are as follows . Susan
Just talked to him...was pretty jovial...will probably get together tomorrow night...I think his job is REALLY stressing him out .
Just talked to him around 6:15 ( don't know exactly how to take that)...he was pretty "jokey"...we'll probably get together tomorrow night...found out he has bought himself a pair of boots ( ostrich - I don't think he's earned ostrich)...I think his job is REALLY stressing him out . Sue - - There is a God and he likes me => Someone tricked Ted into eating fried cow testicles in Amarillo ( he still sounded shaken up over the incident) . It's all about Karma .
Mine: For September 28: An agreement or legal matter improves today . You are able to reach an understanding in a previously tense affair . Do your best to maintain peace and tranquility , instead of giving into resentment or suspicion . Behind the scenes finagling will be required to keep others on track and out of trouble . Batten down the hatches during late afternoon and evening , and don't let any important info get into the wrong hands . Someone may place their trust or future in your custody . Make them glad they did . Find weekly and monthly horoscopes His: For September 28: Something you already own or have access to provides even more satisfaction and enrichment . Take advantage of this opportunity . Squeeze every drop of juice out of a cosmic orange . You never lost this chance , but may have temporarily misplaced it . You could be sitting on a virgin diamond mine . Dig a little deeper . Later today , you and a partner or advisor may clash . Don't slam the door on existing relationships , no matter how trying things get . FYI: No bridges should be burnt today . Find weekly and monthly horoscopes
Nancy , I've prepared the attached outline in response to FERC Staff's request that we provide "something in writing." This is basically just a description of our proposal . I've tried to keep it brief so that staff members are not reading while we're trying to talk to them . It should be enough information to raise a lot of questions . Please wait until Shelley or I give you the go-ahead to pass this along to the relevant Commission people; I'd like to give the other addressees the opportunity to comment on this to the extent possible . Everyone else: please give me your comments ASAP as Nancy has been asked to provide something to them tomorrow .
Hi Mum -- not going to DC until next week . Any ideas for Karin's birthday ? Maybe we could look for something this weekend . I plan to get out into the nice weather today as soon as I can ! Going to Brennan's tonight w/Craig . Dianna isn't coming with me to Austin so I guess I will just come first thing Sat . a.m . I'll give you a call tomorrow !
Drew , here's my first stab at a rehearing argument . I did not go as far as I could have because I really think we should argue that there should be no limitation at all and that TW should be able to decide for itself what capacity it can sell as firm . Instead , I've proposed a solution that will be less controversial , as we discussed earlier this week . If you think this passes the laugh test I can do some rewriting and circulate it . My biggest concern is portraying PNM's capacity as "firm" or "interruptible" since PNM does not use that terminology , in its tariff or otherwise , except to assure us over the phone that it is firm ! I'd like to check to see if PNM is comfortable with all this before we file anything . Call when you can; this is not due 'til Oct . 15 .
Ted , I made a slight change on the first page . Also , the blanks of course need to be filled in for $$ amount and term . Do we have other guaranties in favor of both TW and NNG ? I know we probably do , and I may have even approved them . But if possible I'd prefer to have two separate guaranties since TW and NNG are separate legal entities . It is not a huge concern , since we are not jointly obligating the two companies to do anything . If it would cause an administrative hassle to have two agreements , let me know .
Is that so? ! Well , I think you are quite a catch !
No one has ever mistaken me for being a shy or timid person...least of all Ted . Therefore , telling him about the shirt was right in character for me . I think a part of him probably felt a little ashamed that a 23 yr . old girl with almost no dating experience could handle the situation with more class than him . Anyway , there were a few other things established and solidified last night by Ted - 1 . By his own admission , I am definitely smarted than him ( while in the past I have challenged that I had to agree last night ) 2 . I am a confident , probably too much so , and well-adjusted individual . Merely taking into account those two points , Ted in his present "condition" could never be a match for me . I would either always feel like I was carrying him or rolling over him . I'm still absolutely floored by the fact I have now dated a divorcee . Does Chuck think less of me for being duped ? I hope not...he really seemed like a good ( to everyone that met him) . I think Mom , Dad and I are all going to fly over on the same flight ( Singapore Airlines) . I found a great deal from San Francisco for around $580 . I of course will have to fly from Houston which ups the fare to $800 , but it's still the best deal around . I can't wait to see you guys . Susan
Hey Darren , I wanted to try and touch and base with you before my arrival in London . I talked to Emily late last week and she seemed to think Friday night was a good night to try and get together . I know you have a bunch of people that are going to be in London this weekend , but maybe we could just make it one big group outing . Get back to me when you get a chance and we'll try and set something up . Susan
So I met him for dinner Thursday night . Nothing was discussed until we were about to leave and I couldn't hold my tongue any longer . Turns out he was married before and may have some issues ( pretty big ones in my opinion - case in point , he's been divorced three years and , by his own admission , has dated quite a bit in the interim but nothing that has lasted longer than 2 mos . - sounds like a pattern to me) . We'll talk more later ,
I think an original tasters gathering is a great idea...unfortunately , I'm going to be out of town Thursday ( I'm visiting my friend Emily in London and I have to admit I am very excited) . If you guys do end up going have a great time . Susan
Hey Ashley , Just thought I'd drop you a line to let you know that I will be in London this Friday through next Tuesday . I'm visiting a friend of mine who is attending Sotheby's graduate program . I know it's short notice , but I would love to see you at some point while I'm over there . If you get a chance email me back and let me know if you're free any of those days and how I can get a hold of you while I'm over there . Hope all is well . Susan
Shelly , Is there any way you could give me a little more information regarding the times of the presentations for each of the respective schools . Thanks , Susan
Attached is the final version of the Interconnect Agreement . I've changed Section 4.2 in accordance with our e-mail discussion . Additionally , I've filled in the blanks for POI# and date of commencement of construction , and added an Exhibit A ( and a reference to Exhibit A in the definition of "Facilities" ) listing what will be installed . Darin , kindly fill in the appropriate contact information on page 11 , have the agreement executed by EPFS in duplicate originals , and return both originals to me . I will return a fully executed original to you . Lorraine Lindberg will be forwarding you wire transfer information for the payments that are due from EPFS upon execution . If you have any questions , please do not hesitate to contact me . Lorraine will be on vacation as of tomorrow . Thank you , Susan Scott Transwestern Pipeline Company 1400 Smith St. , Room 4788
Hey , It's 8:30 and I'm still at work . Did I mention I really need this vacation ? Anyway , I have a couple of questions for you . Is there anything special you'd like me to bring over ( that your Mom isn't getting for you) . I talked to your Mom yesterday and she mentioned a craving for Turkey Jerky . If you want me to bring some over just let me know where to buy it . Also , do you have any predictions for the weather . I'm planning on bringing the following - jeans , sweatshirt , black pants & skirt , black cardigan , "rain coat" ( I put it in quotes b/c I know mine won't be official) , some "go out" close , running shoes , heels , and boots , 2 sweaters , varying tops , and a pair of shorts . I always end up over-packing , but I'm really going to try to pare down . I'm assuming you have a blow-dryer so I can leave mine at home . I talked to Darren today and he said Friday sounded good...and , I sent an email to Nick so hopefully it will work for him as well . I also emailed Jessica's friend Ashley who's living over there and she wanted to get together maybe for lunch or something over the weekend . I've been checking out the Tube Maps on the Web and don't think I should have much of a problem getting to your place . I assume I'm going to want to get off at the Holland Park tube stop . Should be a piece of cake , right ? Any bright ideas of how to get your extra set of keys to me Friday morning ? I guess there isn't really anywhere for you to hide them around your flat ( i.e . under the doormat or over the door frame?) . See you soon , Susan - I may have to pump Darren for a little bit of info Friday night ( subtly of course)...Like did he know that I didn't know about Ted's "past" - maybe you can find out why the marriage ended .
Sorry I never called yesterday...I had turned my phone off and didn't realize you'd called until last night . I'm still at work right now and therefore am extremely tired . Hope you got everything you needed to accomplished this weekend . I had a good time at the game and , thanks to Travis's pledge class reunion , have come to the conclusion that 27-28 is a better age range for me . There young enough to excuse being single due to career focus and still old enough to know who they are and what they want . Some critical things happen in those 3-5 years from a man's late twenties to early thirties that can expose so many "issues" ( examples of which I got to see several of on Saturday) . Talk to you soon , Susan Are you and Doug going to OU ?
I always forget what the time difference is so I thought I might be able to catch you "real time." I went to the game Saturday with Travis , Corey , Mike and a friend of his . Kathy was getting her certification for spinning classes and thus I was given the responsibility of baby-sitting Corey and Travis . Anyway , Trav's pledge class had a reunion at the house after the game and I think it may have single-handedly cured me of wanting men in their early thirties . The single guys from their class are definitely still single for a reason . Also , you've gotta tell Chuck that Kinzer's date for the game was a year younger than me ( although I will say , after meeting her , you would've thought she was much younger) . I think 27-28 may be a better range . Old enough to know who they are and what they want , but still young enough to explain their unattached status on career focus . Talk to you soon , Susan
Do you know where the Texas Exes watch the games in London ? It might be kind of fun to watch the OU game somewhere...even if just for a bit of it . Just a thought .
I am very excited about my trip to London . For one thing I get to visit Emily , but at this point more importantly I don't have to think about work for 6 days straight . You guys are going to have a great trip to China and I say if you find a rug that you really like ( i.e . you're not just getting one because you think you should ) you should definitely get it . Just think what a great conversation piece it would make over the years . And don't worry about my appetite for travel getting spoiled...that is impossible . I can't wait to see you guys . I think that you being in Korea and Emily being in London has made this whole Ted situation that much harder to deal with . I've realized how much I appreciate y'alls insights now that they aren't as easy to get . Love ya , Susan
Maria reminded me that we are required to file a rate case to be effective We could file one before then as to non-Current Firm Shippers , but I doubt we will . Any other questions -- let me know .
Agustin , I haven't booked the origination we talked about yet because I wanted to get an exact number from you first . If you could send me an email with the correct origination amount I can book it tonight . The deal was with General Thanks , Susan
Here's the address for you .
Hey guys , Just wanted to drop a line and let you know that I'm going to be visiting London over the next 5 days or so . I'm planning on swinging by the offices Monday morning to see everyone and just wanted to foreworn you all . Hopefully , I'll get a chance to see you then . Susan If anyone wants to get a hold of me you can leave a message on my friend Lexi , I completely forgot to turn in my expense report from last months recruiting trip . Things around here have been absolutely crazy , as I'm sure they have been for you . In addition to the attached file below I am forwarding the hard copy to your office . Let me know if there is anything else I can do to help with the process . Thanks , Susan
Here you go Cynthia . I feel pretty confident that everything is correct this month . However , I'm sure I'm being overly optimistic on that front so call or email me with any changes .
Deal #Q15463 has been rebooked in TAGG . Let me know if either of you need anything else . Thanks , Susan
I just received a copy of a Section 5 complaint filed by SoCal requesting a FERC order 1 ) determining that the SoCalGas/Topock delivery point is fully subscribed on a firm primary basis , 2 ) directing El Paso to comply with previous Commission orders that preclude the selling of firm primary capacity at points where none is available and 3 ) directing El Paso to schedule capacity acquired during an open season ( effective Jan . 1 , 2000 ) into SoCal/Topock on a secondary basis only . SoCal states that it has experienced daily cuts of up to 57% and averaging 25% . If you would like a copy of the complaint , let me know .
given that I don't even know what UAF is , I will plan to attend .
Darin , that is fine . Revised agreement attached .
In response to your question of whether Transwestern Pipeline needs to renew its bond ( Bond No . 22000455 ) to the State of Oklahoma , the answer is yes . If you have any questions , please call me at x30596 .
Take a look at the attached and let's talk tomorrow if at all possible . I want us to have a consensus among ourselves on this draft before I circulate it more widely .
I neglected to include some of Drew's comments in the version I sent you a few minutes ago...use this draft instead .
Ted , see the attached; I've made a couple of changes .
Hey girls , I'm back from London ( the trip was incredible ) and would love to see all of you this Thursday . I hope we can all make it . Susan Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Barbara , here is my draft of a rehearing request . As I mentioned , our outside counsel is going to try to add a few sentences; I haven't heard back from them , but will send you the revised draft when I do . I'd be happy to copy Jay Golub too; please send me his e-mail address . In the meantime , let me know if you have any comments . We plan to file on Monday , Oct . 16 . Thanks , Susan
Trip was excellent . I took pictures , but most of them where taken inside pubs so who knows how they'll turn out . I definitely thought about you and how much you would love the area Emily's living in ( very upscale , English and proper) . I also had an impromptu interview thanks to Dave Oliver so we'll see . I will talk to you more later as I am in the thick of calcing and am suffering a bit of jet lag . Susan
Ashley , I am so sorry we never managed to meet up while I was in London . Emily and I spent all day Sunday gallivanting around the city to the markets , etc . and Monday I ended-up spending a lot longer than I planned at the office . On the bright side , I was able to have an impromptu interview and meet quite a few people while I was there . I'm hoping to be over there and gainfully employed by early next spring . Hope things are well with you and the next trip I make over there we will definitely get together . Susan
Hey Darren , Just wanted to say thanks again for including Em and I in the outing Friday night and joining us for dinner Monday . Hope things with work are going well and that you're managing to reinvent the wheel without too many problems . Cheers , Susan
Hey guys , Well I'm back home in Houston looking out at our lovely skyline ( okay , maybe it's not that lovely but it is sunny here) . Anyway , I'm so glad I got the chance to see all of you while I was in London . It seemed as though all of you are really enjoying your time in the UK - which is good to hear given the fact I'm hoping to make it over there myself . Hope the approaching close to 2000 finds everyone in good spirits . Cheers , Susan
Em , you know I'm in on this one . It's been far too long since we've had a true NB weekend . Unfortunately ( although not surprisingly ) it appears our erstwhile friend Alan will claim any excuse , no matter how unappealing , to avoid singing show tunes around the camp fire - your voice will be missed . For the rest of you guys , I hope we can muster a good turn-out as I am in desperate need of over analysis in regards to the problems of the world as well as ourselves whilst in a drunken stupor . Nobody does it better.. . Susan
Jeremy , I saved the file so that the tab you open it up on is Larry's Gas Daily Option model .
Hey Julie , I just got back from London Tuesday and am now almost fully recovered from the jet lag . I had an absolutely incredible time while I was over there and was even able to go into the Enron office for a while . One of the guys I knew here in Houston even set up an impromptu interview for me while I was there so I think my working over there may be a very real possibility . Since I'd already done a lot of the touristy things the last time I was in London Emily and I pretty much just hung out . We went out to eat Friday night and then to a club (  I think we got home around 4 am after indulging in some fish and chips) . Saturday and Sunday we mostly just wondered around the city to various shops and markets and went out to various lunch and dinner venues . Finally , on Monday I went in to the office while Em was at school and then had a fairly big last night in town with some friends of Emily's . Hope everything's been going well with you and that the move into your new place was a success . I'll keep checking for great fares out to SD...I'd love to meet your roommate and all of your other friends I feel as though I know now . Susan PS - I think you're right about the California men . I am currently in contact with about three of them and they all have issues . Although , I still think Ted takes the cake .
The attached draft reflects revisions made pursuant to our discussions with FERC staff . You will be receiving a hard copy of the tariff sheets separately . Please make sure you read the "Waivers" section towards the end of the document as it contains some additional requests for waivers . Also , there seems to be some confusion over whether we are going to post all options , not just Shipper call options . My previous drafts have provided for posting of Shipper call options only . All other types of options will be generally available , on a nondiscriminatory basis , through our tariff . My thinking was that it is commercially impracticable to post the specifics of all types of options , and it's not necessary since options will be noted on our transaction reports required by Order 637 . Let me know what you think . Let me know your comments as soon as possible . I understand that the Commercial Group told Stan Horton this would be filed this week and Shelley reported at staff meeting on Monday that it would be filed this week or next week . As soon as I get everyone's comments we can get this finalized . Thank you .
You guys are going to kill me , but I just got a ticket on the floor for the Rockets game tonight . I was hoping I could get cell phone numbers from a few of you so that I could maybe meet up with y'all after the game . I definitely want to see everyone and could "go out" later if anyone's interested . Susan
Glad to hear things are going so well . No , I haven't spoken with Ted since my return...but , I did go out a few of the nights I was in London with an undergrad/grad school friend of his ( among other people of course) . Surprise , surprise he didn't have many supportive words for Ted as dating material either . In summary he found Ted to lack attentiveness to his partners and maybe even fidelity . He said the break up of Ted's marriage wasn't "ALL his fault" , which is a decidedly different slant than the one Ted gave me the night of our chat . I also heard that he has worked his way around Enron a bit . All in all very disheartening information . Regardless , I'm still glad I dated him and think I learned a lot from the whole situation . Tell Brendan I said , "Hello" and good luck with the new role at work . Susan I have a hold on travel plans to Korea right now as work may interfere . Oh , well .
I left him an extremely short voice mail thanking him for the book and asking him not to contact me again unless his message is kind and positive . I tried to make my tone very pleasant and calm . On Ann's and your advice , I'm going to rescue the shredded letter/envelope out of the trash; be careful what you toss in there .
Gotta love people finder . CONTACT INFO COMPANY INFO Phone : +442077834376 Employee Type Email : robert.keylock@enron.com Job Title : SENIOR CLERK Location : ENRON HOUSE Supervisor : SYMES , PETER Contract Company : ECT NON U.S . PAYROLL COMPANY Cellular : 07769743489 Company Number Cost Center : 0000100348 Cost Center Name City Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Take a look at this and let me know if you have further comments .
Here is the latest draft . If you have any comments , please let me know . Thanks . Susan Scott
That is correct , I returned comments to Accounting , not AA directly . I don't think I sent my comments to Drew , but I don't remember very clearly .
Hey Em , Well it's 8:30 Friday night and surprise I'm still at the office . I love this place!! ! To answer your question , yes I am definitely suffering withdrawal . I will be working very hard over the next few months to cure that though . Nothing really exciting to report here except A ) Nick called me my first day back in the office to make sure I arrived home safely (  I really don't know what to do about all of that ) B ) Ben keeps calling me to see if I want to go out - 2 nights in a row in addition to our Steak Night beer ( I haven't gone either night) . How ironic is all of this ? I've got one guy worrying and thinking of me that I care nothing for...I've got another guy who I at one time cared for but no longer do trying to take advantage of my vulnerable state ( which in truth isn't really vulnerable at all ) and another guy , who I until fairly recently cared for , who I think could go the rest of his life without ever seeing/speaking to me again ( Or course I guess the reverse of that is true as well) . Talk to you soon , Susan Positive notes: I think Ted is getting greying and losing hair with the added stress of corn trading . He looks old and pitiful .
Attached is the cover letter . This version incorporates the changes we discussed over the phone on Friday , Stojic & Kelly's suggestions , and further revisions by Shelley . ( I've attached redlined and nonredlined versions. ) Shelley and I might have a further revision or two with respect to footnote On Monday I'll be in meetings 9:30 - 10:30 and 2:00 - 4:00; otherwise I'll be at my desk . Please fax me the final version of the tariff sheets when you have them ( to 713-646-4095) . And , please call if there are any remaining questions . Many thanks , Susan
Thanks
I am definitely interested in the parking space at the Met . Please let me know if it is still possible for me to acquire a space . Thanks , Susan Scott
FYI
Many of the customers have requested that we fax them the filing , so I am planning on providing them with courtesy copies . FYI
Those were great Chris . Sorry no emails sooner to tell you all of my trip to London , which was incredible , but alas I am back at work and therefore swamped . Mom said you guys had a great time in China . I hope you took lots of pictures . I'm not sure if she already passed along the bad news , but it doesn't look like I'm going to be able to visit next month...Work strikes again . I am very frustrated ( considering I asked for this time off 4 mos . ago ) but there isn't really anything I can do . So , I'm going to see if there's a way I could come over next spring . Regardless , I very excited about you and Chuck coming back to Houston in December and we'll just have to make up some quality time then . Talk to you soon , Susan PS - Isn't it ironic...Now Ben keeps calling wanting to go out . I mean honestly what goes through these guys heads . They don't realize a "good thing" the first time around and the second time around is too late - the "good thing" is no longer interested .
You need to give me your messenger address so we can "talk" .
Just thought you'd like to know that Roger Ebert gave the movie 3 stars . He had many of the same comments to make about the film and Dallas as you . Talk to you soon , Susan
I just got the email from our UT recruiter naming all of the Super Saturday candidates . Kudos . I'm so glad we didn't embarrass ourselves by overlooking you a second time . I'll see what I can do about getting assigned to your dinner group . See you this weekend .
Southern Trails proposed , at an estimated cost of $155,000,000 , a pipeline project consisting mostly of 693 miles of crude oil pipeline acquired from ARCO . Ten percent of the project would be new construction and the remainder would be conversion of the crude oil line to gas service . The pipeline system would be divided into an East Zone and a West Zone . The East Zone , which will begin in the San Juan Basin and end at the California border , will have 87,500 Dth/d of available capacity . The West Zone , wholly within California , will have 120,000 Dth/d . Southern Trails received certificate authority for the project on July 28,2000 . An optional certificate application does not require any showing of market need; however , Southern Trails did hold an open season from Sept . to Oct . 1998 during which it received 22 bids totalling 810,000 Dth/d of demand . The order issuing the certificate did not say how much of the capacity had been subscribed , only that Southern Trails had contracted with its affiliate , Questar Energy , for 30,000 Dth/d of firm capacity in theh East Zone for 5 years and one month , and taht firm transportation service agreements of 5 and 10 year terms are "being negotiated" with prospective shippers which , if executed , would subscribe the balance of the capacity in both the East and West zones . TW is an intervenor in this docket so I have received everything that has been filed . I have no further information about any further subscription of capacity . I also have no information regarding any progress that has been made on construction . If you need a more detailed summary of the proposal that was filed at FERC , or if you have any other questions , please let me know and I'll see what I can find . I've got the entire environmental report in my office if we need that for any reason !
Looks good . Thanks for the heads-up , Susan
Chad -- Good to see you the other day . Please give me a call when you return to your office . I am embarrassed to say that I am not sure I have the right version of the Operating Agreement we sent you in March...if we can compare notes , I can make sure I get the correct one to you without further delay . Thank you ! Susan Scott Transwestern Pipeline Company
Colleen , thank you so much for your very prompt attention to this . I definitely had the wrong version of the agreement . Jeff confirmed by voice mail this morning that even though we already included the 5.4 language in the draft we sent him back in March , he does find it objectionable and will want to modify it , so he will be very interested in seeing your suggested language too . Please send your attachment "CalpineO&M 10-18-00 edits to draft03-20-00" . Again , thank you so much for your help with this . ( Calpine has finally woken up and realized they want this in place Nov . 1... ) I will let you know how negotiations are shaping up .
For October 19: Put the obsession and dedication back into your job , health , and daily life . Stressful matters beyond your control have leached away much of the excitement that makes life enjoyable . Use this Mercury retro period to reinvent your work philosophy and improve your health and lifestyle . The resources and relief you seek are available , but you may be expected to kowtow and kiss butt to get what you need . Are you willing -- or not ? I can't blame you if your high standards won't allow anything to compromise your vision . But if you're feeling pragmatic , use the next 3 weeks to cook up an agreement you can live with .
Ashley , here's an ad in Word format . If Deron could post it at Hewitt , I would be most grateful !
I just received word that I'm losing my garage apt . renter as of Nov . 30.. . If any of you know someone who is looking for a place , have them call me! ! ( I found my current renter through a friend and it has worked out great. ) Here are the specifics: 2 bedroom/1 bath garage apartment in Houston Heights ( Cortlandt St.) . Hardwood floors , lots of windows , new window A/C units , washer/dryer hookup , garage parking space . Cats OK . $650/month . Available December 1 . Call 713-853-0596 ( day ) or 713-864-4960 ( evening) . Thanks !
Chad , attached is the draft of the Measurement and Control Facilities Operating Agreement for Calpine's review . As we discussed , because the exhibits are still being finalized , I have not included them in this draft . If you have any questions or comments , please do not hesitate to contact me . Thank you . Susan Scott Transwestern Pipeline Company
Attached pursuant to TK Lohman's request is an electronic copy of Transwestern's October 17 , 2000 FERC filing proposing a transport options program . This copy does not include the tariff sheets as they are not available in electronic format . If you would like to see the proposed tariff sheets , please let me know and I will be happy to fax them to you . If you have questions or comments about transport options , please contact either TK or me . Susan Scott
Unfortunately I can't go to Austin next weekend; I've planned to go to L.A . to visit Sue . I am bringing my new beau with me ! You will meet Craig at some point . I think it's also safe to say you will like him much better than Bill . I'm tentatively planning to come to Austin the weekend of Nov . 11 , but you know that is totally up to D.E . ( Dreamy Eric) . In the meantime , send Bug photos if possible !
The counterparty is Nylon de Mexico and the contact is Alberto Diosdado . The originator on the deal is Agustin Perez .
Marcelo , Evidently , there has been some discussion regarding the use of Enpower for Natural Gas basis options . As a result I've been advised to hold off on any meetings until further notice . Thanks again for all of your help and I will be in touch with you as soon as I know how we are going to progress . Susan
I was just wondering if there was any more information available regarding the upcoming Super Saturday events . I would be glad to help out in any capacity . Thanks , Susan
Thought you'd get a kick out of this one . By the way , did you guys end up doing the "holiday greeting" thing ?
Both legs have been rebooked . Thanks , Susan
Denise , a few weeks ago someone who is charge of computer stuff ( in Omaha , I believe -- I cannot remember her name ) called and we discussed replacing my 2 machines with a laptop . Do you know who I am talking about ? I think I had you call her to give her info on my upstairs computer . Anyhow , before we order anything it might be good to make sure she and Jeff Nguyen are on the same page about this . Could you follow up on this ? Let me know if you have trouble getting in touch w/the right people . Thanks .
I would like to reserve a spot at tomorrow's brown bag with Billy Lemmons . Thank you , Susan Scott
This email is in regards to the Halloween party at the Continental Club . I would like to confirm my attendance for the night of the Oct . 26 . Thank you , Susan Scott
I am planning to be out Friday , Oct . 27 and Monday , Oct . 30 .
Did any of your traders do a deal with Larry May at Sumas selling half-a-day at +.03 ?
Yes , the deal would have been for today . I'm not sure who the trader was and Larry has already left for the day . I will probably just leave a note for him with his packet and resolve the issue tomorrow . Thanks , Susan Enron Capital & Trade Resources Canada Corp .
I believe this email was intended for you .
I see no reason to acknowledge your presence given the way you are harassing me . I no longer know you . It is also not appropriate for you to tell me what is the right thing to do . Please do not attempt to contact me again .
Hey Darren , Just thought I'd let you know that Billy Lemmons mentioned you by name in one of the Analyst/Associate brown bag lunches . He was talking about the Ag Trading initiative and who spear-headed the effort ( I think the other guy he mentioned was Jay Fitzgerald) . Anyway , thought you'd like to now you're definitely making a name for yourself around here . Hope things are going well with you . Talk to you soon , Susan
Your welcome . As for myself , I'm doing pretty good these days . I've been up in Austin practically every weekend for the games and have actually been managing to go out a bit more here in Houston during the week in an effort to become social again . There isn't too much new in Tejas...the weather's still warm and a bit on the muggy side , but what can you expect it's only almost November . Today is Wednesday , so of course Steak Night is on the agenda for this evening . Actually , the guy who trained me for my current job is leaving Enron and his happy hour just happens to be at Little Woodrow's tonight - how convenient . On the man front , I've put myself back out on the "market" so to speak and have a couple of pursuant suitors right now ( although , I don't know that in the end any of them will pass muster) . Unfortunately for them I am somewhat sceptical of guys in general these days ( especially ones that I can't get background information on through friends) , but I'm trying not to let that color my opinion too much . Not to worry about your former neighbor either , I haven't seen or talked to him in a couple of weeks and that's okay with me . Drop me a line when you get the chance , Susan
I don't want to stop being nice , but I think it gets me into trouble .
It's muster - to pass inspection...(how does mustard make sense ? It's not like the Grey Poupon commercials. ) Main Entry: 1mus?ter Pronunciation: 'm&s-t&r Function: noun Etymology: Middle English mustre , from Middle French Date: 14th century 1 : a representative specimen : SAMPLE 2 a : an act of assembling; specifically : formal military inspection b : critical examination c : an assembled group : COLLECTION INVENTORY Get some rest , it's probably pretty easy to catch a cold with the damp , cold weather there . Susan
Let me know what you think .
Here's the letter with some slight changes . Drew and I thought it better to mention the interconnect for regulatory reasons . Questions ? let's chat . Thanks .
Lorraine -- answers to some of your questions . Questar Line 90 Company purchased the facilities from ARCO for a total of $38 million . At the time it made its FERC application , Questar Southern Trails' estimated cost of 1 ) purchasing the facilities from Line 90 Company and 2 ) converting the line to gas service via the construction of compressor stations and various pipeline replacements , realignments and extension: 155 million . I assume you want more detail so I'll have Mike Vannorden get the relevant exhibits . Southern Trails proposed to install 7 new compressor stations . These are detailed on Table 1 in their application cover letter ( on my desk if you want to take a look) . The various pipeline modifications they proposed to make are described in some detail on pages 12 - 16 . Available capacity: 120,000 Dth/day in West Zone; 87,500 in East Zone . I will have Mike send you exhibits I believe might be of interest .
Mike , as we discussed yesterday , please get a copy of the following exhibits to the "Happy Trails" application in Docket No . CP99-163-000: Exhibit K - Cost of facilities Exhibit N - Revenues , expenses , income Exhibit O - Depreciation and depletion Please send them directly to Lorraine Lindberg at EB4150G . If you have any questions she can be reached at 713-853-5403 . Or -- I'll be here the rest of the day today . Thank you !
So....Can you cover me for one night next week ? I could be back the next morning by 8:00 am .
No need to apologize for keeping me out Wednesday night , it was probably more a case of me keeping myself out ( I have been known to do that on occasion) . I'm sorry I didn't return your call yesterday , but I had a pretty crazy day here and that mixed with me only running on about two cylinders effectively cut me off from the outside world . As for being upset about anything , don't worry I'm not . You know me well enough to know that my actions are my own . I'm not sure if I'm going to stay in Austin Saturday night or not , but in case I do my cell # is 281-844-0866 . Susan I'll see you at Purvi's happy hour if you end up going .
The Post-Ted Susan is out of control . In less than a week's time I have mugged down with 3 guys and have a fourth one emailing me to go out sometime . Funny thing is I'm not really interested in any of them , just having fun . Hope all well with you . Susan
Don't know when you'll get a chance to read this , but I must confess it made me a bit teary eyed . I didn't think he had it in him to be so eloquent . As for New Year's Eve , I have to say I'm kind of with Kasey . As much as I'd love to see Gary P. , I don't really want to risk the drive and I'm guessing no one else does either . Hope you had a good weekend and I'll talk to you soon . Sue
Hey , Quick question , I was hoping to go get my car detailed this weekend and I remembered that you had your truck detailed a while back...I was wondering where you had it done and if you thought they did a good job (  I'm assuming the place is pretty close to our area of town) . I finally got into the parking garage and have decided I now have real incentive to keep my car looking nice . Hope things are well with you . I talked to Darren last week and it sounds as though he is extremely busy these days . I'm guessing the story's much the same with you - a far cry from the listless days you two spent in Net Works . Anyway , if you could let me know about the detailing I would appreciate it . Susan By the way , since there's no telling if I'll have the opportunity to gloat two weeks from now ( Tech in Lubbock is never a safe bet ) - and while neither season has been one for the record books ( except of course for our loss to OU - one of the worst in history ) - I noticed that unlike the Longhorns , your beloved Bruins are conspicuously absent from the top 25 . Oh well , c'est la vie .
Kyle , I want you to know how much getting your email today meant to me . I was hoping to be able to respond with the same kind of care and consideration you showed , but - as you can see from the time on this email - today has been a bit on the rough side . I will continue my thoughts tomorrow when I have more time to gather them , but until then I wanted you to know that I did get the email and that it contained quite possibly some of the kindest and most touching things ever said to me . And , please know that you would never , ever be put in one of my stalker catagories...you could never be lumped in any catagory with the SP's of the world . Susan As for the good-bye , I would have to give it high marks as well .
Deal # Q47477 has been rebooked .
Thanks . As for getting talked into buying all the extras , I'm not as easily convinced of things as some people I know (  Cow fingers?) . Halloween at the Big E wasn't nearly as fun as I'd hoped...I mean , they keep the candy in machines and you have to actually pay for it...that just borders on cruel . Susan By the way , you'll have to question the college coaches and sports writers out there if you have any issues with the rankings . I am merely the messenger .
Week from HELL!!! !
Denise -- can you order this for me ? Let me know if you need any info . I'll need the laptop plus 2 docking stations , one upstairs and one down . And a normal monitor & keyboard .
Looks like Continental is our best bet at $620 per ticket , which I'm assuming reflects the beginning of the official high season in C.R . American is slightly lower but you have to go THRU MIAMI ! Ick ! There is a 9:30 a.m . out of Houston on 12/9 and the return trip from San Jose is at 8:10 a.m . ( a 3 p.m . was also available) . They're holding the tickets for us; if we want them , we have to decide before COB tomorrow .
login: sscott5 Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Attached is a draft of an answer to protests received in Docket No . RP01-56 . Please let me know your comments before noon tomorrow if possible . Thanks .
Can we have a 10-15 min meeting sometime today before 3:00 p.m. ? Also , I've filled out the remainder of the login and password file for my information .
Deal #Q75558.2 - Counterparty is CIA Papelera Mandonado and the counterparty contact is Francisco Elosua . Agustin Perez is the originator on the deal .
Stacey , I was wondering if there was still room in the brown bag today with Dan Reck . If there are spaces available , I would like to add my name to the list of attendants . Thanks , Susan
Let me know if any of the deals values in the attached file are incorrect . Thanks , Susan
Here's what I've added to my answer to address Ni's question . Let me know if you have comments . I'll have a final draft out shortly . Prior to the deadline for filing interventions , Transwestern received a request from Commission staff for clarification of the criteria for awarding of Shipper call options . The procedure will be as follows: an advance posting will specify the term of the available option , term of transportation service , transportation volume , and instructions for bidding . Shipper call options will be awarded based upon the highest rate payable for the option component .
Here is what I think is a final draft...I'm going to give it one last read thru...if you have further comments let me know immediately . Thanks .
done .
Jessica , I'm sorry I never got in touch with you last weekend , but I had the wrong phone number with me and didn't have enough brain power to think of using Information . I don't think I would have been much fun anyway since I pretty much just ended up sleeping the whole weekend . In fact , I fell asleep in the car on the ride back to my sister's house after the game and my parents decided to just leave me in the car . I think I was probably out there for an hour before I woke up ( needless to say I was very confused) . Anyway , hope things are going well for you and Clay . I know everything must be kind of crazy for both of you right now with finals coming up and all of the interviewing you've both no doubt been doing . I really want to get a chance to see you and chat...I don't feel like we've had a good one in forever . I will be in Austin over Thanksgiving for the game , so we could try to touch base then if you're going to be in town . If not , I'm sure I can manage at least one weekend trip during December if there's a good weekend for you . Just drop me a line when you get a chance and let me know what's new with you . Susan Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Count me in for tomorrow's brown bag lunch with Berney Aucoin . Thanks , Susan Scott
Thanks Carrie . I went ahead and made the counterparty name change so that it will be properly reflected next month . Susan
"Kitty Fun Barbie" Complete with Marshmallow the cat ( with long , brushable fur) , cat toys , little cans of Fancy Feast , and , get this: a carrier thaqt becomes a litter box ! "Marshmallow drinks and wets in the litter box . Scoop up the clumps after she goes . So real!"
Hey Kyle , You'll be happy to know that I think I finally caught up on all of the sleep I've been missing out on of late . Last week was extremely trying at work , I think I probably put in a good 70-75 hrs . between Monday and Friday , and thus resulted in me being a complete and total vegetable this weekend . Anyway , I'm assuming you've been trying to relax as well and have some fun before embarking on your new career with Valero . I'm sure your decision to leave Enron and move back to San Antonio will prove to be the right one . In regards to dinner this Friday...I would definitely like to get together before you leave . Given how I've been feeling on Friday evenings as of late ( monumentally exhausted) , sometime earlier in the week might be better . However , if Friday's the only time you can do it then Friday it is . Just let me know what works for you . Of course , regardless of what night it is , it's probably going to have to be on the later side to accommodate Larry's lackey ( i.e . me) . Susan
Marcelo , Thanks for the update . I have been given a green light as well to go ahead and start testing my traders deals . Let me know if you just need TAGG deal numbers for testing purposes , or if I need to rebook deals myself in your test version in order to compare it valuation with the valuation in my excel models . Thanks , Susan Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Sagittarius Sagittarius Since every Saj is equal parts idealist and gambler , your relationship should be very interesting . You're great pals , marvelous traveling companions , a pair of high-flying , activist/adventurers . Just come down to earth once in awhile -- or find someone else to do it for you . This union requires periodic reality checks . You share each others ideals , interests and adventures like no one else can . Both of you like to read , study , observe , learn and teach . When you're doing all those things together , life may get exhausting but never boring . Travel is part of the glue that holds you together . So here's a warning: Separate vacations are a no-no . Each of you is such a wanderer , somebody might not come back -- or remain at home .
The Star Diva has spoken ! I believe she is correct in everything but the last part...if you really wanted to go somewhere by yourself , I know you would come back . And I would miss you while you were gone ! I cannot imagine wanting to go on a trip without you , and I don't consider myself a "wanderer," either .
Here's the service list
Here is a very rough draft -- an outline , really -- of an answer to Indicated Shippers' protest . Please provide comments as you see fit . I will probably not have time to look at them until later in the afternoon tomorrow , at which time I will also do a lot more writing ( i.e. , making complete sentences , transitions , heading , conclusion , etc.) . In other words , of greatest interest to me right now are your ideas on the best way to rebut the Shippers' arguments ( including identifying those that might be safe to ignore) . Thank you !
CONGRATULATIONS !  I just found out that you were extended an offer by the Big E . I can't tell you how happy I am that I didn't have to question the intelligence of my company . Hope you had a good birthday and I'll see you at the A&M game .
Denise , please put these meetings on my calendar . Thanks .
Hello Dave . My understanding is that FERC does not yet require electronic contracting , but that many pipelines do offer it voluntarily . Best regards , Susan
Today the Commission issued a tolling order on our request for rehearing in the PNM capacity docket . As you recall , we asked for rehearing of the Commission's requirement that TW's acquisition of capacity be limited to the summer months . The tolling order is simply FERC's way of buying time to consider our request . In the absence of Commission action within 30 days of our rehearing request , our request would have been deemed denied...so we're doing well so far . There is no deadline for the Commission to act on our request . I'll watch to see whether it appears on the Commission's agenda .
Gregory , The book code is XZP for all of the Basis option deals . The book code does not change month to month , it is always XZP . Thanks , Susan
Thanks for the attached deal information , Shouan . Looking at the data I feel confident that , once we are past the first day of the month , the gas daily options curveshift is valuing correctly . However , I am still concerned with the valuation from 10/31 . Is there anyway to see same breakdown on 11/2 and 11/3 for 10/31's position . If you could send me that information in the same format I think we may have an answer for the changed deal value we saw fall out of my trader's book on 11/1 . Susan
Low blow with the "weekends are my time..." comment . Anyway , Friday should be cool so just go ahead and give me a call in the afternoon and we'll go from there . Susan - - Gas prices up almost $.50 in two days...it is a madhouse around here .
Get me a ticket and I'll see what I can do...I call later .
Ted , here are a few suggested changes . Also , regarding the language you crossed out at the bottom of paragraph 1 ( about notice of default , payment within 15 days , etc.) , I do not think that language was objectionable from a legal standpoint , and might actually be helpful as far as giving them a payment deadline . However , if it's inconsistent with your procedures , or you just don't like having to give them notice , I see no problem at all with crossing it out .
Ted , I made one addition .
Hi Mum ! So good to see you this weekend ! It was great to meet Eric; what a sweet man . Fun too ! I can see why you are so crazy about him ! Craig realenjoyed meeting you also . Our trip home was somewhat hair-raising but we made it back safely . I can't believe I am still here at work ! Took a break to make my list foryou . It is somewhat random . Feel free to collaborate with K&J.. . Love , Sooz - CD case ( small -- for 12 or so CDs out of their boxes ) - small duffel bag to take to the pool ( smallest Eddie Bauer , or Nike alsomakes a comparable size ) -- really need this -- any color except all-blackSee: www.eddiebauer.com/eb/product.asp?product_id=3D17368&nv=3D5|214|231 - sleepwear -- all kinds -- size XS usually fits best - travel coffee mug - Clinique "Happy" body lotion - Amazon.com wish list - Bag from Kenneth Cole )  see website ( www.kennethcole.com ) ( style =3D "Ladies Night" in black . Also like "Ladies Who Lunch." ) - Cashmere sweater set from Banana Republic ( any color except charcoal gray ) Size S shell; size XS cardigan if available . See: Also like cashmere crewneck style in port , size XS AND -- merino wool v-neck pullover in any color , size XS - gold bracelet -- chain or cuff - jewelry -- all kinds
Stacey , Please include me on the list for Tuesday's brown bag with Jen Fraser . Thanks , Susan
Here is a draft that incorporates Drew's , Steve Stojic's , Maria's and some of Shelley's comments ( Shelley hasn't gotten all the way thru the draft yet) . Please take a look at the draft and let me know if you have comments today . Still working on justifying transporter options , as you can see on page 5 . If possible I'd like to send it to Nancy to file today . Thanks , Susan
Agustin , I am trying to confirm the counterparty on one of your deals so that it can be properly assigned in TAGG . The ticket for the deal in question reads Barcel Mexico . However , I spoke recently with Beatrice Reyna who informed me that you believed the counterparty to be one of the Bimbo companies . If you wouldn't mind looking into this and getting back to me with the correct counterparty name it would be much appreciated . Thanks , Susan Deal Parameters - Costless Collar Deal Date: 8/24/00 Delivery Point: Avg ( IF-TETCO/STX and PGE ) ENA Sells: $5.20 Call ENA Buys: $4.00 Put
Nancy and Mike , please sign the attached and file it today , and deliver copies to those staff members who got copies of our initial filing . Please fax a signed copy to Denise LaGesse at 713-853-5425 and she'll do the service list mailout . Any questions -- give me a call at 713-853-0596 ( fyi - I have a meeting from 11 to 1 but will take a break to check messages) .
Glen , as we discussed , here is the negotiated rate TW deal which TK did today under Rate Schedule ITS-1 . The term is ONE DAY , Nov . 15 . I know this is a bit unusual . We are just going to have to ask the FERC for a waiver of their "before gas flows" filing requirement . Given the price spreads and the shippers' willingness to pay more than max . rates for short-term deals , we might have more deals like this . We probably need to put our heads together to come up with a better procedure for when this happens . It would be so much better if we were able to send tariff sheets via e-mail to our D.C . office . Call if you have questions or need anything . p.s . the tariff sheet we need to file is 5B.05 .
Mary , I finally was able to locate my copy of the Alternative Rates Policy Statement and found the following language: "A pipeline may file the numbered tariff sheet implementing the negotiated rate at the time it intends the rate to go into effect . The Commission does not intend to suspend the effectiveness of negotiated rate filings or impose a refund obligation for those rates . For these reasons , the Commission will readily grant requests to waive the 30 day notice requirement." I think it might be fair to interpret the first sentence such that it's OK to file on the same day . This reinforces my belief that our waiver language is fine as is .
Still need to add a few things , but most of it's already there . The only things missing are the GD files we created and the GD FOM valuation problem that I've been working on with Shouan and Jeremy ( there was a bug in the code) .
Ted -- see minor changes on the attached . Try to get them to agree to Texas law . ( Might help to point out that our interconnect agreement with Calpine as well as any transport agreement will be governed by Texas law. ) Thanks , Susan
Any interest in doing something tonight ?
On November 2 , 2000 , the California PUC issued an Order Instituting Investigation into the adequacy of Sempra's , SoCal's and SDG&E's planning of SoCal's and SDG&E's gas transmission system and what measures should be taken to correct any deficiencies . The parties have been ordered to appear and show cause at a hearing ( to be scheduled by the assigned ALJ ) demonstrating that: - SDG&E has adequate gas and transmission supply for the 2000/2001 winter heating season , as well as the longer term throughout the year . If such supply is not adequate , SDG&E shall submit plans for obtaining an adequate supply . - SDG&E's gas and transmission supply is adequate to meet anticipated need for gas-fired electric generation . If not , SDG&E shall submit plans for obtaining adequate supply . - SDG&E's gas transmission service is not being adversely affected by interests of its corporate affiliates . - Recently added demands on SDG&E's capacity are not negatively impacting supply for SDG&E's customers , and are otherwise consistent with representations to the Commission . - SDG&E's current gas curtailment rules are just and reasonable; if not , SDG&E shall propose changes . A written response from the three parties on these issues is due on November 22 . Other parties may file comments on the response within 10 days after the response is filed . The Commission also ordered SDG&E to evaluate whether an interim , interruptible program , which will provide cost incentives to those customers voluntarily electing interruptible service , is needed this winter . If so , SDG&E must submit a proposal for expedited Commission consideration . The OII represents the Commission's response to an Advice Letter filed by SDG&E requesting emergency review and approval of its proposal to temporarily revise the gas transportation service level elections of its large electric generation customers . The Advice Letter was heavily protested and was withdrawn by SDG&E . In my conversation with Mark Baldwin regarding our pending consulting agreement for monitoring California regulatory matters for Transwestern , I asked him to watch for Sempra's Nov . 22 filing and to advise whether he believes Transwestern should file comments or appear at the hearing that is to be scheduled . I will follow up with Mark , and provide you with a copy of the filing .
Edwards Greenway The Legend of Bagger Vance Will Smith helps Matt Damon find his lost swing in "The Legend of Bagger Vance." Will it be an ace or air shot ? Remember the Titans In "Remember the Titans," Denzel Washington stars as a high school football coach tackling racism in the 1970s . Pay It Forward In "Pay It Forward," a boy tries to set his teacher up with his alcoholic mother . Not your usual happy hour . River Oaks Billy Elliot Boxing and ballet don't make for boyhood bliss in "Billy Elliot." Try saying that three times fast .
I definitely want to renew , but as you know I never get home before the leasing office closes . I've got paintball Saturday morning but I know that won't take all day so maybe I can go by in the afternoon to sign any necessary papers . My guess is you'll need to sign some papers as well .
Hi Maria Victoria ! I'm planning to be there right at 12 . At the entrance they usually have a table where you pick up your name tag; we can meet there if you like . See you soon !
Mark: Please review the attached agreement , which is similar to what was in place before . I have not included specific projects in the agreement , but at the outset , consistent with our conversation the other day , we will need you to monitor the following proceedings and provide us with updates and copies of any orders or presentation materials: - Gas Industry Restructuring proceeding ( I.99-07-003 ) If you have any questions , please give me a call . If the attached is acceptable to you , please print it out and sign it , and return it to me . We look forward to working with you ! Sincerely , Susan Scott Transwestern Pipeline Company 1400 Smith St. , Room 4788 Houston , Texas 77002
From astrology.com ( must I beware of overindulgence in such websites? ) I like the part about charm and charisma and think it is very true . Sagittarius and Sagittarius When two Sagittarians join together in a love match , the truth-loving natures makes theirs a near perfect relationship . This couple views the world around them with an educated eye and both share an intense hunger for more knowledge . They will engage one another in pleasant conversation and banter that challenges and tickles the mind . An occasional hotheaded dispute can erupt in the Sagittarius-Sagittarius relationship , when one fact-fanatic Sag partner carries things a little too far . Easygoing and independent , these two are compatible when it comes to balancing personal interests . They've never known jealousy , and each partner keeps busy with personal projects when not with their lover . When they are together , however , they do all they can toward pleasing their partner and satiating common interests . Although they are adaptable and modern , they can , at times , fly off the handle . However , it is not in the Archer's nature to hold a grudge or let disagreements fester very long . Sagittarius is ruled by the Planet Jupiter ( Luck) . Expansion is the key word here; as both partners enjoy the acquisition of knowledge , they will carry over exciting ideas into their relationship . They must be mindful of over-indulgences , as such gluttony will only distract them . Their charm and charisma make them a very pleasant couple not only to one another , but the entire crowd .
First of all , this is a brand-new contract , not a modification of one that used to be IT . It's for LFT space that we have posted according to our usual procedure . A receipt point has now been specified: Bloomfield Compressor . Our tariff allows us to cancel LFT up to 10 days a month , but it also provides that the parties can agree that the number of days can be fewer , so Sempra negotiated us down to only one day . TK worked with Darrell Schoolcraft on this and they determined this would be acceptable from an operational standpoint . Scheduling will happen pursuant to the LFT priority set forth in our tariff . I left a message for you just now; call when you have a minute .
Demetrius , what I nice e-mail ! It was great to see you too . Unfortunately I have a really busy short week this week; we are trying to get something filed at FERC . If you're in town next week do give me a call or e-mail . I hope you have a happy Thanksgiving ! Susan
Strangely enough a Tuesday night would probably be better for me too . I think an all girls gift exchange would be really fun but , as you guys well know , I'm up for anything . As for restaurants , I just tried this new place called Bossa's and it was really good . It's right across from the Rice Hotel downtown and has a neat atmosphere . Of course there are also all kinds of places around our "area of town" that would be great as well...PF Chang's , Mi Luna , Americas , La Griglia ( sp?) , etc . etc . Just let me know the time and place . Thanks again Lisa for organizing all of this , you're the greatest . Susan PS- If any one has an urge to grab a bite to eat or coffee either tonight or tomorrow night let me know . I feel like I haven't seen you guys in forever .
Hey , I'll try and give you a call tonight at your flat . As far as "free nights" over Thanksgiving go...I'm pretty much open Tues , Wed , Fri and Sat . Katy and I are very excited about taking you out to get some REAL margaritas . I can't remember where your favorite ones are , but where ever they may be the drinks are on me . ( Although given your increased tolerance these days , you may break me) . The reason I was asking about when you were coming home is...Jeffy Jeff is playing Gruene Hall the 15th and 16th of December and If you were up to it , I thought it'd be a good weekend trip for you , Katy , myself and whomever else may want to tag along ( especially since it doesn't look like we'll be making it to Gruene over New Years) . Plus , if we did go I think I could swing leaving Friday night and not coming back until Monday morning...The outlet mall is calling your name . Talk to you soon , Susan PS - I have encouraging news regarding London , I'll tell you more about it when I talk to you .
Like I was saying the other night , there are a lot of funny emails going around these days.. . Travis thought you'd get a kick out of this.. .
Thought you'd like this one.. .
Hey Wilson , Yep , I'm still in Houston for the time being...I'll probably be here through March of next year when my current rotation ends . Everything's going pretty well , work is still consisting of long hours but I think ultimately the hard work is going to pay off . In fact , the whole London thing is looking pretty good right now . There might be an opportunity for me to get into some structuring and originating roles over there which is much more along the lines of where I'd like to go ( versus this whole trader support thing - great experience for the time being , but definitely not a permanent role) . Glad to hear things are still well with you . Sounds like you're still the same old Wilson...working deals and hooking-up . You'll have to let me know when you're going to be in town so we can get the gang together to go out . It looks like Darren's going to be back in town for about 6 weeks or so coming up so hopefully we could all make a steak night reunion . I've been going out quite a bit as well and have had a couple dates , but nothing really to speak of . I was kind of on a rampage over the last month just messing with guys heads ( flirting , getting them to buy me drinks , giving them my number and then completely ignoring them) . I think it was some need I had to treat your entire gender like shit . I'm pretty much over it though . It's not really in my nature to be like that , just a reactionary thing for having been treated like crap myself . Keep in touch and let me know when you're going to be in town . Susan
Hey Darren , It's funny you mentioned Wilson because I just got an email from him this morning . He seems to think he'll be in Houston in the near future as well . Hopefully , we can all get together and go out or hit steak night for some cold ones . So H-town for six weeks hugh ? Why the mixed feelings ? Are they work related or were you just starting to get settled in London ? Anyway , I'll have to give Nick a call about the big news...I may have an idea what it's all about but then again maybe not . So what's with this Kiwi girl ? Because , I actually have made some progress regarding London . Turns out there may be some structuring and originating opportunities for me over there which would be much more in line with where I'd like my "career" to be going versus the other opportunities I was being offered . Either way , I won't be going over until March or April of next year so it's still a ways off . As for the guy scene...yes , there has been some courting but nothing really to speak of . I've gone out on a couple of dates but I can't say I really see them going anywhere . Most of the guys around my age are still pretty insecure and I'm never going to be the kind of girl that wants to "shape and mold them" into men...I just don't have the patience or the inclination . And the other end of the spectrum ( single guys in their late 30's/early 40's ) who seem to hover around like gnats just give me the creeps . Oh well , as I've said before "hope springs eternal" . Talk to you soon , Susan
It sounds great...we'll figure out a good time then . I've really missed you guys these last few weeks . I've been completely MIA .
I completely forgot to call you this afternoon...it got kind of crazy around here . If you're going to be at the flat any time tomorrow shoot me off and email and I'll call you in the morning , . ...otherwise I'll talk to you tomorrow when you get to H-town .
Hey Julie , Congratulations on the promotion , that's so exciting ( I'm sure you've more than earned it) . I just wanted to drop a line and see how work , your new apartment/roommate and Brendan are all doing . All are wonderful I hope . I realize this is somewhat random , but I just found some great airfares from Houston to San Diego ( $99 each way!!! ) and was wondering what you were doing the weekend of Dec . 15 ? I know this time of year is kind of crazy so I will totally understand if you have holiday parties , etc . to attend . Regardless , this deal is good for travel through the end of February 2001 , so....if it doesn't look like it's going to work before the end of the year , maybe I could make a visit mid-January or February . Have a great holiday weekend and I'll talk to you soon . Susan
I just received a call from Nancy Bagot informing me that FERC has issued a draft order suspending our proposed Transport Options tariff sheets until May 1 , 2001 and accepting them subject to the outcome of a technical conference . The technical conference is to take place within 120 days of the order and will address issues raised in protests . I should be receiving a copy of the draft order soon . Please call or e-mail me if you have questions .
FYI . Jan , I know Shelley's out; I left her a voice mail .
Couple of minor changes . Looking good !
Okay , there's a flight out of Houston on the 15th that gets into SD at 10:45 pm and the return flight is on Sunday around 3:30 . If that works for you I'm going to go ahead and book the ticket now . I'm so glad to hear that you're move was such a rousing success . As for myself and all of the guy juggling , I'm trying to get that under control . Truth be told , none of them are worth a dime . I think it was more of an ego thing on my part . Anyway , I still can't see the point in wasting time on guys I'm not interested in so ( like I said ) I've ceased the rampage . I'm not taking any time off for Christmas so this trip would be a very welcomed respite . Let me know about the times . Susan
Does anyone know this person or his organization ? Is this something our membership might be interested in ? Frankly I have been too busy to think about this -- if you have any comments let's talk . Susan Scott
Here are a couple of deals to look at . Thanks , Susan
Drew -- I worked with Jeff on this draft so it already contains my comments .
This would be analogous to every time you send me an e-mail , I forward it directly to Drew and Maria . How do you tactfully advise your coworkers about corporate etiquette ? I wonder . On a substantive note , I sincerely believe the analysis MKM wants is beyond the scope of this letter , and would have no qualms about sending it .
for bullets
As to your question about what's going on in California , I've done some reading and here are my thoughts . The Nov . 1 FERC order in Docket No . EL00-95-000 , in which the Commission ordered a $150/MWh price cap ( among other things) , was predicated on the Commission's authority under Section 206 of the Federal Power Act . Specifically , the FPA provides that if the Commission finds that "any rate , charge or classification for jurisdictional services , or any rule , regulation , practice or contract affecting such rate , charge or classification" is unjust or unreasonable , the Commission shall determine the just and reasonable rate , charge , classification , rule , regulation , practice , or contract that should be in effect . The Commission recognized that certain areas of the flawed California market are not within its jurisdiction , but "fixed" the areas within its jurisdiction . Apparently the California governor agrees with me that the Commission's jurisdiction in the area of wholesale electricity prices is questionable.. . In any event , if the Commission wanted to open a proceeding to investigate the justness and reasonableness of negotiated gas transportation rates , its authority to do so would be much clearer . The Natural Gas Act expressly authorizes FERC to declare unlawful any transportation rate that is not just and reasonable . "Just and reasonable" has been interpreted in many different contexts and the Commission has significant discretion over what it means . As we all know too well , the Commission sometimes acts unpredictably . However , my feeling is that it will probably take more than 2 or 3 above-max-rate contracts to motivate the FERC to act to declare a negotiated rate deal , struck within a pipeline's tariff authority , to be unjust and unreasonable . The California proceeding was initiated after entire communities of individual consumers suffered 200-300% increases in their electricity bills . The prices for electricity in California were outrageous across the board and affected everyone in the state . By contrast , TW's transport rates for its short-term deals are far removed from end user prices and the practice of negotiating higher than max rate deals is probably not widespread enough for anyone to notice . It is far from being a consumer issue , and besides , the elections are over . However , as you and I have already discussed , we must be wary of parties like Dynegy that do notice just about everything and who might try to draw it to FERC's attention . We do need to watch to see whether other pipelines serving California are doing the same types of deals . Kathy , why don't you and I discuss a system of monitoring the contract information postings of El Paso , Kern , PGT/NW . Drew , obviously I've only scratched the surface here so let's talk if you want a more in-depth report .
Sorry it took me so long to get back to you . Unfortunately , I'm not a betting woman ( I'm afraid any team I bet on is automatically jinxed and I can't vote against my alma mater)...so I will kindly refrain from any wagers . Have a great Thanksgiving Holiday , Susan The options book is still the options book and I think I will have put in at least 36 of my 40 hours this week . I know , I know...I'm not working hard enough ,
Hey Chris , I was wondering if there was a fax number at the base so that my apartment complex can send you some info . regarding getting your name taken off of our lease . If there is , just shoot me off an email with the number and I'll pass it along to them . Hope things are going well and that you're not too homesick with Thanksgiving and all . I have a feeling I will be talking to you guys tomorrow along with both of our parents and extended family members . Have a great holiday and root on the Horns (  I think this is going to be a tough one) . Love , Susan
For your information . The outcome was great for TW because the Cal . PUC adopted our receipt point proposal , eliminating the danger of mandated restriction of TW's deliveries to the California border . The outcome is not so great for Enron overall because they rejected our proposed settlement . The receipt point proposal was able to survive since it was part of both of the competing settlements . I'm still trying to get thru the whole order; let me know if you have questions .
Well , given the impressive results of Friday's game , I suppose I should've taken the bet...I mean I knew we were good , but I didn't realize we were THAT good . Watching the game I couldn't help but remember some comments made not too long ago about this being a building season and that the Horns would be a force to be reckoned with come the next two seasons - - I love it when I'm right . With an increasingly more confident sophomore quarterback leading the charge and three ( count them three ) very mature freshman receivers all eager to make big plays , not to mention last year's top quarterback recruit Chance Mock serving as a back-up , next season promises to be something to watch . My condolences on your prospects not looking quite as bright .  Hope you had a nice Thanksgiving and good luck helping all of your Aggie co-workers through this trying time . Susan ( Oh and Chip , I'd store the Gig'em sweater-vest away for the next 360 days or so if you want to avoid any post-game ridicule...in a round about way you are an "Ag" man now. )
Remember we need to make a filing for our BP Energy deal , which becomes effective Dec . 1 . ( Mary , I think you and I talked about this several weeks ago) . The contract simply includes a right of first refusal for BP Energy . The contract is such that the shipper would not have been entitled to a ROFR under our tariff , which is why it's a material deviation . The filing will simply need to reference a tariff sheet on which the contract provision is described . Let me know if you need anything ( a copy of the contract , for instance) . I have a conf . call from 2 to 3 but otherwise should be available if you want to give me a call .
Although , as a women , "cojones" aren't necessarily the best attribute to have...there never has been , nor will there ever be a question of my possessing them - even you would have to concede that much . As for the bet , if I recall correctly ( and I always do ) someone once said they had a little bit of a "problem" gambling and I could not in good conscious have acted as an enabler . And , a true fan ( longhorn or not ) is there through the good times and the bad and believe me I been there through it all ( a degrading loss to your alma mater , as well as an unbelievably beautiful victory over Nebraska ) always managing to stick it out no matter how bleak things got . Speaking of which it must sting being beat by the last place team in your conference...but I'm sure the Pac-10's record against non-conference opponents is really helping to ease that blow . Speaking of feather's in the conference cap , looks like our next national champion is going to be from the Big 12 - will wonders never cease . My Monday is going great , thank you very much and I will show extreme restraint and refrain from any Chips comments (  Besides , I don't have time to type that much )  . UCLA could stand a chance next year if the NFL doesn't prove too tempting to some of your vets...how does that saying go , "Like rats fleeing a sinking ship?"
It was very small and petty of me , but I couldn't resist . Start with the last message and work your way up to get the full story . Good luck studying , Susan
Start at the bottom and work your way up....I'd forgotten this is how I get over guys , flush-out the shortcomings of their wit .
Lindy -- FYI . This is just really informal so I'd prefer you not forward to anyone yet . Drew and Maria are most familiar with this so I'm going to get their feedback first before setting up a meeting . I'll get with you before I set a meeting time to see when you're available .
I'd told my theory to my friend Linda , who wanted to be a social scientist and was always coming up with theories herself . I'd concluded that breasts were to sex what pillows were to sleep . "Guys might think they want a pillow , but they'll sleep just as well without one." She'd said , "Guys will sleep anywhere if they're really tired."
I found the picture from Tin Hall the other night and that guy at Whataburger was definitely one of the "cute cowboys." How weird is that ? Anyway , hope you're flight home and immediate transition to the classroom went smoothly . I guess I'll be seeing you in about two weeks and by that time , hopefully , I'll know more about my London prospects . Susan
Charles Bradley Scott....hope the wedding plans are still going well . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp .
Okay , so here's the debate...There's a flight out Friday night leaving Houston at 11:00 pm and getting into SD around 2:20 in the morning . The next earlier flight leaves Houston around 5:30 pm but unfortunately there's no way I could make that one because of work . The other option is to fly in Saturday morning like I did last time . I'm leaning towards leaving Friday night and just taking a cab to your place as long as you don't mind waking up to let me in . That way we'd have all day Saturday to do things and I wouldn't leave on Sunday until around 3:30 ( or I could even leave around 6:00) . Anyway , I was just wondering what you think about the various options ? Let me know and I'll try and book this thing today . Susan
Okay...My itinerary is as follows: Arriving in San Diego 2:20 am Friday night ( I'll need your new address for the cab ) and departing Sunday at 6:15 pm . If you just want to leave the key under the mat that would be perfect for me...I'll probably crash immediately anyway . I am so excited to be coming out there - - I really need a break from Houston...not to mention work . The Gas Lamp district Saturday night sounds like fun and I would love to meet your friends . Also , please don't feel like you have to plan the whole weekend , I have no problem going with the flow . See you in a couple of weeks , Susan
I am free for lunch on 12/4 . I'll see if Frazier's available . Why don't we choose a venue somewhere between Duke and downtown .
Hi Ashley ! A couple of things . First of all , my new renter , Doug , wonders whether he can just call the utilities & phone and transfer from his name to yours ( rather than you cancelling and him having to pay any re-hookup fees that may apply) . I don't know how it would work; maybe he could conference you in when he makes the calls . For what it is worth , he is a very nice guy to deal with , but it is totally up to you and I really don't care one way or the other . Also , I'm having someone come clean the place so you needn't worry about it , in case you were wondering . I will take care of it ( it looks pretty clean anyway!) . Please let me know your new address and I will send you your deposit refund next week . Merci ! Susan
CurveView Parameters Risk Type: Price ( P ) Source: NG_OMICRON_1,2,3...etc Curve Type: Volatility Percent ( VO )
Doug , Ashley's e-mail address is in the cc line if you want to get in touch with her . I hadn't thought that she might have had to put down a refundable deposit ( rather than a hookup fee ) for some of the utilities so logistically switching to your name might not be worthwhile , but it may be worth asking . Remember I have water covered . Call or e-mail if you have questions !
Actually , if you don't expect me to keep up with you the whole 8K's , I could probably muster up the energy . Besides , I'm planning on sleeping the entire way out there so I'll end up getting more sleep that night than normal . Do I need to do anything to sign up for the run ?
The deals included below are strictly index flat gas daily options . I'm going to send Shouan an Index +/- deal as well so that he can verify that the basis offset is valuing correctly in both situations .
If you could run the same valuation for Deal #'s QC1431.1 and QC1431.2 using Post-id 956785 , we could verify that they changes you've made correctly value the basis offset whether a deal index flat or index +/- .  Call me if you have any questions . Thanks , Susan
Well , how does it feel to be back ? I'm sure , even though our fair city can't compete with London for history and culture , there are a few things you've missed about this place . Hope the flight back was good and I'm sure I'll be seeing you around . Susan
I believe Leslie does regulatory/legal work for ENA on a contract basis .
Frazier tells me he's available . How about 11:45 at Little Pappasito's on Kirby @ Richmond ?
Let's plan on Friday before Christmas ! And Craig will join us , I'm sure . Please stay over at my place that night . That way you would not have to worry about driving all the way back to Tomball after partying downtown -- and we'd get to visit longer ! Right now I'm home with some nasty bug that's been going around the office . It is a big drag . Sheila came down with pneumonia right after Thanksgiving , and had to be hospitalized ! I think I should count myself lucky I only have the office bug . She is back home now , and begging me not to make the trip to Austin . Sounds like she is feeling a lot better . We're having a surprise party for Craig's 40th on Friday ! I don't know whether he suspects anything.. . Time for more cough medicine !
I'm dialling in from home -- got the bug that's going around the office . I'll call you in a few.. .
Jeff -- good wrap-up . May I forward to MKM and Drew ?
Great minds... .
FYI
Noon to 3 our time.. .
Steve and Lindy , as I mentioned in our staff meeting , it is probably not going to be possible to solve our max rate cap dilemma by making a tarifffiling unless we can 1 ) get FERC to change its mind about its policy thatrecourse rates always be available as an alternative to negotiated rates or2 ) prove that Transwestern lacks market power and should therefore be allowto charge market based rates . The following is a very brief outline of what would be required to prove laof market power . A warning: lack of market power is very difficult to prove . Koch , a pipeline that most in the industry would agree does lack market power , tried and failed . The deck is already stacked against us inTW's case given the withholding of capacity by El Paso's affiliate and theprice conditions in California . However , we do need to analyze the possibilities for TW , if not to the Cal . border , then on other parts of oursystem . Additionally , we need to discuss acceptable incentives for shipperto pay negotiated rates if we do not end up changing our tariff . Would you be availabile on Tuesday to discuss this ? Please let me know . Ithe meantime , here is a summary of FERC's policy on market based rates . To obtain authority to charge market based rates , TW would first have to request a declaratory order , and in its application provide information showing it meets the requirements outlined below . If the Commission findsall requirements have been met , it will issue an order and TW would then mathe appropriate tariff filing to put market based rates into effect . Application for declaratory order must include: 1 . Detailed description of the services proposed for market-based rate treatment . I assume in our case it would be firm transportation service . 2 . A statement defining the relevant product and geographic markets necessary for establishing the applicant lacks market power with respect tothe services at issue . The Commission requires a narrow definition of themarket("firm transportation" is probably narrow enough , but for our purpwe might want to narrow it down more ( i.e. , firm transportation East of Thoreau) . We have to define substitute services available to shippers(opipelines are a "good substitute" only if shippers can obtain the same quality of service on a timely basis , and if the other pipelines offer suchservice at a price that would deter TW from raising its prices more than 10% . All relevant "origin markets" must be defined ( Panhandle; West Texas)as well as "destination markets," and alternatives for shippers in those markets identified . Transportation alternatives are only good alternativesif they provide a netback to shippers that is roughly the same as if theyused TW . Note that the Commission has rejected capacity release as a goodalternative since it does not guarantee a shipper its desired contract quantity . 3 . Market share and HHI calculations; discussion of other relevant competitive factors . Commission looks at size of market share , mitigatingfactors such as ease of entry , and market concentration as measured by HHI.Market concentration has to be calculated for each relevant receipt point adelivery point . HHI is calculated by adding up the total market share andsquaring it . There is a presumption of no ease of entry for transportationservices because of the expense involved in constructing facilities . 4 . Proposal for accounting for costs and revenues .
The apartment complex needs for you to fax them a statement saying you are no longer living in our apartment and they need it by tomorrow morning . If I don't here from you via email/msngr by the end of tonight I'm going to forge one and fax it to them . Actually , I can do that regardless if you don't mind . Just drop me a line and let me know what works for you . Hope things are going well . I actually worked 21 straight hours the other day/night ( 7:45 am Tuesday until 4:45 am Wednesday)...I think this constitutes cruel and unusual punishment .
Also , there was a confirm that came in Friday with Amerex for you Buying 1/day BOM ( 12/2-12/31 ) HeHub Gas Daily $7.00 Call Option at $0.26 . The counterparty was Cinergy...Let me know if this is a good trade and we'll get it loaded into the system . Thanks , Susan
Received your message . Do we want to file a response to PNM's protest ? It basically contains the same arguments they launched at our 637 filing , and we did not file an answer to that .
Dan , I am currently sitting in the Coal group's old area on 32 . While dealing with some computer issues Friday , I came across an expandable file full of Coal related documents buried beneath my desk . The documents and contracts seem pretty old , which is why I assume no one has missed them . Still , I wanted to contact you to see if you would like me to run them down rather than simply discard them . If you could email or call me at x31455 and let me know what I should do with them I would appreciate it ( as you know space is limited up here) . Thanks , Susan
Kevin -- I've looked at the pooling agreement and I agree with you -- I don't believe taking the compressor down is at all limited under the agreement . Any further questions , let me know .
Please include my name on the list of attendants for the brown bag tomorrow . Thank you , Susan Scott
Call me with any questions . I'll send you the final version when I have the official NGI settle prices . Susan
Well , I have definitely taken a turn for the worse -- lots of drainage and coughing up green/yellow stuff . No fever at all , though . I go to the doctor tomorrow and hopefully will be on the road to recovery before Saturday . Received Jim's capilene shirts; they are nice . But I wanted to double check with you to make sure I got the right ones -- he wanted the medium-weight ones that are sort of like long-sleeved t-shirts , right ? The reason I am asking is that Patagonia also makes a capilene that is more like a fleece fabric and comes in a v-neck style.. . I will hold off on the bathtub spa for Mema . The last thing I want to do is buy her something she does not need ! Will stick to my pedicure gift certificate idea . So glad you are doing better . Too bad there was a delay in the flu vaccine this year or we both could have avoided a lot of trouble !
Sorry Beatrice , I sent this to Greg and forgot to send it to you as well . This is a preliminary file until I have the official NGI settle prices for Chicago City Gate and Socal . Let me know it you have any questions . Susan
Hey Lisa , Good job on the organization . Do you have any recommendations for what I could bring or is there anything you think we really need ? Also , just to double check , we're getting together next Monday night right ? Susan
Here are some of the main curves....attached is a file containing the rest .
Can we get together tomorrow to discuss the market based rates issues I raised last week ? If you can do it tomorrow , let me know what times you are not available and I'll schedule something around them . Thanks .
Hey guys , Just wanted to let you know that Kori Loibl has offered up her apartment as a Pre-party spot . The financial desk will be there as well as Purvi & her boyfriend and Mo "the bomb" Sanchez and her fianc,e John . Don't know if you guys have any interest , but the offer's open . Either way , we'll have to find someplace extend the festivities after the X-mas party shuts down...(the Black Swan , Eu-grope-a , etc) . Susan
We did not answer protests to our Order 637 filing . The gist of PNM's protest in RP00-626 is that we shouldn't be able to charge a transport or fuel fee for our imbalance netting and trading service . I agree with PNM that our tariff language is vague in this regard . What exactly do we mean by "no additional cost...unless through the allocation process , quantities may be subject to transportation and fuel"? ? Can someone help me with this ? Since we really did not want to make this compliance filing anyway , I would say we probably wouldn't mind if FERC rejected our tariff sheet outright . However , it's more likely that they will just instruct us to clarify our language . Or they could tell us to remove the "subject to transportation and fuel" provision . If we want to preserve our right to charge transport and fuel , it might be worthwhile filing something in the way of an answer . However , I am going to need some assistance in understanding what the language means and why we think we can do it , so I can justify it to FERC . Any comments you have in this regard would be appreicated .
Someone booked the entire Rainbow Lodge for a party this p.m . As alternatives , Chez Sooz recommends: La Mora Brennan's Please advise .
Shelley , I can take a stab at pulling together TW-related information today and will run it by Jeff to see whether he has anything to add . I am leaving on vacation Saturday and have a lot of other work to finish up here before I go . Therefore it might be best to bring in someone else from legal/regulatory to pull up the info for El Paso , Kern , etc .
I believe this message was intended for Susan M Scott of ENA . I'm with ETS Legal .
Lillian , please see the attached authorization memo . It is still in draft form , but since time is of the essence , Geneva advised me to forward it to you now so that you could start working on it . We would like to have the new company formed today if possible . I will let you know if I make any changes to the attached . In the meantime , please do not hesitate to call if you have questions . Susan Scott
Lillian , I forgot to add that the slate of directors and officers for Capacity Management Corp . will be identical to that of Transwestern Pipeline Company. ,
The deal has been rebooked . Thanks
Hey Bronwyn , I just realized I never emailed you back (  I am a bad , bad person) . Glad to hear things are going well with you . It was so neat to run into you in Houston , I see your brother around the building quite a bit but I don't think he recognizes me . I'll have to make a point to reintroduce myself the next time I see him . So what's new with you ? Have you moved ? I know you were thinking about LA a while back...I've got a couple of friends from high school who are living out there and are really having a good time . Anyway , I completely understand the urge to try something new . I too am thinking of making a move before next summer (  I don't know exactly where , but somewhere outside of Texas...I really need to experience something different) . Speaking of which , Emily is in London going to graduate school right now . I've already been to visit her once there and she's trying to talk me into moving over there . I would actually love to go , if there was a job with Enron there that interested me . As for my dating life , it is relatively unchanged . I was seeing one guy for a while , really liked him , things were going great (  I thought ) ...then he seemed to loose interest and decided 2 mos . into things to tell me he has issues and that he'd been married before . Needless to say , that was pretty much the end of things . It's made me a little hesitant when it comes to meeting new guys , but at the same time I had so much fun in the beginning that I'm still optimistic about my dating future . How about you ? Concerning Kappa...I'll give you a run down on everyone I still keep in touch with . Corey's in Law School at Texas (  doing great of course ) and has already secured a clerkship with a federal judge in Galveston when she graduates . Jessica Bateman is now Jessica Pulliam - and she too is in Law School at Texas and has secured a federal clerkship with a judge in Dallas when she graduates . Elizabeth's is in Med School in San Antonio and dating a fellow med student there . Stephanie Spence is now Stephanie Williams and is living and working in Dallas . Lisa Meador is getting married next April to a guy from Texas (  he was a KA , there Brad Thealman ( sp? ) )  who is absolutely perfect for her . That about sums it up , but if there's anyone else you're wondering about just ask...I can probably find out some scoop . Talk to you soon , Susan
Steve Stojic called to let me know that the technical conference in RP01-56 will be held on Jan . 9 at 10:00 . A notice will be issued shortly .
That was too cute . How's your week been going ? I can't wait to come out next week...it will be so nice to get away for a while . Susan
Don't you have work to do? ?
You planned that didn't you . You guys can't get enough of me . Enron Capital Management
It's compensation for poor self-esteem...Oh wait , I don't have poor self-esteem - You're right , Big Ego! ! Enron Capital Management
You guys better brace yourselves...there are some real doozies . I keep waiting for HR to just show up one day and fire us all (  her for telling the stories and us for listening) . Enron Capital Management
I believe this message was intended for Susan M Scott of ENA; I'm with ETS Legal .
Martha , I don't have any bullets but could you please send me last week's -- I think there are some old ones that need to be deleted . Thanks .
Here are the curves: GDP-CAL BORDER GDP-CHI . GATE Thanks for all of the help , Susan
THanks..I have no revisions . Enjoy the party !
Transwestern Transport Options: A technical conference is being scheduled for January 9 , 2001 .
OK , here's my 2 cents' worth: Avale Corp . I also like Enable . I think either one would look fine on an EBB list of customers.. . Also -- any name we choose could include the words Capacity Management . But I'm not sure we want to or need to be that descriptive . Basnea Corp . Basne Energy Management
This document contains both the El Paso and TW information . I'll bring you the printouts of the relevant El Paso tariff provisions .
Just so you can see how this is evolving.. . I think we should steer clear of anything involving Energy Services because it sounds like we are buying/selling gas . I've instructed the commercial group to get back to you with a name . When they do , let Lillian Bailey know ( x33577) . That is really the only information she still needs from us , I think . I'm reachable at 713-494-5002 for the rest of today .
The book code is ALWAYS - XZ . As for trade dates , that is not one of the fields I fill in for the exotics spreadsheet and I don't think that's something we'd really want to add as the file already takes up an extremely large amout of memory .
Hey Alicia , Katy's email address is katyhester@hotmail.com and her phone number is ( 281)351-5669 . I know she would love to talk to you more about travelling - she has a lot of great ideas about places to go , things to see and things to do . See ya , Susan
The only one I'm still not really sure about is Stanfield , which is in red .
As it appears I will be living and breathing the 32nd floor of the Enron building well through the first of the year , I've decided to break down and try to maintain my friendships via email . You all know me well enough to know that this a huge step on my part (  I am not the world's best emailer) . Anyway , I feel like I'm out of touch with what's going on in your collective lives and am thus missing out on some pretty wonderful , exciting and special things . So when and if any of you get a chance shoot me back a quick note and let me know what's new in your life . Love you guys , Susan Jennifer - Hope work is going well . I know this time of year has got to be crazy for anyone in your line of work , but I'm sure you're handling it well . We really need to go grab coffee , dinner , a movie or something soon . I'm in need of a good chat . Jessica - I know you're in the midst of finals right now and probably about to pull your hair out . Just focus on the fact that they'll be over soon and you'll be off to London to see Ashley and Lee (  I am so jealous) . Please tell Clay I say hello and wish him good luck as well on y'alls exams . Lisa - Hey sweetie ! I am so sorry I couldn't make it to your shower in SA , but Jen said it went really well . We need to get together soon I've missed seeing you and especially hearing about the wedding and all the fun goings ons in your life . Tell Brad I say "Hi" and I'll be glued to the TV set just like him on the on the 29th rooting on the Horns . Emily - I really want to hear how your Thanksgiving went with Thomas and the "Fam" . Knowing Thomas it went great and your entire family ( especially your Mom ) is absolutely in love with him . Keep me posted on your plans for the future (  I'm curious where you're going to end up geographically) . Also , I thought you'd find it interesting that I may have an opportunity to work in your old hometown - Chicago . Any thoughts ? Elizabeth - I have really been out of touch with you and I am very mad at myself for letting that happen . Please write back soon and let me know how school , your family and this new man in your life (  okay , I'm not completely out of touch ) are all doing . My guess is you're going through exams as well right now so I'll wish you the best of luck and infinite success .
Contrary to popular belief I am alive...The 22nd works for me too ( although given my current work situation I'm sure I'd be late - better late than never , right? ) Anyway , both of the current suggestions sound good (  I've been to Benji's - great food and heard really good things about Ousie's table as well) . But Laura was right , Lisa is currently my social planner - how scarey is that ? - so she'll make sure I know what's going on . Can't wait to see you guys , Susan
I am destined to be a dork....it's in the genes .
Have to agree with your assessment . And , I promise she will try like the dickens to do stuff with Niklaus ( sp? ) maybe at the expense of doing things with you . Mitch is the guy she's been seeing for about a month now . He came over last night to watch the Oscar's with us . Me in a wing-back and Lisa and Mitch holding hands , rubbing arms etc. , on the couch . This is the second time I can recall since being in the apartment with her that I've had to witness the "cuddle fest." Not to mention the "cuddle fest" we all witnessed with Chad at Europa . Maybe if she does come over you could be the little red devil on her shoulder encouraging her to hook up with Nik...force her to make some sort of decision about all these guys . She's in heat right now I swear . Every 5 sec . there's some new guy she thinks is hot . The guy serving us at Jason's Deli might be the next victim . She's totally out of control . I must say I loved the way she casually suggested the Nik probably wasn't your type anyway...covering all the bases . It's really pitiful you know...I'm just glad we will never have the same taste in men . Did I mention that Laura White's fiancee asked Laura what was going on with Mitch and I at Kenneally's b/c I was spending more time with him than Lisa ( she was of course performing the role of social butterfly) . Like I said , it's pitiful . In actuality , I think I'm the only one of her "friends" that have met Mitch and think he's all right I'm pretty sure everyone else has told her they think she can do better . I beg to differ , knowing Lisa a little better than them ( i.e . the many faces of eve ) and would argue instead that he's a pretty good catch for her...caves eventually but not perceived ( at least by her ) as a complete push-over . Perfect combo for our Ms . Gillette . Can you believe my parents ? They were only in San Diego for all of 12 hrs and took a roll of film...what dorks . Sue I'll work on the trip thing...the timing sounds good to me . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: "Emily Hillegeist" <ehille|
I have to be in S.A . on the 6th for Lisa's bridesmaid's luncheon...So I was thinking , what if I came up to Austin Thursday night and we made a trip to the Saxon Pub . Just a thought . If you have exams , papers , etc . that will be consuming you that week disregard the suggestion , but if not it could be fun . Hope you're having a good day and that you finished your Note to your satisfaction . Susan
FYI: Trish Murphy is playing at the Mucky Duck tomorrow night....thought you might be interested . Drop me a line . Sue
Starts at eight....would love to go , at least for a while . I'll give you a call later to discuss . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: "Jennifer Bowles" 03/26/2001 03:50 PM
Best Product Placement: Taking corporate sponsorship to absurdly intimate levels , Pepsi spokesdiva Britney Spears wore a tiny medallion with the soft-drink company's logo in her bellybutton ring during her much hyped commercial . Although , considering the amount of money the company has sunk into her , it may have been a homing device .
Hi Shannon , Could you be sure to remove my name from the distribution and replace it with George Huan...he has taken over my roll running the options book . Thanks , Susan
Thanks Shannon...I appreciate all the help you've given me over the last year and would be happy to return the favor in the future if there's anything you need . Good luck to you as well in your own endeavors . Susan
He was over again last night . Please explain to me why you would invite your "man" over to your apartment when you have a roommate and he lives alone . I simply do not understand . I took full advantage of the fact Ted lived alone...we never hung out at my apartment . Where's the fun in that ? I just think it's weird . Talk to you later , Sue
Sorry I never got back to you last night...I ended up going to grab dinner . I'm still up for this evening if you are . The "show" starts at 8:00 and I think it's about a $10.00 cover . Either shoot me an email or I'll give you a call a little later this afternoon . I don't think I have you work number anymore though , so if you wouldn't mind giving that to me again that would be great . See ya later , Susan Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: "Jennifer Bowles" 03/26/2001 11:19 PM
Hey Katy , I was just curious if you had any interest in attending the reception below . Sounds like it might be interesting to me . Drop me a line and let me know if it sounds like fun and I'll go ahead and get a couple of tickets . Talk to you soon , Susan 2001 Museum of Fine Arts , Houston Corporate Partners Spring Reception , April 3 ! Be a part of the Museum of Fine Arts , Houston 2001 Corporate Partners Spring Reception on Tuesday , April 3 at Law building of the MFA . Enjoy great food donated by ARIES Restaurant and The Redwood Grill , free drinks , cool art , and good friends . To attend or with questions call ( 713 ) 639-7585 .
I know , I know . It's still weird to me . While I thought it was great that Lisa was holding back on the physical side of this relationship early on...I'm beginning to wonder if she really likes him , or just likes having someone to talk to who will cater to her . I mean , I'm all for prudence when it comes to the physical side of relationships , but after a month of constant contact and interaction I would have to question the fact I didn't feel compelled to completely jump the guy . That's not to say I would , but I'd still have to question the lack of desire to do so . I just don't get the impression that she is that attracted to him . Seems more like "good buddy" to me . I think she misses the Matt's , Alan's , Thatcher's , etc . that she got that from in the past . On the plus sides , he is a very happy person who loves to smile and is pleasant to be around . I just get squeamish watching people cuddle so much . I'm having flashbacks to sharing a room with Jen when Craigers was in the picture . It's not a pleasant memory , trust me . I do think it's weird that Lisa never wants me to leave their presence...they both questioned me when I took off to bed last night around 9:30...I just wanted out . Sue Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: "Emily Hillegeist" 03/27/2001 09:36 AM
I believe this was intended for Susan Scott with ETS...I'm with Nat Gas trading . Thanks
I'm just glad I'm going to be out of town for the next 3 weekends . What pray tell will she do ? With no buffer there , will there be any reason for Mitch not to shack ? I'm curious to see how all of this plays out . She keeps looking for signs to know whether Mitch is right or not...I told her it's pretty unlikely that anything's going to whack her over the head so she's just going to have to figure out for herself what she thinks of him . She's got such a tough life . Oh , my Mom was over Sunday and made some comment about Lisa always dating someone....she still denies . Cracks me up . Response is always , "I've only had two serious boyfriends." To which I've started to respond , "We'll I'm batting zero and have only one legitimate first date with a guy . In relative terms , you are a dating phenomenon." I definitely need this vacation , Sue Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: "Emily Hillegeist" 03/27/2001 09:59 AM
So transparent....I will pay you good money to hook-up with this guy . Would get hours of enjoyment from such an event .
You can take me off this distribution as I am no longer with risk . Thanks , Susan From: Larry Joe Hunter 03/27/2001 11:04 AM|
I called and left a message requesting two tickets for the reception...I will let you know if we get them . I'll try and give you a call later today . I'm not actually leaving until Thursday for the Caymans though , so if you're up for steak night etc . Wednesday night let me know . It can't be a late night for packing reasons , but I'd like to do something . Susan Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: "Katy Hester" 03/27/2001 12:26 PM
Hi Jennifer , Yes , that is correct . I would like to contribute $25 in addition to the $50 membership fee . Thanks for getting back to me and verifying the amounts . Susan Scott Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: "Knight , Jennifer" 03/27/2001 12:54 PM
Civil War may be sold out...I'm checking on it .
Julie , I don't know if I told you before , but I'm leaving tomorrow for a long weekend in the Caymans with my new group . I can't tell you how much my life has changed in the last three weeks . I'm getting out of the office no later than 6:30 everyday ( and it's usually closer to 4:30-5:00 ) and I actually have time to do other things with my life . I went to the symphony last week , am going to a reception at the MFA next week , joined a volunteer organization geared toward young professionals and am thinking about joining the church I've been going to the last couple of months . All in all life has improved . Still nothing new on the guy front , but I'm in no rush so it's not that big a deal . I am so excited about my trip out to San Diego to see you . I promise to be well rested and ready to shop , eat and go out....or just sit on the beach . Like I said before , I'm up for anything . Hope things are going well with you , the job and Brendan . Drop me a line if you get a chance and let me know what's new in your life . Talk to you soon , Susan
Yup...I leave for the Caymans today . Our flight out is at 1:45 , so we'll probably be leaving the office around 11:45 this morning . I am , understandably , very excited . We will definitely talk more about Tuesday night either Sunday or Monday . As for Civil War , I'll keep checking to see what the deal is with the tickets . The going away party for Kenny should be really fun , I'm glad you're in the states and able to see him off properly . Have a good weekend and I'll be sure to take lots of pictures . See ya next week , Susan Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: "Katy Hester" 03/28/2001 10:13 PM
Hey Lisa , Once again I am so impressed with your organizational skills when it comes to this wedding . Just wanted to let you know that I will definitely be attending the luncheon on Friday and may even end up riding to SA with Jen ( which always makes the drive that much more enjoyable) . As for the "Manicures and Pedicures for the Girls" , I would like to put my order in for a Turkey Breast sandwich on white . I can't wait till next weekend , it's going to be so much fun...can you believe it's almost here ? Love ya , Susan PS - I've mailed the receipt for your nightie so you should get it by Saturday...sorry it took me so long . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: Lisa.A.Meador@chase.com 03/28/2001 12:28 PM
the Cayman Islands We're leaving in about a 1/2 hour for the airport and I am extremely excited about the trip . I will be sure to take lots of pictures and drink many fruity drinks . Actually , I'm going scuba diving tomorrow and then we're taking a catamaran on Saturday out to some island ( I will be taking full advantage of the sunning net for the trip out to the island) . Additionally , we've got first class dinners booked every night and I should be able to fit in a massage...I know , it's sick . Also , I'm sure you noticed that I emailed Niclas about you so the door has been cracked open...Just a warning though , based on a Tuesday night conversation with Lisa I'm afraid our dear Mitch may be biting the dust soon . We'll see though , she has become very flighty ( okay , is flighty ) when it comes to guys . Sue
I'm leaving shortly for the airport , but I will give you a call when I get back so we can discuss transport to SA . I am way too excited about this trip ( many pics will be taken) . Susan I completely agree about foregoing the Mucky Duck Tuesday...too cold and too rainy for me . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: "Jennifer Bowles" 03/28/2001 02:58 PM
I believe this was intended for the Susan Scott with ETS...I'm with Nat Gas Trading . Thanks
I just checked my messages this morning....I didn't think people could leave messages anymore after I was put on a trading phone but low and behold they can . If you ever want to get a hold of me in the future , the best bets are email and cell phone ( 713-775-6472) . I'd be happy to chat with you if you still need to . Just let me know a time and place and I'm there . Susan
Hey , Very jealous about the Canary Island trip...that sounds wonderful . Take my advice though...use sunscreen ! I was really good about applying everywhere except for my lower back and the back of my thighs and I've paid the price . Kind of looks like I was scolded with boiling water . So I've got Lisa's wedding this weekend and my San Diego trip the next . I'm taking Friday off this week so I can go to the Bridesmaid/House Party luncheon in San Antonio and we've got Good Friday off from work the next week so I'm looking at two four-day work weeks . My how things have changed . I think Katy and I are going to a corporate sponsors reception at the MFA tomorrow night and Lisa has expressed interest in going as well , but we'll see about that . She's always enthusiastic in the beginning . All in all things are pretty good . Talk to you soon , Sue Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: "Emily Hillegeist" 04/01/2001 04:48 PM
Hey , Just wanted to make sure you're still up for the MFA reception tomorrow night . I told Lisa about it last night and she said she'd like to go as well . So...the reception is supposed to start at 7:00 and go until 9:00 and I figured we could either go to an early dinner , or cut out of the reception a little bit early and go to dinner afterward ( say around 8:00 - 8:30) . Of course , dinner doesn't have to factor in at all if we don't want it to...just a suggestion . I'll give you call later tonight to hammer out the details . See ya , Susan
Earl , Long time...no nothing . How goes it ? Just wanted to drop you a line and see how the fam's doing . Hope all is well . We really need to grab a drink after work sometime or a late afternoon coffee and catch-up on each other's respective endeavours . Talk to you soon , Susan
Did you just add another ticket under my name or did you request three additional tickets ? As for dinner , I just emailed Katy and asked for her preference . I think it'd be more pleasant/less hurried if we went afterwards...say 8:30ish , but before would work for me too . I haven't talked to my Mom yet about the tickets , but I'll give her a call when things calm down a bit here . Talk to you later , Sue Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: Lisa Gillette 04/02/2001 11:31 AM
Theresa and Nicole , Jay and I were wondering if it would be possible for you to make copies of all the existing transportation contracts for the Denver desk and Fed-Ex them to the Houston office . Currently we do not have any of these contracts available to us here and feel it would be beneficial to have them on hand . As you know , we are both trying to get up to speed on this book and all it's components and therefore it is important that we understand all of the available options these contracts allow us . Below is a list of the contracts we have broken out on a summary sheet: If there are contracts missing from the above list , please include them in the packet as well . Thanks for all the help , Susan
Just got the email myself...will definitely check it out . Thanks
When you get a chance , tell me again what your schedule is for the end of April through July . I'm trying to figure when I can come visit and not pay too much on airfare , be able to stay a decent amount of time and not miss critical days at work . I will definitely come over...just don't know if it'll will be when Katy does . Sue
If you're on the internet right now , I'm trying to call...our meeting was postponed .
Here you go....Katy wrote me an email and said she'd prefer to eat afterwards (  as would I )  , so I say we plan to get to the "reception" around 7:00 and leave for dinner roughly 8:30 . Let me know if that works for you .
Yes , I am going home before the reception and am going to have Katy meet me at the apartment around 6:15 ( at least that's what time I'm telling her) . If you want to tell Laura to meet at the apartment around that time too , I will be there to greet her . I'm going to drop off some dry cleaning , finish my laundry and clean up a bit before they get there . I'm so glad everyone is up for this outing...we are so culturally aware . So that's the plan . I suggest we eat somewhere around the Museum District...I'll do some research this afternoon . Talk to you later , Sue
Okay , I'm in for driving together on Friday . Although I'd love to see my sister and her family in Austin , I decided last night that I'm just too tuckered out to make this weekend any more exhausting than it's already going to be . So...we just need to figure out what time we're leaving on Friday morning and who wants to drive . I'm going to map out all of the directions for the weekend today so I cut down on my frustration level in regards to San Antonio . Absolutely no more getting lost for Susan...zapps my energy . Talk to you later , Sue
Lexi , I would like to volunteer for the Information Session on September 17 . My apologies for not being able to help out with this year's spring recruiting , but from the beginning of October through last Friday I couldn't take a single day off from work . Fortunately , I'm in a new rotation and they have a bit more flexibility when it comes to my schedule . Thanks , Susan
Actually , I'm thrilled you want to drive . I know I like to drive most of the time , but I'm not kidding about being exhausted and thus wanting to limit my exertion . I think we should shoot for leaving by 8:00 so that if we're running a few minutes late it's no big deal ( as long as we're on the road by 8:30 we should be fine) . I have no idea what I'm wearing yet either...oh well , necessity is the mother of invention , right ? The trip was incredible . My life has done an absolute about face . Can't wait to tell you all about it . Talk to you later , Susan Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: "Jennifer Bowles" 04/03/2001 10:27 AM
Hey stranger , Haven't talked to you in while , how are things going ? The trip was absolutely incredible . We went scuba diving , swam with stingrays and drank enough ( rum for me personally ) to drown a large school of fish . Anyway , I've decided I'm a no go for Austin this Thursday night . I'm already exhausted and Jen Bowles offered to drive Friday morning so I've decided to take her up on the offer . After the Caymans last weekend , Lisa's wedding this weekend and San Diego next weekend I've decided my best move is to try and conserve some energy . Regardless , I will see you and Doug Saturday night and we'll do our catching up then . My parents are coming to the wedding as well so I'm sure they'll want to have a nice chat with you and Doug . Talk to you soon , Susan Hope Law Review isn't wearing you too thin .
I promise I have not forgotten about you . Things around here have just been crazy with the beginning of the month and all . I should have some time tomorrow to get together if you like , just give me a call . Talk to you soon , Susan
We know about Merle...don't know if I'll be able to go though b/c I have to be in San Antonio at a bridal luncheon by 12:30 on Friday . There's no reserved seating anyway so I think I might be a bit of a mess ( remember how crowded the Bellamy Brothers were? ) As for the trip over...I'm arriving on the 6th (  Wednesday morning at 7:45 ) and I'll be leaving the morning of the 12th . Not perfect , but if something looks appealing on the mid-week trip front let me know . I'll have a total of 6 full days over there . Plenty of time to do something interesting right ? Sue I'm not going to tell Lisa for a little while , so mum's the word....hopefully she'll already have booked her own flight . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: "Emily Hillegeist" 04/03/2001 01:25 PM
Hey buddy , Out of curiosity , what all are you bringing with you to San Antonio ? I'm running into some problems in the area of cocktail dresses as I developed some noticeable tan lines from my trip . Oh well , I guess they're not that big a deal right ? Also , do you just want to swing by my complex Friday morning to pick me up ? I promise not to run too late . Talk to you soon , Susan
You should check out the 2nd deal...there are also trips to Cayman etc . on the same link at great prices . See ya Saturday , Susan
You're gonna love this site . So true .
There is only one Susan Scott at Enron that really matters , right ? Best ways to ensure it's me...either use sscott5@enron.com or check to make sure the middle initial that pops up is "M" . Ciao
Hi yourself , I swear you read my mind sometimes...I was just about to email you . Anyway , things here are good and I am equally ( if not more ) excited about my visit . I know the weather's been kind of funky the last week or so but I've been hearing the same rumours as you regarding a weekend warm-up . Therefore , I'm still bringing my suit/beach clothes and will just make sure I've got some stuff in case it stays on the chilly side . I'll also make sure to include some work-out clothes and Sunday attire (  I'm assuming a skirt or dress will work okay ? )  . No worries about the need to study . I've been go-go-go the last couple of weekends and would not mind at all having some down-time during the day for naps , lounging , walking , etc . while you study to your hearts content . Honestly , we've got plenty of time to do things so it's no big deal . My flight is supposed to arrive Thursday night at 7:00 and I leave at 3:40 Sunday afternoon (  I got direct flights this time so I won't be nearly as tired) . Hope this week isn't too crazy for you...of course , if it is you'll be more than ready for a little R&R . Love , Susan Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: Julie Gibson 04/09/2001 10:26 AM
Hi Ashley , It's so funny that you emailed me today because I was just telling Jessica this weekend that I needed to drop you a line . Unfortunately , I'm no longer moving to London . I was offered a job here in Houston trading and just couldn't pass it up . However , I will definitely tell my friend Emily about the flat...she's always looking for ways to save a little bit of money . I'll also keep my ears open for any Enronites who are looking for places to live . Actually , the reason I was going to email you was to let you know I'm coming over to visit again this June . I will be in town basically the 6th through the 11th ( flying in on the 5th and departing the 12th) . I hope you're in town at least some of that time...I'm still frustrated we never had a chance to hook-up last time . Food for thought...there's an Eagles concert on the 9th and my friend already has tickets with some buddies.. . I'm was planning on just getting a single ticket and hopefully squeezing in with them , but if you have any interest please let me know and we could just get tickets together . Talk to you soon , Susan Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: Ashley.Marynick@chase.com 04/09/2001 03:19 AM
I'm flying Continental and I will check my mailbox for the card...I haven't checked it in a while . I'm going to bring my pictures from the last two weekends (  very fun activities...I tell you all about them this weekend) . Love ya , Susan Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: Julie Gibson 04/09/2001 11:10 AM
So do you have any ideas/plans for brunch on Sunday...my guess is there are a ton of places with special Easter Brunches . I just thought maybe you had a regular spot . Let me know .
Sounds good...I failed to comment on your movie question . No , I haven't seen any lately so that sounds good to me too . I've been going crazy on the internet today looking for things/places to do/go . Anyway , I was also remembering how wonderful getting that massage was last time I was there and wondered if you knew of a good spa close by your place that maybe we could both go to (  or I could go to while you're studying) . Just a thought . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: Julie Gibson 04/09/2001 12:20 PM
Thanks for the info...I will check into it . Hope you manage to get some rest . The wedding was fun , super sweet and huge ( 800+ at the reception) . I got hit on by a waiter at the rehearsal dinner and groped in the hotel elevator by one of the groomsmen...so I'm up on guys right now . Talk to you soon , Sue Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: "Emily Hillegeist" 04/09/2001 01:17 PM
Thanks for thinking of me ( the ride back was lovely - lots of gummy food items and carbonated beverages)...i'm very tired from all of the weekend activity though and don't see much rest in my future . Oh well life is short , right ? I'm so glad we were able to spend some time together this weekend , and that you got a chance to meet my parents . I'm going to have to make a trip up to Austin soon for a visit to make sure you're hitting all the must sees/eats . By the way , how long are you going to be there ? Susan Maybe I'll hit an "Eaters" outing . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: "Mary Rebecca Harp" 04/09/2001 04:41 PM
Okay , given the weather conditions out there right now I'm going to have to put a little extra planning into my packing . I figure we'll be engaging in the following activities: beach , shopping , dinner , going out , church and I think you mentioned something about a museum . Given those various situations , I was wondering what you suggest I bring along . For instance , am I going to need a jacket at night or is a sweater sufficient and what do you suggest in the way of "go-out" clothes ? Also , let me know if you hear anything about the spas...that way I can try and make a reservation (  I figure Friday mid-morning would be a good time . We could go for a run in the morning and then I could go for the massage while you study. ) Supposedly , it's going to be warmer on Saturday than Friday so maybe we should plan Saturday as our beach day...of course , I'm completely flexible . As for brunch on Sunday , I did a little research yesterday and came up with a few suggestions.. . George's on the Cove , The Marine Room , Brockton Villa , Trattoria Acqua and Pacifica Del Mar . All of these , with the exception of Pacifica Del Mar , are in La Jolla so I suppose we'd have to take that into consideration...There is a Presbyterian church in La Jolla that could be an option ( but if your friends have suggestions I defer to their judgement both religiously and gastronomically) . All of the places mentioned above , in addition to The Fish Market , Cafe Japengo and En Fuego Cantina & Grill , also sounded good for just regular meals . Depending on local culture ( and your own opinion ) I was just going to let you know that I can go straight from the airport somewhere if you want on Thursday . I didn't know what time people typically go out to eat or if you even wanted to go out Thursday night . I know , I know...I had way too much time on my hands yesterday . In the end , I'll really do anything and go anywhere...just thought I'd help out with a few suggestions . Love , Susan
I'm checking out the L'Auberge website as we speak...it sounds wonderful . As for baseball , I'd love to stop by for a few innings on Saturday . It sounds like fun and I wouldn't mind checking out the stadium . I can't stress enough how flexible I am on all this stuff . We can wait a while before deciding which is our best beach day bet . I'll check out the spa's schedule regarding massages to see what kind of flexibility there is there . As for the clothing I will try to remind myself SD is casual...Houston's gotten pretty sassy over the last couple of years . I always feel underdressed when I go out here . Thursday night sounds great...two days and counting . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: Julie Gibson <julieg@qualc|
Okay...On Friday they have openings at 10:00 , 10:30 & 11:00 and Saturday there are openings from 2:00 to 5:00 . Either works for me . The packages I'm looking at are about and hour and a half long and I thought to buy you some more time I could just visit all the shops . Here are the two packages I'm looking at...what do you think ? ( The lady at the spa recommended the second one ) Fruit Body Facial: A double-exfoliating facial for the entire body leaving the skin feeling silky smooth and shining -- ideal before a wedding or a special occasion that's just right for that backless dress . You are first exfoliated with crushed Californian grape seeds followed by a light misting with an orange blossom aromatherapy oil . After a brief shower , you'll enjoy an all-over message with a facial quality message lotion . Then it's your choice of either an invigorating peppermint glycolic or a calming aloe vera/grapefruit finishing skin treatment . Benefits: Skin feels rejuvenated and healthy; circulation is stimulated and the skin has a healthy glow . Time: 90 minutes Pacific Paradise Body Scrub& Massage: Pineapple papaya lotion is the moisturizer and California grape seeds - nature's anti-oxidant - are the exfoliant in this 20 - 25 minute body scrub . You'll feel like island Royalty as warm coconut kuki oil is used as the lotion during a 50-minute message that completes the treatment . Benefits: Rough skin disappears as the powerful moisturizing properties of tropical oils sink deep into your skin . Time: 90 minutes Ta Ta , Susan
Hey Kasey , I just got an email back from KJ and he seemed to think you're going to be in San Diego until Saturday or Sunday of this week...so , I thought I'd drop you a line and let you know I too will be in San Diego . I arrive Thursday evening and don't leave again until Sunday afternoon . If you have any free time give me a call on my cell phone , 713-775-6472 , and we can try to get together . I've got your number from your last visit to Houston so don't be suprised if you hear from me . Talk to you soon , Sue
Ditto I believe this was intended for the other Susan Scott...I'm with Nat Gas Trading . Thanks
Ditto Ditto Ditto
Never Enron Capital Management From: David Baumbach 04/11/2001 09:18 AM
Hey Julie , Just wondering if you had any preferences regarding the spa times I emailed you yesterday . If you get a chance let me know and I will go ahead and make a reservation . Ciao , Susan
I promise I'm not trying to rub it in....actually , I was just going to do the spa thing to give you study time but if you don't need it ( and you'd rather go shopping , etc. ) let me know and I will forget about it . I must admit though that an hour long massage sounds wonderful . Sue Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: Julie Gibson 04/11/2001 01:38 PM
Ships passing in the night....I'm glad you get to see the fam this weekend . Be sure to tell everyone I say , "Hello!" As for the zoo , I am a huge fan . It's the only zoo I've ever been to that I don't feel sorry for the animals . It's too bad things weren't better co-ordinated but I think my weekend's going to be pretty full regardless . Have a great holiday weekend and I'll talk to you soon . Sue Em's in the Canary Islands this week...can you believe that little brat ? Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: "Kasey Walker" 04/11/2001 02:47 PM
I would like to be placed in the new garage . Thanks , Susan M . Scott
I had some difficulty replying to the parking & transportation email and just wanted to make sure that you received my request for a space in the new parking garage . Thanks , Susan M . Scott
I couldn't agree more...Happy Holidays ! Sue Paul Harvey writes: We tried so hard to make things better for our kids that we made them worse . For my grandchildren , I'd like better . I'd really like for them to know about hand me down clothes and homemade ice cream and leftover meatloaf sandwiches . I really would . I hope you learn humility by being humiliated , and that you learn honesty by being cheated . I hope you learn to make your own bed and mow the lawn and wash the car . And I really hope nobody gives you a brand new car when you are sixteen . It will be good if at least one time you can see puppies born and your old dog put to sleep . I hope you get a black eye fighting for something you believe in , I hope you have to share a bedroom with your younger brother . And it's all right if you have to draw a line down the middle of the room , but when he wants to crawl under the covers with you because he's scared , I hope you let him . When you want to see a movie and your little brother wants to tag along , I hope you'll let him . I hope you have to walk uphill to school with your friends and that you live in a town where you can do it safely . On rainy days when you have to catch a ride , I hope you don't ask your driver to drop you two blocks away so you won't be seen riding with someone as uncool as your Mom . If you want a slingshot , I hope your Dad teaches you how to make one instead of buying one . I hope you learn to dig in the dirt and read books . When you learn to use computers , I hope you also learn to add and subtract in your head . I hope you get teased by your friends when you have your first crush on a girl , and when you talk back to your mother that you learn what ivory soap tastes like . May you skin your knee climbing a mountain , burn you hand on a stove and stick your tongue on a frozen flagpole . I don't care if you try a beer once , but I hope you don't like it . And if a friend offers you dope or a joint , I hope you realize he is not your friend . I sure hope you make time to sit on a porch with your Grandpa and go fishing with your Uncle . May you feel sorrow at a funeral and joy during the holidays . I hope your mother punishes you when you throw a baseball through you neighbor's window and that she hugs you and kisses you at Christmas time when you give her a plaster mold of your hand . These things I wish for you through tough times and disappointment , hard work and happiness . To me , its the only way to appreciate life . Send this to all of your friends who mean the most to you . We secure our friends not by accepting favors but by doing them . Do You Yahoo! ? Get email at your own domain with Yahoo ! Mail .
Thanks Sarah . That was very touching . I just forwarded it to a bunch of people...too good not to share . Hope you have a happy Easter!! ! Love , Sue
Actually...I the first available appointment on Sat is 2:00 pm ( right in the thick of beach time!!) . I ended up making my reservation yesterday for 11:00 am tomorrow , I might be able to switch it to 10:00 though b/c they still had it open yesterday . However , the 11:00 may work out perfectly . That way when my treatment's done at 12:30 we could just start our day from there - lunch , shopping , etc . What do you think ? I'm sure I can find some way to occupy myself for a couple of hours on Sat...no worries . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: Julie Gibson 04/12/2001 11:06 AM
Call Ambrosia ?  Monday morning
Actually , I flew out to San Diego Thursday night . It was incredible...I cannot believe that there are places where the weather , scenery and people are that beautiful . Seriously , I think I could find a lot of guys to be interested in there . Strapping , physically fit beach boys with awesome dogs and a decent amount of world travel behind them . Hope you had a good Easter Weekend and that school isn't getting too stressful . I'm guessing you're coming up on some serious exam time in the near future . I'm off to Vegas this weekend , but I was debating the prospect of Austin the weekend of the 28th . Let me know if you're going to be around/able to socialize ( even if only briefly ) that weekend . I really want to come up to see Kathy and Travis's new house...I feel bad they've been in it for over a month and I haven't even seen it yet . Talk to you soon , Sue Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: "corey leahy" 04/12/2001 04:06 PM
Yes , I'm back from SD and appropriately depressed to return to hot , muggy Houston . Glad to hear your trip was so enjoyable...and no worries about the pina colodas , you gotta do what you gotta do (  I was drinking rum punches in the Caymans like they were water...much scarier than pina colodas I assure you) . The weather , scenery and people in SD were gorgeous . I really think I'm supposed to be in Del Mar . There are the most attractive , active , worldly men swarming the beaches with even cuter dogs . I spent a large part of the weekend with my tongue hanging out . It forced me to the realization that the men in Houston , and much of Texas , are soft . Alas , no exciting stories though.. . Let me know how the movie is , I may have to make a special trip to see this one...All of the Kappas who've read the book insist I should write my own version filled with Susan's tails of woe . There is definitely ample material . Sorry to hear about Ben and the girlfriend . I'm sure your parents will be sad to see his calming influence go . Talk to you soon , Sue Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: "Emily Hillegeist" 04/16/2001 03:53 AM
So...the weekend I was talking about coming to Austin the following people are playing: Fri The Fabulous Thunderbirds Gruene Hall Fri Cory Morrow Luckenbach Dance Hall Sat Reckless Kelly Antone's Sat Lucinda Williams Gruene Hall Just more food for thought . Sue
Hey Lisa , Hope you had an absolutely incredible honeymoon . I'm sure it was a blast . The reason I'm writing , actually , is because I left something at the church the night of the wedding . I thought it had been taken to the country club but the wedding co-ordinators didn't have it . Basically , it was a white plastic bag with a little kids t-shirt and a little girls shorts & tank top outfit ( along with a little hand painted picture) . I bought the clothes in the Caymans for my niece and nephew , so ideally I like to track them down . I was hoping you could tell me who I should contact about items left in the bridesmaid's room in the church . I think the bag said The Wharf on the outside if that helps at all . Thanks , Sue
I bolt out of here pretty early these days if I can...best to reach me by cell phone if it's past 4 pm Houston time ( 713-775-6472) . Did I tell you I'm off to Vegas this weekend ? I love this job . Sue Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: "Emily Hillegeist" 04/17/2001 10:55 AM
I believe this was intended for the other Susan Scott...I'm with Nat Gas trThanks
Sounds good to me .
Any interest in going to the Rockets game tonight . I have free tickets and it may be Hakeem's last game . Let me know . Sue
Thanks for the help !
Phillip , Here's the power point presentation with updated information .
Are you sure you have the right Susan Scott ? If this is for Click at Home , I've already received my computer . Try the Susan Scott with legal...her extension is 30596 . Thanks
Sorry about the last email...hadn't read this one yet .
Wrong Susan again...try typing sscott3@enron.com ( that's her short email address)...mine is sscott5@enron.com . If you see the middle initial "M" pop up in the address , you've got the wrong Susan Scott . Thanks
Hey girls , Just wanted to let you guys know that Southwest has vacation specials to New Mexico right now . I priced up a 4 day/ 3 night trip with air/hotel/car to Albuquerque ( we'd have to drive to Sante Fe...not bad , I've done it ) and it came out to about $255 a person . Personally , I think this is a really good price . I was just wondering if there was genuine interest in taking this trip and if so what the best time would be to go . We could also check on getting flights from LA for Kasey and Jen . Anyway , drop me a line when you guys get a chance and let me know if I need to keep doing more research . I was figuring we could leave in a Thursday and come back on a Sunday . Talk to you soon , Sue P.S . Katy...my friend Julie's email address is julieg@qualcomm.com . I'm sure she'd be happy to answer questions .
Check out the Southwest website if you get a chance...it's got all the data . I'm going for lowest cost on this sucker if we go , so I may have to forego the fancy hotel in favor of whatever's part of the package . That way I can spend more on food and drinks . We can definitely look into a mother/daughter trip . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: "Emily Hillegeist" 04/18/2001 11:25 AM
What's the scoop golf-pro ? Are you in for tonight ? FYI: The weather is gorgeous outside .
I hate forwards...but I do like champagne .
I think there's probably a lot of truth to the Eric theory . The retaliation/numbing afforded by using people and tossing them aside can be tempting . My mini-rampage after Ted was totally based upon treating any representative of Ted's sex like dirt . Fortunately , my behavior was very short-lived and I completely recognized what I was doing . I wouldn't worry about the lecturing...it happens when one has a bit to drink ( that or just utter flapping as in my case) . Thanks for the compliments , but I find it's easy to be around all of your friends...that whole like attracts like thing . As for the email from Clint , he's a cutie . Speaking from experience I'd watch myself if I were you though...the flirtation is fun and harmless at this point , but I get the impression that you're just Clint's type and unless you have reciprocal interest I would just guard against things getting to be too flirtatious . However , if there's part of you that is curious , like I said , I think he's a great guy . Okay , enough of my lecturing ( I've just been caught in a couple of situations at work where someone decides to confess their feelings to me and I'm forced to tell them I just don't feel the same way...something that's hard for them to grasp given the fact that some flirting at some point did oWell , I'm off to Vegas this weekend . My guess is I won't be getting much sleep . Oh well , life is tough . Susan Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: Julie Gibson <julieg@qualc|
I think it's probably a good idea not to contact Eric for a while . Truly what purpose would it serve ? As for my work situations , they aren't that exciting but have made for some highly uncomfortable moments for me . I'll tell you about them on my next visit . See , I've already come up with a reason why I have to come back out there . Please don't worry about flapping Sat night . I certainly do not think less of you and completely agree about the life lessons part . To tell the truth , I worry at times that I'm not learning enough of the life lessons...just kind of staying in a very safe , secure place and missing out on a big part of the overall picture . Enough self-analysis . Have a good evening....you should his jazz night at Epizote just for me . Sue Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: Julie Gibson 04/18/2001 04:15 PM
Are you going to be in Austin next weekend ( the 28th) ? I'm thinking about making a trip up there to visit . Let me know . Sue
Sorry we didn't get much of a chance to chat last night , but I hope you had fun at steak night . It's too bad you didn't make it to Sierra's (  you could have seen a true dancing display by yours truly) .
Congrats on the promotion . I was a little suprised it was only to manager...I remember you saying something once about jumping straight to Director . All things in due time , right ?
I feel okay...just regretting some of my actions from last night . Oh well , life goes on . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: Lisa Gillette 04/19/2001 09:17 AM
definitely ted actions...served no purpose , just made me feel rotten and reiterated what an ass he is/was . He actually said he can't inter-company date b/c is costs him money if he does ( $60 a date) . I told him it was a good thing he got so much in when he could . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: Lisa Gillette 04/19/2001 09:27 AM
I believe this was intended for the other Susan Scott ( sscott3@enron.com)...I'm with nat gas trading . Thanks
I think this is for you . Ditto... .
I guess there's some sort of fine for dating...sounds like a load of BS to me . What's your AOL messenger name ? Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: Lisa Gillette 04/19/2001 09:50 AM
Next week sounds good to me too . If everyone wants to meet at Ale house for a drink today why don't we try right after work . Susan had a very big night last night and needs to be in bed early tonight as a result . I can't wait to hear about the honeymoon either!!! !
The email was titled "nothing bad..." so you wouldn't immediately trash it for fear I was dispensing some more of Susan's homespun wisdom . I know you can't get enough of that stuff . As for the revenue generation , I've heard what a boon the Ag group has been to EGM . From what I understand you guys are carrying the rest of that company on your backs...keep up the good work ! And yes , the world you live in does revolve around you Ted , it's just that no one else lives in that world besides you so it stands to reason that would be the case . Your welcome for the email . I really am happy for you that things seem to be going well and that you appear to be enjoying what you're doing ( I haven't heard any of the "when I grow up I want to be a . ...." comments out of you in a while , a sure sign of contentment and maturity - okay burgeoning maturity) . In regards to trading , I am absolutely loving it . I've been on EOL for a little over a month now ( although my trades go into one of the other trader's books for the time being...I should get my own in a couple months ) and am really enjoying the new life/perks this job allows . Case in point , took my Mom to see Hakeem's last game with the Rockets on one of the brokers ( center court seats...she was thrilled ) and am off to Vegas this weekend to "meet" with some of the power traders from Portland . So much for the 16-18 hour days I was dealing with for a year or so there...given present circumstances it was all worth it . No need to "let me of the hook" for my candor last night , I meant everything I said and I wanted you to hear those things . In a quest to be an oh so witty smart-ass , sometimes I forget to just tell people what I think/feel...always catches up to me in hind-sight and if the opportunity presents itself for me to rectify that then I don't believe in passing it up . Contrary to what you may think , I'm a big girl who thinks for herself and always acts on her own volition . And I think I either mumbled last night or your hearing is starting to go in your old age , but I said "clod" not "god"...subtle but important difference . Shorty - You missed an impressive dancing display at Sierra's last night...I think I may have frightened some people .
Like I said...I'm in . What time is "right after work" for everyone ? Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: Ashleastu@aol.com 04/19/2001 11:18 AM
Had a bit of an encounter with Ted last night . Turns out it wasn't as bad as I thought it was based upon the email below . Start from the bottom and work your way up . FYI he's kidding about the MD ( managing director ) and God comments .
I'll see you guys there . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: Ashleastu@aol.com 04/19/2001 03:00 PM
Hey there , Bummer about next weekend , although I'm not even positive I'm going so the frustration may be for naught . As far as the wedding thing goes , thanks for the offer but I wouldn't worry about it . I think I have a wedding in Houston that weekend anyway . I'll talk to Jen about coming up the weekend of the 12th so maybe Jessica , Jen , you , me & my friend Corey could all get together . I've been needing a good Austin fix . The trip to San Diego was awesome . We ended up blowing off most of the plans we made so we could just hang out at the beach , drink wine , and eat cheese and crackers ( oh yeah , and watch the sun set) . I did find time to go to a spa and get a bodyscrub/massage which was amazing . I'm off again this weekend so I have to go through the whole packing routine again tonight..augh ! Hope things are well with you and I'll say high to Lisa and Jen for you tonight . Sue Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: "Mary Rebecca Harp" 04/19/2001 11:24 AM
Vegas baby!!!!!!!!!! ! I can't wait...our flight arrives around 6:00 and then we head back Sunday morning . It's a "work" trip . Will do on pitching the 12th to the gang . Sue Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: "Mary Rebecca Harp" 04/19/2001 03:44 PM
Try hard.. . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: "Jennifer Bowles" 04/19/2001 04:33 PM
Give me a call whenever you get in.. .
Vegas trip was pretty interesting . Give me a call tonight if you get a chance . Try the cell phone any time after 4:30 ( Houston time ) - If I'd spent any longer than three days in that town I'd be dead right now . I think the earliest I made it back to my room was around 6:45 am .
Either option sounds good to me . Just send an email with the time and place when you guys figure it out and I'll be there . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: Sarah Berry 04/23/2001 01:03 PM
I had some appetizers the other day at the MFA that were provided by Aries and they were very good . Definitely wouldn't mind trying that place . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: "Jennifer Bowles" 04/23/2001 02:38 PM
Congrats!....Lisa told me the good news last night . Can't wait for the big day , I know you guys will be very happy together . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: Laura Jahnke <ljahnke@aero|
I'm sure she knows you're CC'd her on the email...she wants you to witness the flirtation . She told me about the exchange last night and was wondering how he got your email address . I told her I sent it to him . She said , "I didn't think you knew his last name?" To which I responded , "I didn't ,  but I called you and got it remember...I thought I told you I was emailing him to give him Emily's email address . I'd promised him at Kenneally's that I'd send it when I got the chance." Lisa was none to pleased with me...she wants you to have nothing to do with him , but I told her she has to share the wealth and quite being such a boy hog . I promised her we'd find her a new boy toy closer to home . Speaking of which , she and Mitch had the "let's just be friends talk" last week (  which I think was the right move )  . Glad you got some good sleep last night , but we need to chat when you get the chance ( and not while I'm at work) , so give me a call on the cell phone sometime . Nothing bad , just a good little story . Sue Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: "Emily Hillegeist" 04/24/2001 03:50 AM
Okay , so I'd really like to make a trip up there this weekend (  I haven't spent a weekend in Houston during April and can't imagine why I wouldn't just make the month a clean sweep) . Anyway , I know you're unbelievably busy right now and spending an entire weekend with me would not help you in the least...So , here's my suggestion: I could either come up Friday night and we could do a late dinner ( say 8:30-9:00 )  and then find someplace to hang out for a while or just rent a movie . On Saturday we could get up , work out , grab something for brunch/lunch and maybe even go to Barton Springs ( depending on the weather ) and then I could take off and leave you the rest of Saturday and all of Sunday to work ( we could even skip the Barton Springs piece) . The other option is to just shift everything a day forward...I'd come up on Saturday and leave Sunday . Either give me a call or email me if either of these sound good to you . I will also completely understand if you just really need to work/study this weekend . Sue PS - I'm dying for someone to chat with about Vegas...can't really talk to my roommate since it was work related .
Hey girls...I hate this , but I may be out Thursday . Please still let me know where you guys are going to be and if anything changes I'll meet you there . Otherwise , have a great time and to both Lisa and Jen , I need to see you guys and hear all about the honeymoon and the proposal (  both are very good things and I love good things )  . Sue Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: Sarah Berry 04/24/2001 11:11 AM
I've got Deborah Vest's wedding next weekend so that's a no go , but I was thinking about coming up the weekend of the 12th so maybe that will work . I would actually love to skip out on the wedding...however , since the wedding's in Houston and I live here , I don't have a very good excuse do I ? And don't worry...we could wait two years and I'd still want to chat about Vegas . One of those things you'll never really forget . I'm sure I sounded funny and I was definitely tired , but in now way were either of these bad things . Sue Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: "corey leahy" 04/24/2001 02:47 PM
I will definitely think about it...I would just feel bad though missing the event since I talked to Barrett ( Deborah's fiancee ) all about the big day at Lisa and Brad's wedding . What may be an option is me taking part or all of Monday off and just heading to Austin Sunday and coming back Monday...I'll talk to my trader about the possibility . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: "corey leahy" 04/24/2001 03:07 PM
I was walking with the trader I work for when you called , so it was obviously a little difficult for me to discuss Vegas at the time . If you get a hankering to talk in the morning you can try me on my cell phone (  midnight - 2 am isn't too late for me , which I think is between 6-8 am your time , right?) . I know this is obnoxious , but I can't talk to Lisa about this and I need a co-conspirator . Sue
that's okay...i'm used to it at this point thanks
Are you still alive ? I'm just checking b/c I haven't heard a peep out of you in a while . Drop me a line and let me know what's up .
What happened to you last Wednesday ? Were you too pooped after you soccer game for a cold brew ? Hope you had a good weekend anyway and that things are in general are going well . I just dropped the Earl a line to see if he's still breathing . I'll let you know if I hear anything back .
Just heard from the Earl...he said he's okay but has just been really busy the last few weeks . I encourage you to drop him another line sometime in the near future and suggest lunch , as he seems receptive to interaction at this point . As for last Wednesday , we had actually moved on to Steak Night by 9:30 and then were off to Sierra's . Needless to say it was a big night . Glad to hear the game was good and I'm not suprised in the least that you have "get-up-and-go" ( I've seen you when an attractive woman passes by) . I'm a no go for Thursday as I've actually already made dinner plans with a friend . Besides , Dean's is the ex's favorite Thursday night hang-out for the reason you mentioned and for that same reason it sadly is not mine . I'm sure after this response Ben will be convinced I'm avoiding him , but I assure you that is not the case . Cheers I should be in town this weekend if anything is going on.. . Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: Tobin Carlson @ EES 04/25/2001 03:35 PM
I just left a message for you at work...How EXCITING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ! I can't believe both you and Jen got engaged on the same weekend . I'm absolutely thrilled for you and look forward to all the fun festivities this will warrant . You know I think Briggs is great ( I've had so much fun hanging out with him at all of these weddings ) and you're obviously pretty fond of him so I can't imagine a better bit of news than that of your engagement . I can't wait to hear all about the event ( and see the ring - I'm sure it's gorgeous) . I think I'm actually going to try and come up to Austin the weekend of the 12th...from what I understand Jessica will still be in town , as will Corey , and Jen had expressed some interest in making a road trip so we'll see . Love , Sue PS - Are you coming in for Deborah's wedding ? Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp . From: caycie.c.ayres@accenture.com 04/25/2001 04:23 PM
No LW's for me tonight either...have dinner plans with a friend and ditto tomorrow night . Friday may a happy hour option though . Sue This is seriously stooping for me but my car's in the shop and I can't track down my roommate or anyone else that lives in close proximity to me.. . so , ( now here's the stooping part ) do you know what time your neighbor is heading home ?
Disregard the last bit of the previous email...I tracked down a ride .
Hi DeShonda , I had emailed a week or two ago in regards to the new parking and haven't heard anything back yet . Could you drop me a line at your earliest convenience and let me know if it will be possible for me to obtain a space . Thanks , Susan M . Scott
I think there was a problem when I tried to send this before...so here it comes again .
looks like the curve was marked around 9.0625 for jun/sept...but you'll have to talk to keith holst to get an absolute price
George , You'll be taking the May'01 Options out of the file today ( Monday ) and adjusting the P&L to reflect the May option value . Stop by if you have any questions . Susan
I believe this message was intended for the other Susan Scott . I'm with Nat Gas trading . Thank you .
Sure....I probably won't be able to come by until after lunch though . Susan
Here you go... .
If you pull the Curves up under Pub Names you should be able to tell if the have any Omicrons attached to them on the Erms side...if the do , then you have to talk to Nilay Basu to make sure they are mapped on the Germs side...if they don't , then you'll have to attach an omicron and then speak with Nilay . I can swing by later if you'd like me to explain in a little more detail . Susan
i'll stop by while making my rounds this afternoon . and , you'll have to get someone else to tell the stories...i don't remember much of friday night and , as a result , susan had a "come to Jesus" meeting with herself this weekend . may be the last of the truly good stories involving me for a while .
no problem...i've been good , just busy with the new job . all of the sudden i actually have time to do things so i spent the last weekend just trying to get my life re-organized . not a very exciting weekend , but extremely necessary . what's up with you ?
Ditto
yes , that time works fine for me...i was wondering what happened to you . i had emailed you after you left the message in houston and never heard another peep out of you . hope things are going well and i'll talk to you around 3ish .
This is for the other Susan Scott....I sit on 32 . Thanks
No problem...it makes me feel important .
Hey Julie , I just wanted to check up on you and see how the trip to New York went . Las Vegas was way too much fun...so much so it's quite possible I did permanent damage . I managed to stay in town this weekend though and catch up on some much needed sleep and organizing . Hope everything's good with you and I'll talk to you soon . Susan
Any chance either or both of you could get together this week for coffee , dinner , ice cream , etc. ? Also , are you all going to Deborah's wedding ? Talk to you soon , Sue
Adriane , Thank you so much for helping me out Friday night . Just one of those things....you think you're doing great and the next thing you know you feel like you've slammed into a brick wall at 100 mph . I have now barred myself from any sort of contest with Bass ( they always turn ugly ) and have instituted a personal limit for myself . Hopefully , I'll find the maturity that was missing during our gathering at Teala's and will be able to stick to the new limit . Thanks again , Susan
Again...you've got the wrong Susan Scott . You might try sscott3@enron.com...that's the address I use to forward things to her and it seems to be workThanks
yeah...i should be . talk to you then .
Hey Paul , Jay's already left for the day so you'll probably have to get with him first thing tomorrow morning to get his bid . I'll be sure to let him know about the deal if he calls to check in today or first thing tomorrow morning if I don't talk to him before then . Thanks , Susan
yes
Hey Em , Hope the parental visit is going well and that you haven't lost your mind yet . I just wanted to drop you a line to share with you my latest little upset ( aside from getting physically ill at Teala's Friday night...it was ugly) . Nick emailed yesterday and said he wanted to call and catch up . When he finally did call I knew within the first minute why he felt the need to call , the engagement is OFF . They evidently decided to postpone about two weeks ago and the final blow came Friday night . To top everything off , he's moving back to Houston in three weeks...ughh . Obviously , given my last conversation with him in London , I'm a little concerned . Oh well , who wants a non-stressful existence anyway . Ta for now , Sue
Finally met Ashley Mace's man Saturday...ran into them at the cd store . He's seems nice , but not at all what I would've expected and/or pictured . It was strange to finally have a face to put with the image I'd conjured up . Ciao
I would definitely be up for tonight and a walk sounds great . I just need to swing by the grocery store and the dry cleaners after work , so 6'ish is probably best for me . Let me know if that works for you and also where you'd like to meet/walk . Lisa , if there's a good place around your duplex I'd love to come see it and show you the pictures I took from your wedding...there's a great one of you and Brad dancing at the reception . Anyway , drop me a line and we'll figure out when and where to meet . Sue
Would love to get together again sometime , but I'll think I'll let someone else take over as far as the shot contests go...I was the champ - though ultimately of what I'm not sure . Frightening as it is I felt fine on Saturday , however from what I've heard that wasn't exactly the case with Bass . Thanks again , Susan ( You'll probably be receiving words of gratitude from me for a while to come )
That's great . I look forward to the day . By the way , are you coming in town this weekend for Deborah's wedding ? Sue
you're not slow at all....you just have to figure out which region they're in and ask the appropriate trader which gas daily volatility they'd like to use . Congrats on "the move"...O'Neal told me the good news .
They should if they are dealing with transport , gas daily options , etc . which are effected by the omicrons . I would typically go to the leads of the respective regions , tell them which curves are unmapped and let them decide what omicron curve to use (  a lot of times they just asked the trader in charge of that point which curve to use) . If the leads don't know what the omicron curves are the company's in trouble !
Lupe , I found a couple of checks that were for expense reimbursements . They are past the 90 day period . What can I do to have these checks reissued ? Thanks , Susan Scott
This is the engineer you wanted me to give a shot.. . Let's bear in mind our initial meeting was before Christmas and I've never agreed to meet him....yet he still persist .
I can only hope I'm not the only one he's showering with attention.. .
Hey guys , Thought I'd drop you a line and catch up on life . If I'm not mistaken you're actually in Australia right now doing all kinds of fun and active things , so you probably won't get this for a few days . I can't tell you how glad I am that you've had a chance to take advantage of all the travel possibilities on that side of the world (  and not just a little jealous) . I think all of these experiences are going to leave you with some incredible memories of your time in South Korea . As for myself , this weekend will mark only the second in the last month and a half or so that I will be spending in Houston . I figured by now I'd be traveled out but I can't get enough . The Caymans were incredible...we ate at great restaurants ( not Bed unfortunately , but I did see it) , got to go scuba diving off the east end and swam with a slew of stingrays . Actually , I was holding onto/bonding with one of the stingrays , just floating with the current , for about 5 minutes until I had to gently shove it off and swim back into safe proximity of the boat . It was a completely surreal experience . Plus , the trip solidified my appreciation and fondness for the new job , and more specifically the new co-workers , which is never a bad thing . Speaking of the new job , things are going well . I still have a ton to learn but I have a feeling that will be the case for a long time to come . There is just an overwhelming amount of information , not to mention strategies and nuances to learn about gas trading as a whole and in particular the western region of the US . I've been actively trading for well over a month now and am getting to know all the players in my market as well as gaining confidence with each additional trade . So far so good though...I'm definitely glad I made the choice to stay in Houston and take on this role . I had a pledge sister's wedding in San Antonio a few weeks ago , which was fun , and another "sister's" wedding this weekend here in Houston . I tell you , it's out-of-control with all of my friend's weddings & engagements . Two weekends ago I got hit with 3 , yes you heard correctly 3 , new engagements of close friends . I am very rapidly becoming out-numbered on this front . Still , the only thing that crosses my mind each time I hear of a new one , aside from being thrilled for the happy couple of course , is that I am a ways off from such an endeavor myself . I just have the feeling I've got a lot of changing to do in the next year or two ( or more ) and am not sure that what I'd want now is what I'll want then . Okay , change of subject...getting to deep . Two weekends ago I went with a few of the traders from the desk to Las Vegas . We went to meet some of our power traders from Portland to discuss west energy issues and to try and squeeze in a little fun . Fortunately or unfortunately , depending on how you look at it , I think we managed to squeeze in more than a little fun . I think my earliest arrival back at the hotel room that weekend was around 6:30 am . I don't know if it's the oxygen they constantly pump into the clubs and casinos or the steady flow of free drinks , but you really do lose all track of time there . I feel certain any duration longer that a weekend would either kill me or force me to take another vacation just to recover . I managed to walk away only $40 bucks in the hole so all in all I was feeling pretty good . What the future holds ? - I'm planning a trip to London in early June to visit Emily and then she comes back to Houston for about a month , so I'm really looking forward to that . And , I'm still trying to figure out when I'm going to come visit you guys...I was thinking August , given your trip to Hawaii in July and my trip to London in June , so let me know your thoughts . September is also an option if that works better for you . I think I'll try to take 6 or 7 work days off so that we could travel while I'm over there if we wanted to and so we'd have two weekends . Anyway , it's obviously still in the incubation phase . Hope the trip was a rousing success and I'll talk to you soon , Sue
my new cell # is 713-775-6472
I'd love to indulge you all with a repeat performance but I fear alas my liver would go on strike , and from what I understand the liver is a fairly vital organ...my stomach already expressed it's frustration with my behavior last Friday . Despite all of this I still look forward to engaging in engrossing AND coherent conversation with those of you who decide to show tonight . Susan By the way , do we have a particular time in mind ?
I'm sure you don't want me to remind you in detail of your own birthday experience ? Europa , the shrubs across the street?...and it wasn't 2 hours , more like an hour to an hour and a half . Besides , I think Bass spent a little more time than myself praying to the porcelain god ( at least I had the good sense to just pass out when I got home) .
oh , it's on !
Alright guys , you have to know we're kidding . I don't think either of us are going to be wagging that war again any time soon . Bass isn't even going to be there .
Hey , Just remembered that Cory Morrow is playing at the Firehouse Friday night and Owen Temple is going to be at the Mucky Duck . If you have any interest in doing something Friday let me know . Maybe we could grab dinner and go see one of these guys play . I figure you'll be shopping and jaunting around town all day Saturday with Mom , and Sunday is Mother's day...so Friday seems like the best day to get together . Either email me when you get a chance or just give me a call sometime this week and let me know if any of this sounds good to you . Susan
Sorry I didn't return your call last week . I actually didn't check my voice mail until Friday after work and thus saw little point in calling back as you were probably in some remote area of pristine , scenic beauty by that time . Hope the camping trip was a rousing success and allowed you to reconnect with your old friends and old self . I am in desperate need of natural beauty and negligible pollution but have alas been trapped in Houston the past couple of weekends . I see a road trip in the not too distant future for myself , if only to get a way for a while . Susan
Okay , you asked for it... . The mind I love must have wild places , a tangled orchard where dark damsons drop in the heavy grass , an overgrown little wood , the chance of a snake or two , a pool that nobody's fathomed the depth of , and paths threaded with flowers planted by the mind . I absolutely love this quote . It manages to state , significantly more eloquently than myself , my own personal mantra of the last few years...I want to be pleasantly surprised . Which is ultimately why I don't see it within my power in the near future to settle . Maybe years down the road when desperation has set in I'll break down and throw myself at some sub-par individual , but let's hope it never gets to that point or if it does that I'm bordering on senile and just don't know any better . Anyway , I'm so glad we got to spend so much time together at Deborah's wedding and I love hanging out with you Mom and Becka ( sp?)...they crack me up . If there's anything I can do to assist you with this wedding , let me know...even if you just need someone to run errands with or support your ideas . I'd love to get together sometime this week for a drink , coffee , dinner , or whatever if you have any free time . Maybe Lisa would be available as well ? Talk to you soon , Sue
Em , Glad you had such a good time...sounds like Norm may have even had a little bit of fun ? Anyway , must agree on the ex-fianc ? front (  I am understandably nervous about said individual's return to Houston )  . Have to agree on the German beer/food front as well . I loved everything about that country while I was there , especially the people . They were all so jolly and round . Talk to you soon , Sue Had another pledge sister's wedding this weekend , Deborah Vest , and it was beautiful of course . Happened to run into Doug George , a.k.a Big Ken , and he said to say , "hello" . He's living in Austin these days and is planning on going to grad school in a year and a half or so ( though hasn't applied yet) . He said he saw T.L . recently in Dallas and Taylor has gained about 40 lbs , gone off his rocker , and is dating a girl who used to have purple hair...all sufficiently disturbing news . Anyway , maybe we'll be able to get in touch with Doug if we end up going to Austin while you're in town .
airfareplanet.com supposedly has flights around $545 at the end of the month...may be worth checking out . I keep trying to msngr you at lisaenron and it say you're not available . Are you not signed in or do I have the wrong address ?
are you using AOL or MSN msngr ?
Don't know what you think , but Duncan Sheik is playing at the Mucky Duck tomorrow night...Thurs could work for me too , we'll see .
What do I need to do to get the VCR fixed....I NEED to rent movies!!!!!!!!!!!! !
No problem...I'll give you a buzz if they show up at my desk .
please call...will be leaving in about 15-20 mins . so disregard phone message and call around 11:40 your time .
I believe this was intended for the other Susan Scott...I'm with Nat Gas trading . Thanks
I think it's supposed to start around 8:30 and the tickets are either $10 or $15...any interest ?
I don't know about the seating . Do you have NCL tonight ? I can't remember if it's Monday or Tuesday . Anyway , if we got there early enough , say 7:30 or 8:00 , I bet we could find somewhere to sit . Is that something you'd be able to do ?
Duncan comes on at 8:30 and the tickets are $15 .
Not for me... .
I'm probably heading out of here in a few minutes , so call me on my cell phone . Katy said she was up for going tonight too!! ! I think she's going to come over to my apartment around 7 or so . Talk to you soon , Sue
I just checked some of the air fare sights and there are flights available for around what I paid for mine....not sure what i'm going to do regarding the roomie...really will have to tell her soon . I'll be thinking . Let me know if you come up with anything .
Drop me a line and let me know when you think you'll be getting in on Friday . Also , did you have any interest in doing something Friday or Saturday night ?
Sorry I was in such a funk last night , I'm not really sure why but I assume it will pass soon . Anyway , got an email from Emily this morning and she said another trip should be planned to go over in Sept/Oct when the airfares are dirt cheap . I'm guessing I'll probably be up for going again by that time if you don't mind waiting that long . My guess is we could get tickets for somewhere around $350 or $400 . I think I found a flight for June ( probably the 5th - 12th) , but I'm going to end up spending somewhere around $600 . Let me know what you think . Sue
see
eventually...may go to the museum after work , but it closes at 7:00 so won't be back any later than 7:30 or so .
nothing...just want to reflect
British Airways...IAH to London Gatwick...coucil travel youth fare
As usual Alan , I am left somewhat disturbed by your words...and by the way , do you ever return phone calls ? As for the rest of you guys , I anxiously await our impending reunion in Cap City . Glad to hear everyone seems to be doing okay , with the exception of Emily who appears to be suffering from a severe case of spring fever . Jon Jon , went to an Astros game a couple weeks ago and saw your name on the scoreboard...it made me feel special . The trader I work with , who was there with me , is a huge baseball fan and upon hearing I went to school with you has insisted upon checking your stats regularly...seems you're not doing to shabby . Congrats . Life for me is pretty good , although I'm in desperate need of a deep , drunken conversation regarding life and all it's complexities ( I expect everyone to contribute to said discussion when we convene) . I'm sure I'm not the only one , but things just seem to be getting less certain the older I get . Don't want to get to heavy now...so I'll saw the really bleak stuff for Austin . Ciao , Sue
Still working on it...have to talk about the apartment and leases tonight . Talk about bad news bears !
I may cruise over to this place later with my work friend Monique...would you have any interest in going ? Regardless , I'd still like to get together for dinner or a drink after work . Drop me a line and let me know if you're still up for doing something . Sue Dan Electro's Guitar Bar The bluesy music at this six-string bar has drawn celebrities and scenesters for years . Bar/Club Profile The Scene The bar's large courtyard , canopied entirely by trees , makes outdoor conversation pleasant even on Houston's sultry summer nights . The Sound Patrons ( "real nice folks" ) can settle in among the guitars with $2 draft beers and enjoy an eclectic sampling of music , from blues to alternative country , rock to folk . Electro-fying Blues Thursday night's blues jam has been going on for more than 10 years and shows no signs of letting up , especially since it draws the likes of Greg Allman and Richard Gere . If you're really lucky , you might even catch Jim , the owner , wailing away onstage on one of his own Danelectro guitars . Melanie Haupt
looks like the festivities start around 9:30 or so...which is probably when I'll get there . I will of course have the cell phone in tow if you just want to call after your dinner . maybe tonight will actually work and we can get a much needed live music fix .
Well , I think I managed to adequately disturb her yesterday . Not only did I go to the Menil collection by myself ( can you imagine?)...I also went to berryhill and ate dinner solo . When I got back to the apartment she said I should've called and she would've met me for eats . My immediate response , "Actually , I needed some solo time." Subject closed . As for the lease , brought up the subject and it went pretty much no where . Discovered we could sign a year lease and if she decides to up and go I can move into a one bedroom if I give the complex 30 days notice...which is what I'm figuring we'll end up doing . I also told her that I got my airplane ticket through council travel on British Airways leaving the 5th and returning the 12th ( via email yesterday ) and she didn't mention it last night . Who knows ? I'm not going to mention it anymore , it's up to her . And ditto on the witty repartee .
Going to hear some live music tonight at Dan Electro's Blues Jam in the Heights...excited to try something different . However , I am ditching Kates , Lis , and Laura J . so mums the word . Just don't feel like having a dinner filled with cotton candy chat .
I think this was intended for the other Susan Scott . Thanks
Yes...except I'm sure it will take six more months before they have all of the information changed in the system .
Hey there , Just wanted to check and see what your plan is for this weekend . Shoot me an email if you get the chance and let me know when you're going to be driving into Houston . Talk to you soon , Sue
that sounds good...don't push yourself to do too much , you need to take it as easy as you can until all of your internships start this summer because you know they're going to be tiring . plus , you'll be busy introducing me to all of the cute single guys you'll be working with...talk about exhausting ! i'll either chat with you tonight or tomorrow and we can figure out what , if anything , we want to do . personally , just going a having a good meal coupled with good conversation sounds great to me - nothing big .
Perfect....Katy also just called to let me know that John Conalee is playing at the Tin Hall tomorrow night , so that of course is another option .
There's a song both you and Mary are currently playing with the following lyrics..."and now I know for the first time too , all of the ways I've been lying to you . It's not that I don't think we can't open up in time , it's just that I'm afraid of what we'll find." Could you enlighten me as to the artist's name ? I keep forgetting to write it down . Thanks , Susan Scott
I am genuinely flattered that you are asking for my reading recommendations ( not to mention being associated in any way , shape or form with Sam - How is Sam by the way? ) Truth be told , however , of late much of my reading material has been natural gas related and although the industry is riveting , I'm not sure that is exactly the kind of entertainment you had in mind . However , I did read a book a few months ago that you might find rather interesting . The title is The Professor and the Madman : A Tale of Murder , Insanity , and the Making of the Oxford English Dictionary . I know it may sound a little dry at first glance , but I actually found it extremely interesting . If you go to Amazon.com there are reviews on all of the books I've included here . There are also a couple of other books I'm in the process of reading right now: Galileo's Daughter : A Historical Memoir of Science , Faith , and Love and Eleanor of Aquitaine : A Life . The Galileo book is a little slow to start , but has tons of interesting historical references , as does Eleanor of Aquitaine . If I remember correctly , you always had a bit of a fondness for history . I also read Memoirs of a Geisha last fall and couldn't put it down , although I have talked to others who didn't find it as enjoyable . Personally , I was completely intrigued by the time period and uniqueness of Eastern culture , and the author was meticulous when it came to research for the book . Hope this helps you out a bit . As for the "Peacers" comment...Definitely think we are tested , but I think the tests are there to force us to recognize our own strength and endurance . Contrary to God not knowing anything about us , I'm convinced he knows everything about us and has the unique ability to know when we've lost sight of our talents , character and/or zest for life . It is at these moments life seems to hand us the upsets right ? But , in dealing with the upsets we come to a better understanding of who we are and what we have to offer the world ( or on a much smaller scale , what we have to offer the people around us for whom we care the most) . Sorry , I know I'm getting excessively deep , but I've been doing a heck of a lot of thinking lately - and much of it at church . Disappointed you won't be able to join the gang in Austin over the fourth , but we'll be sure to raise our glasses in a toast to you . And , I'll keep looking for you name on the Enron Field scoreboard . Later , Susan
was just about to write the check...i'll save it for you !
trying to call right now...are you surfing ?
Well...I would certainly be up for a little travel . The following locations looked interesting to me . Biarritz , Dinard , Carcassone , Perpignan , St . Etienne or Nimes in France . Cork , Kerry , Shannon , or Knock in Ireland . Brussels in Belgium . Turin , Pisa , Trieste , Venice , Pescara in Italy . And....Alghero . However , I'm going home tonight to look in my guide book at all of these places so I'll send you another revised email tomorrow . Get back to me when you can and let me know if you have any strong opinions one way or the other . Obviously , I'm pretty flexible . Sue
Hey Paul , I'm so glad you emailed . My parents were just asking me what you were up to this past Sunday...now I'll have something to report to them . It's good to hear that things are going so well for you and I must say I'm a tad envious you're getting to do so many things you've always wanted to this summer ( I'm still trying to figure out exactly what those things are) . We will most certainly have to get together next week while you're in town . I may be going to Austin for part of the long weekend , but I doubt I'll go before Saturday so Thursday and Friday are definite possibilities . Happy to hear about your brother and Josh's impending marriages and can't wait to find out what school will next be graced with the presence of Paul Thomas . Talk to you soon , Susan PS- Alan , you'll have to come out with us now....no more hiding .
Hey , Good to hear from you . Can't say I have too much scoop on Reliant . Although , I do know a couple of people who work and have worked there and I'd be happy to put you into contact with them if you'd like . I'd love to get together while you're in town . Tomorrow night's probably best for me so either give me a call at work or on my cell phone when you get a chance . Ciao , Sue
I've got an opinion now...I think we should fly into Brescia ( Italy) . We could fly in and cab it to Brenzone . It's on one of those amazing lakes in northern Italy ( Lago di Garda) . You can go to Gardaworld.com and then just click on photo gallery and Brenzone to see what it looks like...absolutely amazing . It would be a fantastic trip in my opinion - Lots of great wine . Plus , you can be the exchange rate from Pounds or Dollars to Lire .
I know , I know....she booked the flight right after we all got off the phone . The final blow , her ticket was about $30 bucks less than mine ( Continental is evil) . Oh and by the way , I think she may be on your flight back to H-town on the 12th...maybe you can switch your seats to be next to each other ! Regardless , still think it's going to be fun and the economics definitely improve with more people . She does want to visit with some of the Enron people so get ready for a cat fight over precious little niklaus . I figure at least one of the days she's gonna want to see work people so we'll just get some market shopping in then ( and don't forget we'll have to escape to discuss my last escapade) . Anyway , like I said...still thinks it's going to be a good trip . Let me know what you think about the Italy trip after you have a chance to look...Lisa and I have both been to Salzburg , but I don't think either of are opposed to going back . The town is adorable and there are scenic vistas , not to mention sausage and beer . Ciao , Sue
Didn't you know....I hold the title of Ms . Cheyenne .
Paul , Got your message last night and since both nights work for Lisa and myself we figured we'd leave the decision up to the more finicky Alan . So Alan , it's all up to you...will it be Thursday or Friday ? If you're looking for a preference from Lisa or myself I think we would both be leaning more towards Thursday . So just shoot us all back an email and let us know when . Can't wait to catch up with you Paul . See ya this week , Susan
Paul , I got the message you left yesterday about the 5,000 of Watkins gas from Patina . I will be sure to pass that along to Jay et al . Susan
Hope the presentation was a rousing success . For future reference I would highly recommend calling me on my cell phone ( 713-775-6472 ) instead of the apartment phone . Lisa ALWAYS answers that phone...in fact , she usually doesn't even give me a chance if she's there ( who on earth would be calling me?) . We'll keep working on the "trip" . I'm sure something wonderful will come up and it will be a fantastic endeavor . Sue
Trading'em up old chap....Jay was out Friday , yesterday and is still out today so the eastern rockies are all under my command . It's been a bit on the chaotic side the last two days so I've really just been trying to maintain sanity . As always , it is a pleasure to hear from you and I would love to gather sometime and flex the brain muscle on something other than bid/offer and spreads . Ciao , Susan
Ok folks...Thursday it is . My only questions are: Do we want to do dinner ? And if so , what time ? If no dinner then we can just pick someplace relatively low key to hang out and chat...Sorry Paul , no downtown clubbing for you . Susan
no plans...where were you last night ?
Haven't decided yet , although I'd like to do dinner...any suggestions ?
thanks...if you don't mind creating the NC deal that would be great....either that or fax the details over and we'll do it here .
thanks...do you remember what the deal is with WR Gathering ? Are the deals with England and EJW over at the end of May ?
that could work...they do have food and it's not horribly crowded on Thursdays .
Ok kids...Lisa has made the excellent suggestion of Black Lab for food and drinks tomorrow . So how does 6:00-6:30 sound to everyone ? I think this link will take you to the appropriate map...if it doesn't work just go to Houstoncitysearch.com and look up Black Lab...it will take you to a map . See you then , Susan
1 . What time is it ? 10:22 AM 2 . Name that appears on your birth certificate ? Susan Margaret Scott 3 . Nicknames: Sue , Susie , Susie Q , Subaru , SueBob , the Booz ( brother-in-law ) 4 . Parent's names: Chuck & Sally 5 . Number of candles that appeared on your last cake:can't remember 6 . Date that you regularly blow them out: January 31 ( usually Super Bowl weekend ) 7 . Pets: Dog- Bailey ( at my parents house ) 9 . Eye Color: blue 10 . Piercing: just one in each ear.. . 11 . Hair color: blonde 12.Tattoos: none...and there never will be any 13 . How much do you love your job ? A heck of a lot more than my last one...of course , any time you go from 16-18 hour days to 8 hour days it's got to be a good thing 14 . Hometown: Houston 15 . Current Residence: Houston 16 . Have you been in love ? never.. . 17 . Currently in love ? see above 18 . Favorite thing about email ? keeping in touch with friends and relatives who've moved away and getting hold of the people in Houston I never seem to be able to track down any other way ( Jen , you know who you are ) 19 . Ever been toilet papered?: yes 20 . Loved somebody so much that it made you cry ? I've certainly cried , but I think it was hurt pride rather than love 21 . Been in a car crash ? yes , rear ended a suburban when I was sixteen...crushed the front of my car , his bumper had a little scratch ( those cars are invincible ) 22 . Croutons or Bacon Bits ? BOTH , I'm with Jen on this one 24 . Coffee or Ice-Cream ? Why not both ? 25 . Blanket or stuffed animal ? stuffed animal - always bears , since I can remember 26 . Best Color: blue...almost every shade 27 . Salad Dressing: Used to be Ranch , but I've developed a new found zeal for Blue Cheese 28 . Socks Color ? White athletic sox...only when working out . Or , black socks w/ boots in the winter 29 . Book you are reading or hope to read ? Eleanor of Aquitaine , How Good Do We Have to Be ? ( Harold Kushner...It's wonderful) , Catch-22 ( seen the movie , always wanted to read the book ) 30 . Favorite Movies: Although I LOVE Pride & Prejudice ( the BBC version! ) I'm gonna have to go with "Mr . Smith Goes to Washington" and "Roman Holiday" . Absolute classics and extremely moving . 31 . Favorite Foods: Mexican Food is a must and I have a new addiction to sushi...don't forget a good steak Song Playing at the Moment: no music at work right now either...but , depending on the mood we get everything around here Metalica , Johhny Cash , Poison , you name it . 33.Toothpaste: Crest 34 . Restaurants: Kirby Lane ( Austin) , Berryhill ( Houston ) 35 . Flower: Lilies 36 . Least Favorite Food: liver...I know it's the easy answer , but I've tried it and DID NOT like it . 37 . Favorite Sports to Watch: Live - Texas Football On TV - tennis , basketball and football 38 . Fast Food Restaurant: McDonald's 39 . When was your last hospital visit: 3 yrs . ago when my nephew , Mack , was born 40 . Favorite Drink ? Frosty cold glass of Milk ( at least 2% ) or a nice glass of red wine...unfortunately , I usually go for the latter . 41 . What color is your bedroom carpet ? beige 42 . How many times did you fail your Permit and or Driver's Test ? zero 43 . Where do you see yourself in 10 years ? No idea...and that's the most exciting part . 44 . Who is the last person that you got email from before opening this one ? Cindy Richarson the organizer for Enron's running club 45 . Have you ever been convicted of a crime ? no 46 . Which single store could you max out your credit card ? It max out faster at Saks , but I'd have more fun digging for bargains at Saks Off Fifth 47 . What do you do most often when you are bored ? watch TV or read magazines 48 . What words or phrases do you often hear overused ? On the trading floor.."sh#* , fu&@ , etc. , etc." 49 . Friend who lives farthest away ? Emily Hillegeist in London and my brother and sister-in-law in South Korea 50 . Most annoying thing: Overuse of sex in advertising ( Prime example , the Uncle Ben's rice ads...completely unnecessary . I mean come on , it's rice . How sexy can you make rice ? 51 . Best things in the world ? Have to again agree with Jen here...God's grace , my family and new experiences . And , I'd also have to go with great friends and the ability to continually surprise one's self . 52 . Bedtime: Used to be midnight but I've been better the last few weeks so now it's between 10:00 and 11:00 53 . Who will respond to this fastest ? I'm gonna have to go with Meador . 54 . Who is the person that you sent this to that is least likely to respond ? Emily...she's a busy girl . 55 . What time is it now ? 10:55 AM Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at
I actually do know that girl...helped recruit her a year or so ago . She always seemed nice to me and normal , but I'll ask around and see what I turn up . Yes , I am still coming over there . I get into London on the 6th of June and fly out on the 12th . Please let me know if you're going to be in town during that time . I really want to try and get together while I'm there . I may be going elsewhere the 6th thru the 9th ( my friend , Emily , wants to take a little trip somewhere ) but I will definitely be in town Saturday night through Monday...let me know . I was very excited to hear about Caycie too . Susan
So are you in ? 
Hey Corey , I'm thinking about driving to Austin this weekend to see Kathy & Travis's new house as well as the two of them and the kids . Just wanted to see what you were going to be up to and if you might want to get together . I know you still have to work at the Law Review , but I figure you won't be there 24 hrs . a day...course I could be wrong . Talk to you soon , Sue
Think I may head up to Austin Sat-Sun but I'll be probably be here Sunday night and will definitely be here Monday....Did you know Luke Olsen is playing at Blanco's tonight ? What are you doing this weekend ? Sue
My bad...it's not Luke . I just called and I think they said the Hollisters . Anyway , the Radney Foster gig is extremely tempting but I really need to see my sister and the kids...depending on what Corey has to say though , I may just go to Austin Sunday and Monday . We'll see . Give me a buzz or drop a line if you want to get together . Sue
Matty already left work , but I'll be sure to pass the message along .
I'll work on the jaunt and will do on the limeade's....talk to you tomorrow .
Wow...I must say this was the last thing I expected you to be emailing me about . I'll try and give you a call after work (  around 4:30 or so )  if you want to talk about it some more , just let me know . I do think it's good that you guys are at least talking about all this stuff regardless of what you decide is the right for both of you . Sorry to hear about Jay...that is horrible . What brings on shingles anyway ? I thought it has something to do with stress , but I could be totally off . Glad you like the CD...I've been listening to it non-stop . I'm totally empowered after "I'm Alright" and then plunge into super-reflective mode with "Wildest Dreams" . Get on the Kim Richey web site and read the lyrics and you'll understand why . By the way , she's playing at Stubb's on June 14th and in Houston at The Fabulous Satellite Lounge on the 16th....food for thought . As for my call , there was some news...he contacted me around 10 am or so and we chatted throughout the day . I'll tell you more about it when I call , but you're only going to be a bigger fan . That of course is the problem I'm having . Talk to you soon , Sue
The price should be Inside Ferc Monthly Index....the deal has been changed in the system .
Hi George You will want to liquidate the June Exotic Options today ( using the valuation spreadsheet- Basis Pipe Options 2001.xls ) as well as update the Option P&L file to account for the June Exotic option's value you calculate . You will actually roll-over the Options P&L tomorrow , after you finalize the 31st's P&L ( the final P&L file will include any Prior Month Adjustments as well as broker fees) . You will update the Basis Pipe Options 2001.xls when the actual published indexes come out...so that will most likely be Monday . At that point you can send the file to Beatrice Reyna in it's final version . If you have any other questions just come by and get me and we'll go over them . Susan
Hi Ivonne , I opened up new bank accounts recently and need to set up direct deposit for my pay checks and expense reports . Could you let me know what all I need to do to have this set up ? I have already filled out the form available on eHRonline.com . If you could either email me with the instructions or call at ext . 31455 I would appreciate it . Thanks , Susan
Thanks
what is it exactly you need help with...maybe i can answer your questions via email .
I've never run that file since it was split out , but my guess is you need to add any prior month adjustments and broker fees to today's file . Tomorrow you will want to roll the file over to the new month...Errol should be able to help you with that . Make sure you also follow the Liquidation instructions for the gas daily post-id's...you can find them on that color coded sheet George has . Swing by if you need anything else . Susan
Just called...they're going to put it on our door tonight . We just have to sign it and stick it in the night drop .
You guys have fun...sadly i'll be out due to a broker dinner . I'll be sure to catch the next one .
Way to go...very excited for you . You will HAVE to let me Monday know how things went .
Yes....but we're going to have to pay a late fee .
haven't tried...will do so now...i am on msngr as well ( AOL , MSN , Yahoo!...take your pick )
sscott5_2000...i think
"....also , some annoying requests- katy forgot all the minutemade frozen limeade she'd promised to bring for our Eagles marg party , and the jerky from dad - suspiciously , she remembered my pocket-sized neosporin tube......but anyways , it would be FABULOUS if you and lisa could each cart over 3-4 tubes of the limeade wrapped in plastic ( carry-on....obviously could be ugly in non-pressurized cabin in suitcase! ) doesn't matter if thaws , but will need approx 7-10 tubes for the festivities , plus , dad has that great turkey jerky from NB to send along...." Fear not , I have the turkey jerky . Address...118 Portland Road ( the postcode is W11 and the tube stop is Holland Park ) Phone #...011 44 2072 43 1926 ( this is with the country code so I'm not sure exactly what you dial in London , I know you have to knock off the 011 and possibly the 44 ) If you end up taking the tube you'll walk out of the tube station and take an immediate left . Walk roughly two blocks and then take another right onto Portland Road . There will be a pizza place right on the corner . You'll walk all the way down Portland road until it looks like the road ends in a cul-de-sac . The roads actually continues on the other side of a little bricked area with benches ( a place called Janie's Wine Bar will be on your immediate left) . Emily's flat is in the row of flats to your right and the number is on the door ( which if I remember correctly is blue) . See you there , Sue
My mom told me about Tootsie when we got home...I am so sorry . I know how much those dogs mean to you...as do most Londoners based on the picture arsenal . Anyway , I'm sure the funk will last for a while , but eventually you'll start to feel better . Just take the long weekend to relax and recoup from the news ( and doctor prodding)...we'll grab a margarita next week sometime . Sue
Okay...I'm an idiot...I forgot to bring your email address with me to London ( it's saved in my contacts list at work ) and I can't check my work email from outside locations...augh ! Yet again , I fail . However , I had such a good time visiting I think I'm going to try to make a quick trip back over this fall when the air fares are a little cheaper . That way , I could see you and Jessica and Clay . I will stick your phone number in my physical address book and be a better visitor next go-round . Sorry again for the oversight . Also , the next trip I make will most likely be solo ( my roommate in Houston came with me this time ) so it will be significantly easier for me to maneuver . Talk to you soon , Susan Any luck on the roommate front ? Do you still want me to talk to Millie ?
Cindy , Sorry no response from me , I've been out of the country . Being a novice , I forgot to look at the clock exactly when I crossed . I know it was 30 mins and some odd seconds , so my best guess is 30.10 minutes Hope this helps . Susan Scott
See...I told you you were invited . I think I must have dropped the invitation or something . Let me know what you think . I'd been planning on going to the Kim Richey concert Sat night at the Fab Satellite Lounge ( along with Corey , Doug , and yourself if you were interested) . Honestly think I'd rather go to the concert , but I would feel somewhat guilty . What are your thoughts ?
So did you make it in today ? Hope you're feeling better . Wasn't sure last night if you were or weren't interested in the concert Sat . night . Let me know because if we decide to go I'm going to buy the tickets today . Also , Boone called about 11:45 last night to berate you for not returning phone calls or emails . The message is on the answering machine if you want to call the apartment and listen to it ( be forewarned , there is a lot of rambling) . Sue
Hey Corey , Was wondering if you and Doug still had any interest in the Concert Sat . night . Drop me a line and let me know if you want to go ahead and buy tickets ( they're $15 a piece) . The box office opens at 8:00 and doors open at 9:00 , but the last time I went there there was a line to get in by 8:45...I would recommend showing up around 8:15 or so to make sure you get a seat inside . Still trying to figure out how guilty I'd feel missing this bachelorette party.. . Sue
None as of yet...so are you just going to let the party people know tomorrow or what?...I figured from your last email you were a lock . As for myself , I'm still waiting to hear back from Corey about the concert , so I don't know what I'm doing yet either . I would love to go to dinner with the crew and then transition to the concert but I don't think the times exactly work out . Anything in the hopper for this evening ?
Lisa....FYI: you already sent this email to everyone ( at 10:48) .
I think some relaxation time is definitely in order for you...so don't worry about tomorrow . If you're in we can just try and buy tickets there , and if you're out I'll go to the bachelorette party...easy peasy . Considering you start this whole ride over again on Monday , I would totally understand you wanting to bail out . Whatever you decide PLEASE do not worry about me...I am the epitome of flexible these days .
back to reality with a vengeance , sometimes reality is no fun...I think the weekend in NB will prove beneficial for you as well so enjoy . I'm guessing I'll end up at the party despite wanting to go to that concert at the Fabulous Satellite Lounge ( I hate having a conscience! ) .  no contact with the guy...although i think he went home mid-week for a friend's wedding...regardless , though it may not sound like it , i haven't been too focused on the situation . on a another "playing with fire" note , went and grabbed a couple pints wednesday with dutch ( the old boss ) and ended up eating dinner with him as well . he paid ( although he tricked me into letting him , said he was charging it to the company so i'd put my money away...needless to say he didn't expense it) . we've always been friends so i guess one outing doesn't hurt , but any future encounters may have to include others for safety reasons . i'll see you when you get home .
Hi Mrs . Barker , Sorry it's taken me so long to respond regarding the party Saturday ( Lisa and I only got back into town a couple days ago from visiting Emily in London) . I had actually already purchased concert tickets for Saturday night , but am currently seeing if I can find anyone willing to buy them from me . If I am successful in pawning these things off I will be present and accounted for to help Kelly and the gang celebrate . I will be sure to take your number home with me and give you a call tomorrow to let you know my status either way . Thanks again for everything , Susan
Hey Sarah , Nice to hear from you . I know you just talked to Lisa the other day so I got a little more detailed update from her . I'm sure she told you about our trip over to London...we had a really good time which included me spending a small fortune . Oh well , money's meant to be spent , right ? Anyway , sounds like you've got some really exciting activities to look forward to over the next 6 mos to a year . Can't wait to hear all about the baby when it arrives ( the first in the family is always exciting ) and I know you and Mike are going to have the best time jaunting around Europe . I wish I was planning the same kind of trip right now . As for your future beyond that , have you been to Seattle before ? I'm taking a long weekend there with a friend from work and would love to hear more about things to do if you have any advice . Otherwise , I'll be sure to let you know what I found on my own visit . Hope things continue to go well for you and we'll have to get together when you come back to Texas.. . Sue
Hey gang , I think I'm in for tomorrow...so barring a snafu , I'll see y'all at the hotel . Sue
Look'n sharp Mr . Scott....G.I . Joe eat your heart out!!! !
I'm assuming this was meant for you.. .
Okay...so here's the link . Once you get to the sight , click on About APB and then Just for Fun . Once you're on the Just for Fun page click on Derby 2001 and go to the last picture on the first row . You can read the names from there . Hope the first day at the new office is going well . Give me a call sometime and let me know what the scoop is regarding Wednesday and the baseball game . I'm anxious to hear if you talked to Leslie again after the cryptic phone call on Saturday . Sue btw....not only no contact , but not said individual's not even logging into messenger...I think this where people tend to say "stick a fork in it."
Hey friend , I just got your card yesterday in the mail and am so thrilled that you've asked me to be a part of your wedding . I will try and give you a call later on today or tonight to talk in person , but I wanted to let you know ASAP that I will gladly participate in any way possible in the pre-wedding and wedding day activities . This really is such an exciting time in your life and I look forward to all of the festivities . Love , Sue PS - Trish Murphy is playing tomorrow night at the Mucky Duck if you have any interest .
Just got your email...I'll take a look at it after morning trading . It does sound like it would be fun . What happened to you last night ? I was starting to get worried about you . Also , we have one of our Taster's dinners Thursday night and both Katy and I are planning on going . Any interest ?
So if I can get tickets ( actual seats...not standing room only ) are you game for tonight ? The concert starts about 8:30 so I figure we would try to get there early enough to get decent seats and possibly eat . Let me know . Sue Sorry no call last night...I passed out cold when I got home . Also , I'm dying to hear about the Jonatha Brooks concert . I had planned on going , but a high school friend's bachelorette party conflicted . I was really wanting to see Kim Richey...I'm wearing a hole in my CD .
so you can only buy tickets at the Mucky Duck...I may go by right after work to try and get them...Do you want me to just call you on your cell phone and let you know if we've got actual seats ?
me too !
Diane , I am no longer the book admin handling the trader referenced by the deal below . I have taken the liberty of forwarding this email to the individual now running the book in question . Let me know if there is anything else I can do . Thanks , Susan Scott Sean , The deal which needs to be changed is highlighted and bolded in red below . Susan
Have you dropped off the face of the earth ? Give me a call or email .
Oh boo-hoo...cry me a river . Sorry I missed Tuesday , but I went to listen to live music with a friend from UT . How are things going with you ? I had a great time in London and came back with some Cubans for Dad and a 1920's platinum and diamond watch for myself...can't wait for you to see it . Give me a call sometime , would like to hear what's new in your life . Susan
What's up with tonight ? The Tasters dinner is at 7:00 at some restaurant called Fire and Ice . Shot me an email or call when you get a chance and let me know the plan . Sue
Tell me more about Cara!!!! !
yes...but i haven't heard the updates post date .
Hey , I may swing by the Tasters dinner just to say , "Hi" to everyone and then meet you at the Forest Club . What do you think of that ? Also , Katy and I may go to Blanco's later if you and Leslie have any interest . So I've decided I will have to crash some of your happy hours and try to meet some decent boys . I'm sick of these crappy ones . Sue
Hey Matt , Just thought I'd let you know that I'm thinking about heading to New Braunfels tonight to see Emily . We were wondering if you might want to get together tonight...we've missed you terribly . You can shoot me and email back or just call Emily at the river house ( 830 -964-2494 ) or me on my cell phone after 4:00 ( 713-775-6472) . Sue
i'm taking off right now . just talked to em and her parents are coming up tonight to stay for the weekend and work on the house . call me on my cell phone , i'll have it turned on at 3:30 .
yes...but i've decided my hormones are about the equivalent of a 16 yr . old boy's . we left about 20 mins after you guys and i drove him to his car . he asked if i minded him calling to ask me out wednesday or thursday of this week as he is going out of town this weekend ( he said he'd tried earlier this year...to which i responded "yes , and failed miserably" ) . ..we'll see . he is a cutie though . i don't know if you'll ever have a chance to look at the picture of you know who , but physically bryan puts him to shame . Sue
Thanks Theresa . Do you know if Paul did a deal with EJW for July ? Also , do you know why the PSCO deal with Petrogulf is in the system as 265 on the supply side ? I thought the deal was for 360 w/ a 10% swing capability . Susan
Couple other things Theresa...Do we have Sinclair numbers for July ? And , are the Thermo numbers in Sitara good ? Thanks
you are the greatest...thanks
Ours is: My parents is: Glad I got to see you this weekend ! Sue
Theresa , You're gonna kill me , but I left all my T-account notes at home this morning . Can you shoot me the FUGG breakdown again ? Thanks , Susan
i'll give you a call in a few
done
Date: 6/20/01 7:41 AM RE: Fwd: Fw: Warning - alcohol
if you get this give me a call on my cell phone....it's 5:15 right now
I'm so sorry I've hurt you Boone...never my intention . I had no idea you were so fragile , you hide it well . Life at Enron is good but things have been pretty busy the last couple weeks . I went to New Braunfels last Friday to visit one of Lisa and my friends ( actually it's the girl we visited in London ) and then had a wedding to go to Saturday night . No big plans for the 4th as of yet . I'm still trying to figure out where I'm going to be...could be Houston , Austin or Georgetown . I know , I know...I'm such a jet-setter . How about yourself ? Planning another famous Boone BBQ . Cooking commences at 3:00 am , right ? Hope you're having a nice day .
still the wrong one...try sscott3@enron.com , that usually works for me .
Please don't send me any more compression services emails . I have nothing to do with any of the information below and should probably not even have access to it...the Susan Scott you're looking for does not have the middle initial M . There is no middle initial shown for her in the system . Thank you
You still interested in going to the Firehouse on tomorrow night ? I just checked my messages at home and Bryan called last night...at 9:45 ! I was already passed out . I know I'm an old bitty , but that is just too late to be calling a working girl when you're looking for a date Wednesday or Thursday night . Anyway , I will give him a call this afternoon but I might suggest we just do something when he gets back from his trip . I talked to Katy last night ( before he'd called ) and told her about the firehouse...she's definitely interested . Let me know what you think . Sue
Thanks for all the info . Susan
he's going to Vegas I think...And I have no idea when we'd go over there . I'll talk to Katy and see what she thinks .
so i talked to bryan last night...after a few ritas and beers . supposedly we're going to do something tonight . very curious how this will all pan out . i do kind of feel "old" around him . not because he's immature or anything of that nature , but because i've been out and working for 2 yrs now and he's living at home with his parents and planning on going back to school...just feel like i'm in a very different place . of course , as usual , i'm giving this way too much thought . Susan really wanted to go to the firehouse...maybe i can tell him i have to be home early and i could meet you ( and Katy ) there later ? i'm so bad .
This was intended for the other Susan Scott . Thanks
I think this was intended for the other Susan Scott . Thanks
Well...when i was there you liquated the P&L post-id everyday , so unless that's changed you will continue to do that everyday . For the last day of the month you will also want to liquidate the Official post-id as well . Look at the file I've attached and it will explain how to handle the Gas Daily book this month since the last day of the month is not a week day . The notes are in blue . Let me know if you have any other questions . Susan
just tried to call you at the river house....if you're online , shoot me an email when you're about to get off
jeez.....i don't care how good things are between them right now , you have to respect a just the girls dinner !
call me on my cell phone if you get a chance...i'm leaving the office right now .
Just wanted to make sure you're okay...woke up this morning and you hadn't come home . I may be heading out after morning trading to go home b/c I feel like dirt . Sue
Ina , Is there something I need to do in regards to this email . I appears some coding information needs to be filled out for my cell phone . Thanks , Susan
Actually , I think this may be for you...I see Christi Nicolay's name on the distribution as well and I usually assume emails with her name attached are intended for you . Let me know if this isn't the case . Thanks , Susan
Stopped by Em's last night before coming home and she'd mentioned trying to do Austin this weekend . She'd already talked to Katy and it sounded like Katy was interested in Austin tomorrow night and then maybe Gruene on Saturday night . Anyway , wanted to let you know and see if you had any interest . Emily and Katy would probably try to leave early tomorrow to stop in Round Top and do some antique shopping...so , if you think you could leave the office around 5:00 or so ( of course earlier is always better ) we could ride together and at least get on the HOV lane . As it stands right now I think we're going to have stay in hotels both nights and we of course currently have no reservations , so it could get interesting . Sue
Hope you had fun yesterday...I was actually writing to see if you had any interest in going to Austin this weekend . Emily , Katy , myself and possibly Lisa are talking about making a trip up there tomorrow . We would be going out with some guy friends of ours so if Doug wanted to come he wouldn't be completely outnumbered . Also , one of Katy's friends manages Pat Green and he's playing at Gruene Hall so we were thinking about trying to go see him on Saturday . Drop me a line and let me know if you have any interest . Sue
I forgot Leigh Ann was going to be in town this weekend . As for this evening , I think we're still on . The movie is showing at the Angelika at 7:40 or Greenway 3 at 10:00...I'm assuming both of us would prefer the earlier movie , but there is something to be said for proximity . What are your thoughts ? We could either take our time with dinner and then do the movie or just go to the early show and maybe grab dessert afterwards . My guess is Emily would probably prefer the earlier time , since she may be taking off early tomorrow .
I'm intrigued...what prompted the cooking class ? If you do end up in Austin tomorrow night , we'll have to try to get together . Sue
It's been quite a while since we caught up on things . How are you doing these days ? Things here are pretty good . I went about a month ago and visited Emily in London and have been busy with work , etc . Hope you had a good Fourth of July!! ! Susan
It happens to me pretty regularly . Time: Yesterday around 4:30 pm Conversation: Him: yo Me: hey Him: guess what Me: what Him: i'm an engaged man Him: that kind of came out of nowhere huh There was about 15-20 more of conversation which we can discuss later , but needless to say I'm still reeling . So are you heading up to Austin today ? Sue
sorry didn't check email till today . things have just been really busy the last month and i've been doing quite a bit of traveling . i'm out of town this weekend , but maybe next week .
No problem...and you still need to see the Yankee Doodle Dandy movie , very patriotic and especially poignant for an independence day baby . As for gas trading land , things are good . Everyday I become a little more comfortable with the region I'm trading as well as the ins and outs of the pipeline and storage systems . Sorry to hear about the ag group's demise , but I'm guessing there are some great opportunities to be had on the weather desk so congratulations are in order ( as usual you have landed on your feet) . What's Darren going to be up to as a result of this ? Anyway , glad you got in some vacation time before the move and as luck would have it over your birthday . Did you make it back to Cali or head to your new second home , Austin ? I'm assuming the book you are referring to is Market Wizards...I haven't read it yet , but have heard much about it from some of the other traders on the desk . Maybe I should give it a look , if only to see what kind of things I'll need to write about once I join that circle...attitude is key . Shorty
thought you'd get a kick out of reading this...start from the bottom up . ( you'll have to click on the web link to see the e-card i sent ted for his b-day ) as monique comically pointed out this morning , "bet you never thought somebody would make ted look good?" in the land of disappointing men , it's all a matter of degrees . Sue
She lives!!! ! I know it's been ages since we've caught up on each other's lives . I'm anxious to hear what's happening in yours in the upcoming months . I'll have to give you a call at home some time so we can really talk . As for a visit , you know I'm always up for a trip out to the coast . I'm actually heading to Seattle next weekend with a friend from work and then August is going to be filled with a trip to Denver ( work related...I know tough ) and a visit to S . Korea to see Chris and Chuck for a week and a half or so . I'm really excited about that trip...I think we're going to try and take a weekend jaunt somewhere like Singapore , Hong Kong or Beijing while I'm there . So given all of that , what are your thoughts on Labor day weekend ? It's the first weekend of September...automatic 3 day weekend for me , so I could fly in around the same time I did on my last visit that Friday and leave Monday afternoon . Let me know if that sounds good , or if there's some other weekend you had in mind . You'll have to tell both of the Eric's and Clint I said , "Hello." I had such a great time hanging out with all of them , and your cousin too . You attract very fun and interesting people...it's a credit to your excellent company . By the way , how are things in regards to Clint...still just good hang-out buddies ? I'm assuming , since you didn't say anything in your email that things with Brendan are still good and if so , I'm glad for you . I went shopping at Stein Mart recently too and found some really cute things , I absolutely love that store . And , I'm honored to be your shopping museLove , Susan PS - The job's still good and I miss you too .
I know...I'm a peach . Ha . Anyway , dinner was really good . We had spaghetti ( which John cooked) , garlic bread and some of the red wine I'd brought over . And , we watched Crouching Tiger which I loved . You were right , it is a very woman take charge film .
Em got the grandparent dinner changed to Wednesday night , so we'll be able to get together tonight . She's supposed to give me a buzz later and let me know what she would like to do . Odds are we're looking at a happy hour , followed by a nice dinner and then who knows what . Talk to you later , Sue
FYI: Bryan called last night to see if I wanted to go out again . I think we'll probably end up going out on Thursday...I don't know . We'll see how it goes , but I don't feel as excited or enthusiastic as I probably should . Sue
thought you might be interested in this.. .
Last night was good...a nice , relaxed dinner suited me just right . As for a rematch , we'll see...I've got dinner with Monique and Jennifer ( you met her downtown once I think ) tonight . So maybe Thursday or Friday night we could do something . I'll give you a call later . Julie's email address is julieg@qualcomm.com Sue
I know , it's been ages since we've chatted . I will definitely give you a buzz so we can catch real time . I got Clay's message and thought I'd replied , but obviously I forgot . I'm actually going out of town next weekend . Which makes me so sad because it would be great to see everyone again . Of course , I suppose we'll all be seeing quite a bit of each other with Jen and Caycie's weddings coming up . I talk to you soon , Sue Glad to hear things are good...even if they are hectic .
Did you get that Katy ? Just kidding....I'll see you guys at the apartment .
Hey Lis , How's married life treating you these days ? I hope things are good with your job , home , etc . I was actually writing you to try and get Bonnie's email address . My friend Monique and I are going to Seattle next week for a long weekend and I was hoping to get some tips from her as well as possibly get together for lunch or dinner . Hope to see you soon and please say , "Hi!" to everyone for me next weekend at the lake house . I'm so sad I'll be missing it , but I'd already booked my flight by the time Clay sent the email . Love , Sue
Hi Bonnie , How are you doing ? Lisa said you'd broken your foot recently and have been stuck on crutches...which I'm guessing is no fun when you're riding public transportation . Anyway , I was writing to see if you might have some suggestions of things to do and places to go while in Seattle . One of my co-workers and myself are flying up Thursday for a long weekend in your fair city and were hoping to get a few pointers . I hope you're still enjoying things as much as you were a few months ago . It looks like you may have changed jobs already , which I trust is a good thing for you . I'm very anxious to see the city and all it has to offer...there is a part of me that has always thought I'd like to live in the Pacific Northwest for a while ( so this will be a little bit of a research trip for me) . If you could start thinking of suggestions for restaurants , bars , outdoor activities , etc . that would be great , and maybe if you're in town we could get together for a meal or a drink . Thanks a bunch , Susan
It's so nice to hear from you ! Actually , we're coming this weekend . We get in around 10:30 on Thursday night and flight out very late on Sunday . At present we have reservations at the Mayflower Inn , but are debating taking a trip to the San Juan's ( possibly overnight - do you have an opinion on that?...i.e . can it be just a day trip) . Discovery Park sounds great....we are both very interested in doing as much outdoors as possible . To that end , we were thinking about doing some kayaking if you know of any particularly good places . I really hope we get a chance to meet up while I'm in town...you may want to give me your phone number so we can contact you once we're in town . Thanks again , Susan
Hey folks , It's harassment time . I'm trying to put together the contact list to end all contact lists . I was hoping you guys could help me out by filling in any of the info you may already have . I've attached an excel file which has plants , pipelines and storage facilities . Fill in whatever you can and feel free to add anything you think should be included . Just take a look at the sheet when you get a chance and let me know if you have any questions . Thanks for all the help , Susan
I've been wondering if you were alive....sorry I missed your call last Thursday , I was in a meeting . We seem to be in meetings for several hours everyday lately . Anyway , did you have the "Welcome Back Emily Party" ? If so I'm guessing you've been recovering for a couple of days . Hope the paper(s ) is/are going well . Talk to you soon , Sue PS - I'm in Seattle this weekend , so I'll miss the friend .
I actually think we have the Monday off ( Sept . 3) . So , ideally I'd fly in Friday evening and fly out Monday afternoon . I'll email more later , but just thought I'd give you a heads up . Susan
Thanks Bonnie...we're staying at the Mayflower Inn . I'll give you a call on your cell phone when we get to town . It may not be until Friday though since our plane gets in late...but I'll call none the less . Susan
You added sscott5 , not sscott3 , to the list...I'm with natural gas trading . Thanks , Susan M . Scott
Hey...if you'd like to try and get together Thursday or Friday let me know . I think a group is actually getting together Friday night for Ashlea Stuart's birthday , but I'd be willing to skip it ( or go if you'd like to see some people) . Anyway , just drop me a note when you get a chance...I could definitely use a good chat session . Sue
Hey Theresa....are you going to be putting in the Thermo volumes or would you like me too ?
I've decided the articles on MSN are crap and you shouldn't read them anymore....but this one made me laugh .
I heard someone pulled a hamstring trying to be butch w/ the military workouts... . As for me , the trip was fantastic . Mucho shopping and even more eating . Not to mention the weather was beautiful and you could actually walk everywhere you wanted to go . The plane flight back was definitely not fun , but I did survive . It reminded me of London quite a bit , although I think the weather is milder . I was actually checking out apartment sites the other day b/c I was that impressed with the place . It has a definite Austin vibe . The people are extremely friendly , seem generally happy and there is lots of scenic beauty and tons of stuff to do . Oh well , I'll console myself with the fact that I get to live in H-town...always lifts my spirits . Sue
I know I've thoroughly enjoyed all the commentary . I can honestly say , I think this is the first time I've been invited to an Aggie happy hour....and to that end , kudos to all those who opted out of Sam's Boat...you now may be forced to deal with a longhorn interloper .
Before you know it , we're gonna start outnumbering you guys .
Western Civilization was getting old anyway....we'll create a new and improved civilization .
I won't give you Charlton Heston , but maybe Marky Mark .
Anne , Didn't know if having this would be of any help , but here it is none the less . Susan
Ina , I keep receiving this message and am uncertain of exactly what it is they need me to do . Could you take a look at it and fill me in on what action I need to take ? Thanks , Susan
Good luck with the paper...I know how inspired you get when deadlines start approaching , so I'm sure it'll be fabulous . Sorry about the pulled muscle . What exactly does that do to the marathon plans ? Will you be able to compete still , or are you just going to hit all the wine stops now ? I think you're right about Katy's move to Dallas . I have a feeling she's actually going to really like being there and working . I pretty sure the folks are still helping out with living expenses , etc . so she won't have to make too big of an adjustment right off the bat . As for me , Seattle could definitely be a destination but it would require a job change . Enron doesn't have any offices up there . The closest office is Portland and for obvious and now unavoidable reasons I don't see a move there any time soon . You are right about not being able to go wrong with a place possessing Austin-like qualities...they are highly desirable . I will most certainly try to keep the September date open...it would be great to see Britney and Arden . We had Susan E.'s bachelorette party Saturday night ( plus a bridal shower earlier that day) . Lisa hosted Laura White's at the apartment the same night . I got to see and visit with Jenny Kenair ( sp?) , Janie Pitman , Rachel Pack among others . Very interesting . The two bachelorette parties met up at Black Swan for late night dancing . Lis was in rare form . I knew it was bad when she ran up and started hugging me....I think she almost crushed Susan and Kelly . Anyway , it was actually pretty fun and I've decided I really like Susan's sister Betsy...good sense of humor and not at all be-boppy . I did manage to trick her into doing the V-I-C-T-O-R-Y cheer at Black Swan though . I thought it was pretty darn funny myself...she was mortified when she realized I'd got her to do a cheer . Once again...best of luck banging out your opus . Talk to you soon . Sue If you're looking to procrastinate a little this evening you can give me a buzz on my cell . I'd try calling 5 pm or after .
Sorry I didn't call this weekend , but I was swamped Saturday and subsequently exhausted on Sunday . I basically rotated from my bed to the couch to the pool to the couch and back to bed . Pitiful but much needed . Anyway , I was just going to tell you to go ahead and buy the ticket for me . Departing the 14th and returning the 26th...which I believe puts me into Seoul Wednesday night and departing on a Sunday . You can either call or email if you have any questions for me . And , I'll decide where I'd like to go for the long weekend . I may pick two and just let you two decide the final destination . Sue
get online ( msngr ) if you get a chance...i'm still at work .
It all sounds pretty good , but is there any way to get on an earlier flight Sunday ? Probably not , I know there are only a few flights out a day , but if I could get into Houston closer to late afternoon on Sunday it would be a better for me . I'd really like to stay that Saturday night...so if worse comes to worse , I'll just deal with the jet lag . Susan
sounds good....i'd rather be useless a day at work , than miss a day over there....in the grand scheme of life .
Great....sounds good to me . Can't wait to see you guys .
I believe this was intended for the other Susan Scott . I'm Susan M . Scott with Nat gas trading . Thanks
I believe this was intended for the other Susan Scott . I'm Susan M . Scott and work in natural gas trading . Thanks
hello....long time no see . how are y'all doing these days ? i'm actually writing bc i've misplaced em's phone number in london and wanted to give her a buzz . do either of you have it on hand ? if so , could you please email it back to me . thanks em also mentioned something about NB in mid Sept...i'd love to see y'all if you decide to meet up with her . Susan
UGH....sorry i missed your call last night . I can't find your phone number either...i'll give you a call if you email it to me . otherwise , just give me a call later today .
Thanks anyway...I eventually tracked it down yesterday . And yes , the real world emphatically sucks . Emily's got the right idea , avoid it at all costs . Still , work's going all right for me . My hours have dramatically improved , which is nice , and they actually let me take time off for vacation . I'm reserving the weekend Emily mentioned in September so hopefully I'll see you there . Susan
I'm sorry it's taken me so long to get back to you . I would definitely enjoy the opportunity to answer any of your questions about the various opportunities within Enron . I know what an overwhelming place this can be at times . I'm actually heading out of the office today for a conference in Denver , but if you want to just email me some questions or pick a time that would be good for you to meet that would be great . Susan Scott
Sorry it took me so long to respond . It's been really busy here lately . You're going to be so disappointed in us , but we never ended up kayaking . Monique and I were so glad that you and Luke came to meet us for drinks . It was so fun getting to talk to y'all and hear all about Seattle and Vancouver . The weather actually turned out to be really good so we spent a lot of time outside . The Market was fantastic . We actually bought some boiled shrimp there and took in back to the hotel for a little in room picnic . We also hit "the Bite" which was really neat . Glad you and Luke had a good time in the mountains and please let me know the next time you're in Houston . It be great to see you again . Thanks again for everything , Susan
Paul , So nice to hear from you . I hope things are going great for you as well . I'm actually going Laura Jahnke's wedding that same evening . Otherwise , I would have loved to have gone . Please tell Nathan I say , "hello" and wish he and his new wife the very best . So when does school start ? And , how are the small businesses going ? Have a nice time at the wedding , Susan
Hey Ted , Do I even know this guy , or has someone yet again confused me with the other Susan Scott ? Since your one of the only names on this thing I recognize , besides Margaret's , I thought I'd ask . Susan
Just wondering why my ice cream and bean burritos were in the frig instead of the freezer last night....you come up with some new storage methods ? So what are you up to tonight ? Sue
For you... .
I know , I know....I dropped off the face of the earth for a while . I've actually been in Denver all week for a Natural Gas Convention . As for Labor Day weekend , I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to make it . I'm leaving for S . Korea next Tuesday and don't get back until the weekend before Labor Day weekend . So issue one is , will I have enough energy to make the trip ? The other issue is a friend's wedding in Park City that same weekend . I'd feel bad skipping her wedding but still going on a trip . So.....I was thinking maybe it'd be better all around if I came a different weekend . Why don't you take a look at your calendar and let me know what other dates in September look good to you . Susan
Also for you... .
Ditto.. .
Another misdirected email.... .
I'm sure it is...I'll just keep forwarding the emails to you as I get them . However , I will warn you that I'm on vacation from the 14th-26th of August . I'm going to visit my brother and his wife in S . Korea so it should be interesting . Anyway , you may want to give a heads up to people to make sure they're sending the information to the right person . Susan M . Scott
Hey...was wondering if you want to split this month's electricity bill.. . Last month was $175.00 , this month is $183.00 and we've also started paying for water ( which was only about $20 last month) . Anyway , just let me know...I won't make the full check out now if you want to split . Sue
Charles Bradley & Sally Scott I'll try giving you a call tonight just to catch up and see how things are going . Were you planning on going walking ? Sue
Becca , I am sooooo sorry I'm not going to be able to make the party . Please give everyone my best and tell Jen I would have done everything within my power to embarass her . I'm actually going to be in S . Korea visiting my brother and sister-in-law , so I do have a legitimate excuse . See you at the wedding if not before . Susan
I'm flying out for Korea tomorrow morning , but give me a call when you get home from your meeting...I'm sure I'll still be packing .
CONGRATULATIONS!!!!!! ! That's wonderful news....I think Laura is such a fantastic girl and I wish them both the very best .
Thanks Ash...I actually don't think I'm going to go , but if I change my mind at the last minute I will definitely take you up on it . Talk to you soon . We really are going to have to get together with all of the married couples roaming about.. .
If you email me while I'm out of town , go ahead and sent it to my hotmail account...susan_m_scott@hotmail.com I will definitely do my best to make it out there before October .
Ina , I keep getting this invoicing message , could you run me through getting this resolved . Thanks , Susan
You've got the wrong Susan Scott...you may want to try her married name ( which I , unfortunately , don't know) .
did you finally talk to him today ? i'm definitely interested in the movie/dinner ( i have a couple things in mind ) but it probably won't be till around 8 o'clock or so...if that's ok with you .
unfortunate...but you also don't want to go getting yourself attached to someone whom you ultimately don't have enough in common with to sustain the kind of relationship you're looking for . off the soapbox... . i'm going to the grocery store ( forgot some things) , the dry cleaners , running and finishing up laundry detail...so that will take up a bit of time .
sure....consider it done
Ina , Could you send in a request for Unify and Dart for me ? Thanks , Susan
In order that people may be happy in their work , these three things are needed: they must be fit for it; they must not do too much of it; and they must have a sense of success in it . -John Ruskin , author , art critic , and social reformer ( 1819-1900 )
i'm here...what's your yahoo msngr name ?
Mine is sscott5_2000 . If you go to yahoo's home page you can try to install it yourself ( eek!!! ) or use the search on your computer ( go to Start..Search...For Files or Folders ) and type in Yahoo Messenger . If you still have it on your computer it will show up in the search area and you can just double click on it...that should bring it up . I'm doing alright . And you hit the nail on the head with the Josh comment....that's exactly what I've been reminded of . That feeling of uncertainty...loss of youthful bravado , sadness , injured sense of security...all of it . Everyone in the Scott household is fine . Dad actually flew over NY yesterday morning before the first plane hit . He was coming from Manchester , NH . He said is was an absolutely beautiful day and that they flew right over Central Park...no idea how dramatically that skyline would change . The first they heard of the events that they must have just missed was when they landed in Nashville . He's still in Nashville right now obviously , but he's okay and that's what's important . I'm hoping with the limited flights they're allowing that Dad will be able to make it back to Houston soon , but it appears the FAA's just trying to get the passengers who are stranded back home so he may just be stuck somewhere else as a result . Chuck and Chris were supposed to fly out tomorrow morning from Seoul but they too have been delayed - indefinitely . The Army has put a hold on all duty station transfers which means we have no idea when they'll be leaving Korea or where exactly Chuck will be going . The stories and connections of the people on the news and those around me is horrifying and deeply saddening . A large number of people we do business with are based in NY and have lost countless friends and colleagues in the WTC's destruction . Chuck has some pledge brother's who are working up there , but we've heard that both of them are okay.I wish you were back home as well....I was on the phone with my Mom off and on all day yesterday and I must say it would've been nice to been back home on the couch with her . I did talk to Jen yesterday worried about LA and what was going on there , but she was fine as well . She said they'd shut down the airport and several major roads surrounding it , but nothing else of concern . We evacuated the Enron building around 9:30 yesterday morning...it was disconcerting . I walked down the 32 flights of stairs to get to my parking garage and had only one desire...to get out of downtown . There were rumors flying that Houston was another target and given the size of our building , our international presence ( esp . in regards to oil/natural gas ) and our CEO's connections to the President...I think everyone figured Enron would be a logical target . Fortunately , those fears were unfounded . On a lighter note...I'm very anxious to hear all about your marathon experience...including the trip there . Sounds like it was a doozey . Love ya , Sue
Please tell me you're safe and well in San Diego....I just got to thinking of you and the possibility that you'd be flying between DC and LA .
Hate to be the party pooper but , based on the events today and this entire week , a shot contest is the last thing on my mind .
don't know...not positive i'm going....i'll give you a call when i'm about to leave the building
no offense taken and i'm agreed on the camaraderie aspect...just don't think excessive drinking is an appropriate response . and , though i don't think you intended to , please don't EVER imply that i would crawl in a corner and be afraid...not in my nature
that's exactly the sense of pride in ourselves and our country we need to be displaying right now....go for it!! !
was debating sleeping but don't think i have a choice now...however , due to early morning run i will only be there briefly
odds are you're on the internet right now b/c the hillegeist phone is busy....you are impossible to get a hold of , i must have called 10 times yesterday to no avail . give me a buzz at work when you get a chance 713-853-1455 . lisa said she emailed you about dinner sometime before you leave , as if without her aid i wouldn't have seen you this visit...ha...anyway , talk to you soon . Sue
Say they make the offer....what then ?
evidently only for a select few
this sucks....can't nom until the internet's up how much would someone have s**t bricks if'd i'd made the same request....actually , the thought of that email response ( or lack thereof ) is making me laugh right now .
here's the deal on the arm: just got bk from france late mon night- had lots of fun , race was ok , but looooong . triped on harry potter's cape and had to go in ambulance to emergency room to get x-rays on my arm at the finish line . quel surpris- sustain injury to my arm while running a marathon . as for tomorrow...talked to Em this morning and she's on her way to NB to meet with the tile people . said she'd be back either late tonight or early tomorrow morning . as for tomorrow night , she's waiting to see about grandparents , etc . but may be able to meet if it's early....she's supposed to give me a call later so i'll let her know about the colina's thing sue
i just know how big you are on feeling you owe people sometimes....i just think you have to remove that a bit here
that sounds like a very good plan
you look very intense....what happened to the pwr meeting ?
like the pendulum would be anything different after one of those...i was considering a position as fry master at Mc D's i now completely understand suzanne's comments about condescension....i feel it non-stop . the "watch out"..."maybe i should get my resume together" comments are rubbing me the WRONG way . i need to give thomas a call...i feel a boxing urge coming on
you would think...the 1st time you hear the comment....but those have been made now with careless abandon..everyday...regardless of whether i'm doing good , bad or even breathing
i think i'd make an excellent ski bunny.. . fun , likes the outdoors/being active , loves the water ( i.e . hot tubs ) and can top anyone in the "roaring fire/glass of merlot" department .
that would look great on an application.. . how do you feel you've prepared for a career in foreign service ? i served people from all over the world booze during their ski trips... .
why don't you figure out what the heck you're doing before you try to rope me into something
you watch....20 yrs...i'll still be in the same desk...i'll be larry...stuck
either....the man is one , giant stress ball....lost hair , overweight....just look what i have to look forward to
sometimes fate plays a little bit of a hand.....but for the most part i agree
I was hoping you could email me a list of eligible caterers . Thanks , Susan Scott
em's with the grandparents tonight...so she's out for dinner...said maybe next week . still don't know when i'll be getting out of here .
also...just b/c india may be out doesn't mean the possibility of leaving ceases to exists...remember that
They don't mention India in the 5th paragraph....trying to look on the bright side...: )
what's your extension...it's not in the computer
if you're on the internet , call me when you are off.... . Sue
so...talked to emily last night and here's the deal.. . she left sometime this morning to go to round top for a big antiques fair and will be spending the night in NB tonight... . no one has talked to katy as of yet to see if she's going to austin this weekend or not.... . emily talked to matt and he said he was out for doing anything this weekend , but that next weekend would be good...and i think one of emily's pledge sisters and her boyfriend/his friends may try to meet emily in NB next weekend....so it looks like next weekend in NB is a definite gathering... . as for this weekend....depending on work today , which will suck , i may try to drive to NB tonight and spend the night there...i have a feeling i'm going to be relegated to LOTS of family time on saturday and sunday in austin b/c tons of family/friends are coming to the game this weekend and want to spend time with chris and chuck....therefore , if you want to go to NB as well tonight we could certainly ride up together but i'd check w/ emily about a ride back to h-town b/c there's no telling when i'll get out of there on sunday... . either give me a call later or email me back w/ your thoughts.. . sue
are you going to the game tomorrow night ? i'll be in town...wanted to see what your weekend looks like . emily may be going as well....she'd in town sue
Analyst....as far as I know
sorry i didn't get back to you sooner this week about dinner , but things have been crazy . my brother and wife left yesterday to drive to kentucky and their new base so most of my free time was spent with family... .
Lisa , This article's pretty good and it does mention India in some context , so I thought you might be interested . The India comment is several paragraphs in to the article . Sue
any luck w/ my paycheck
okay , i haven't made a check out yet if you still want to pay this one . i can bring it home tonight....wow on the priya thing , that really stinks... .
Rumor has it you went and got engaged....I'm so excited for you and Brendan... . I'm going to have to give you a call sometime so I can hear all of the details . Still want to come and visit if I can... . Love , Susan
home number: 713-622-2788 cell number: 713-775-6472 tonight would be great...should be home no later than 7pm Houston time mailing address: 3805 W . Alabama #3308 can't wait to chat....there are some really cheap tickets to san diego right now....i'm getting the urge to jet set .
know i'm extremely late on the response...but i'd be thrilled to hit the mucky duck...let me know if there's anything i can do to help out Susan
i sustained injuries from friday night....two minor scratches on my index finger due to the cat , and a sore neck from head banging to limp bizkit....think mo suffered from the neck injury as well....hope your roomie wasn't irritated by the ruckus .
that's amazing....i hit his door at least 10 times w/ Murphy's toy....i'm guessing he'd had a few cocktails too... . btw...shame on your for trying to get me to go in there as a joke....i almost did , until i remembered i'm not in college anymore and this guy works at my company...course that all came to me in a flash as i was turning the door knob . you were doing a little nodding off yourself....that couch was a trap
nice... .
i'm so hurt...you deleted me ? : ( it's: sscott5_2000
joefreid: There is a new MBA guy doing a rotation in Trading , his name is Edmund Gaither...have you met him ? Very large , strong looking guy joefreid: infectious laugh joefreid: I went to Tuck with him TXsscott5: no....do you know what trading group ? joefreid: I'll ask him when i can get him on the phone again . Monique's name was familiar...I think he just started in whatever group he is in TXsscott5: hm....but he's on the gas floor ? joefreid: I think...but not sure , will find out TXsscott5: ok...i can probably track him down... . TXsscott5: mo thinks i was a search dog in a former life joefreid: are you one of those people that can find anything on the internet in less than 2 minutes ? TXsscott5: had a huge debate at work yesterday TXsscott5: is there such a thing as too much water....for consumption purposes TXsscott5: i was battling almost everyone claiming that the law of diminishing returns applies even to good , old-fashioned water joefreid: personally ? or from a macroeconomic sense ( property rights in the West , blah , blah , blah TXsscott5: personally , as in water in-take into the human body TXsscott5: and there is such a thing....and it can cause a condition known as water intoxication.. . TXsscott5: it's so gratifying to be right ; joefreid: yes , I buy into the law of diminishing returns . I've heard of water intoxication and I agree with your assessment joefreid: that doesn't mean you are right joefreid: though TXsscott5: why not ? joefreid: my bad...because you found info on Water Intoxification you are right . I though you were saying b/c i agreed with you , you were right TXsscott5: people were attacking me...saying , "no amount of water can be bad for you" etc . etc . TXsscott5: and i replied , "at some point your body can't process the water...the system has to overload" joefreid: too much of anything is bad for you....way to overpower them with your tremendous intellect TXsscott5: ha TXsscott5: i think i've scared them all know TXsscott5: now joefreid: Cow them into submission TXsscott5: i always do....could be why i've heard the words , "you're intimidating" more than once in my lifetime TXsscott5: oh well....i gotta be me joefreid: not necessarily a bad thing....when used in moderation joefreid: Law of Diminishing Returns again...it is everywhere TXsscott5: ha TXsscott5: so true TXsscott5: seriously though....i may have issues w/ challenges and/or the gauntlet being thrown down....i hate being wrong , but i'd rather be wrong than not know the correct answer joefreid: . ..so as long as you can gain the knowledge you are ok ? joefreid: insatiable intellectual curiosity ? TXsscott5: oh , i'll be a little bitter for a while that i was wrong...but i get over it and then i have the knowledge from there on out...so i come out ahead joefreid: . ..I am the guy that will look out the airplane window and marvel how the "wing" provides lift . The physics of it all and who in the world came up with that ? TXsscott5: that one still gets me TXsscott5: i mean , really....how cool is that TXsscott5: this giant heap of metal....airborne TXsscott5: i took the aviation ground course in college as an elective joefreid: is it and extrapolation of Bernoulli's Principle TXsscott5: ok...engineer talking to business major TXsscott5: heard of the principle...but couldn't define it for you joefreid: i realize the whole greater distance over the top of the wing creates a faster wind velocity above than below the wing and therefore causes a pressure differential ( low above , high below and this "lifts" the wing . But it the newtons of lift is dependent upon the shape of the wing , the airflow over it , etc.. . TXsscott5: ok.....i'm officially impressed....my dad could talk to you for HOURS joefreid: That is why for the longest time , maybe even still today , the wings are the most difficult aspect of the plane to reproduce . Other countries would love for Boeing to outsource the construction of the wing so they could learn how to make it . joefreid: I'm sure your father would shame me TXsscott5: no....i doubt , but it would make for some interesting discussion
Hey Cindy , I went out to the web-site for the 20K to check my official time and I'm not listed anywhere . I have a feeling something could have been confused with my number switch , etc . Do you have any idea who I might contact to get that information ? Thanks , Susan
hey lis... . i'm sorry i was late last night and not in full party mode , i too was in a bit of a mood . anyway , was going to see if you wanted anything special for dinner tonight . i thought maybe i could cook something and that we could do presents etc while watching the ever popular felicity . let me know how your day is looking and if there is anything i can prepare/pick up tonight that strikes your fancy....i'd be happy to grab berry-hill as well if that would hit the spot . sue Happy Birthday again!! !
i can't the weekend of the 10th b/c of a 25K...but maybe the 3rd
Just wanted to say , "thanks gals" for dinner last night . To be honest with you I had had a pretty bad day and the rest of the week hadn't been much better , but I had a really good time last night....I forget sometimes how nice it is to share so many great memories with old friends . Not to get too sappy , but I really treasure our friendships and I'm not sure you all realize how much i depend on you guys . I know it's rarely overt , but I've leaned on the stability and solidness of our friendships on countless occasions and just don't know what I'd do without that safety net to trust in when things are rough . Sue
hey....just an fyi , we talked last night...conversation took less than 5 mins and i think somehow whatever i needed to hear was said , or not said if that makes any sense . anyway , i'm definitely up for a drink tonight as well as shutting this door behind me and keeping an eye open for the next one ahead . . ....the guy actually said that he was "bummed"....that choice of words did wonders for me....i mean , you get bummed they don't make your favorite candy bar anymore or b/c you had a disappointing meal....it's just not enough that someone be "bummed" by the prospect of never being with me again . talk to you later ,
good luck w/ the car shopping!! ! i'm anxious to hear what transpires.. . as for me , i was off last night and maybe if we have some time this weekend i can fill you in on what's happened to me over the course of this week . but the bright spot in the whole thing is that dinner last night reminded me of the person i've been and how far i've come in the last 10 or so years of my life...and i think it gave me the extra shove , push or whatever you want to call it to really end the rotten situation i've been mired in . i don't know that the dinner was to blame completely for my sudden "illness" , b/c a large portion of it may have been psychological...i had an appointment for a final chat last night , and i think i was getting sick just thinking about doing what i had to do...but i did it , on my terms and there weren't any warm fuzzies or expressions of disappointment on my part and i rejected his suggestion of a shift to friendship....so there it is , now it just up to me to "stay sober" so to speak and kick the habit for good . talk to you soon , Sue
look at you...such a hoax spreader...ha anyway , i was so busy yesterday i didn't have a chance to do anything about it anyway . so no harm , no foul . how are you doing ? as for Enron , as you well know our stock's not doing so great these days , but i'm not overly stressed...we are still a sound company and shouldn't have any difficulty rebounding from this to a certain extent....i'm actually thinking about buying in to a greater extent at these levels . can't wait to hear how your preparations are coming along...for the wedding and the move . btw , have you set a firm date yet ? talk to you soon , Susan
I got this a while ago from my dad , but i found it so moving i thought i should share it with all of you .
TOBIN!!!!!......i was deceased , but i have arisen from the ashes....HOW ARE YOU ? I want to hear all about the UK and how you are fairing there . If i can manage , it I'd love to make a trip over there and see your pad , etc . Sorry you never managed to meet up with emily , but she was actually in the US when you emailed and then only back in London for about a week to pack up and head home . So you need to give me a kind of schedule for where you're going to be and when...(i.e . UK vs . US for holidays and what not) . If you have a Messenger account let me know...i'd love to chat "real-time" with you . Susan BTW: I'll be in Portland mid-November for work...if you happen to be home then , I'd love to see you...otherwise , any suggestions would be much welcomed .
Hit really close to home for my particular tribe.... .
figured out what it is that grates on me w/ smith.....he is monumentally patronizing to me....and i REALLY don't like being talked down to or made to feel inferior....if i'm not on my guard , my reactions to this behavior run the risk of being swift and strong... .
just put it in the outgoing mail....should be good to go.. . hope you're feeling better today
didn't want to add minutes to the cell phone bill so i'm emailing....just wanted to make sure you're feeling ok today . talk to you later .
nice
fill me in on your work schedule for the next 2 weeks if you please...checking some stuff out right now....contemplating a visit
Hey Edith , Jennifer wanted me to let you know that she's having a little soiree Friday evening around 7 pm...Very casual , but feel free to bring others . Hopefully we'll see you there , Susan
At her place....I'm not sure of the exact address , but if you need that information I can certainly get it for you .
smith , pallen and others are talking about a ski-trip ASAP....as in leaving this weekend . and smith has recommended visiting you in Deer Valley . just wanted to give you some sort of fore-warning on the matter . chat w/ you later , ps - he has also said he may stay longer...eek !
Hey Holly , Just wanted to drop you a line and let you know how happy I was that we were able to get together for lunch on Saturday . I really enjoyed meeting you and hearing about your experiences in Seattle thus far . Hope all is going well with you and that you continue to enjoy your new home . Susan
hey bonnie!! ! how are you doing ? i just had dinner w/ lisa last night and some of the UT girls here in houston . she's was so excited to hear that we hung out as much as we did last weekend . I wanted to write and thank you again for being such a gracious host...i had the BEST time hanging out and fell in love with Seattle all over again . it is truly a fantastic city . hope all is well with you , and i'm continuing to explore the possibility of joining you and Holly in the Emerald City . have a wonderful holiday season ,
hey emily , was just wondering what you're going to be up to this weekend...found a pretty good deal to boston and was thinking about making a trip to visit....totally last minute thing obviously . if i did it , i'd get in saturday evening and leave either monday or tuesday...drop me a line when you get a chance .
Hi Sarah , So nice to here from you... . I'm actually still employed right now , but don't have a heck of a lot to do around here . We're all in somewhat of a holding pattern , waiting to see what happens with the bankruptcy etc . Hope all is well with you ! I haven't made any real decisions regarding my living situation . My roommate and I have movers coming the weekend before Christmas and as of right now I had just planned on moving back in with the folks...on a temporary basis of course ! Anyway , I'm just not really sure where I'll be 2 or 3 months from now , so I'm obviously reluctant to sign any long term leases etc . If a temporary roommate is something you guys would be interested in I'd certainly like to discuss the prospect w/ you...but I would also completely understand if you'd prefer to get somebody in there who's more permanent . My number at work is 713-853-1455 and home is 713-622-2788... . Talk to you soon , Susan
once , a long time ago , i think you copied some words of wisdom for me from the Importance of Living...if it wasn't you it's not important , because the point is that i recently found them again and reread them today . i think you should read them too , if not for the first time , then again and with fresh eyes... . "the ancient people who desired to have a clear moral harmony in the world would first order their national life; those who desired to order their national life would first regulate their home life; those who desired to regulate their home life would first cultivate their personal lives; those who desired to cultivate their personal lives would first set their hearts right; those who desired to set their hearts right , would first make their wills sincere; those who desired to make their wills sincere would first arrive at understanding; understanding comes from the exploration of knowledge of things . when the knowledge of things in gained , then understanding is reached; when understanding is reached , then the will is sincere; when the will is sincere , then the heart is set right; when the heart is set right , then the personal life is cultivated; when the personal life is cultivated , then the home life is regulated; when the home life is regulated the national life is orderly; and when the national life is orderly , then the world is at peace . from the emperor down to the common man , the cultivation of the personal life is the foundation for all . it is impossible that when the foundation is disorderly , the superstructure can be orderly . there has never been a tree whose trunk is slender and whose top branches are heavy and strong . there is a cause and a sequence in things , and a beginning and end in human affairs . to know the order of precedence is to have the beginning of wisdom." right now i think both of us are at the beginning , i.e . "exploration of knowledge of things"...and i think the "things" in this instance refer to those "things" in the past year which have dumb-founded us each individually . i know you want to get to those heavy and strong top branches ( and i think to a large extent children and caring for your partner in old age represent those branches for you) , but they will not come without the trunk...you can't jump the sequence of things . now is the time for exploration , and i believe you are well on your way in that regard , but above all you must remember that time is the key...and that you can't rush yourself in this processhope the skiing is great and i will talk to you soon .
hey sarah , thanks for the update...i was going to let you know that i'm heading out to my parents tonight to help decorate the Christmas tree , but maybe i can come by one day this week to check out the house . just let me know what day or days would work best for you . thanks again for thinking of me , Susan
I decided to go ahead and come in to the office . You can contact me via this email address or at 713-853-1455 . Thank you , Susan Scott
thought you'd find this interesting.... . chrysalis ( KRIS-uh-lis ) noun , plural chrysalises or chrysalides ( kri-SAL-i-deez ) A pupa of a moth or butterfly , enclosed in a cocoon . [From Latin chrysallis , from Greek.] "The climax of metamorphosis into an adult can be viewed almost daily . Butterflies usually emerge from their chrysalises sometime between 9:30 William Allen , Where Beauty Flutters By , The St . Louis Post-Dispatch ,
thought you might find this interesting... .
Julie , I've been having some difficulty accessing my Hotmail account and therefore have been unable to check for your response to my last email . If you don't mind , could you resend the response to this email account . Look forward to speaking with you again soon . Thank you and Happy New Year , Susan Scott
Hope you had a good New Year!! ! Talk to you soon , Susan
Hey....my phone's not on at the apt anymore...therefore i'm only checking Hotmail at my folks . If you want to reach me quicker , i'd recommend the enron address...i should be back to daily access with hotmail shortly . Hope you had a great New Year!!! !
So.... . I'm doing my post New Year's check to see when and if you want another visitor . As I told you before , I am COMPLETELY flexible in regards to this weekend vs . some other time ( and actually , I'm probably more flexible than just the weekend...things are still dead around here) . You just have to tell me yeah or neah . I feel like you might need to share a good bottle of wine with a good friend and just release . Let me know how your schedule is looking and whether you're up to hosting one more visitor to your fair city .
Ok my dear....you just tell me when a good time is for me to visit and we'll go from there . i got your x-mas present last night . thank you very much , i'm anxious to start reading it . if you do check email today , give me a shout back . we can have an old fashioned email chat . i'm worried about you mo . i've been praying for you , for all that you're struggling with...but i'm stepping it up double time . please don't completely retreat inside yourself right now...that doesn't mean you need to talk to me , but talk to someone . love ,
and mo....i don't need to ski , or be active , or be entertained.. . if you have some time off and you just want a shoulder...i can be on a plane whenever .
Hi Julie , Thanks for resending the message . I shouldn't have too much difficulty arranging travel , but I wanted to run a few things by you first . It seems to me that it would be preferable to fly in Thursday evening , therefore freeing myself up to come in Friday at whatever time of day best suits yourself and the rest of the group . If no one minds , it might even be nice to see some of the activity on the desk during cash trading . Also , I anticipate staying through the weekend to see a bit more of the city and surrounding areas , but plan to cover those expenses myself . If all of this is acceptable to you just let me know and I will begin making all of the necessary reservations . I look forward to seeing you and meeting the rest of the group . If you need to contact me for any reason , my mobile is the most reliable way to reach me...713-775-6472 . Thanks again , Susan Scott
Hey Bonnie , Wanted to wish you a Happy New Year , and let you know that I'm Seattle bound one more time . I have an office visit on the 11th of January so I should be getting in on the 10th and staying through the 13th . Hopefully you're going to be in town and able to do something during that time . Let me know how your schedule is looking . Can't wait to see you again . Who knows , this could be the precursor to an actual move...eek ! See ya , Susan
Hey old married woman....what's up! ? I got your x-mas card...that was too cute . I hope all is well with you and that you had a fantastic New Year . I'm also glad you and Matt liked your wedding gift...I absolutely LOVED that pitcher . I knew I wanted to get that for you the second I saw it , really too cool . ( Didn't hurt that my parents wanted to pitch in on the gift. ) Anyway , I really just wanted to touch base and see how life's been treating you and your new hubby . I had a good Christmas w/ family and an EXTREMELY low key New Year - which was definitely ok w/ me . Hope to see you soon , Susan
just an fyi.. . it's about 4:15 houston time and i'm planning on being at the office for a while ( like maybe a couple more hours)...so , if you wanted to track me down i'd try here first . i'm studying...ha .
I just realized that I hadn't emailed you yet...shame on me . Em and I ( yes , it was just the two of us in NB...oh the shame ) tried to call you on New Year's Eve , but you had already checked out of your room and I assume were staying with Priyah ( I know I butchered that ) whose last name I do not know . Anyway , I did talk to your Mom the day you arrived in Madras and knew you were there safe and sound w/ a new friend too boot ! Hope you're doing okay and starting to adjust to the new surroundings . Email me when you get a chance and let me know all about your trip . Good Luck and talk to you soon , Sue
I'm kind of between places right now , so it's probably best to just send things to my parents house and I would suggest trying to reach me via my cell phone: 713-775-6472 i guess i'll see you at the next tasters!! !
forgot to tell you... . talked to Jennifer Bagwell yesterday and...she and Christian got engaged on the 28th . she's very excited and sounded genuinely happy . just thought i'd fill you in some good news . and , yes , i do think it's a good thing . also , i'm sure tori sent you an email...but , yesterday was her last day w/ ENE . i'm truly thrilled for her too . i think this is going to be a very good thing .
this quote just fell out of one of my spirals... . "The timid and fearful first failures dismay , but the stout heart stays trying by night and by day . He values his failures as lessons that teach the one way to get to the goal he would reach." --- Edgar A . Guest
Ok...my capitalization skills in that last email were horrible...I was checking it before I realized the next click would actually send the message...my apologies .
Hey Lisa...good to hear from you . Hope all is well . I assume you didn't get the other email I sent . No biggie . Just wrote to say Em and I tried to call NY's Eve , but you had already checked out of your room . I guess you were staying with Priyah ( sp? ) at that point . Talk to you soon!!! ! Sue
so obviously i decided against coming up this weekend...ha . on the one hand i thought it be nice to hang out today and have a little distraction before your apt. , but then i thought it might be better for you to have the day to reflect , prep , etc . anyways , just wanted to see how you're doing and since you do have the day off i figured you'd be popping into the cafe at some point . got an email from Lisa...so she is at the school and sounded ok . it was a short mass email . hope to getter a longer one at a later date . talk to you soon ,
i'm a total dork....before my last trip to seattle i sent away for the visitor bureau's tourist packet.. . anyway , i was looking through it this weekend and it turns out i actually have a coupon for the symphony . nothing big , something like 10% off , but i'd just thought i'd let you know . hope you had a great weekend and i'll talk to you soon , Susan btw...i also have coupons for the IMAX and some other attractions .
hey there chickie... . it's about 3:00 Houston time and i'm bored out of my mind at the office...no big shock . i'll be impressed if i make it to 3:30.. . so , i was just going to let you know that i'm probably bolting out of here relatively soon . however , i've found a restaurant that has a little section w/ 2 computers and a couch that i make go crab a cup of coffee at later . my point being that if you email me back today i probably will have a chance to check it . if i don't chat w/ you today , i'm sure we'll touch base at some point tomorrow . and , on that note i hope things go well tomorrow morning . talk to you later ,
hey i'm back at the office now....and if you're going to be back at 3:00 my time i'll just stick around . glad to here things went well . i'm running to the loo , i'll be back in a few minutes if you're still there.. .
ok....i'm back at the desk . just reread your email and realized you're actually working at the cafe tonight...cool . as for the apt. , the first really was bound to be more of a meet-and-greet , lay the groundwork situation so maybe it's just as well is was shorter . next week you'll be able to actually start examining things w/ her a bit more rather than merely establishing a starting point . i was reading a bunch of my "With God All Things are Possible" book last night and there was a passage that just totally hit home with me which referenced Jesus' reaction to a sinner who approached him . "he neither condoned nor condemned the sin , he understood it".....it think this is such an important perspective to gain not only in reacting to those around you but almost more importantly to yourself . ( bear in mind that this is primarily me talk'n to me , but i thought you might take something away from it as well ) like i said , i'm gonna stick around here for a while and then i will , of course , have the cell phone . good luck kick'n the cold . PS - if you need a non-drinking partner at the "annual party" i'm in... .
doubt you're checking this before work...but if you are , i'm still at the office
hey mo....how's it going ? hope you had a good day at work today , mine was boring as usual . just wanted to let you know that i thought i might try to give you a call tonight and fill you in on my plans for seattle . i really feel like i have no idea how this whole thing will pan out , and i'm getting more nervous as friday approaches . oh well , c'est la vie right ? i've been trying to freshen up on things and be a little more on top of my game...but it's tough . i've agreed to be out of my apt . by the end of the day Monday...saves me about $250 , but then the commute starts...yuck!!!!!!!!!!! ! talk to you later , Susan
hey.. . i actually just filled my change of address form out this morning...i figured you'd already done yours . i'm leaving for the airport straight from work tonight and don't get back until sunday night . i can fill it out monday , but if you would like it done before then you may want to try and tap someone else for the job . the reason monday is important is b/c someone wants to rent our place and i've told the complex that i'll be completely out by the end of the day monday . so starting monday night i'm back in northwest houston and w/out a mail key . on the bright side , i'm getting a fair amount of money back from the january rent ( which means we're cool rent wise , i.e . you needn't give me any $ for january) . i do have an interview in seattle tomorrow morning...i'm nervous and excited . i've been studying a bunch for the last week and a half or so to try and prep myself . i think i'm more nervous about not liking the job rather that liking it or not doing well in the interview . also , i'm going to see "kiss me kate" the musical w/ my friend up there so that should be fun . i'm glad to hear that things seem to be going so well for you there , you sound awfully busy . keep us posted on all your many activities . Sue -- i knew you were going to take like a fish to water w/ this thing.....never should've worried so much .
Hi Julie , I just wanted to touch base with you one last time before I arrive in Seattle and make sure that I have the correct time and location for our meeting . As we discussed , I intend to arrive at your offices at 9:00 am Friday morning . To reconfirm , you are located on the 15th floor of the One Bellevue Center Building ( 411 108th Avenue N.E . Bellevue , WA 98004) . I will be staying in downtown Seattle Thursday night and will have my cell phone if you need to reach me for any reason - ( 713 ) 775-6472 . I look forward to meeting and talking with you tomorrow . Susan
Hey Holly , Just wanted to let you know that I'll be back in Seattle this weekend ( tonight - Sunday morn) . Not sure what you're up to , but if our schedules allow it'd be nice to see you again and hang out . I'm staying at the Claremont downtown and will have my cell phone w/ me ( 713 ) 775-6472 . Talk to you soon , Susan
Hey Holly , I wanted to thank you for including Bonnie and myself Saturday night...we both had a great time . It actually meant a lot to me to have such a fun evening w/ almost total strangers , makes the prospect of moving up there a little less daunting . You have a nice group of friends , and I will definitely draw on both yours and their expertise on where to live , etc . should I end up moving . Hopefully I will know some more in a week or so...and when I do I will definitely give you a shout and let you know how things are playing out . Talk to you soon , Susan
we need to chat....didn't know about the other cafe!!! ! that's awesome . can't wait to hear more .
hey mojo.. . sry about the missed call last night...had put my cell on silent mode for dinner and forgot to take it off . hope you had a good night . i really want to talk to you about the last week or so , sounds as if was an eventful one for both of us . i'm really curious to hear how your appointment went today so drop me a line if you get a chance today and we can set up a firm time to have a rap session .
Julie , I just wanted to write and thank you again for affording me the opportunity to visit with you and all the other members of the Puget trading team . It was unfortunate we were unable to meet again before my departure so that I could have expressed the above in person , but email will have to suffice . I very much enjoyed meeting with John , Mark , Dana and yourself , as well as with the other members of the gas and power staff . You have a unique operation and one which appears to have many untapped opportunities that will undoubtedly make your time with the company fairly interesting for the foreseeable future . I wish you the best of luck in your endeavors and look forward to speaking with you again in the future . I went ahead and mailed all of my travel information , including receipts , to Jaquelyn Lewis as see was mentioned as the travel contact in one of your previous emails . If there are any other measures I need to take on that front please let me know . My previous difficulties with my other email service have been resolved . Therefore , all of my future contact will most likely be through that email address . In light of this , I simply ask that you direct any future email correspondence to: Once again thank you , Susan Scott
"Big" performances I'd like to/be willing to see: Dixie Chicks ( 2/12 ) Lyle Lovett and Martina McBride ( 2/18 ) Emmylou Harris , Alison Krauss , Patty Loveless and Nickel Creek ( 2/23 ) Willie Nelson and Lee Ann Womack ( 2/26 ) "Legends of Rodeo Houston in Concert" ( 3/2)....really , how can we miss this one ? George Straight ( 3/3 ) Lesser knowns/has beens at other venues: Statler Brothers ( 1/17,1/18 ) - Galveston Oprea House Kenny Rogers ( 2/2 ) - Arena Theatre
so i'm back at home w/ the folks...i don't see this lasting too long . mom woke me up this morning to see if i needed to get up and start getting ready...JEEZ....she said she'd heard my alarm going off . you know how big i am on the snooze button . anyway , i think we're going to have to have a chat tonight about "boundaries" . Ha . in regards to enron , i still know nothing concrete . hopefully by the end of the week we should now something w/ actual facts and figures . seattle was a really good trip...hoping to know more next week on that as well . talk to you soon , Sue
IT'S BEAUTIFUL WOMAN MONTH & TAG YOU'RE IT ! [IMAGE] Well , it is and that means you and me . I'm supposed to send this to [IMAGE] FIVE BEAUTIFUL WOMEN , and you are one of them!! ! Facts on Figures; There are 3 billion women who don't look like supermodels and only eight who do . Marilyn Monroe wore a size 14.[IMAGE] If Barbie was a real woman , she'd have to walk on all fours due to her proportions . The average woman weighs 144 lb . and wears between a 12-14 . One out of every four college aged women has an eating ! disorder . [IMAGE] The models in the magazines are airbrushed -- not perfect ! A psychological study in 1995 found that three minutes spent looking at a fashion magazine caused 70% of women to feel depressed , guilty , and shameful . Models twenty years ago weighed 8% less than the average woman . [IMAGE] Today they weigh 23% less . [IMAGE] ~Beauty of a Woman~ The beauty of a woman is not in the clothes she wears , The figure she carries , or the way she combs her hair . The beauty of a woman must be seen from her eyes , Because that is the doorway to her heart , The place where love resides . The beauty of a woman Is not in a facial mole , But true beauty in a woman is reflected in her soul . It is the caring that she lovingly gives , The passion that she shows . The beauty of a woman With passing years -- only grows . [IMAGE] An English professor wrote the words , "Woman without her man is nothing," on the blackboard and directed the students to punctuate it correctly . The men wrote: "Woman , without her man , is nothing." The women wrote: "Woman ! Without her , man is nothing." The Images of Mother 4 YEARS OF AGE ~ My Mommy can do anything ! 8 YEARS OF AGE ~ My Mom knows a lot ! A whole lot ! [IMAGE] 12 YEARS OF AGE ~ My Mother doesn't really know quite everything . 14 YEARS OF AGE ~ Naturally , Mother doesn't know that , either . 16 YEARS OF AGE ~ Mother ? She's hopelessly old-fashioned . 18 YEARS OF AGE ~ That old woman ? She's way out of date ! 25 YEARS OF AGE ~ Well , she might know a little bit about it . 35 YEARS OF AGE ~ Before we decide , let's get Mom's opinion . 45 YEARS OF AGE ~ Wonder what Mom would have thought about it ? 65 YEARS OF AGE ~ Wish I could talk it over with Mom . ***Please send this to at least five phenomenal women today in celebration of Women's History Month . If you do , something good will happen... . YOU will boost another woman's self-esteem ! [IMAGE] ------- End of forwarded message -------
don't have much to pass along....i've been looking into some places to stay if i come up . i may run a few of the names by you to see what you think or if you know anything about them . i've got to get out of my house SOON!! ! mom woke me up this morning to see if i "needed to get up and start getting ready"....she'd heard my alarm go off and evidently didn't realize my extensive use of the snooze button . she then followed me out to the car to give me directions on how to drive to work ( i.e . which lanes to use...ha ) even though i'd made it just fine the day before . on the plus side , my meals are being made for me and there is always cheese and crackers . talk to you soon ,
PSWD: temple
hey Ina...couldn't remember if I forwarded this to you or not . pswd: temple
Do you think we could me for a few minutes this morning ? I've got a couple quick questions...I didn't feel like bugging you over the weekend . Sometime before 10 am would be best for me because at 10:00 I'm supposed to attend a meeting regarding the analyst/associate program as it relates to UBS . Thanks
Karen , A meeting on this subject would be beneficial to many making decisions today . Please let me know when and where the meeting will be held if it is in fact organized . Thank you , Susan Scott ext . 31455
Hi Julie , Sorry to be a pest of late . I was hoping you might have an opportunity to talk this morning . There are some deadlines I am facing currently that make it that much more beneficial for me to talk to you sooner rather that later . If you could let me know if there is a time before 10:00 PST that would be a good time to talk I would really appreciate it . Thanks , Susan Scott
Julie , I've been given a bit of a reprieve on the deadline . So , if you could get back to me sometime before this afternoon that would be very helpful . Thanks , Susan
Hi John , I've been trying to get a hold of Julie this morning , but am not certain if she is in the office today . My current situation has become somewhat interesting over the last several days and I was hoping to be able to talk over some things with her . If Julie is in fact out of the office today would you mind if we talked at some point . I'm under some deadlines around here and would be very grateful to have an opportunity to discuss things with Julie or yourself . Thank you , Susan Scott
hey holly , just wanted to see what's going on with you , and to inquire how the long weekend in whistler went...i'm curious to hear how everything played out . also , bonnie wanted to get the name of the guy you knew who's based down in tacoma and went to west point . drop me a line when you get a chance . Susan
Hey.. . so i've given everyone the heads up around here regarding my decision , and surprisingly enough they have been on the whole very supportive . Frank told me this was a "good thing" for me and that he was jealous . And Steve actually said he was proud of me . anyway , it's gone much better than i had expected . still don't know exactly what happens to me now . so we shall see what the next weeks hold in store . i'm still checking into lodging etc . for this weekend/early next week . i can fly in saturday or sunday , but maybe sunday morning would be best . i figure we could touch base and plan the next couple days ( plus , i wouldn't have kept you up all night chatting saturday night so that you're exhausted for work sunday) . then we'd have all day monday and tuesday and i'd probably fly back on wednesday....just a thought , feel free to share you own . drop me a line when you get a chance , SueBob....finally living up the name !
well girls , i didn't end up getting the job with Puget . i was runner up to a guy with more trading experience . he hadn't decided whether or not he was going to accept , which is why they were waiting to get back to me . i called last night due to the decisions i was having to make around here and the VP i met with there subsequently called the guy to get an answer . unfortunately for me , his answer was , "yes" . anyway , while that opportunity is no longer...i have still decided to decline my offer with UBS to join the reformed trading organization down here . on that front , i am still very interested in trying to get up to seattle and was wondering if either of you were familiar with some headhunters . let me know if there are any things in particular you think i should be looking into . thanks guys ,
hey courtney , i'm sorry i didn't reply back to you sooner , but i'm sure you'll understand when i say that things with work have been a bit on the crazy side . i'd like to attend tonight , but have a bit of a scheduling conflict . i was wondering if it would be alright if i showed up between 7:30-8:00 rather than at 7:00 . also , where exactly are the festivities going to be held ? thanks ,
so this was my quote of the day.... . Our chief want is someone who will inspire us to be what we know we could be . -Ralph Waldo Emerson , writer and philosopher ( 1803-1882 ) wow , huh ? anyway , got your email with the articles for wahso...going to read them right now . looks like i may be moving tomorrow , so i'll let you know what the future holds for me when i have a better idea . more importantly , i wanted to tell you how proud i am of you . not only for striking out to park city on your own , but also for making the impression you obviously have on the people with whom you work . it's often hard to see when you are the person in question , but i can tell you from my perspective that the people you work & associate with think very highly of you . and , i'm thrilled that windy ridge vocalized their appreciation of you and your skills...definitely something you deserved to hear . it is a great gift to be a person others have confidence in and want to be around , and those are qualities that you possess without question . driving into work this morning my sister called on the cell phone , said she had a special message for me...then mack and sally got on the phone and they sang happy birthday to me...i'm such a sap i couldn't help but to start tearing-up . after they hung up i took a moment to examine where i am in my life right now , and i'm happy to report that i am pleased . i tried to imagine my emotions had i decided to stay on w/ the group and i don't think my optimism would be nearly so great . my point is this , sometimes not knowing exactly what the future holds frees you to imagine and dream of things you normally wouldn't . so to you i say , the sky is the limit....dream , imagine , explore . we are both going to do great things in and with our lives . but what i think we need to realize is the scale of those things may be smaller ( or even grander ) than we'd imagined...point being , we just need to try and be aware of those opportunities which come along every day that afford us those great moments be they large or small . cheers !
hey lisa... . what's the scoop with tasters tonight....time and location ? i think i'll try to come , even if it's just for a quick drink with the gang . see you soon ,
This whole experience must be too much fun for you...getting to work with all these young pilots ( any of them single? ) and strutting your stuff . The trip to Park City was fantastic . We had some really good meals and managed two solid days of skiing . It dumped 2 feet of snow Sunday night so we had tons of powder on Monday to ski through...and to cushion our falls . Tuesday was absolutely beautiful , sunny but still below freezing . The views from a few of the runs at the top of the mountain were breath-taking . Monique took all the pictures on her digital camera , so as soon as she uploads them I'll be able to check them out and order a few . This is my first day back at work this week and it looks as though they're moving me to another floor pretty soon...too much sensitive information up here I suppose . It's fine though because there are a few others from the trading group who declined the UBS offer and will be housed on the other floor as well , so I will have company . I've got a couple other leads to try and track on the job front...another company in Seattle and one in Richmond , VA that my old trader Larry told me about . I'm still glad I made the decision I did and am excited to see where that choice ultimately leads me . Even Tobin ( from my first group here at Enron ) is trying to help my find something in the Pacific Northwest . I'm really curious to see what he may come up with since his acquaintances run the gamut in terms of interests and occupations . Glad to hear you're having a good time and helping out in the "effort" , and I'll talk to you soon . Love , Subaru
Hi Patty , I apologize for not returning your call sooner , but I was actually out of town until yesterday . If you could drop me an email and let me know what would be the best time call you I would really appreciate it . Thanks , Susan Scott
Pattie , I am definitely still interested in the position and will give you a call today between 11:00 and 11:30 PST . Thanks , Susan
I recently had the following wine at Wahso in Park City , Utah - USA.. . I was wondering if you could tell me of a distributor or retailer from whom the wine might be purchased . I currently reside in Houston , TX but will be making a trip to Seattle , WA in the next couple weeks . Thank you , Susan Scott
Hey Tobin... . I just wanted to make sure you got the last email I sent you....in response to your email below . If it's just taking some time to respond no worries , if you didn't receive it for some reason let me know (  I attempted to answer the various questions posed )  . Cheers , Susan
You are absolutely the BEST Tobin.. . I think I'm flying back up to Seattle next weekend to have a second-round interview with Cascade . However , I must admit I'm intrigued by you and your father's very diverse connections in that area of the country . Hope you are doing well and that Merry Old England is treating you properly . No rush on getting back to me , I just wanted to make sure you received the email and had whatever answers I had to give . BTW....I'm celebrating my first quarter century today ! Quite a milestone in one's life . I have to love that I'm essentially unemployed and living with my parents . Big pat on the back for that one . Ha . Ciao , Susan Question: Do you think you will return to the PNW when you finish with school...we hadn't really talked about your future plans and my curiosity is peaked .
No worries....We can chat tonight . I wanted to talk to you about President's Day weekend anyway , and I need to do some research on that front today . Thanks for thinking of me though ( if it makes you feel any better , I forgot it was my birthday yesterday morning until Mom gave me my present) . Susan
Sorry I missed your call last night...big shock , I was in the bath-tub . Anyways , you can definitely give me a call tonight if you'd like . Talk to you soon , Susan
Emily , Thanks for the birthday wish . I'm still working on a good time to visit , so I'll keep you posted . Hope all is well with you and be sure to say , "hello" to Thomas for me . I'll shoot you an longer email when I get a chance and fill you in on all the fun stuff I've been going through around here . Susan
Hey Bonnie , Ok , first the bad news...I can't come up President's weekend for the Whistler trip . Now the good news , I'm going to be in Seattle next weekend . I'm coming to have a 2nd round interview with Cascade Natural Gas ( whose headquarters is actually right around downtown - looks like maybe Belltown) . Anyway , I fly in Thursday and don't leave until Monday . The interview will be Friday , much like my set-up last time . So , if you're going to be in town we definitely have to get together . I think I'm really going to look for housing on this trip . Maybe that will be the goal for Saturday . Talk to you soon , Susan
hey.. . thanks for the birthday wish . i didn't end up doing anything too terribly exciting . met some friends after work ( the monthly dinner group ) and then went to pappadeux with mom and grandma . I had a kitchen shower/luncheon and a bar shower/party saturday in san antonio . went out friday night with emily till about 2:30 am...perfect NW houston evening , donaraki ( sp? ) and Matthias's , got up saturday morning at 6am then drove to SA , out until about 3am saturday night , then up and in austin by 11am...brunch with corey then off to kathy and travis's , left austin around 7:30 and got home a little after 10pm...needless to say i'm exhausted today . as for the job front....i was 1st runner up for the job with Puget . they ended up offering it to a guy with more trading experience ( go figure , someone with more than 1 yr of experience..ha) , had he turned down the offer i would have been packing my bags but unfortunately for me he accepted . as for ENE , i was offered a position with the new UBS trading organization but decided to decline the offer , i've come to the conclusion that i just need to make a clean break from this place . i'm actually headed to seattle again this thursday to interview with another natural gas company up there . it's a small company ( around 450 ) and the job is for a scheduler not a trader , but i've got a good feeling about the place right now . they strike me as nice people which seems to go a long way these days . so , i'll arrive thursday evening , interview friday and fly back monday...they said they wanted to give me time to explore the city and look for housing etc. , which is nice . if all of this works out it looks as though i could be in seattle as early as march...WOW ! hope all is still going well with you . i've been so happy to get your emails and know that this experience is turning out to be a good one for you . talk to you soon , Sue btw....i got our deposit back from the apartment complex . i'll just write you a check for your half and drop it off at your mom's house .
Hi Suzanne , I wanted to touch base with you regarding accommodations . They last time I came to Seattle I used the following web-site and managed to get a very good deal on my hotel . In the past , I've stayed at both the Westin and Mayflower which seem to be in fairly central locations downtown . I wasn't sure if you would be making the reservations or if you would prefer that I handle that aspect . You can either email me back or call me at the office if you would like to discuss any of this in more detail . My work number is 713-853-1455 . Thank you , Susan Scott
Hey Chris , I was wondering whether you thought it would be better to fly in Thursday evening or Friday morning . Honestly , either option would work for me I just wasn't sure if Chuck would want to sleep in Friday morning since it's his day off . Let me know which one sounds better to you . Susan
hey holly , just wanted to let you know that i'll be in seattle again this weekend . i'm coming up for a second interview with cascade natural gas . i fly in thursday evening and leave monday , so if you're in town we'll have to get together some night . hope all is well and i'll talk to you soon .
hey lisa , i looked in my car and couldn't find your dress , so i'm pretty sure you took it inside your parent's house saturday night...where you put it once inside i have absolutely no idea . good luck tracking it down and thanks again for letting me stay at your folks , i really slept like a log on that bed .
Hey Courtney , I just wanted to make sure you got my membership check last week . If you didn't , or if there's anything else I need to do , please let me know . Thanks , Susan
Mom must be at it again... . career meter: You find out late this week that your suspicions were right on . You've known for some time that a particular person didn't have your best interests at heart , and this week's revelations confirm your suspicions . It may be time to take flight and move in a different , more fulfilling direction . love meter: You feel more sure-footed and in control of your private life by the end of the week , mainly because the uncertainty that has hung over you like shroud finally lifts . It's liberating knowing where you stand . weekly horoscope: For February 4-10: A loved one may make a momentous choice , once Saturn and Mercury move direct . This could happen as early as this weekend , but may take longer . The point is that your life , circumstances , and opportunities are finally able to break from free the ice . Welcome change as the liberating thing it truly is . Don't be afraid . For some time , you've known things were not right -- and something had to give . Be very cautious about who you confide in . At this point , the walls have ears . As you establish a new chapter in your life , play your cards very close to your vest . Thought you might enjoy.... .
sounds like loads of fun at the hillegeist household . i'll give you a buzz later . buck-up little camper...only 7ish months to go until sweet escape . sue
Suzanne , The flights sound great timing-wise and I know exactly where that hotel is located...being within walking distance of Pike's Market is always a bonus . I look forward to the visit as well as the opportunity to finally meet everyone I've spoken with in person . Thanks again , Susan Scott
Hey Mr . Noble , Quick question , are you in H-town this week or hanging out on the west coast ? Susan
Ok...The flight option I've selected on Continental arrives at 5:17 pm Thursday and departs at 12:58 on Monday . I haven't actually purchased the ticket yet , so if you want to get back to me to suggest anything else for some reason please don't hesitate . However , if I haven't heard from you in the next hour or so I'll probably assume that the times are okay and just go ahead with the purchase . Susan
I may take you up on that voucher...I'll touch base with you tomorrow at some point .
I don't know if this will get to you , but I'm on the fourth floor right now...I may stop by to see if you're there .
Was wondering if you'd like a ride home this evening . Also , if Janie would like one she's more than welcome to join .
you tell me...you're the one that is actually working these days . Would you mind mentioning it to Janie as well...I'd hate to not offer ?
that's fine...i can meet you by the elevators for the parking garage
You'd probably better tell me what day works for you....you're the one with the family . I'll give you a call as soon as I can find a phone down here .
yes...the email address is susan_m_scott@hotmail.com
Larry...I don't have a phone near by , could you log on to messenger ?
is that your MSN Messenger contact name ?
try adding me to your list... .
Hey Chance , I'm going to be working on west curve validation...do you have any of the information . Joe Parks told me to contact you . Susan
yes
if you go to "Add"...then click "Search for a contact" and type in my name susan scott , search for the person at microsoft exchange instant messaging...then click next . my name should appear and you can click finish
where are you these days ?
sure....name the spot
Hello Pete , Let me know if this is the correct email address . I was hoping to pick your brain a bit . Thanks , Susan Scott
Hi Pete , Would you mind shooting me back an email to let me know if I have the right address . Brad McKay had actually given me your new work number , but unfortunately you were off the desk when I tried to call a few minutes ago . Not too long after you departed , I too ultimately chose to decline joining UBS and am currently in the midst of researching new opportunities , interviewing , etc . On that front , I was hoping to pick your brain a bit about a few things . Thanks , Susan
Hi Chris , I just wanted to follow up with you and see if you had a chance to look over my resume . I realize I may not be exactly the candidate you had in mind when you first spoke with Larry , but I would very much appreciate the opportunity to speak with you and discuss any opportunities you may have available at this point . As Larry can attest to , I've had responsibilities at Enron that span from back office to trading . To that extent , I believe I could prove to be a valuable asset within any organization . Thank you , Susan Scott
sure....i don't have a phone , hence no message
Thanks Kathy.. . Would you mind letting me know when I have access to the curve validation file in the O:// drive , or if there's anything I need to do to secure those rights . Currently we are actually trying to track down who has the broker quotes . Chance Rabon has said he will do some research and I've contacted some of the traders from the West Desk who were in charge of collecting that information . Susan
Did you happen to save any of the written copies of the quotes ?
Hey Tobin , Just wanted to check and see how you're doing these days . I was offered a job with Cascade Natural Gas in Seattle this past week . The salary is okay and the location is , of course , desirable but I'm just not completely sure about the job . I have a while to make the decision . They wanted an answer today , but I played hard-ball and told them I had to have more time ( so silly , but it's very hard for me to do) . In the meantime , I'm exploring every contact I can come up with . Anyways , you never got back to me and gave me any sort of idea about what your plans are post-school . I'm very curious to know what you're thinking on that front . Drop me a line when you get a chance . Susan
Could you shoot me an email when you get a chance...I was hoping to ask you a few questions about the west curves that Keith Holst was in charge of collecting . Thanks , Susan
Keith....could you make this request ?
Hey Bonnie , I talked to Pattie yesterday and asked her for more time to make a decision . I have basically until the end of the month to get back with them . I'm still trying to check out the other opportunities that might be out there . I spoke to Matt on Tuesday a bit over the computer...things are weird . He said everything was okay , but I don't think that's really the case . He wouldn't respond yesterday . Oh well....c'est la vie . I'll talk to you soon and keep you updated , Susan Btw...that cute place on 4th Ave in Queen Anne was already rented .
hey...how's it going ? sorry i've haven't emailed in so long...things have been busy . btw , matt did decide to take the job with UBS . as for myself , i went back up to seattle last weekend for an interview with the other company i'd talked to up there . they ended up offering the job so i'm in the process of deciding whether or not i want to take it...i have until the end of the month to make up my mind . meanwhile , i'm checking out a bunch of other possibilities and seeing what turns up . living at home has been interesting . mom still insists on waking me up personally in the morning and harassing me at every turn . still , the meals are great and it's kind of nice to be at home right now . i'm flying to tennessee today to visit chuck and chris...i'm very excited to see their house and the area . i'll be there through monday and then work on planning my next trip...ha . also , some other exciting news - kathy and travis are pregnant with their third!! ! babies galore in the scott clan...that is , of course , except for me . talk to you soon , the pictures you took were great...can't wait to see more . take care .
Marion , I apologize for not returning your call last night . I was out to dinner when you rang and by the time I returned home it seemed too late to call back . You should be able to reach me today without any problems . If you would like , you could also just shoot me an email with a time you would prefer to talk and I could phone you . Thanks , Susan
Bonnie....How was the weekend????? ? Very curious to see what you crazy girls did up there in Whistler . So , I wanted to let you know that Puget called me last Friday with another job opening . I'm supposed to talk to the guy today regarding the position . I certainly don't want to get my hopes up...but I'm kind of excited about this being something I could actually like . Hope all is well with you and I'll let you know how my phone call goes today . Talk to you soon , Susan Btw...messengered with Matt yesterday , I guess things are back to "normal" - whatever that is .
Question for you... . which section of Queen Anne did we think seemed better ? Was is the North streets or the West ? And which side of Queen Anne Ave would i want to be on....I can't remember any of this stuff . Thanks !
Hi Pattie , I just wanted to make sure that you had a chance to speak with Justin Fernandez . I thought of him when you mentioned possible candidates for the other open position as he was with our scheduling group and is , I believe , from that area of the country . If you haven't had the opportunity to establish contact with him please let me know and I will be sure to get each of you the other's contact information . Hope all is going well with you and I'll talk to you soon . Thanks , Susan
Hey , The trip to Nashville was good...Chuck and Chris actually live in Clarksville ( which is about 45 mins NW of Nashville) . We went out to dinner in Nashville both Friday and Saturday night , and spent the day walking around downtown on Saturday . Chuck drove me around the Army base and showed me a bit of the area where they live . We also went to this Botanical Garden/Museum called Cheekwood...it's the estate of the Maxwell Coffee fortune . Anyway , it was fun and very relaxing . They're house is really cute and their neighborhood requires at least a 1/3 an acre for each house...so there's lots of land . I haven't made a decision about the Seattle job yet , I actually have until the end of next week to give them my answer . In the meantime I've been talking to some headhunters and checking out any other options that may be out there . At this point there is really no telling where in the U.S . I'm ultimately going to end up...which I personally find kind of fun . We got a total of $350 out of the $400 deposit back ( not too bad) . I just deposited the check so all I need to do is drop off a check for $175 to your Mom...which I will do this weekend . Hope things are still going well there ! Keep me posted , Sue
Here's the new and improved updated version.. .
Charles , I don't believe I received the form you referred to during our phone conversation . If there is something you would like me to fill out , please feel free to forward it to this address . Thanks , Susan
You should check out this website if you haven't already... . lots of fun .
here's the web-site address for the restaurant i think the wine we had was Eberle-Syrah
Chat with friends online , try MSN Messenger: - Energy Risk Management Analyst fundamental analysis.doc
this is becoming somewhat redundant , but thank you . honestly , your endorsement of me with these people means a lot .
Hello ?
You can try this one , but she doesn't get to check it as often... .
have you been getting my emails ? i gave this address to moscoso and he said it didn't work .
Hi Sharon , I just wanted to make sure that you had received the email regarding my availability for the week of March 4th . If you did not , please let me know and I will resend the relevant information . Thanks , Susan Scott
hey julie , sorry i've been MIA of late . i want to play catch-up with you , but i'm afraid i'd wear myself out typing . i was wondering if there was a good time for me to call ( either during the day or after-work) . let me know . hope all is going well . btw - i was wondering if anyone is throwing you a bridesmaid's luncheon the weekend of your wedding ?
Hey Paul.. . If you're on the computer could you log into AOL . I don't have a phone near me to call you on , we need to go over these curves .
Francis Lim Jeremy Wong These individuals may now be with UBS , but they should know who to contact on the estate side .
It's a very mixed web of information and people...it may take a while , but someone knows where all this information lies . Ganapathy is a great information source .
cell number is 713-775-6472 signal is bad in the bldg so if it doesn't come through i'll just call you back .
Hey guys...wanted to see what your availability is for this afternoon . Also , would you mind emailing the two individuals Wei listed and outline for them exactly what information it is you're hoping to locate . Thanks , Susan Scott
Hi Wei , The PWC guys said that 1:30 would be fine . I have also asked them to email Chris and Bjorn with their requests . If it is alright with you , we will plan to meet at your desk at 1:30 . What is your location again ? Thanks , Susan
Jacquelyn....I don't think this was intended for me . Thanks , Susan
Actually , I think the PWC guys will be contacting you to talk about the information they're hoping to locate . I believe we're going to try to meet with Wei Hu this afternoon to discuss primary and secondary curve mapping/tables . Thanks , Susan
What's the deal with the exclamation points Bjorn...you can't be that excited about this meeting .
Looks like this visit to Seattle is going to be a quick trip this time . I fly in Sunday ( yes , this Sunday ) and fly back out after my interview on Monday . Maybe we could grab dinner Sunday night...that is if you're free of course . We could even see what Holly's up to . Talk to you soon , Susan
Thank you Jacquelyn...I look forward to the trip .
Hey Lisa... . I'm probably going to have to head out this evening . I'll call you on your cell phone to let you know if I'll be able to make dinner or not . Can't wait to see you guys . Susan
Hey Holly , Just wanted to let you know that I'm flying in Sunday evening for an interview on Monday . Bonnie and I are talking about going out to dinner , nothing big , and were wondering if you might have any interest . Let me know your thoughts and if I don't here back from you via email I'll just try giving you a buzz this weekend . Hope things are going well . Susan
Sorry Mo....certainly didn't mean to bum you out . I'm a torrent of mixed feelings today . Between job prospects , my cold and coming to grips with some of the past i've just been a little detached from myself . I was also in the midst of a taxing conversation with ted when we were IM'ing and it was bringing back stuff too . I'm just struggling with this pattern of attaching myself to men who are ultimately either literally not available or emotionally not available . and this whole mm not contacting me has got me very conflicted....b/c to be honest , i really hope he never contacts me again...but i also feel like him not contacting implies that he believes there is something wrong with even our casual interaction ( and i'm not disagreeing) , which ultimately makes me feel guilty and rotten . so anyway...i think i just want something to come along that feels good..whether that be a job,a guy,a location , a massage...whatever . i'm just very disappointed with mediocrity . i feel luke warm about too many things . and the partying comment didn't make me think of us reverting...it merely made me think of mm and a past conversation we had at a point i could have maybe kept things from going too far . give me a buzz tonight when you get home...i'll probably feel tons better after a little nourishment .
Craig , In an effort to make sure that I am adequately prepared for my interview , I wanted to touch base with you and confirm that I possess all the necessary information and forms . Last week I received the packet you had mailed containing the application form and company information . Also , I have confirmed my flights , hotel arrangements and the directions to your facilities with Sharon Roberts . I assume all the information needed prior to my arrival is already in my possession , if you know of any additional information I may need please let me know . The last area of interest I am hoping to address is the actual interview schedule . If it is possible at this point in time , I would appreciate the chance to preview the individuals with whom I will be meeting . If the interviews have not been completely arranged as of yet then simply disregard the last request . I look forward to meeting and speaking with you tomorrow . Thank you , Susan Scott
i will see you there....i'll have my cell
Shelly , Thank you for taking care of all the travel arrangements and interviews . I look forward to meeting with yourself and the various other members of the Aquila team tomorrow in Kansas City . The web page links you sent were very informative and certainly gave me a better understanding of Aquila and it's company culture . I also wanted to let you know that I did complete the on-line application you referenced in your last email . If there is anything else you need from me , please don't hesitate to ask . Thanks again , Susan Scott
Kevin , Thank you again for taking the time to meet with me last week . After speaking with everyone Thursday it became obvious to me that there are some real opportunities and room for growth with Cinergy right now . It was also apparent that it is going to take a good deal of hard work and the ability to tackle many variant tasks to achieve those aims . To that end , let me reiterate to you my willingness to take on a host of responsibilities to aid in that process . As I expressed to you at lunch , my goal is to obtain the skills and tools that will make me a consistent and effective trader . I left the offices Thursday with the impression that Cinergy , and those with whom I interviewed , could help me to accomplish those objectives . Good luck with the many tasks ahead and I look forward to speaking with you in the future . Thank you , Susan
Craig , Just wanted to drop you a quick note and thank you again for taking the time to meet with me on Thursday . I know your schedule has been busy of late , but I very much appreciated having the chance to speak with you regarding Cinergy and the Cincinnati area . The types of roles available with the company at present struck me as both exciting and promising opportunities . Good luck in the continued efforts to move the company in the desired direction and I look forward to speaking with you in the future . Thanks , Susan
Just got to work...I know , it's ridiculous . Anyway , just let me know if you can break for lunch...if so I can meet you in your building and we can hit the food court . Lunch can easily be accomplished in 30 mins if you're crunched for time . sue
hey denver , let me know if this email reaches you . i was trying to figure out your yahoo messenger name .
sounds good...i'll just hit the cafeteria here...good luck w/ the typing .
btw....how's the rash ?
i've lost my link to NYMEXINFO.COM
mine's still plugging away
i'm so bored it's painful
what's the deal w/ post work activities ?
Hi Herb , Tim Bowler had actually given me your name and email address a little while back and thought it would be a good idea for me to drop you a line . I have been working with Tim for a couple weeks at Enron and , upon learning that I was in the midst of job hunting , he suggested I contact you . For the last year I served as an assistant trader on the West Natural Gas Desk ( Wholesale) . For various reasons I chose to decline an offer in February with the newly formed UBSW Energy and am currently still working for Enron . I'm attaching a copy of my resume to give you a better idea of my background and experience . If you know of any opportunities that seem like possible "good fits" I would very much appreciate hearing about them . Thank you , Susan Scott
are you anti-MSN....because that one works pretty consistently
gotcha...hey , who do you know at j . aron ?
thx....i just email/sent my resume to someone there....a PWC guy's friend
susan_m_scott@hotmail.com is the email address....then the name is simply Susan
what's going on ?
think it went well...they're starting the biz from scratch kinda so a lot is undefined at this point...could be a really good opportunity
Hi Joe , Just wanted to introduce myself and let you know that I received my offer information from Jeff Rogers . Since we didn't have a chance to meet and talk when I was in Kansas City last week , I was hoping at some point we might be able to discuss the responsibilities you envision for me within your group . Please let me know when would be a good time for us to speak . Thanks , Susan Scott
it was good....i'm actually heading out right now . call me later .
got in at 10....just read the article....i agree whole-heartedly , which is why i declined w/ Cascade up in Seattle...totally identified w/ his comment about being depressed before even start the job .
hey....do you think you could escape for 30 mins...even 20...and if so , when ? i thought i'd hit the cafateria in allen center for lunch
hello ?
hey...just got back from a late lunch
call me if you get a chance 713-853-1455
Barnaby's: Backstreet Cafe: Mark's:
Hey Lis... . As always it's good to hear from you . I've been meaning to write and ask what you think of the food there ( although , obviously you are surviving) . Please tell Priya , "Congratulations!!!!" for me...that is awesome . I was actually looking into that program the other day , so on a selfish note I'm really curious to see what she thinks of the school , etc . I think it'd be awesome to work in D.C . ( or Boston or Northern California for that matter) . You should definitely keep rolling with the momentum you've got going right now...run with it ! And , good luck trying to arrange the trip w/ Niclas . If you do manage to go...just have fun ( it doesn't have to be "it" , it can just be fun) . I have an offer in KC right now , should be getting the formal offer from Cincinnati next week and still waiting to hear from Chicago . So things are definitely happening . I'm just struggling with this decision a bit and have a real tug to head to France or Switzerland for 6 months to become fluent in French ( you think I'm kidding , but I've really been checking this stuff out) . Part of the reason for my seemingly flaky turn is because of a recent sad event . Chris went into premature labor on Tuesday ( she was about 6 mos along ) and the baby didn't make it . She had a heart beat when she was born , but it was very weak . They tried to resuscitate her but after about 15 minutes Chuck and Chris told the doctors to let her go . Her name was Kelly Elizabeth Scott . My Mom and Chris's Mom flew out to TN on Tuesday and my Dad went out there Wednesday...they are managing , but it's been really tough . Chris is fine health-wise which we are all very thankful for , but everyone is really just trying to come to grips with why this happened . So say a little prayer for them if you can . I miss you too ( you were actually in my dream last night ) and really hope you're enjoying yourself . Take care and I'll talk to you soon . Sue
Hi Jose , I just wanted to check in and see how you are doing these days , and more importantly where you are ? I'm still at Enron right now working for the "estate" . I've been interviewing and have a few offers , but am not completely sure what I will be doing . Hope all is well with you and I'd love to hear what is going on in your life . Susan
ha...this bites
ha...why not
the most up-to-date , informative site available ; )
