Is there a reason we think we will need to run station 8 . I think with the volumes we will have to move to insure 6 miles and hour for the smart pig will be approx . 100 to 200 m2 . If my thinking is wrong please let me know . DS
Projected flows DS
You are correct looking at the models Ken Chow ran before he left was between 175 to 225 this will allow the pig to move approx . between 5 to 6 miles an hour . DS
Projected flows for Griffith .
Right now it looks like we can run station 9 , station 7 , station 6 or station 5 . We will just have to see what we have scheduled for the day . This will allow us to set our HP accordingly . Unless I'm missing something Station 8 should not be needed . However I will check with OPS team to reverify volumes . DS
Please see the attached
This is TW pressure at the inlet of the Griffith I/C .
This is interesting news . Thought you might want to know . I sent him pressures on TW side for the month of may per his request .
Mom , hey what are you up to nothing much here man today i had to mow the lawn man its really hot down here is it really hot there . ...................i still dont have a sun tan yet but its getting there u know............. . man i miss u so much and i mean hah i dought you miss me u are probably haveing to much fun to even think about me............. . >= ) thats ok im haveing alot of fun here too . ............man i cant wait till i come home i miss u so much..................umm i really dontknow what else to say so i mean i guess iwill talk to you l8er or sometin i have to go get ready to go to the mall and get somemore clothes and a new bathing suit and shorts and shoes so i will talk to you l8er love ya byebye............ . <3 Kara
FYI DS
FYI We had to pull unit 2 from Plant held for future use at P-3 on the below date . DS
Lindy , You are correct they are physical plant receipt points . The Pecos Diamond plant is the straddle plant located on the Atoka Lateral . Thanks DS
Please read I'm sure you will be getting some calls . DS
i will be there
What is the time frame these units need to be down . There are no postings for volume deductions . Please someone give me some ideas . Thanks Ds
Ken , We currently have a unit down at Station 4 . If you need to work on something now is the time to do it and not wait until June . DS
I need to get with Dave Duff and have him add the new point to the map . Dave can you do this for us . This new point will need to be inserted under the Mapco point on the Ignacio to Blanco column . DS
I will be on vacation . DS
We need know everyday units need to be taken down and for how long . Depending on system conditions we may have to allocate . DS
How long will the unit be down 4 hrs , 8hrs , 12hrs , or all day or longer . DS
Spoke to Lynn Blair , Kim Watson , Cynthia Rivers , Linda Ward , and Terry Kowalke , we would like to hold the same scheduled numbers on ID/2 from San Juan Lateral as we had scheduled for ID/1 from San Juan Lateral . We think this will help us minimize our Operator and Shipper imbalances . Please let us know if we start getting complaints from our customers . If anyone has other ideas or comments please let us know . Example: Non-Grid-- San Juan Scheduled 870,000 ( we will have to do the right mouse click and update the capacity to the flow rate needed. )
I'm sorry tomorrow afternoon is not available for me . I have a ortho . appt . and I get my braces off . On Thursday afternoon I have to back for my retainers . Can we meet sometime in the morning . DS
This is a new interconnect into the suction side of WT-1 . I think the capacity is going to be approximately 50,000 mmbtu . This may be able to flow sometime this or next . DS
I would like to attend . DS Alma Carrillo
For Gas Day June 10 . Flow Nom .
Due to the flooding in Houston there will be no representative available to attend from Gas Control . DS
These are pictures of the underground tunnel system .
Dave can you please add the new La Plata Red Cedar point to the map . Please add it between Mapco and Red Cedar points . Also please check to see if the Rio Puerco receipt and delivery are added into the totals of the Central Area . If they are in the total please exclude them . Rio Puerco is a stand alone point . Rio Puerco should still be added into the total Transport Receipt and Delivery . If you have questions please call . Thanks Ds
I spoke to the guys in the field last week when our deliveries went up and we made the decision to run the pigs . It was passed on to us that the fluids in the line were heavies that were in the gas streams possibly coming from the Bitter Lakes and Red Bluff points . I had them pull moisture readings and they were well below TW's #7 of water . They said it was more like drip . This heavies are in the gas stream that is falling out and collecting in the pipe . I agree that we need to run pigs when we have the volumes . We in gas control will continue to work with the field to make that happen . If I have the wrong impression on what is happening I apologize . Please let me know . Thanks DS
Gary Gary Spaggins and I have a presentation that we have to give to Stan . We cannot attend , Steve January is on vac . There is no one else from our group .
Beginning today June 14 , 2001 We need to operate the Interconnect points between Transwestern and Northern just like we do all others . We have orders everyday and we need to balance unless both pipes have agreed to work on the imbalances . When Transwestern or Northern get into operational constraints we need to work with all the Interconnect customers . If customers are not in the position to help and we have to go out of balance on Transwestern or Northern for operational constraints , please leave myself , Gary or Steve and E:mail or telephone message of all volumes , and why's . We will need to be able to address them in the morning meeting . If you have any questions please feel free to ask . DS
Right now I can plan on being there .
We need to be able to monitor everything there is to see just as we would monitor a TW on NNG interconnect . Along with the below mentioned items from Ben , we also need All Accums , ( previous and current mmbtu and mmcf) , All Flows both MMbtu and MMcf . on all runs , 2" rotary , 4" turbine meter , 10" ultra-sonic . All available History info. . This information request is for monitoring TW and El Paso at the Griffith Site . Gary , Steve , Dale please review and if you think we need anything else , now is the time to speak up . We need as much information as possible to insure a smooth transition for gas control . From what TW is hearing we could take over the operation sometime next week . Dale once we have the additional requests , will you foward them to Ben or would you like me to . I will be glad to help . DS
Thanks DS
Gary Spraggins , Steve January or myself will not be able to participate on the call . We have a presentation to give to Stan Horton from 9:00 to 11:00 . DS and GS
I can be available at 2:00 pm . Let me know . DS
right now I will be available and very glad to help . Just give me a call when you are ready and I can meet you in the lobby on 42 . Thanks DS ext . 34299
I will be there . DS
1 . On your first request for down time next week . You may have an opportunity this weekend 23 , or 24 depending on the volumes . We can communicate this to your Team Friday afternoon . We can not committ to next week at this time . 2 . Your best opportunity to pull your ESD is going to be on a weekend or weekday when or flows are down to the border . We can check every day and let you know when this may be possible . At this time we cannot committ to your outage requests . Thanks DS We will stay in touch .
Until you hear from myself or Gary , we cannot schedule gas at El Paso Windowrock . Pressures do not work . DS
I had to wait to get back to you this morning , sorry I will not be able to be there . I need to leave at 2:00 pm today to take my daughter to the dentist .
this is a test . DS
this a test
looks good to me . Thanks DS
I agree with lindy that non-physical points be excluded . DS
I'm free at 2:00 today . Let me know
This is your contact list for our contract to monitor the Griffith site on behalf of Citizens . They will be down loading programs monday July , 2 for us to see in gas control . More info to follow .
Just let me know when you get to 42 .
I will keep gas control informed on this outage .
Why are we doing a hot tap ? Is this a new I/C ? If so is it a receipt or delivery . Seems like gas control doesn't know anything about it . Thanks ds
I plan on being in both days let me know what works best for you . DS
When PG&E does a re-alignment on the weekend , please contact the TW logistics person and let them know so it can get scheduled . On a second note: When PG&E requests to swap volumes to Socal the actual flow has to take place at the Topock points only . They cannot take it to Needles . If you have any questions please call . DS
Thanks for the info . DS
This is the error I got when trying to update capacity . This was done in model office .
The capacity is set at 58000 mmbtu/d . Please allocate with the points if it still shows up after we allocate the West of Thoreau group . If you have any questions please ask . DS
Sorry I'm already committed to another meeting . DS
I can play the 9:00 game and may be able to stay for the 11:00 .
When I go to the site it ask for login and password , I used my corp login and password and it did not work . I could not look at the site . any suggestions .
The group numbers are right . Can I make a suggestion , instead of alphabetical order list them 1 -- 33 . Let me know .
I have a meeting . Sorry
Please set up the following deliverys as a receipt displacement . poi 78113 Calpine power plant 78069 Griffith 500134 Citizens Flagstaff If you have any questions please call DS
These are expected volumes they are still in the test phase . The operations contract that will permit TW to operate the facility as of today has not been signed by Citizens . Until further notice Citizens will still operate . Thanks DS
Revised volumes to Griffith , they will be down for Friday and looks like they will come on sometime early Saturday . DS
Station 9 will be unavailable until Monday afternoon , July 23rd . The recycle valve is leaking gas and a new valve is being shipped from Houston . If you need a station you have to cycle station 8 . DS
Station 9 has been repaired and ready for service as of July 20th . DS
Tuesday or Wednesday works for me . DS
Citizens is going to sign the agency and operating agreement today . TW will be taking over the operations and monitoring the Griffith plant on Citizens behalf . We will be monitoring the alarms at the plant and you have a call out sheet for Citizens personnel . We also will be responsible for the operations at the plant . Currently in Scada we have Griffith Power Plant El Paso and Griffith Power Plant TW . Please get familiar with the points and how set points will need to be sent . To change El Paso , the set point will be at 1 . TW will be at 2 . When you send flow set points of 140,000 that will automatically convert to pressure control . Set points less than 140,000 will stay on flow control . We will have to experiment with set points when we have orders on TW and El Paso . Currently we have orders just off of TW . 1 . Currently El Paso is set on 140,000 flow which will control on pressure and TW flow set point is at 120,000 . this is on flow control . 2 . When we have a flow order from El Paso we may want to set them on flow control and TW on pressure . We will just have to experiment with the best operation . 3 . Remember the above mentioned is at the plant and not at the TW Mainline I/C . We are working with Citizens to be able to see El Paso Mainline I/C.(El Paso will be responsible for the Mainline I/C and setpoints. ) I put a copy of the agreement in everyone's inbox for your review . If you have questions we can get with Craig Lipke with Citizens and ask for their help . Last conversation with him was we would just have to operate and see which scenario best fits the situation . In other words they really don't know which is the best way to operate . Thanks DS
This is the E:mail we received about the Ivanhoe dehy maintenance . Will you please respond . Thanks DS
I will be there . Gary Spraggins needs to be invited . DS
Below attached is the TW summary report we have been working on for the past several months . I will be glad to explain the details . DS
FYI DS
The attached will be the operating situations that we will cover . David if you see anything that we need to revise before , please call . DS
Dale will call you this afternoon . DS
I will be out of the office next week on vacation . Monday July 30 out Tuesday in Wednesday out Thursday out Friday out I will be packing and beginning to move into our new house if you have any questions just page and I will get back with you or voice mail or E:mail . Thanks DS
When doing allocation process and we allocate points or groups on the Timely , Evening , or Non-Grid . We allocate with the capacities that are loaded from CAS . When allocating points or groups that have not previously been allocated on any of the previous cycles during ID-1 or ID-2 we need to use the flow rate calculation . Example : Allocations are as follows The only point to be exempt from this method should be Socal Needles because of their window issue Timely: M/L Thoreau West System 1093.000 ( capacity ) I/B Link 700.000 ( capacity ) Socal Needles 775.000 ( Window ) Evening: Same sequence Non-Grid: Same sequence ID-1or ID-2: Same sequence shows up to be allocated . Since they were previously allocated on the earlier cycles we do not need to right mouse click and calculate flow and update capacity based on flow rate . The only time we should have to calculate flow rate is when there is a new point or group shows up that has not been previously allocated . The reason for the change is we have recieved more FERC data requests on capacities and scheduled volumes . lets try this for a while and see how it is working .
I will be here Tuesday only this week . Tuesday works for me .
We will need to start operating the Griffith plant TW and El Paso points . Refer to the previous memo that was sent suggesting the operations . DS
When operational capacity changes during any cycle the below comments will need to inserted into the point or group comment section in CAS . 2 . Low line pack inventory 3 . I/C or plant non performance 4 . High line pack inventory 5 . Compression status 6 . Other *During normal business hours except for Evening and ID-2 , Myself , Gary , Steve , Terry , or John should be responsible for loading comments into CAS unless the Reps . have been given the directive to update comments . *Weekends , and Holidays , Reps . will be loading comments into CAS . *When new points or groups show up to be allocated that have not previously been allocated , you will need to page me or in my absence Gary , Steve . We will let you know what to do with the capacity either update or allocate . If you have any questions please call me or page . Thanks DS
Please foward to you team the attached . please include Sheila DS
I will be attending this Team building session on Wednesday August 8 . DS
I will be going to this . DS
The below has been posted to the NNG Web-site .
Revised schedule .
Revised for Calpine
At this time I see no problems . DS
Arnie or Walt can either one of you set up conference call tomorrow with all the above mentioned and discuss Thursdays P-2 to P-3 pig run . Please let us know . Thanks ds
I will be out next week . DS
This is for smart pig runs . I have already let PNM know that Rio Puerco will not be able to flow to TW for the Thanks DS
The attached was posted to the TW Web Site .
The below posting was taken off the TW Web Site this morning . We are currently running flow studies and TW commercial team is discussing the economics . We will repost as soon as possible . DS
I will not be able to attend . Thanks for the invite . DS
The below was revised and posted to the TW Internet Site . DS
They have a rep . flying in tonight to help evaluate the situation . It has something to do with the variable speed on the unit . They can start it but can't keep it running and speed up . DS
The below attached has been reposted to the TW Web Site .
We need to make sure that when we have any issues concerning the Griffith plant we put something on the log . It has been brought to our attention that we had a problem on Aug . 6th and Aug . 14th and there is nothing in the logs about anything . I was here on the 6th and know they almost ran themselves out of gas because they started pulling more than our setpoint and did not call to let us know . If anyone can recall what took place on the 14th please drop me and e:mail . Citizens is trying to gather information on these days based on complaints from Griffith plant . Thanks DS
Will come and talk to you tomorrow and we might need to pull in Ron Matthews and David Roensch for their expertise . DS
I will let you know any updates . We will be allocating until further notice . San Juan: 800,000 Thoreau West 1010,000 DS
The attached has been posted .
Tim looks good to John and I . Thanks for you help .
This is all we know for now .
Do you want to be on the call , if so can we use your office .
The pressure regulator has been taken out of service at the TW Griffith I/C on the mainline . This is to hopefully minimize the pressure swings to the plant . David if you have any other comments please respond with your ideas . Thanks DS
I'm sorry I have a previous meeting scheduled . DS
Dannis Bellard is transitioning into the MOPS system and he needs to be there . I will be there if you need me to . DS
The measurement tech should be back this week and looking at that point . They control the flow . Will let you know asap . as I find something out . DS
Thursday will work best for me .
can do . DS
Can we use a summation meter for the POI 500168 Westar Ward County Meter # 9089 and Meter # 10187 We can make this a bi-directional point in our system . This will make it transparent to our customers . Thanks DS
I will not be able to attend NNG is having their customer meeting in KC . Steve J . or Gary S . will not be here to handle NNG . Therefore I have to be here for both pipes . Thanks DS
How does 9:00 work for everyone . This is a very critical topic and needs to be discussed asap . DS
I would be glad to play . However I am not a scratch golfer anymore . My handicap is at 15 now that I don't play as much . If you still want me to play let me know . Thanks for the invite . DS
POI 500168 has been changed in CAS to 200,000 both receipt and delivery . DS
Rich , You did mean September 4th instead of October I hope . I know your doing this to see if anyone really reads your e:mails . DS
I just figured this was a new way to test us . DS
TEST
After talking with Ken and our Gas Control it appears we had and operater error , a setpoint was put in at the TW mainline . The problem was corrected and the plant pressure came back . We think with an open line of communications between the plant and gas control we hope to minimize the mistakes . If any other concerns please call . Thanks DS 713-853-4299
We need to keep our communications open to the plant . I know that during their test mode they have had a variance in load projections . Hopefully when they become operational their loads will be more steady . Ken , Sorry about yesterday . Thanks to your quick responce to our gas control so we could correct the problem before the plant went down . If you have any more questions please call . Thanks DS 713-853-4299
They had a 35,000 order and Kieth put the setpoint in at the mainline . They sent a schedule for what they intended to pull hourly and he didn't look at it . I got with him yesterday and explained how the spread sheet works they send us and how to figure the hourly takes for a 24 hr period . Guess I should'nt assume they know to do that . I will take the to do to get with each gas controller again and explain how Griffith works both at the power plant controls and the mainline . DS
I don't know that for a fact . I assumed since they do the same thing for the lamar power plant they should know to do the same for Griffith and Calpine , that is why we send those daily schedules . DS
This is fyi . We need to be more careful on this point and refer to the schedule they send us . Please if you have any questions call . DS
FYI
Mike can you and Danny get with either Gary or myself to get access to change capacities for the MOPS system in NNG Contract Management System . ( CAS ) We will show you where and how to do that . You will also need to post outages to the NNG Web Site . Thanks DS
This is what Ken sent for gas consumption during the pressure loss .
This is the schedule that was sent to gas control .
Was on a conference call with Keith ( TW gas control ) and Ken Gruel ( Griffith plant ) Monday morning ( September 3 ) concerning pressure drop at the Griffith plant . It was discovered that the TW mainline setpoint had been changed to reflect the new order of 35,000 for the day . The plant sent TW a schedule of hourly burns for the day . They had intended to take their 24hr rate with-in 12 to 14hrs . Asked Keith to raise the TW mainline setpoint to approximately After speaking with Keith off line and asked him to open the spead sheet from Ken on their takes asked him to figure the hourly take for the 24 hrs . He said that he made a mistake and didn't look at it . The Griffith plant has been on line since sometime in April and this should not be anything new to the gas controllers . Asked Keith to call Ken back with Griffith and make sure they had Gas controls E:mail address and or fax number to send any revisions . Thanks DS
Ken this was forwarded to Gas Control . Please add Gas Control to your E:mail distribution list . DS
Please send a test page to the Gas Control address as I am on it . Thanks DS
It's the same as the name , but with no spaces . Please send us a test case . Thanks DS
This has been forwarded to the Gas Controllers . Gas controls E:mail address no spaces
see the attached
[Schoolcraft , Darrell] This is pretty cool . This is just how I remember it . Please show this to Kara . I bet Mom can remember back . Subject: Re: "Remember"
SEE attached
Contact the plant and see if they will come up to the scheduled burns for the hours . DS
Looks good to me . We need to get with Jan to see what TW fuel is valued so if we go sell it we don't take a hit on price . DS
Citizens Griffith Az . I/C ( Mainline Takeoff)(GRIF ) The lo pressure alarm on the analog page for the downstream pressure going to the Griffith plant from TW's mainline has been reset at 800# . The lo lo pressure alarm is set at 750# . Reason: This should give you time to react to possible low pressure concerns in the 3 to 4 miles of pipe from mainline to Griffith plant and hopefully prevent any plant upsets . This is for our protection . You may need to raise the setpoint . For call outs for alarms TW operations is responsible . If anyone does not agree with this please let me know and we can discuss . Griffith Power Plt . El Paso and TW ( CITZ ) We monitor these two sites as EMAR for Citizens . Remember anytime you receive alarms on these points you refer to the call out list for Citizens . If you have questions please refer to the handout you received or call me . The plant is currently down and planning on coming on line and commercial Tuesday September 11 . There are still some questions on which is the better way to set the site for flows . Let me know what you think of setting TW on pressure control and El Paso on flow control . Reason: TW pressure is higher and with El Paso on flow control this will allow TW to take the swing when Griffith has orders from both pipelines . Let me know of your experience with this and let's discuss and write up some guidelines for us to follow . Thanks DS
Check with the plant .
We need to watch this real close . We are scheduled for a conference call with Griffith and Citizens and El Paso . They want to discuss operational scenarios . Jesse I will let you know when and where so you can listen and add your view points from a gas control perspective . Thanks DS
The gas temp that gas control see's leaving Roswell ( station 9 ) is running between 85 to 95 degrees . Please if I'm looking at this wrong please correct me . Thanks DS
next week will be fine . Let me know . DS
What seems to be the problem with start up . When you do will you be in more test phases or commercial . DS
Sounds like to me they will still be swinging and still in the test mode . TW will work with Griffith as we can . DS
Sounds like you will still be in your test mode and need to swing . TW will work with you as well as our system will allow . DS
Subject: Tribute to Victims & Family Make sure your sound is up .
I will be in a meeting with BP Amoco from 12 to 2 . Can we do this at 2 pm . Thanks DS
I will be attending . DS
That will be fine . DS
Check with Griffith this morning . DS
I will do that . Thanks DS
I will be attending . DS
Gas controllers on duty were Gayle Henley and Bart Mondon . They both did a great job . Thanks DS
Gas Day September 23 , 2001 Gallup Compressor Station will be doing run testing . Capacity for San Juan will stay at Gas Day September 24 , 2001 Gallup Compressor Station at full load . Capacity for San Juan will increase to 850,000 mmbtu/d . and Mainline Thoreau West System will increase from 1010,000 to Posted to the Transwestern Web Site to the customers Sunday Morning September 23 , 2001
This is the tournament that I've been asked to play in . I will be out of the office . DS
I will be there . DS
Please read all the below comments . You may get the call . If you need all the units to run tell them to run all the units . Let me know by voice mail or e:mail if this happens . Thanks DS
Just in case you receive a call from either JB or David . They were called yesterday and I spoke with Neal and let them know they were going short again after we cleaned up their current imbalance over last weekend and Monday . They were short for Wednesday's gas day . My conversation was with Neal that they make adjustments to their nominated volumes or turn on more gas . It does not appear they did either one . I will call them this morning and let them know that they have until ID-1 to turn on more gas or cut their noms or TW will be cutting their market for ID-1 . Maybe this is a good opportunity to discuss park and ride again . TW covered 7,000 mmbtu/d of Markets according to the scada numbers that we see . Let me know if you agree . Thanks Ds
This will be for approximately 8 hrs .
Jeff will be calling you before they do anything .
FYI
Right now guys we will do our best to keep the station on line however we can't predict what flows will be . If we don't have the volumes we can't do it . The gas prices so far for Oct . look higher going to Cal . border . We will have to see if we have the volumes next week to run the pigs . Sure would have been nice to have run pigs this week everyone could see that flows were up and we should have taken advantage of this . Again , we will take a look at all scenario's next week . Thanks DS
Subject: FW: I need a favour
Please see the attached .
I'm afraid its true its true . Thanks for the laugh ! on a more serious note fyi these meters are supposed to be tested every 5 yrs . and they have never been tested or cleaned . That scares me a bit . Things just might not go back to- gether like it came aprart , but we shall seeeeeeeeee.... . DS
I certainly agree . This should be fine . Let me know . DS
no . Let me try and catch up with Rich.' DS
Gas Control Members . I have not been able to verify if these gas controllers will come . However here is the list . I will check with them as they are on and let you know . Helen Cummings Rob Munson Jesse Alvarado Jeff Moore Gayle Henley Bart Mondon Thanks DS
The attached is the most recent list of operators and numbers . Please foward to your Team .
I did not send one first thing this morning , however I did give the map to Michelle in the morning . I told her I did not fax one down this morning . Sorry Steve didn't get his copy seems I can't win either way . He will get one from someone . DS
I do thank you for everything you do for the Logistics team . We will get you what you need in a more timely manner . Today I was running at a fast pace with TW , NNG , systems . Again thank you . DS
Socal Window ( Actual ) ( Projected ) Saturday 688 Sunday 709 Monday 728 California Del . Saturday 947 Sunday 960 Monday 964 San Juan Del . Saturday 870 Sunday 871 Monday 874 East Del . Saturday 430 Sunday 445 Monday 351 No major problems for the weekend . Temps . Saturday 39 Sunday 43 Monday 53 System Load Saturday 1959 Sunday 1800 Monday 1675 Line Pack Saturday 3318 Sunday 3400 Monday 3400 No major problems for the weekend .
There is volume flowing to the plant . The team is trying to get the Scada back in service . Will keep you updated . Thanks DS
yes we control the flow into TW .
Socal Window ( Scheduled ) California Del . Friday 933 Saturday 936 Sunday 921 Monday 954 San Juan Del . Friday 872 Saturday 864 Sunday 852 Monday 882 East Del . Friday 583 Saturday 548 Sunday 570 Monday 562 No major problems for the weekend . Temps . ( Actual ) ( Projected ) ( Normal ) Saturday 49 Sunday 42 Monday 38 System Load Friday 1682 Saturday 1737 Sunday 1900 Monday 2150 Line Pack Friday 3492 Saturday 3318 Sunday 3410 Monday 3410 No major problems for the weekend .
Please see the attached . If you have questions please call . DS
good job ! Thanks DS
According to the imbalance sheets we continue to over deliver to the two above mentioned I/C's . We need to short them 3000 a day . Please build this into your plans . Thanks DS
When we slow Gallup down or take it down to avoid the electric peaks , please log it . This will help the field to keep track of the days and give Rich Jolly and David Roensch ( Tiny ) the information they may need to answer questions . Your help in this matter will be greatly appreciated . Thanks DS
I will be on vacation Friday Oct . 19 . I can be reached at home if anyone needs something . DS
You may call me at home or page if you need to . DS
Ron we will need to be on the first flight out Monday morning in order to attend the PNM meeting Rick wants us to attend . DS
The itinerary looks good to me . Thanks DS
The attached was posted to the Transwestern's Web Site . Kim would you distribute to your group . Thanks DS
Monday Oct . 29 Gas Day . Oasis will be needing to reduce flows in the early morning hours on Tuesday for approximately 12 to 18 hrs . I will call Oasis on Monday morning to see if they can handle higher deliveries for the first part of the gas day . DS
Beginning November 1 , 2001 Transwestern and Lonestar Gas Controls will no longer be able to use both points to balance . We will need to flow the gas where it is scheduled until further notice . If any questions please call Thanks DS
Oct . 26 Scheduled California 864 San Juan 874 East 582 Oct . 27 California 815 San Juan 834 East 635 Oct . 28 California 836 San Juan 855 East 632 Oct . 29 California 819 San Juan 838 East 638
Thanks for the updates . If you have any more customer calls please send them to me if you need to . Thanks DS
This came out last week thought you might want to read . DS
Northwest Pipeline Change Steve Fliam to Northwest Gas Control Change Williams Field Services and Gas Pipeline to Williams Midstream Gas and Liquids . Delete Sheree Anderson Change address PO Box 645 Tulsa , OK . 74102 Thanks DS
It looks like we are over delivering 2000 to 3000 mmbtu/d at PG&E Topock everyday . I will have the Field go out and take a look at the measurement . We need to set the point approximately 5000 short every day until further notice . I will visit with PG&E and let them know what we are doing . DS
Talked with PG&E today and they would like to flow rate today and we can talk to them each day . Our imbalance is 85,000 mmbtu they owe TW . I will visit with Mike O'Donnell about our imbalance . For now use the scada point for daily flow rates and not the spread sheet . DS
It really doesn't matter if we have sold firm or not March is still available for maintenance , as we would do it through april , may or june . To answer your firm question . Jan . 02 1091 , Feb . 1071 . Mar . 1071 , Apr . 1057 , May 1057 . This is what I see right now you know how things change . DS
Can you explain why we over delivered to NNG on total order . Order: Flow: Please let us know . Thanks DS
Disregard the below message . Sorry about that . I've got egg on my face . TW did not over deliver to NNG . The previous day accums for Estes did not role in scada until a little after 10:00 am . I did call Dale to ask if that should take that long to role over . We are just trying to keep a close eye on imbalances . DS
This will have to wait until March timeframe . They need to do better planning . DS
Thanks DS
This is special from Christine . 
Below is a perliminary report that Citizens sent and their recommendation . Please note Rob's message . Gary will you and Tiny review the report and next week we can set a conference call to discuss what we think that can be done if we choose to regulate our pressure to the Citizens site . The call will include all the above personnel . After we have our call I would like to call Citizens and let them know if there is anything TW can or is willing to do , or is it a Citizens design problem . I will let everyone know the dial in number on Monday . I will be on vacation tomorrow . Thanks DS
This is an email sent to me after my conversation with Rob last week . I don't know where he is leading with this . However will every one please read the below and Jerry in my absense please work with everyone to try and come up with a solution that TW is willing to live with as we go forward as TW and EMAR ( operators for Citizens) . Sorry I won't be able to any help this week as I will be traveling to New Mexico for my Mom's funeral . I will try and stay in the loop as best I can . Thanks for everyone's help in resolving this issue . DS
I don't know if you got the address to send flowers our cards . 1305 West Jackson Lovington , New Mexico , 88260 Thanks for your thoughts and prayers . DS
Thanks
It worked . Thanks ds
This is the outage for redrock tie-ins and volumes .
As of the 6th TW and NNG are balanced , I agree with Gary we need to stay balanced .
This is the most current .
Would this be something we would consider or do we need to suggest TW host in Houston .
you are correct however there are no nominations .
Yes I can . Let me know when this is finalized .
looks good to me . My portion .
We currently have an accumulated imbalance due TW from PNM of approximately 375,000 mmbtu . We do not need to let this keep growing . Talked with Chuck Thompson ( PNM ) and we both have agreed that TW is not to over deliver to PNM until we can verify the measurements . We need to keep the total order in balance . We will work on this next week . Thanks Ds
I don't think that decision has been made . I think we should be allocating . This should be discussed today at the TW afternoon marketing meeting .
As of the Jan . 11 Amy got them to take their schedule down from . 444 to . 088 and TW is now receiving make up . We will continue to watch this point .
I called Steve Richards at the station and this unit is in plant held for future use . I told him to get started . This is for unit 602 down from 1/16 to 5/31 . We will still have two units available .
Per Robert Baker: The TW Valero Pecos I/C unavailable until further notice . Will keep you updated . Thanks DS
Yes we do and I will make copies .
Works for me .
I would like to know where and how this is going to affect us and all the parameters . Kim I know Mansoor is working on the project and I will get with him . I would like to be included in the discussions from the beginning on new I/C ideas and locations . DS
January 2002 Scheduled Friday 19 West ( 869 ) San Juan 845 East ( 506 ) Saturday 20 West ( 873 ) San Juan 852 East ( 486 ) Sunday 21 West ( 889 ) San Juan 871 East ( 485 ) Monday 22 West ( 890 ) San Juan 870 East ( 519 ) Notes: Nice quiet weekend
Thanks
Melissa left a message that the volumes should start flowing to make the imbalance for the month . They cannot split stream flows .
As of Sunday , January 20 , 2002 Griffith Power plant located off of TW's mainline was declared operational for Commercial Usage to the Power Grid market . Gas Control Issues: Nominations: Their could be nominations every day for flow from El Paso and TW depending on the price and transportation agreements between Duke and PPL . You will see a total nom for the TW side in your daily orders and the El Paso order will have to come from the TW logistics Team . Flows: We may have to batch the El Paso volumes depending on the nominations . We will watch the noms this week to get a feel of where and how much they may vary . As agents for Citizens under the EMAR umbrella , We will need to get with the El Paso controller and let them know that your going to open their side to be Primary and start taking flow from them to accumulate the order.(If this looks like it is going to be small volumes we may need to batch the gas and work with El Paso Controllers. ) Currently at the Griffith Power Plant TW and El Paso screens the primary control set point is 1 ( TW primary ) When you need to flow from El Paso you will need to switch the service to 2 ( El Paso primary) , and flow the gas until accumed and switch back to 1 ( TW primary) . If anyone has a question on this please call me and we can walk through it . Again as EMAR we are to make the changes at the Site from Gas Control . The only time we should get the Citizens people involved with the I/C is if we have a problem with Primary switches or pressure problems . Please refer to the call out sheet on the Console for Citizens . Please don't hesitate to call if you need help . Thanks DS
I will be out Thursday afternoon . How about Friday sometime .
I can make that .
That is fine with me . Just let me know .
500168 is a Bi-directional point and physically can flow both ways . One Oak built a new delivery point with the capacity of 200,000 and the other point that was a delivery only is still active . The two I/C's go into different pressures into their system but physically located in the same yard . TW , along with Marketing ( Kevin Hyatt ) asked to keep the same POI and asked to set this point up as a summation meter to make it easier for the customers to nom on both pipes . Karen was involved in this point . 56943 is only a delivery only and is good for only displacement . 1635 is no longer a bi-directional point according to Will Fernandes on the Monahans team it is a delivery to NNG only . He will send an e:mail . The Burlington Jackrabbit I/C in San Juan: That was Burlington's Plant and I/C . They were the only shippers able to use that point . They are not using that point and they will get back with me and let us know if they want us to keep the point in active status . If any other questions please call DS
56943 TW-NNG Ward-- We need to leave as Bi-directional . Will Fernandes called back and said they were mistaken and there are still one 8" orfice run dedicated to flow gas back to TW . They apologize for the confussion . Burlington Jackrabbit-- Olivia with Burlington called and the point does no longer exist on their side and will not ever be using it . Does this mean we can inactivate it on TW ?
I appologize for some confusion . 56943 Valero Ward -- is only a delivery and we do displacements . 1635 TW-NNG Ward -- is a Bi-directional point . Jackrabbit we can inactivate . Thanks DS
HL with Conoco let us know that the Zia plant will be down for maintenance Monday 28th for approximately 10 days . They plan to route some of the gas to the Maljamar plant . I told them they would have to stay within TW tarrif specs of 7# of water . They will watch it . DS
please see attached outages for march and april .
Terry Youngren ( Artesia Team ) called to let us know that PNM will have their Loco Hills ( Thompson ) Tap out of service for approximately 3 weeks . They have to get parts . DS
Jeff Cochran Steve Coash Rodney Barnes Jesse Alvarado Jeff Moore Roy Armitage Margaret Hall Richard Barry Keith Braswell Helen Cummings Rob Munson Ed Welsh Rory Calhoun Ron Spain Gayle Henley Bart Monden Crandal Hardy Alan Muntz Larry Davis Steve January Darrell Schoolcraft Gary Spraggins As we go thru our reorganization this list may have to be changed . Thanks DS
See the attached
Your the best... . Thanks Ds
I had Maria send this to me . I think we can utilize this attachment .
What do you think about posting this attachment to the TW web site .
Thought you might like this .
Thought you might like the attachment .
These are just estimates .
Please see the attached . If you have any questions please call .
Just let gas control know what units you are going to have unavailable . You can proceed with the project .
FYI
I do not .
Great job.... . Thanks
I can be available as well at 9 this morning .
We will need to watch pressures very close and manage horsepower so we do not exceed the 939# . We need to set alarm limits . Will keep you updated . DS
Thanks
Will keep you updated .
Someone needs to call Jerry Graves or myself to schedule a pig run . We will need to have some coordination to flow gas from the P-3 side of the Canadian station to ensure you enough gas to run the pig to feldman . With max flows from the P-2 area they can run a pig from P-2 to P-3 anytime . It just needs to be coordinated with the teams and gas control . Mickey , hope this answers you questions . If not call me . Let us know .
This will be fine .
We are currently pumping north at P-3 to Mid-continent I/C's and Canadian . How are you going to get enough gas to run the pig back to P-3 . We only have 29,000 flowing at NNG Beaver today . If you have any ideas let us know .
Chuck Thompson is with PNM .
We need to get together on the digs between 4 and 5 . we will have to isolate the main and loop . We will need to curtail gas from SJ . I will look at the posting I had previously .
Is it Marketings plan to offer this as a Primary Firm point or an Alternate .
I second Jerry's statement below .
I talked to Delma with Amoco about the fuel and she is going to get with her people and call us back .
I will be on vacation tuesday , March 12 returning on wednesday .
We can check with Williams but can't promise anything .
yes
It will be fine .
I think these will be just fine .
Talk to tk but I think these will be fine .
I guess this is ok if you are . Is this a standard language . If R . Hannigrif is fine with it , then I will be good . I will be in the office tomorrow . See you then
Hey tk how are you doing . We are having fun . I plan to be in the office Tomorrow . We need to Come home Lynda is About to break me . Money wise that is . See you later . Ds and ls
no , we are back to normal .
It will be sometime on Tuesday . Just call .
Please leave the set point at 30,000 until further notice .
We are allocating approximately 90,000 to 100,000 mmbtu/d from San Juan . After the conference call today , I will revise the posting .
Please see the attached .
Please include John on your distribution list .
Thanks
Please see the attached .
Please set him up to get the TW critical notices .
There are 3 sheets tabs are at the bottom . Cal. , WestTexas , sheet 3 .
laura and amy and i told him he could have 5000 .
Jerry and I will work with the Field teams and Tiny to see if late April might be an option .
This is when the E:mail was set and the set point was put out of the way .
Bonnie White is the attorney . I have already called her to find out what our collection process is ( if any) . I know some guys named Guido and Mario who'll be happy to do it for 50% of the money . I'll let you know what I find out .
This is already pretty much done I believe . Let me check with Steve Dickerson and I'll let you know .
Hi everyone! ! For those of you I haven't met personnally , my name is Kevin Hyatt . I am currently chairing the Natural Gas Infrastructure subcommittee for the Electric Power Conference 2002 to be held in March . You are receiving this email because you have previously expressed an interest in serving on the committee . Attached below is the current subcommittee track agenda with the 4 sessions and each session's speaking topics . The track and topics were developed over the last 3 months with various inputs from committee members and the Trade Fair Group staff . Our current challenge is finding speakers for items 1 , 6 , and 15 ( highlighted in red) . If you move your cursor over the topic , the comment box will appear outlining in a little better detail what info we are trying to present for the conference attendees . I am working on lining up several speakers but as of yet have only confirmed one from Calpine . What I need each of you to do is review the agenda , think about who you may know who would be a good speaker for the topic , then call them to see if they are interested . Speeches should last no more than 30 minutes with a Q&A period afterward . If possible , please email or call me with your results by Friday 10/26 . Interested speakers will receive a formal invitation from the Trade Fair Group confirming their attendance . Thanks for your help . Don't hesitate to call me ( 713-853-5559 ) or Carrie Shapiro ( 713-463-9595 x307 ) with any questions! !
the first EP one ( Line No . 2000 ) went in service in August . The 2nd one ( line 2000 Power up ) is the one they didn't get very many takers on in the open season that closed 8/2/01 .
I have it penciled in for 3pm on thurs 10/25 . Wednesday afternoon looks ok too . Friday I may be travelling . Just let me know if you need to move it . Susan can view everyone's calendar and locate a time that works for everyone .
Are you going this weekend ? I plan on going on Sunday without the boys just to see how many guys actually show up . We saw some big ducks at Flatwoods Sunday morning . The boys got off some shots early but didn't hit anything . By 8:30 am , everything quit flying . let me know ,
Can I get an instruction booklet for a model 1560 ( serial 1650338) ? Please send to: Kevin Hyatt 18715 Hickory Ashe Dr Also , my unit keeps flashing "L" and beeping after being plugged in for only a few minutes and I can't get it to quit . Do I need to reset the unit ? I'm assuming the "L" means Laser detected . thanks
that was a good one! !
but did he pass the drug test ? Good for him . I hope he makes it thru boot camp . Have fun on your trip . I was going to ask you for a ride home tomorrow but you won't be here . I'm selling the Maxima to Cathy Corbin for her son . Now if I can get the stock price up , I may actually be able to afford a truck . Have you seen the new Dodge-- way cool! !
According to Bonnie White , the time period for Oasis to appeal ends on Friday 11/2 . If there is no appeal , then Enron will file a writ of execution with the local sherriff who will go out to the business and seize property in an amount to satisfy the judgement . This is cheaper than hiring a collection agency and we retain more of the funds . Let me know if you have questions .
Dear Dr . Lay-- Thank you for your presentation yesterday . As always , you handled very well some tough questions in a very trying time for Enron . I was literally mortified when I heard the "crack" question-- but I think you handled that well too . As a 17-year Enron veteran , the question made me truly ashamed to be associated with the co-worker who asked the question . Hindsight is always 20/20 . I'm sure you must know that the majority of Enron's employees don't feel the same way as this one individual . Thanks for your continued hard work and support . Kevin Hyatt Director , Asset Development
Is that "instant bam" an offer or just a suggestion ? I hear a mattress comes standard with every new truck purchase .
click in "index history" below so see historical pricing
looks good
Sun Devil is going well . We're working to get contracts closed for the shippers going to Phoenix . I need to send you the draft precedent agreement so you can start going thru it and making any necessary modifications . I'll get that to you shortly . take care
good luck on your kickoff meeting
My calendar says our appt . is at 2pm . I can do it at 8am if we need to , but would prefer 2pm . Let me know please .
the link above talks about vertebroplasty - a cement injected to help fractured bones . It may not be helpful to you as your's is disc related , not bone . My neighbor had this procedure done by Dr . Twyford out of Baytown San Jacinto Methodist hospital .
Nancy-- any word on the El Paso shipper comments that were due on 10/15 . El Paso is to file its reply today 10/26 . thanks
Carrie Mr . Colin Wilkes from General Electric Power Systems has agreed to present for NGI Session C on 3/20 . He will cover two topics including "Changing gas quality specs and their impact to turbines" and "Pressure Reliability" . He is preparing his initial draft which should be available in the next two weeks . Please forward to him a conference invitation at your earliest convenience . Contact info is as follows: Mr . Colin Wilkes General Electric Building 40 , Room 517 1 River Road Schenectady , NY 12345 Also , when you , me and Dave met at the P.O . DoubleTree , Dave mentioned an article he saw dealing with LNG gas specs and their impact to gen units . He was going to try and get me a copy of the article and check into whether or not the author would want to present at the conference ( at least that's my recollection) . Can you follow up with Dave to see if he's had any success ? thanks
Jose , Mr . Colin Wilkes from GE in Schenectady has agreed to speak on the topics below . Thanks for your help . We need to get together and have lunch to discuss the Sun Devil project on TW . Talk with you soon . Kevin Hyatt
Hi Stacey-- Hope everything is going well for you guys and you are staying busy ( considering our current economic slide) . Have you seen Enron stock prices lately ? I've kicked myself everyday since January for not taking your job offer .
When: Thursday , November 01 , 2001 11:30 AM-12:30 PM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) . Hey , I need to re-schedule . I am a co-chair for the Enron Kids Committee and we have a meeting over lunch on this same day . sorry-
Carrie-- Mike Nelson , Vice Pres of Pipeline Integrity for Enron , has agreed to speak at NGI Session A on Pipeline Infrastructure Security . Mike can be contacted via the following: Mr . Michel Nelson Enron Transportation Services PO Box 1188 Suite 3AC3101 Please send him a conf invite at your earliest convenience . thanks
Attached are the notes for your meeting in Albuquerque . Please avoid discussing the cost figures ( it tends to reach competitive ears) . If anyone has any questions , or any competitive intelligence on the Sonoran project , please have them call me . thanks
yes please . thanks
Hi Wayne , thanks for the reply . It would be great if you could develop something for item 5 . I think Orlando Alvarado is having difficulty getting anyone from Williams signed up for it . As for item 6 , I may have an interested party for that one but I'll keep you posted . thanks again ,
Mike- I will need to rechedule as I will be out of town that day . What about sometime either 11/15 or 16 ? thanks Kevin Hyatt
that will work , I'll put it down .
that's pretty cool stuff . When I get some money again , I'd like to build a nice layout up in our library or maybe a bigger one in the garage .
Kevin-- As we discussed yesterday , Panda Energy International , Inc . and TECO Energy , Inc . ( Tampa Electric ) have formed a partnership to build , own , and operate a 2300 Mw gas-fired electric generation plant located in Maricopa County , Arizona , southwest of Phoenix . The partnership may be called "Panda Gila River L.P." Here are some of the details as we know them: All building/ air permits received , construction has commenced Financing closed 6/04/01 ( oversubscribed by 56% ) $2.2 bn loan ( $1.7bn 5 yr . bullet loan and $500mm equity bridge ) Financing led by Citibank and Societe Generale 50% of power output sold under long term contracts , 50% on spot market What we want to know is: How did the banks get comfortable on the financing if only 25% of the gas pipeline transport capacity is under contract ? ( And right now there is only one pipeline capable of serving the plant's needs ) How did the banks get comfortable with only 50% of the power output sold under long term contracts ? What happens after the bullet loan comes due-- are the operators taking interest rate risk and hoping to refinance at a lower rate in year 5 ? Any information you can provide on the above would be very helpful . We are scheduled to meet with Panda in Dallas on Tuesday 11/6 . thanks for the help . Kevin Hyatt
thanks for the update on the Cougar . I need to try and see him this weekend .
Estimated annual storage costs are $15mm if my math is correct .
thanks Buzz , this helps alot .
Lorna , were you able to get a copy ?
Couldn't another explanation be that the Board DID UNDERSTAND the partnership transactions and were comfortable with the deals once the Chinese Walls and protections were put in place ? I don't believe the Board members would shirk their responsibilities ( as you pointed out , most of the members have more than the average expertise to understand the transactions ) if for no other reason than not taking the chance in possibly sullying their individual reputations by not properly vetting the deals .
I am out of the office travelling 11/12 , returning 11/13 . Let me know if you have an alternate time/day and what topic you would like to meet about .
The "revised" bear looks better , a little softer , more cuddly . I'd do the revised version .
FYI , I will be out of the office on Monday11/12 but will plan on working the lobby the remainder of next week . thanks
Ron , can you please verify for me the delivery pressure in pounds for volume off the Sun Devil project at the juncture of Panda's lateral at the El Paso interconnect outside of Phoenix ? Using Doug's cost scope from 9/28/01 , are we at 600# or something different ? This was the scope with the 36-inch Phoenix lateral . thanks
Carrie , FYI
What would be the pressure if we don't install stations 1.5 and Kingman ? My thinking is we might not have enough market at Cal Border to require those stations .
Hi Harvey-- As we discussed , I'm chairman of the Natural Gas Infrastructure subcommittee for the Electric Power 2002 conference . The conference will be held in St . Louis , MO March 19-21 , 2002 . Website is www.electricpowerexpo.com/ep2002/cfp.html . Primary attendees are electric power plant developers , builders , operators , and equipment suppliers . One of our proposed speaking topics is "LNG - a new role in North American supply." A concern among power generators has been the lack of domestic gas supply and pipeline infrastructure to serve growing gas-fired electric generation needs . The Committee feels LNG can and will play a more a prominent supply role in the near future . I'm looking for an LNG expert who would be willing to give a 15-30 minute presentation on the morning of March 20 , 2002 , 10 - 11:30am . They would be speaking with 2-3 other presenters and then participate in a Q&A session afterward . After you visit the website , if could let me know if you are interested in speaking , I will have a formal invitation forwarded to you . Thanks for the help ! Kevin Hyatt
James & David -- Can the two of you coordinate a revenue model for Sun Devil that incorporates a Straight - Fixed Variable rate design along the following parameters using 15 , 20 and 25 year terms: San Juan utilization: 85% of 780,000/MMBtu/d Mainline: 85% utilization of 810,000/MMBtu/d Phoenix lateral: 75% utilization of 500,000 MMBtu/d Also , prepare some ROE sensitivities if the above utilization falls by 10% and rises by 10% . I will be out of town till Tues 11/13 . Can we get together that morning and review your analyses ? page me if you have questions at 888-582-7421 thanks
Hey congrats! ! on the new job . Need any more people ?
Carrie , see Harvey's message below and send him the speaking invitation .
I tried to call you last week but you were with a customer . At this point I have sold my Maxima but with the current Enron environment and poor stock market , I'll continue waiting to purchase any new vehicle at this point . It may be after the first of the year before I do anything .
I'll continue to stick this out for awhile , maybe ride this wave back up . I'm working on a new pipeline project to serve Phoenix growth . Maybe the new owners will take a greater interest in assets than the previous ones .
We will likely not have a problem until after the merger closes next year . I think for this year we'll be fine .
I'm working on a replacement .
I saw Scott last year at a Rockets game . Remember Steve Dickerson , he's working with us now on a consulting basis .
I've called Julie twice , still waiting on a response .
Measurement Stds
Hi Beth , According to the engineers , minimum pipeline delivery pressure would likely be 750 psi at the Panda interconnect . Let me know if you have questions . talk with you soon .
Please join us in EB1339 ( Goodpasture's old office ) for an update on projected Western pipe capacity on Thurs . 11/15 from 1:30 - 2:30 pm . thanks
FYI , Susan & Audrey
We'll meet at 3pm in EB1336
Didn't David's son play baseball with Austin ? I think I saw him last night with his son at Austin's basketball practice .
I will be out Tuesday and Wednesday ( Brandon's surgery) . thx
website is Benelliusa.com Recent pricing on two models is: Benelli Sport ( removable vent ribs ) for serious competitive shooters is $1145 . This model is very similar to the Montefeltro . Montefeltro ( I shoot this one ) with wood stock , 12 gauge , 26" or 28" bbl is $845 . You can also get the M1 ( same as Montefeltro but with black syn stock ) for same price . Both shoot 2.75 and 3 inch shells . Both come with 5 choke tubes . Let me know if you have further questions . Kevin Hyatt
I'll look at other sizes / kids in her grade and call you back .
No meeting today but here's the update . We had our meeting with AZ Public Service on Friday 11/16 . Here's the highlights: 30 year term is not a deal killer Rates & fuel are high but San Juan gas price helps They like the pressure guarantee They like being able to swing the volume within the day APS has electric line ROW that may include underground ROW going south towards El Paso . If so , we may be able to use this path to reach Panda and the El Paso system at a reduced cost . APS will check it out and get back with me . Next steps: meetings are being set up with Duke , Sempra , and PG&E for the week after Thanksgiving . El Paso / FERC full requirments debate: A straw man settlement proposal was floated at FERC by one of the FR shippers . FERC still wants the parties to negotiate a settlement but so far there has been little progress .
we will have the adoption table set up Tues thru Fri this week on the 2nd floor from 11:00 to 1 in Enron Center North . Please stop by . thanks
go ahead with your plans . The adoption table will be available on the 2nd floor of ECN on Tues - Fri this week 11:00 - 1
thanks BOB! ! We'll take care of the shopping .
if the money was submitted for deposit in the Enron Kids Credit Union account prior to 11/20 , then it should be matched . thanks for your support .
anything donated and submitted to the EK Credit Union account prior to 11/20 will be matched . After 11/20 we are SOL .
attached is the info for JP Morgan . Let me know if you have questions .
you are SOOOOO GOOD! !
Spoke with Jim Adams at Panda this p.m . His new guy Steve Curley is now on board working transportation for Panda . Jim and Steve will likely call us Tues pm or Wed with a short list of questions on the project . Jim is also waiting on feedback from TECO on our proposal .
good analysis-- maybe you should consider a new career as an ESPN sports commentator . Who knows , it might pay pretty good . thanks
i am still interested but the level of interest will depend on cost .
Price would be $1150 + tax , he has one in stock . Ship time is usually 3-5 days .
Russ-- Attached for your review is the confidential proposed Term Sheet for Transwestern's Sun Devil Project . As we discussed , it includes a 20% swing capability for Duke within a 24 hour period plus delivery capability to Cal Border . After you've had a chance to review , please call me and we can address any questions you may have . I look forward to hearing from you later this week . Hope you are enjoying the snow!! ! Best Regards , Kevin Hyatt
Sent Sun Devil proposal to Duke via email-- will hear back from them by Friday 11/30 .
gently accepted
Eric , FYI
Wahoo! ! go big red . If we don't beat Miami , the BCS will never hear the end of it ( they may not anyway but who cares) . Watch party at the Hyatt House on 1/3 , you guys and spouses are invited . Let me know if you can make it ( yes , other Aggies will likely be attending) .
let me know your former location number , and I'll see if I can retrieve your packet and get it taken care of . Don't worry about the adoption , take care of yourself . god bless kevin Hyatt
at this point I have several on my desk now and others that will be coming to me shortly . Cost is about $55 - $75 per child , depending on how good a shopper you are . Let me know how many kids you'd like . thanks
It was nice to meet you at the Sempra dinner last week . We got 8 ducks on Sunday morning , but lost 2 . We should've downed about 3 more . Can you go next Wed morning 12/19 ?
Where are you at and I'll bring you a packet with an explanation ?
it just goes to show you , GOD is a first a Husker fan , then a Notre Dame fan!!!!!! !
grade 5 teacher Rodriguez shirt size 14 pants 14 shoes adult 6.5 - 7 ( for sock size ) favorite color white / blue weight 59 inches weight 75 pounds favorite subject computers has 1 brother favorite stories anything about cowboys If he had $25 he would buy: school supplies sports soccer wants to be teacher when he grows up likes camping Tracy , thanks for doing this . Call me at 713-853-5559 if you have questions . Kevin Hyatt
Allan-- we estimate 40-55% of the Enron sponsors have been severed , this would translate to approx . 200 kids . Of these , we have only needed to re-sponsor 12 children , but we won't know the final tally until Friday afternoon . I also understand HISD public relations is issuing a PR today inviting all the press to Gordon elementary next week . The Holiday Party is 12/20 . HISD phone is 713-892-6393 . Below is description of Gordon Elementary given to me by the school . Let me know if you have questions . Geneva - this is the overview of Gordon . Let me know if I can provide any additional information . Title I Coordinator Maud W . Gordon Elementary
I'll also need copies of your receipts for the Treasurer . thx .
got your resume and I have forwarded it on to a contact at Duke . Are you going to the job fair today at Enron Field ?
When: Monday , December 17 , 2001 4:30 PM-5:00 PM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) .
I saw in Gas Daily where CPUC denied SoCal the ability to put fiber in gas lines , but they are willing to hear more on the issue . Was this you guys ?
spoke with Bill Morgan . At this point , he only has Mon - Tues 1/14-15 open . He may have other openings if there are cancellations , we just have to let him know so he can call us . The rut just started , they've taken some bucks off the place . If we wanted to hunt an extra day , because we were there before , he would charge $150 per shooter . If you wanted to bring a 3rd party , price would be the full $500 for a 2 day hunt . Let me know what you want to do . I'm flexible .
Pipeline 20 Years
Pipeline 30 Years
I am supposed to hook up Monday with the guys from Home Entertainment to review the requirements for the sound / projector system . We will hopefully do a sight visit early next week .
News Release-- January 14 , 2002 With the pending takeover of Enron's formerly prodigious trading operation by Swiss banking unit UBS , the companies will soon announce a name change from EOL to the new name of UBSOL .
We got one wood duck out of the Moccasin hole . We stayed till about 9:30 . We did see 5 or 6 big ducks pass way over the top of the hole , but nothing came close . There was a lot of shooting to the east of us throughout the morning , but I wasn't sure if it was you or someone else .
I am trying to get a customer to join us for Friday , he'll be in town Thursday and may stay over . Let me know if you want robo-duck for tues .
message from Doug Pedigo
Jeff-- Rich Jolly is leaving Enron , not sure yet if he's retiring or signing on with someone else . The team is taking a collection if you're interested .
due to Conf room conflict ( Ken Lay needed our room!) . We'll do it on Tues at 3:30 in 15c1 . We'll update you on the Phoenix meetings last week plus the Desert Crossing project . let me know if you have questions .
thanks
When: Tuesday , January 15 , 2002 1:00 PM-2:00 PM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) . Where: EB15c1
When: Tuesday , January 15 , 2002 9:00 AM-10:00 AM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) . Where: EB 4205
I purchased an XTM Outlaw for my son for Xmas . I need replacement front suspension arms ( that the long pin goes thru ) and my local dealer doesn't have the parts in stock . How do I get the replacements ? thanks Kevin Hyatt 18715 Hickory Ashe Drive
Also , do you make a longer / wider front bumper ?
That's very good!! ! I can't imagine the struggle you face everyday . My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family .
I am writing to you as Co-chair of the 2001 Enron Kids program . A lot of ex-Enron folks who use your website were involved in this year's Gordon Elementary School adoption program . Many of these people sacrificed some of their own Christmas so that kids at Gordon Elementary would not be let down . I would like them to know that their efforts were truly appreciated by the students , faculty , and especially those of us on the Committee . Would you please consider posting on your site the attached thank-you letter from the school ? thank you Kevin Hyatt Enron Kids Committee 2001
take it to the credit union and deposit it . We'll use it for computers / books .
We've changed the weekly scheduled meeting to accommodate more people's calendars: When: every Tuesday When: 3pm Where: 15c1
Tues between 1 & 3 works otherwise anytime Wed .
When: Tuesday , January 22 , 2002 11:30 AM-12:30 PM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) .
Hi Don-- I picked up one of your flyers . I'm looking for storage for my 2000 Expedition to hold hunting equipment . What configurations do you have ? Also , would you be willing to sell the plans ( copyrighted of course) . I have a pretty extensive wood shop and might want to make the box myself . thanks Kevin Hyatt
Tony , call Rebekah at the number below .
Doug-- We are working up a proposal for APS in Phoenix wherein they would share in a portion of the costs we incur to get the project's FERC application ready . Tab 5 of the original cost book shows a cost of $8,750,301 . Is this still a good number to use for our APS proposal ? Let's talk Wed 1/23 if possible . thanks
Aquila informed us they are about to announce an open season in the next day or so with their partner Southwest Gas on a new storage project near Vegas . They propose to have 12 Bcf total , 6 B in first phase . Location is in the same salt formation as Desert Crossing . They do not have a pipeline attached and look to be hooked into TW and El Paso's north system . I am supposed to talk with their development person on thurs about a pipe option .
is this form on-line ? If so , how do I get to it . It doesn't appear under "forms" on HRweb . thanks Kevin Hyatt
thanks Jean!! !
Kevin , attached is the Sun Devil powerpoint presentation we gave to Stan back in December . I added one slide since called Project Rationale . The document probably has more detail than you need but more is better right ? Let me know if you need help cutting it down .
Can you tell me where to find the FASB 92 and 71 descriptions ? thanks
radio reports say he had a gunshot wound to the head and left a note .
The Sun Devil model is pretty big , over 2000kb , I'm not sure how well it will email but we can try it . We may want to send a backup on a 100mb zip drive disk . Do they have the ability to read the zip disk ?
Attached is a summary model for TW's Sun Devil project . The original model is very large; this summary version is smaller but doesn't have the links and supporting pages . Please feel free to call me with any quesions . Kevin Hyatt Director , Business Development
When: Friday , February 01 , 2002 8:30 AM-9:00 AM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) . Where: Eric's ofc
Mark , Per our conversation this morning . Call me with questions . Kevin Hyatt
anytime except Tues morning is available for you . Just let me know when and where .
why is it that ugly people are always the first ones to take their clothes off ?
I spoke with Jim Adams at Panda this a.m . If it's OK with you , I'll email him a revised term sheet ( subject to all the management approvals of course) . Let me know please if you'd prefer I not send it . I won't send anything till I hear from you .
Jim , here is the info per our phone conversation earlier today . Call me with any question you may have . Regards , Kevin Hyatt
Due to conflict with Stan Horton's meeting this afternoon ( 2/5) . We will reconvene at the regular time on 2/12 .
I invited Mark Brand to join us . I am trying to arm twist him into staying with Enron and work with me on this pipe project . Let's talk Fri a.m . on where we want to go .
Attached is the Sun Devil model using the $911mm Capex and project life of 30 years . The model is somewhat complex and may require spending some time on the phone with James Centilli , the model's designer . We will make ourselves available at your convenience . Regards , Kevin Hyatt
I sent the model that matches up with the information we have already submitted to them .
I called my friend at HPD , he is out of town for a few days while his dad has surgery . I also left another message for a friend I went to grad school with for him to recommend someone . I'll call you later with a name or two . Kevin
Alan , here's the open season announcement I sent to Mark Cook . The scope continues to move around as shippers request various things , but call me and we can discuss it if you have any questions . Kevin Hyatt
Eric , we may want to take a look at this report as sun devil moves further along .
what other time either Tues pm or Wed am are you available and I'll check .
I've been good so far . I hear you may be meeting with Aquila this week on the Red Lake storage project . Give me a shout and please let me know how that goes . enjoy the joke!! !
I looked over the entire list . It amazes me what some people got , including those in my group .
depending on how things shake out with sun devil this week , I'd like to tentatively plan on taking this Friday 2/15 off . Let me know if there's a problem . thanks
I just spoke with Curt Brechtel from APS this morning . I had called him last week asking for feedback related to our latest Sun Devil offer to them . He reviewed our offer with Tom Carlson . Tom has 2 issues ( listed by priority): 1 ) Enron credit rating and where the pipelines stand with the current financial situation . Do we have a timeline wherein the pipes ( specifically TW ) will have its own credit rating ? 2 ) Full requirements contract settlement at FERC APS still has no idea where this process will lead as far as their volume requirements are concerned . APS is still comfortable committing 100,000 MMBtu/d to Sun Devil , but likely not the 200,000 we asked for ( though 100,000 with an option to increase is a possibility) .
If I can set it up , are you available for breakfast with Panda on Wed morning ? How early ? regards ,
Panda has already scheduled other meetings around ours so they can't move our time . The will likely be in our office around 1:30pm Tues and we should be done around 3:30 -4pm if you finish with Stan early and would like to join us . thanks
David , glad to hear you're hanging in there . I sent your resume over to Gaye Lyn Schaffart at Northern Border . They were looking for an analyst . Did anyone contact you ? It's been tough with Sun Devil . We've changed the scope somewhat and lowered the overall cost , but the current financial situation still makes it tough . stay in touch and I'll keep my eyes and ears open for you . Kevin
It just keeps getting uglier and uglier around here . How are you ? You making any money off getting former Enron folks hired out or are they being treated like lepers ? I've got a resume I'd like to send you if you're interested on a kid who was our business development analyst . He came from EES and has a good risk management and modeling background . Let me know if you'd like to see it . Hope you and Daphne are doing well . take care , Kevin Hyatt
EB 1336
a recruiter friend of mine suggested you contact leadersonline.com if you haven't already .
I had a conversation this morning with my contact at APS re: the Sun Devil Project . Their #1 concern right now on the project is Enron creditworthiness as it regards building this pipeline . How do I get them comfortable ? Is there a timeline for getting a credit agency rating on TW ? If so , when ? Should we get Rod Hayslett / Stan on the phone with their finance people ? Please advise asap so I can put an action plan together . Thanks for the help .
Paul , here's the open season on our Sun Devil project designed to meet the growing needs of the Phoenix electric generation market . Please feel free to call me with any questions . thanks , Kevin Hyatt Director , Pipeline Business Development
OK!!!! ! thanks
Kevin , please review the attached and add any details you feel are necessary . I'd like to send this to Arizona Public Service on Tuesday 2/12 . thanks ,
thanks , that looks great !
Dear Curt-- thanks for your phone call this morning . In light of our conversation , I have prepared the attached document , with help from our VP of Finance Kevin Howard , in order to help APS better understand the current and projected Transwestern credit situation . After you and Tom Carlson have had a chance to review , please feel free to contact us with any questions .
Geneva , see the document below for the music system bid . Call me and let's discuss .
it likely won't survive as Enron ( due to the stigma) , they'll rename it something that better fits a pipeline business restructured as some kind of master limited partnership . Things are OK , some days are worse than others . I'm still trying to develop new gas pipeline business in the west , but it's hard without a lot of loose cash lying around .
contact Nova Guides in Minturn , Colo have fun!!!!!!!!! !
I verified the numbers with Ron , he did make the addition error . I also added the line for the Red Hawk lateral as a separate item . James had already run the economics using $843mm plus a 5% risk adjustment adder for the Capex for a total of $885mm . I think we have enough pad in this thing to take care of the error .
life is good , work sucks . Things are a little tough , we judge the day by how many news trucks are parked outside . We need a good natural disaster somewhere in the world to take the media heat off Enron . Supposedly , the lead singer from Twisted Sister was in front of the building doing some kind of rap video . Oh the depths we sunk to.... .
is 2pm OK ?
When you get the pages filled in for "supply" , "Plants" , and "pipeline" , let's review to see how we want the summary to look .
Hope you're enjoying the parent visit ! Thanks for the VD card , that was cute . If Jesse Jackson shows up here one more time , we're getting a group together and going downstairs to moon him .
602-250-2799 , I don't have an email for him .
TW currently owns a section of pipe called the Gomez lateral located south of TW's West Texas #2 compressor station . The lateral is approximately 35 miles long and is a 20-inch diameter pipeline . The Gomez lateral is currently not in service and is filled with sweet gas . Per Field Operations personnel , the last time the line was used was October 31 , 2000 . Pioneer Gas Pipeline is an intratstate gathering and transmission company . Pioneer has expressed a written interest in acquiring the lateral from TW for $2 million . Current book value on the line is ______________ .  TW could file with FERC for abandonment of the pipe ( and sale ) under the existing blanket authority if: 1 ) no IT gas has flowed for the 12 months prior to effective date of the sale or; 2 ) no FT shipper has a firm receipt or delivery point on the lateral for the 12 months prior...If an FT shipper does have a valid contract on the lateral , then we would need to get the shipper to amend his contract to effectuate the sale . Items to Verify: 1 ) Identify any entity currently having firm receipt or delivery rights on the Gomez lateral 2 ) Determine volume of gas in pipe and associated value for sale ( field ops is checking ) Opportunities for TW: By Pioneer puchasing and integrating the lateral into their system , they can effectuate incremental supply deliveries into TW . This would reduce the amount of gas necessary for TW to transport south of WT-2 ( via displacement ) and make more supply available for deliveries going west . A lunch has been scheduled with Phil Allard from Pioneer on Wednesday 2/20 if you would like to attend .
Per our conversation today , when you folks get a chance , I need someone to verify the current pressure of the Gomez lateral and do a linepack calculation for me . We are evaluating a potential sale of the lateral and need to know how much sweet gas is in the system . Please let me know if an answer by Friday 2/22 is not possible . thanks for the help Kevin Hyatt Director , Asset Development
how many fingers am I holding up? ? Glad to hear it went well . Have a nice long weekend!!!!!!!!!1
Dennis-- Can you tell me , of the following POI's , which are active on any TW shipper contracts and who the shipper is , including contract number ? Can I get this info by sometime Tuesday 2/19 ? thanks , KH POI
I'm checking that out now . Western Gas , Sid Richardson , and Duke have all looked at it before .
When: Thursday , February 21 , 2002 11:30 AM-12:30 PM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) .
Development of Sonoran Pipeline Project Halted PR Newswire ( Copyright ( c ) 2002 , PR Newswire ) HOUSTON , Feb . 15 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Kinder Morgan Energy Partners , L.P . ( NYSE: KMP ) and Calpine Corporation ( NYSE: CPN ) today announced the termination of the proposed Sonoran Pipeline project . The Sonoran Pipeline was unable to secure sufficient binding commitments to make a successful project given market conditions . Securing firm transportation agreements was a stipulation that executives of both companies initially stated was necessary before development of the project could begin . Neither company has spent significant dollars on the proposed development of the pipeline and it was not expected to begin service until 2004 . Both KMP and Calpine will continue to evaluate other opportunities to serve the growing California market . Phase I of the proposed Sonoran Pipeline would have extended from the Blanco Hub and terminated near Needles and Topock , Calif. , with the possibility of a second phase extending into northern California . Based in San Jose , Calif. , Calpine Corporation is an independent power company that is dedicated to providing customers with clean , efficient , natural gas-fired power generation . It generates and markets power , through plants it develops , owns and operates , in 29 states in the United States , three provinces in Canada and in the United Kingdom . Calpine also is the world's largest producer of renewable geothermal energy , and it owns 1.3 trillion cubic feet equivalent of proved natural gas reserves in Canada and the United States . The company was founded in 1984 and is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol CPN . For more information about Calpine , visit its website at www.calpine.com .  Kinder Morgan Energy Partners , L . P . is the nation's largest pipeline master limited partnership with an enterprise value of approximately $9 billion . KMP owns and operates more than 20,000 miles of pipelines and over 70 terminals . Its pipelines transport more than two million barrels per day of gasoline and other petroleum products and up to 4.3 billion cubic feet per day of natural gas . Its terminals handle over 50 million tons of coal and other bulk materials annually and have a liquids storage capacity of more than 53 million barrels for petroleum products and chemicals . KMP is also the leading provider in the U.S . of CO2 , which is used in enhanced oil recovery projects .
I found these numbers in a file , Loc Code 14039 , 14225 , 24008 I'm not sure what assets they are in reference to .
Guys , is there a way you can tell me what the MMBtu content of the gas is coming into TW from NorthWest Pipeline , TransColorado , and then what it is at Gallup ? I'm looking for historical info for say the last 6 months . thanks
the network may be in here shortly to interview me ( Claire Shipman? ) Did the parents make it out of town OK ?
Here's the info for Gaye Lynn Schaffart ( woman ) she is Northern Border's Director of Business Planning & Analysis in Omaha
we will cancel these weekly meetings until we get some marketing contracts signed . Any updates will be taken care of via weekly reports or in Steve Harris' weekly staff meeting . By now you've probably heard that Kinder-Morgan shelved their Sonoran project . Susan , please cancel any conf room reservation . let me know if you have questions .
James , can you please run 2 cases to calculate a backhaul rate to Phoenix using Sun Devil ? case 1: Using the Capex of $290,181,156 ( which includes the Red Hawk lateral) , what does the rate need to be using 100% load factors for 20 years with the terminal value and our hurdle return rate of 15% ? Assume fuel at 0% for the entire term ( source of gas would likely be Cal border area storage facilities) . case 2: same as above but load factors as follows: We are trying to respond to Panda Energy by Friday 2/22 . thanks
yes the 750 case , sorry I left that out .
good job , thanks
I didn't see myself this a.m. , maybe on the evening portion at 5:30pm
the new cable modem at home is great ( I got the first month free) . It's like being at work in terms of internet speed . Now I can download those Victoria Secret catalogs even faster!!!!!!!!! !
I have a meeting with the customer Thursday morning , is it possible to have an answer by this afternoon? ?
did you have any luck locating that power plant file I gave you ?
yep , it's as fast as what I have at work .
go for it . Maybe some public exposure will get you some job offers .
snap out of it!!!!!!!!! ! ( easy for me to say right) . Don't dwell on the past . Have you been putting your resume on internet job boards ? An outfit called me yesterday wanting my resume . Contact jessiica@searchconsultants.com
try these AM 610 , 950 , maybe 740
looks good , thanks for the help !
yours truly just got interviewed by the Office of the US Trustee to see if I wanted to serve on the Creditors Committee representing the ex- and current employee group . I find out later if I made the cut .
Bill , I need a confidentiality agrmt for a proposed pipe sale transaction . We are evaluating possibly selling a lateral piece of TW pipe to Pioneer . They are interested in purchasing approx . 35 miles of pipe that TW took out of service in 2000 . The pipe in located in Ward and Pecos County , Texas . Once the C.A . is executed , we would let Pioneer begin due diligence covering information such as easements , maintenance records , physical location , etc . Pioneer is an owner/operator of gas gathering & intrastate pipe transmission assets . Their info is as follows: Pioneer Gas Pipeline , Inc . Mr . Philip R . Allard , President San Angelo , Texas 76903 fax 915-655-3315 let me know if you need any further info . Kevin Hyatt
I saw this too . Is this just more stumping by "concerned" politicians in a congressional election year (  I can't remember what party Brady is with) . Is it going to be a meaningful meeting or just an "open mic" bitch session . I'd pass and read the results in the paper ( media is invited ) or the web site .
Jean , I'm trying to rebuild my PC at home . The hard drive cratered on me . I've installed a new one , but the only windows operating system I have is on a restore disk from Compaq ( win95 ) and for some reason , it's giving me an "image builder" error when I try the restore . This may be due to the fact that I trying to restore on a bigger hard drive than the original . Anyway , I also have win98 upgrade 2nd edition . When I try to load this , is looks for verification of ownership of a previous win system ( which I don't have except on the restore disk which won't work) . So my question is this , do we have an old Win98 operating system lying around I can borrow so I can load my win98 upgrade ? thanks , Kevin
Scott Walker Richardson Products 817-810-9385 Nick Thomas Aquila 303-892-5697 Tori Campbell Aquila 303-892-5663 Russ Boone Duke 801-531-4423 Ed Morris Oneok 918-591-5075 Greg Hood Oxy 713-215-7096 Teresa Cline Az Public Service 602-250-2969 Mr . Lindsey McMurray Public Svc of New Mexico 505-241-2686 Tom Toerner Reliant Energy 713-207-1450 hope this helps . Kevin Hyatt
did you see this ?
depending on cost for 1 vs . 2 subscriptions , yes
selling out other criminals to bring a speedy resolution to this thing is right
FERC has scheduled a conference call for Wed 2/27 to discuss this topic . I am checking with Glen Hass in Omaha to see if we can get tied into the call .
hey I got the printer ( thank you) . Any luck on the Win95 or Win98 operating system ?
Hey , do me a favor and only send this stuff to the house email ( jhyatt@msn.com) . Hope you and the family are doing OK .
I'll be on it .
lunch sounds great , any day at this point is OK , just let me know . I can come by and pick you up or meet you somewhere .
that was fast ! Received the agreement from you and am awaiting signature from my V.P . ( he is out of the office till Wed . 2/27) . In the meantime , I'm having field ops start pulling maintenance files and easement records . I'll let you know timing when I get it . If you think of anything else you'd like to review , please let me know . best regards , talk with you soon .
I have a conflict on Friday , what about another day next week ?
I would say 1 and if necessary , we could share it .
that will work . Let's talk Monday morning and confirm that we're still on .
if it's OK with you , I'll invite Susan Wadle .
Economics: Pioneer has offered $2mm for pipe that has a current book value of $533,000 . Replacement value of the pipe is roughly $26.8mm . Potential Buyers: Sid Richardson has previously expressed an interest in the lateral . Other area gathering companies include Duke , El Paso , and Western Gas Resources . I've contacted Kim Watson about getting Richardson engaged . I'll use the TW marketing Team to make contacts at the other companies . Pioneer has executed the confidentiality agreement . I'm in the process of assembling easement and maintenance records . If you'd like to get together this week and go through a process analysis for this transaction , let me know when would be a good time .
got it
only 2,687 mcf , this is per the field guys last week when they did the pressure check .
Roger , see note below . Can you please have someone start pulling the ROW files for this pipe ? Once they're available , I'd like to review them before we open them up to Pioneer . thanks for the help .
thanks Bob!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
I am still slated to be the panel chairperson for the Natural Gas Infrastructure Committee at the Electric Power Conference in St . Louis March 19-21 , 2002 . As chairperson , my conference registration is free ( $525 value) , I only have to pay air/hotel/meals . Is it still OK to attend this conference ?
I will be there . thanks , Kevin Hyatt Enron Transportation Services
Susan , talk with me on Thurs on this .
When: Thursday , February 28 , 2002 3:30 PM-4:30 PM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) . Where: Hyatt's ofc
i agree , let's keep the BaseDat too .
yes please
Paul , thanks for your email . We are working hard to get the Sun Devil project ready for FERC filing , likely by Sept 2002 . If you would like to send a qualification package , please remit to my project engineer at: Enron Transportation Services Mr . Arnold Eisenstein PO Box 1188 best regards , Kevin Hyatt
SD 750 case
we are still on target to file the FERC app in September . Are you planning to attend the Aquila Storage meeting this morning ?
pls forward eticket for Kevin Hyatt to ECN 1334 .
yeah I saw this . Wonder where they plan on getting the fuel supply????????|
Attached are my notes from the open season meeting today . Feel free to amend with your own notes ( those of you who attended of course) . Call me with any questions .
great , I will touch base Tues .
You guys have probably already noodled on this , but if you haven't , maybe it's worth organizing a meeting next week to discuss the above storage project and benefits / risks to TW . For instance: Risks: Red Lake connection to Kern cuts into TW forward haul market Rewards: expands TW's Park n' Ride capabilities ( we offer more capability and back it with a storage position ) better PnR rates over the short term than what the storage can offer more backhaul business on TW mainline ( i.e . Citizens Utilities ) Compression ops agrmt w/ Aquila Let me know if you'd like to get together for a brainstorm session . Bids are due to Aquila by 3/15 and there are some financial caveats to discuss .
you inner loop people lead such the lifestyle . I'll take a rain check and plan on taking you to lunch later this week . Let me know what day is good-- and we're taking your new truck!!! !
Jeff-- per our conversation this morning , attached is the original project open season announcement from August 2001 . A couple of current changes are: Volume to Phoenix market - 750,000 MMBtu/d Volume to Cal Border - 30,000 San Juan receipts - 780,000 Projected rate to Phoenix - $0.45/MMBtu We are also offering 16 hour peaking capability ( max daily quantity available in 16 hours , not 24 ) and pressure guarantees to those FT customers directly connected to the system ( which doesn't help Bowie but may help you somewhere else) . Please don't hesitate to call me with any questions . Best Regards , Kevin Hyatt Director , Asset Development
Hi Jim- I hope your conversation with Paul Cherry went well last week . Paul indicated to me that you might be sending a Conf Agrmt for us to execute so you could then pass along to us some of the debt covenant waterfall language . I'll be happy to push that agreement thru the channels here once you send it . If you feel it might be faster for us to send you our standard form agreement , let me know . Also , along those same confidential lines , if you can provide to me some various operating scenarios for the plant ( high , low , and base case operating assumptions ) I can begin designing an SFV rate for you to look at . Let me know please . thanks Kevin Hyatt
When: Tuesday , March 05 , 2002 9:00 AM-10:00 AM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) .
my dentist has scheduled a root canal for me this Thursday at 2:30 pm . Let me know if I should need to re-schedule . thx
will do , thanks
Max , here's a copy of the email I sent to Jeff .
Eric , here's an abbreviated rate model James put together for us .
Cancel me for the pm session on 3/7 as I now have another conflict . thanks Kevin Hyatt
Subject: Why did the chicken cross the road ? A new updated version.... . KINDERGARTEN TEACHER: To get to the other side . PLATO: For the greater good . ARISTOTLE: It is the nature of chickens to cross roads . KARL MARX: It was a historical inevitability . CAPTAIN JAMES T . KIRK: To boldly go where no chicken has gone before . DR . TIMOTHY LEARY: Because that's the only trip the establishment would let it take . SADDAM HUSSEIN: This was an unprovoked act of rebellion . We were justified in dropping 50 tons of nerve gas on it . RONALD REAGAN: I forgot . HIPPOCRATES: Because of an excess of phlegm in its pancreas . ANDERSEN CONSULTING: Deregulation of the chicken's side of the road was a threatening dominant market position . The chicken was faced with significant challenges to create and develop the competencies required for the newly competitive market . Andersen Consulting , in a partnering relationship with the client , helped the chicken by rethinking its physical distribution strategy and implementation processes . Using the Poultry Integration Model(PIM) , Andersen helped the chicken use its skills , methodologies , knowledge , capital and experiences to align the chicken's people , processes and technology in support of its overall strategy within a Program Management framework . Andersen Consulting convened a diverse cross-spectrum of road analysts and best chickens along with Anderson consultants with deep skills in the transportation industry to engage in a two-day itinerary of meetings in order to leverage their personal knowledge capital , both tacit and explicit , and to enable them to synergize with each other in order to achieve the implicit goals of delivering and successfully architecting and implementing an enterprise-wide value framework across the continuum of poultry cross-median processes . The meeting was held in a park-like setting , enabling and creating an impactful environment which was strategically based , industry-focused , and built upon a consistent , clear and unified market message and aligned with the chicken's mission,vision , and core values . This was conducive towards the creation of a total business integration solution . In summary , Andersen Consulting helped the chicken manage change to become more successful . LOUIS FARRAKHAN: The road , you see , represents the black man . The chicken crossed the black man in order to trample him and keep him down . DR . MARTIN LUTHER KING , JR.: I envision a world where all chickens will be free to cross roads without having their motives called into question . MOSES: And God came down from the Heavens , and He said unto the chicken , "Thou shalt cross the road." And the chicken crossed the road , and there was much rejoicing . FOX MULDER: You saw it cross the road with your own Eyes . How many more chickens have to cross the road before you believe it ? RICHARD NIXON: The chicken did not cross the road . I repeat , the chicken did NOT cross the road . MACHIAVELLI: The point is that the chicken crossed the road . Who cares why ? The end of crossing the road justifies whatever motive there was . JERRY SEINFELD: Why does anyone cross a road ? I mean , why doesn't anyone ever think to ask , "What the heck was this chicken doing walking around all over the place , anyway?" SIGMUND FREUD: The fact that you are at all concerned that the chicken crossed the road reveals your underlying sexual insecurity . BILL GATES: I will soon release the new Chicken Office 2002 , which will not only cross roads , but will lay eggs , file your important documents , and balance your checkbook . OLIVER STONE: The question is not , "Why did the chicken cross the road ? "Rather , it is , "Who was crossing the road at the same time , whom we overlooked in our haste to observe the chicken crossing?" CHARLES DARWIN: Chickens , over great periods of time , have been naturally selected and evolved over time in such a way that they are now genetically endowed with the capabilities required to cross roads . ALBERT EINSTEIN: Whether the chicken crossed the road or the road moved beneath the chicken depends upon your frame of reference . BUDDHA: Asking this question denies your own chicken nature . RALPH WALDO EMERSON: The chicken did not cross the road . It transcended it . COLONEL SANDERS: I missed one . BILL CLINTON : I did not , repeat , did not have sexual relations with the chicken .
sorry , I was thinking bi-directional and wrote unilateral . The CA with Panda should be bi-lateral .
outstanding , thanks!! !
Here's the info for Ms . Gaye Lynn Schaffart she is Northern Border's Director of Business Planning & Analysis in Omaha
Dear Phil , Hope you received the easement and line maps OK . We are pulling the maintenance records together and should have this done by 3/15 . How does your calendar look for Friday 3/22 to meet at the Monahans office or early the week of 3/25 . Prior to 3/22 I will be out of the office at a power convention in St . Louis , returning Thursday 3/21 . I could then meet you at Monahans on 3/22 or sometime the following week . let me know . Best Regards , Kevin Hyatt
Following up on our conversation re: Red Lake storage assuming only a Phoenix lateral gets built off TW , no mainline or SJ expansion: Capital cost is estimated at $304mm . A fully subscribed rate on volume of 750,000/d to get a 15% ROR would be $.152/MMBtu ( with zero fuel retention) . If we assume a more gradual volume ramping up , beginning with 50% load factor in year 1 climbing to 100% in year 8 , the target transport rate would need to be $.248 ( closer to my "top of the head" $.30 we discussed yesterday) . Both of these scenarios assume 80/20 Debt/equity and a salvage value in year 20 of the project equal to 1/3 of the capital cost . Also , regarding the Kern River expansion , what might the likelihood be of Mojave receiving Kern gas and backhauling to TW for delivery into Aquila Red Lake ? If the Kern volume of 700,000 ( out of 900,000 capacity ) doesn't go to Calif end-users , I think Mojave will have a somewhat stranded segment from Cal border to the Kern interconnect . We could then take this gas and haul it to Phoenix . Let me know what you think
and where are you going ?
if heat exhaust is counted in the "renewable" category , this would be another opportunity to take waste heat at TW compressor stations and convert it to electricity at above market rates . We are looking at one of these opportunties at TW station 1 .
I'll check and let you know
Good luck , is it the same outfit we've been working with who handles Red Cedar's production into TW ?
see what happens when you leave the gas bidness homey ? Williams was in some pretty dire financial straights ala Enron and debt they had with their communications group . They apparently realized this last fall and started to panic . Buffet boys come in and pick off one of the crown jewels at a pretty sweet price ( including the KRGT expansion) . The sale not only helps WPL's current finances but eliminates the need to spend $1.2bn on the expansion . What's interesting is the preferred shares also established in the deal . Warren could end up owning a big chunk of WPL when it's over .
Arnold-- what's the word on ORMAT & Sta 1 heat recovery ? Are they pursuing ? We may have additional opportunities for ORMAT based on pending legislation in New Mexico . let me know please
When: Thursday , March 14 , 2002 10:30 AM-11:30 AM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) . Where: EB1334
The question below was forwarded to me by Aquila . The question ( in red ) is from PPL . What would be TW's strategy and can someone get back with PPL ? thanks
I'm not sure how current this number is but try Brad at 412-359-2306
Glad to see you're still around . Hope everything is working out for you . Kevin
I added two map slides , one with the SD overview , and one showing e- plants in development or under construction and their relative size .
Paul , can you have someone get back with FMC on the attached document for Agave ? thx
hotel: Drury Plaza 4th & Market St St . Louis , MO 63102 I have one dinner commitment on Tues night but it shouldn't last long .
I'm having someone in our Credit Dept prepare the document for you . Please let me know if you don't receive it .
Martha Stewart's Tips for Arkansans GENERAL: 1 . Never take a beer to a job interview 2 . Always identify people in your yard before shooting at them . 3 . It's considered tacky to take a cooler to church . 4 . If you have to vacuum the bed , it is time to change the sheets . 5 . Even if you're certain that you are included in the will , it is still considered rude to drive the U-Haul to the funeral home . DINING OUT: 1 . When decanting wine from the box , make sure that you tilt the paper cup and pour slowly so as not to "bruise" the fruit of the vine . 2 . If drinking directly from the bottle , always hold it with your hands . ENTERTAINING IN YOUR HOME: 1 . A centerpiece for the table should never be anything prepared by a taxidermist . 2 . Do not allow the dog to eat at the table , no matter how good his manners are . PERSONAL HYGIENE: 1 . While ears need to be cleaned regularly , this is a job that should done in private , using one's OWN truck keys . 2 . Even if you live alone , deodorant is not a waste of good money . 3 . Use of proper toiletries can only delay bathing for a few days . 4 . Dirt and grease under the fingernails is a social no-no , as they tend to detract from a woman's jewelry and alter the taste of finger foods . DATING ( Outside the Family): 1 . Always offer to bait your date's hook , especially on the first date . 2 . Be assertive , let her know you're interested: "I've been wanting to go out with you since I read that stuff on the bathroom wall two years ago" . 3 . Establish , with her parents what time , she is expected back . Some will say 10:00 PM. , others might say "Monday." If the latter is the answer , it is the man's responsibility to get her to school on time . THEATER ETIQUETTE: 1 . Crying babies should be taken to the lobby and picked up immediately after the movie has ended . 2 . Refrain from talking to characters on the screen . Tests have proven they can't hear you . WEDDINGS: 1 . Livestock , usually , is a poor choice for a wedding gift . 2 . Kissing the bride for more than 5 seconds may get you shot . 3 . For the groom , at least , rent a tux . A leisure suit with a cummerbund and a clean bowling shirt can create a tacky appearance . 4 . Though uncomfortable , say "yes" to socks and shoes for that special occasion . DRIVING ETIQUETTE: 1 . Dim your headlights for approaching vehicles , even if the gun is loaded and the deer is in sight . 2 . When approaching a four-way stop , the vehicle with the largest tires does not always have the right of way . 3 . Never tow another car using panty hose and duct tape . 4 . When sending your wife down the road with a gas can , it is impolite to ask her to bring back beer too .
the beach was cold & VERY windy . Not much for scenery with those weather conditions . It didn't warm up till we left on Tues . Still working on the research paper . He's going to the library today . I think we're on draft #43 .
The stock market crash of 1929 and its impact on the Great Depression . He can only use one electronic source , everything else has to be textual . All the encyclopedias are on CD rom now , including sound bytes and movie clips . Those are very cool .
Dean , based on your schedule , how does Tues March 26 in the morning look for you to review the maintenance records for the Gomez lateral with Phil Allard from Pioneer ? How long do you think it will take , including a drive following the lateral route ? I would plan to fly out to Midland from Houston that Monday night , and be at the office for the meeting on Tuesday morning . Let me know as soon as you can please . thanks Kevin Hyatt
yes I did , thanks . I'm comparing to the other quotes and will let you know next week .
this could be useful . Is there a cost ? Can we get a free trial period ?
or try www.enronx.org
Phil , right now it looks like Tues 3/26 is workable for the Gomez meeting . What time do you want to start ? regards ,
OK by me
I'll be out till Friday , but leave me a voicemail if you have questions . The first column is the max gas consumption by plant .
i think i changed mine . Let me know if you see something wrong .
hey Richard , thanks for the invite . I'm not sure yet , but I think Lou is trying to put something together for that weekend too . Hope you had fun skiing . talk to you soon .
thanks Blair , we've been following the FR debate very closely . Last week FERC staff recommended to the full commission that the FR contracts be converted to CD contracts , in effect abrogating a huge chunk of the original 1996 El Paso settlement . The indicated shippers last year did file a Section 5 complaint against El Paso , accusing the pipeline of over selling its capacity . This debate has been one of the biggest hindrances in getting shippers to commit to the Sun Devil project .
It was nice meeting you too ! Please feel free to email or call anytime with questions or concerns regarding Austin . I was impressed by the Study Skills program explained last night . If this class was made a 6th grade requirement , I think it would go a long way in better preparing the kids for when they get to your class . Best Regards , Kevin Hyatt
Lorraine , S Harris , and Kim Watson all resigned yesterday to go work business development for Kinder Morgan .
Lorraine Lindberg , Kim Watson , and Steve Harris have elected to leave Enron , pls delete from email lists .
From Midland go west on I-20 take the first Monahans exit ( should be Business 20 exit ) go thru town , thru the one stop light 4 blocks past the light is a Kent Tire Center on the left TW office is behind the Tire Center address: 109 South Gail Street phone: 915-943-3297 Kevin Hyatt's pager 888-582-7421
our fax number is really 646-3225 . Apparently facilities gave us the wrong number . I tested this new number and it works .
Will we be covering this ? The utilities in California have been heavily engaged in maintaining "fortress monopoly" at home while advocating "openness" abroad . Any info showing the discrepancy is useful . No big deal . Just curious . And if someone does , a very brief update would be greatly appreciated . Best , Jeff Energy America to Discuss Marketing Practices in New Jersey Energy Choice Program PR Newswire - 10/27/1999 ( Copyright ( c ) 1999 , PR Newswire ) WHEN: THURSDAY , Oct . 28 , at 9:30 AM WHAT: Energy America , an energy marketer bringing choice and savings to New Jersey consumers in the state's deregulated electricity market , will make a major announcement regarding its marketing practices and participation in New Jersey's Energy Choice program . WHO: Donald E . Felsinger Group President Sempra Energy ( Energy America is a joint venture between Sempra Energy , a Fortune 500 energy services holding company , and Direct Energy Marketing , Ltd. , one of the largest natural gas marketers in Canada. ) WHERE: Newark Club Grill Room 22nd Floor , One Newark Center Raymond Boulevard at McCarter Highway Newark , New Jersey Energy America is not the same company as SDG&E/SoCalGas , the utilities . Energy America is not regulated by the California Public Utilities Commission and customers do not have to buy products or services from them to continue to receive quality regulated service from the utilities . CONTACT: Regina Parundik of Jampole Communications , 412-471-2463 , for Energy
Mona suggested that it would be a good idea to try to schedule a separate meeting to discuss rather than attempt to do it during our weekly staff meeting . Let me know if this date works .
OK , i'm trying this again . Jim , please let me know if you receive this . I'm attaching the previous notes .
Hi . FYI . Yesterday a deal was submitted to the California Commission ( without just about everyone in the industry signing ) to restructure Socalgas . More details to come , but wanted to give a flavor , knowing that you're actively engaged in negotiations . Assuming a 10.01.00 approval date by the Commission: 90 days after approval Windowing process replaced with OFO system Interstate capacity unbundled for core customers effective April 2001: Ability to balance using 3rd party provider Open season for Socal storage Secondary market for storage ( using Alltrade if want to ) Trade OFO imbalances and imbalance rights ( using Alltrade if want to )  Open season for Socal intrastate capacity Secondary market for intrastate capacity ( using Alltrade if want to ) Pooling at new city gates
I think Dennis , Shawne and I were supposed to work more on #2 , but since I can't recall , I'm sending to all . First , I apologize . I tried to work directly with the excellent spreadsheet Carolyn put together , but I kept fumbling , butchering , etc . So I canibalized her great stuff and created a new spreadsheet , attempting to incorporate the "clarifications" ( yeah , right ) that Prof McCullough distributed via email , and the stuff we talked about during break ( i.e. , timing of cash flows) . The answers are at the bottom of the work sheet . And I've also included the report ( though I did not peruse it for errors , relevancy , etc.) . My biggest concern is question 6 . My answer ( despite some outliers ) sez that there ain't no loan in June . ( This may mean my spreadsheet's got a fatal flaw--significant probability. ) Finally , doing a series of 1,000 trials resulted in some considerable variability across runs--again , could be due to screw up on my part--so the answers I generatd comes from a run of 5,000 trials . ( If you run the sheet , beware , 5,000 takes some time , unless you've got DSL or something. ) Let me know if this is completely out to lunch , or if you're coming up with something remotely similar . Best , Jeff
Greetings: Due to scheduling conflicts and in the attempt not to waste anyone's time , we'll try to conduct some preliminary due diligence via email , voicemail , etc . I've asked GP to get us their audited financial statements for purposes of credit check . Here is some additional information about the project . If any questions come to mind based on this info , please let me know and we can forward along to GP for answers . At this point we have tentatively scheduled a meeting with GP's CEO in the S.F . office for Tuesday , June 27th at 10 AM ( PDT) . A Little Background: Plan to construct an undersea fiber optic ( 24 fiber ) cable linking several of California's major coastal cities ( San Diego , L.A. , Santa Barbara , San Luis Obispo , Monterey , S.F.) . Will use a "festooned" arrangement ( i.e. , exit sea at each city point) . Total undersea length is ~900 km . At each coastal city , they'll have a POP to connect to PSTN . At San Luis Obispo , Santa Barbara and Manhattan Beach , they will deploy two , separate diverse cable routes from sea to POP . Will deploy DWDM . Plan includes eventual connections to existing and planned trans-Pacific systems . In addition to "loops" created in SLO , SB and Manhattan Beach , plan includes a terrestial leg from S.F . to Monterey to create a land/sea loop between SF and Monterey . Total terrestial piece is ~400 km ( which includes S.F . to Monterey terrestial leg) . Eventually , they'd like to secure terrestial leg from Monterey to San Diego to create a complete loop . Has received environmental permit from State Lands Commission; CLEC certification from California PUC; and is awaiting environmental permit from Coastal Commission . Expect to have southern portion of system ( San Diego to San Luis Obispo ) built and lit by end of Q1 2001 . Northern piece likely to take longer due to complications associated with federal wildlife preserve off of Monterey . May end up bypassing Monterey altogether . The people behind the build are techno-philes; they admit to being "clueless" when it comes to marketing the capacity . Due to Tyco's perceived lack of performance , Tyco is out and Alcatel is in ( per Ethan's emails) . They are distressed . Deutschbank has $8MM in the deal and is pushing on them . Willing to part with dark fiber for a deep discount . Best , Jeff
FYI . I didn't receive email yesterday , and I only started receiving them today at 11 AM . Quesiton: After Clinton's speech , don't you think the convention is going to cry when they have to sit through Al Gore ? I'm worried----he's so pathetic .
Great . Glad to hear it . Did you get my voice mail ? Makes sense for you to go ahead and start cobbling together a formal proposal . I've talked to folks internally ( and will discuss further with them tomorrow and Friday when I'm in Houston) . I'd like you to keep the information confidential , but I'm fairly confident that we're already at the point where it's not a matter of whether but of what the terms and conditions of the contract and the scope of the project will be . Best , Jeff
When's a good time to discuss ? I'd like to get as diverse a group of co-sponsors as possible , and as many as possible .
Attached is the letter that we sent to Lynch explaining the info we thought ought to be made publicly available . We're discussing how we can ensure that the market has access to any and all information that FERC might use in its "investigation" so that independent analyses might be undertaken . Is there anything in addition to the information we included in the letter to Lynch ( or that is already be publicly available ) that FERC might use in its investigation and that we ought to target for public release ? Thanks alot . Best , Jeff
Hi . I'm hear in Houston---currently at Elizabeth's desk . Do we have a number for Sue Nord and Scott to call into ? Or are we just going to call them from the conference room ? I'll come look for you later . Jeff
Everyone , meet everyone else's email address . Thanks to one and all for the taking the time to discuss the issues . Seems that the conensus is that the meeting was useful . Have a great weekend . Best , Jeff
Thanks again .
FYI .
I can be on the call . Please let me know if you get this , since I've been having severe email problems . Thanks . Best , Jeff
monday--in office tuesday--in office wednesday--in office
Thanks very much to all for your assistance . Is it possible to get some idea of exactly what the amount to be refunded is ? Thanks so much again for your help . Best , Jeff
Likewise . Hope I'm not being to much of a pain on the calls . Just that Enron---I'm quite certain---won't lend it's name to anything that's less than stellar . And I'm sure GSPP would like for the conference to be all that it can be , too . How'd things go in Portland ? Best , Jeff
FYI .
FYI .
plx check fax ( 646.8160) . Leg is out . give a call . Jeff
Glad to hear it went well . Debra never called .
been on vacation . i'm back . would you like me to call ?
Glad to be of help . Glad to hear it went well . Someone sent me some press on the hearing that looked great .
very much appreciated . i'm up and running , and all seems to be going well .
If you would like me to attend and think that it would be useful , just let me know . And thanks very much for the tip on the WSJ story . Enron Energy Services
Hi . Thanks for all the help . Life's nuts . I'll try to give you a call later in the day and catch up .
Greetings . Just wanted to let you know that I've dropped Product Management , E262A-1 . So I can be removed from the list . Thank you .
Just checking in to see if anything that you folks were working on ever got into the S.D . Tribune , etc. , or if you were continuing to work on things ? Hope all's well . It's a jungle out there . Best , Jeff
Greetings . I'm back from vacation . Trading voicemail with Jessie Knight ( trying to get him to appear at the hearing) . If there's anything else you need me to do---call Ms Van Way , etc.---just let me know . Best , Jeff
Greetings . Is there a chance of setting up a call-in number for these meetings ? Hope all is well in the land of craziness . Best , Jeff
Rob had Robert Michaels give me a ring re: potential panelist at the field hearing . Be happy to pitch him to Ms Van Way . Thoughts ?
My apologies . I took a vacation that I was in much need of , and as you know , it's more hectic trying to take off on vacation than it is coping with the day-to-day mess . And I came back to utter chaos . Regarding my homework assignment , I checked my records and , lo and behold , I am completely vested . That said , I also thought long and hard about making a switch and came to the conclusion that the switch would need to be a significant one in order to make leaving a compelling proposition . Of course , it goes without saying that working with you is about as compelling as it gets , but when I stack up the other pieces of the puzzle , they seem somewhat less compelling than the opportunity to work with you . It is so enticing . But it is with extreme regret that I am inclined to decline your gracious offer . Would be happy to discuss it further , and you know without me saying that I am honored that you considered me and greatly appreciative . Give a holler when you find a minute . Best , Jeff
FYI .
Though I had a somewhat different notion when I initially raised the idea of co-sponsorship , I agree with Lee's observations and think that we should proceed the way he suggests .
House power subcommittee .
Will you send a note to folks regarding the GA meeting here in SF next Thursday ?
Greetings . Let me know when you would like to discuss the "value" that GA brought to our pipeline group . ( We discussed it when I was in Houston week before last. ) Best , Jeff
FYI . According to Roger , if the freeze is extended out toward 2004 for PG&E and Edison , his book makes BIG money .
does tomorrow work ?
thursday or friday works best for me .
thursday or friday works best for me , but i might be able to make wednesday , too .
sorry about that . meant to send to tracy ( no "e" ) cooper in Portland , Oregon .
Darlin' , the last thing I want is to be rid of you . Get in touch when you can . And next time you're in town , I'm buying . Best , Jeff
Thursday , 9.7 , works for me for meeting #1 .
We talked about this in detail with Steve when he was in Houston . Please check with him . The idea is that there would be the flexibility necessary to do just about anything . Also , there are problems with the decision that Steve was going to talk with Pulsifer about . Need to get status of those conversations.My understanding was that , if there's a problem with the decision , perhaps our filing would be pushed a bit past the Tuesday . We'll need to find that out , too .
position on what ?
Jim has mentioned a meeting next week with all of us to talk about strategy , etc . over the next many months . Might be a good opportunity to clarify how we coordinate on these matters .
C1 was up 10 points today . I figure that means you signed a deal with them yesterday... .
retest
Sounds good . Given that Sue is going to be back on Tuesday , you may want to coordinate drafting duties with her .
Howdy: Just between thee and me , I think this note gets to some of the challenges we faced and discussed as part of our "group gropes" over the last several months . With Sue coming back on Tuesday , and in the spirt of our gropes , it might be useful to discuss as a group prior to charging ahead . May even result in the same outcome on how to proceed , but a little "process" on the front end may go a long way toward keeping things on an even keel . Anywho , just my two cents . Hope your meetings in Salem went well . Best , Jeff
FYI .
Greetings: Wow , lots of fun out there , eh ? Don't know what it will be like without Steve Peace around any more... . I have a very mundane question , though . What prices for intrastate capacity did the PUC finally come up with in the Sempra BCAP for large generators under the new "Sempra-wide" rate doctrine ? Thanks a million . Best , Jeff
'Thanks a million . Agree that humor is needed right now , though it's in short supply , so to speak... .
did i , or did i not , already give you mine . signed , confused .
Don: See attached from today's WSJ .
Greetings David: Just checking in to gauge how you folks are doing in cobbling together a proposal and to see if any roadblocks have been encountered . Hope all is well . Best , Jeff
Greetings All: If memory serves , our filing in California is due on Tuesday . Steve Bowen & Co . should be getting me a draft today based on our discussion a couple of weeks ago in Houston . Soon as I get it , I'll be distributing for review . Aim would be to have it in shape COB tomorrow . Thoughts ? P.S . Some good news . Recall from our meeting a couple of weeks ago that I mentioned that there were some preliminary filings we had to make in Arizona ( in order to transact business there ) prior to filing for a CPCN . Well , I've spoken with Robin Hill , and those filings have already been made some time ago , so that's one less thing to worry about . Best , Jeff
We'll send a card . She's 19 ? Well , if we have to , we'll take some tomotoes.....Taking the suit and ( if Prentice permits ) Annie , too . Could you discuss with Eldon whether you guys want to do the Dome road while my is doing my road at the end of the month ? He's going to fax me the estimate based on his visit when we were all up there last . To be honest , the deck's got me pretty darned gun-shy about "projects" and this guy is really nice and I want to work with him for years to come . He's pretty willing to do whatever you folks want , i.e. , from Yugo-style road to Rolls Royce-style road . And if you want to take a pass , that's of course great , too . I just want to make sure it doesn't turn in to a cluster-you-know-what....Just let me know .
Need Amber's address , too .
Thank you .
Yes , please forward along . Kathleen and Thom , Don Schultz is , and has been for about two decades , a rather earnest and tenacious crusader for DSM . Very detail-oriented sort of fellow . Works for the California Commission's "Division of Ratepayer Advocates." Just a heads up . Best , Jeff
Greetings Dr . Gobbo: If my memory serves , you should have arrived back in Italy , or will return soon . Since we met , I have spoken with Severin Borenstein , who is intimately involved with California's electricity restructuring ( melodrama? ) and a renowned energy economist at UC Berkeley . Severin has offered to serve as a contact for you as you continue to take on the formidable task of restructuring your country's electric industry . I've included his contact information below . And , of course , if there is ever anything I can do for you , do not hesitate to contact me . All the best , Jeff E.T . Grether Professor of Business Administration and Public Policy Director Haas School of Business U.C . Energy Institute University of California 2539 Channing Way Berkeley , CA 94720-1900 Berkeley , CA 94720-5180 Email: borenste@haas.berkeley.edu WWW:
That's fine if you don't want to do the road , but please tell Eldon and I'll tell Jeff ( my road guy) .
Nope , not at this point . Rather than start with money , we'd rather start with getting the rules ( i.e. , the IOUs ) fixed so that there ain't regulatoy roadblock after roadblock standing in the way of deployment . Sound reasonable ?
FYI .
call me unreasonable . i can take it . been called worse , though , of course , coming from you , it hurts more .
I don't we're ready . could call at some point so we can discuss ?
Alpert has passed both Assembly and Senate--on way to Governor . 6.5 cent cap . Am faxing in case you don't have . Jeff
Do you mind if I meet with Carl and Severin and Rich next time I'm over at Haas to discuss this a bit with them ?
I'm sorry , I'm losing my mind . did you send Amber's address ? if so , i've deleted it . could you send again ? also , are you sure you don't want the tickets ? they come with free parking ( it ain't the closest lot , but hey , it saves 20$) . also , please let me know when you've confirmed with the G.O . that you don't want to do road , so that I can tell Jeff . And of course we'll pick up the football forms , just make sure they're somewhere easy to find ( butcher block table?) . we'll be coming up tomorrow evening to pick up all the stuff . how's the canopy ? you and eldon playing ping pong ?
god bless you .
California's Price Caps Raising Average Cost of Power The retail price caps imposed in California are leading to higher averageprices for longer periods of time as demand responsiveness is dulled and supply is retarded , according to a report released by Morgan Stanley DeanWitter . Traders interviewed by the firm said that calendar strips for 2001through 2003 have traded in excess of $100/MWh , or around $30/MWh higher than a month ago . What's more , the firm said , the expected trough in the forwardcurve * projected in the 2002-2003 time frame * "continues to move out in time." The Dean Witter study reported that the change in futures pricing for theCalifornia Oregon Border ( a proxy for Northern California pricing ) and atPalo Verde ( a proxy for Southern California pricing ) trading hubs show similar upward trends from June through August . The study said the most alarming thing for the state is the increased threaof power outages . Higher priced regions like the desert Southwest and theNorthwest "will suck exports out of the state and deter imports," Dean Witter said . The tight supply situation is pushing average prices higher , more often , and increasing the risk imports won't arrive at all when they are truly needed .
I assume , since C1's stock rose 10 points yesterday , that you struck a deal with them !
So far , all is well . Thanks for asking . Best , Jeff
Hopefully you mean "buy?"
You have access to generation daily ? Just wondering if the guy wrote the story.. .
Sell .
Man , Illinois is tough . One has to submit testimony to get certified ! How are things going ? Got your voice mail . Hope all's well . Recovered yet from the conventions ?
what do you mean high ?
Cathy Van Way called asking my view on some names she'd been given to invite to the hearing . ( I continue to cajole Jessie Knight to appear. ) During the call , she mentioned that the committee intends to invite Steve Kean and that she needed someone to email here Steve's vitals so that they could write a letter inviting him .
Got your message . You're a pal . Can't thank you enough . Wish you the best of luck on the options program . If you can send me a copy of the presentation on the options programs , boy , I'd love to have one . Please give our lovely counsel a big hug for me . And I plan to be out there again real soon . Best , Jeff
Despite Its Depressed Stock , Commerce One Prepares for Blastoff By Joe Bousquin Staff Reporter 8/31/00 1:15 PM ET URL: Poor Commerce One ( CMRC:Nasdaq) . Despite its best efforts , including Wednesday's 21% gain , it's still less than half the stock it used to be . Trading at about $63 a share , it's well off its split-adjusted high of $165.50 , reached near the end of last year . Meanwhile , archrival Ariba ( ARBA :Nasdaq) , at about $150 a share , has steadily been marching back toward its all-time high of $183.31 . It has jumped 47% since reporting its earnings on July 12 . But as Wednesday's move may indicate , it may be Commerce One's turn . People are beginning to pay attention to the strength of its partnership with Germany's SAP ( SAP:NYSE ADR) . An exchange that Commerce One is helping build for the big automakers is about to crank up . And perhaps more importantly , some observers are beginning to see some value in Commerce One's focus on so-called direct B2B , which involves buying and selling major supplies like steel for cars instead of office supplies . Issues Aplenty Of course , there are still plenty of issues facing Commerce One , the same issues that have held its stock down . For instance , it carries the stigma of being a concept stock because no one knows whether those same big industry exchanges actually will work . Its sluggish stock also puts it at a disadvantage to chief competitor Ariba when it comes to making acquisitions to grow . But for now , there are signs that sentiment is shifting in Commerce One's favor . Gavin Mlinar , an analyst at Sands Brothers , sees three short-term positives for Commerce One . ( He's the analyst who had the gall to downgrade Ariba on valuation concerns . His firm hasn't done underwriting for either company. ) Mlinar says the word on Wall Street is that Commerce One , along with its new best friend SAP , will announce two new online exchanges in the coming weeks . ( TSC's Adam Lashinsky recently wrote a column about the partnership between Commerce One and SAP. ) While those sorts of announcements no longer guarantee a moon shot for a company's stock , they could show that the partnership is working . Two weeks ago , they announced new exchanges in the mining and energy industries . Commerce One declined to comment about the possible exchanges . Blastoff On top of that , Covisint , the mega-exchange that Commerce One is helping build for the auto industry , is slated to begin operations at the end of September , which could give the first indication of whether these exchanges actually work . Then there's the coming completion of Commerce One's acquisition of consulting firm AppNet ( APNT:Nasdaq) . Investors initially reacted negatively to that deal . But since then , it's become clear that there aren't enough consultants in B2B to go around , so the deal will give Commerce One its own army of geeks to plug in its software . "There's no doubt that investors are in a good position with" either Commerce One or Ariba , Mlinar says . "But it's a matter now of who has the near-term operational catalysts . I think there , it's Commerce One." Beyond those short-term catalysts , others say Commerce One has been positioning itself smartly for the long term , especially with its focus on the direct business . "We think the big play here is in direct," says John Biestman , director of investor relations for Commerce One . "While we will continue to service the indirect procurement side , we are hitting at the heart of where we think B2B will be , which is direct goods . We want to be the best-of-breed player there." Ariba has also made headway there , but its focus has primarily been on the indirect business , in part because it's easier to get companies to buy things like paper and pencils online than material that actually goes into the manufacturing process . But with companies becoming more comfortable about buying and selling online , they're now looking to the direct business as a way to save more money . With big customers like GM ( GM:NYSE ) and Boeing ( BA :NYSE ) and its partnership with SAP , Commerce One could be ready to exploit this growing comfort . Direct vs . Indirect "What's happening is the marketplace is beginning to understand the difference between direct and indirect," says Ben Smith , a consultant for A.T . Kearney . ( His firm hasn't done consulting for Commerce One. ) "Picking a [software] solution for one doesn't necessarily include the other." Smith points back to Commerce One's partnership with SAP . For years , the German software maker has been concentrating on the complex kind of software that helps businesses build things . If a firm can successfully plug that in to software designed to buy the building blocks -- like Commerce One's software -- it could have a winning combination . "The SAP partnership legitimizes Commerce One in the direct materials space," Smith says . "It gives them much more depth from the product standpoint than they can possibly build on their own." Of course , Ariba isn't letting this business just slide by . It's working with partners i2 Technologies ( ITWO:Nasdaq ) and IBM(IBM:Nasdaq) . But this is Commerce One's focus . So if companies do begin to use direct B2B , Commerce One will be ready and waiting .
Thank you .
Thank you . Exciting stuff .
Rumor on the street that the legislature may make a last minute play to change the make-up of the governing boards ( at least for the ISO ) from the current stakeholder make-up to one made up of appointees of the governor .
will do .
the damned book costs $100 ! i've borrowed yours . you know where to find it .
FYI .
Internet B2Bs Rose Hard and Fell Hard Once Before . Time for Act Two ? By Joe Bousquin Staff Reporter 8/30/00 9:22 PM ET URL: Beware the booming B2Bs . Several business-to-business stocks rocketed upward Wednesday on little news as the Nasdaq waffled for most of the day . While some market watchers said investors were betting on a strong quarter , many analysts couldn't explain increases of 15% or more in stocks like Commerce One ( CMRC:Nasdaq) , Ventro Big Day for B2B Several of the stocks rallied Wednesday on little news . "You've got me," says Bill Epifanio , B2B analyst at J.P . Morgan . "They're all going nuts on nothing." Since earnings season ended , sentiment about B2B stocks has shifted back to the rose-colored variety in this sector . While this change is based on the concrete results that companies like Ariba ( ARBA:Nasdaq) , i2 Technologies ( ITWO:Nasdaq ) and FreeMarkets ( FMKT:Nasdaq ) delivered , investors also may want to pause and reflect . After all , it was only this past spring that investors grabbed any B2B stock within reach on hopes of unlimited growth , only to have them come crashing back down . Focus "Before , we were buying stocks on promises of what they could be , and that's when it got out of hand," says Eric Upin , B2B analyst at Robertson Stephens . "Now , you've got to focus on which stocks are delivering lots of growth and revenue." Upin looks to Ariba and i2 Technologies as examples of companies that are actually delivering . ( He rates both a buy , and his firm hasn't done underwriting for either. ) Ariba recorded $153 million in deferred revenue in the most recent quarter . Deferred revenue is money that a company collects before it actually delivers a product or does its job . It's a good signal , because if people are willing to pay before a company gives them something in return , it means there's strong demand . Ariba was up $8 , or 6% , to $152.50 . i2 is considered a strong player in supply-chain management software , and it has a partnership with Ariba and IBM ( IBM:NYSE) . It climbed $11.13 , or 7% , to Reaching ? But in a possible indication that investors may have just been reaching for any B2B stock , Ventro finished up $2.69 , or 21% , at $15.50 on no news . This is the same company that upset analysts and investors with a poor second-quarter performance , with just $1.8 million in net revenue . "Investors need to be more careful regarding which of the B2Bs they select," adds David Hilal , a B2B analyst at Friedman Billings Ramsey . "When B2B was at its highest , any company that used that acronym seemed to perform well . Now , you have to dig deeper and figure out which ones are the real players in this new economy." Meanwhile , one of the most interesting subplots Wednesday involved Commerce One . On no real news -- there was talk about an already announced deal -- Commerce One shot up $10.88 , or 21% , to $63.25 . There's been a lot of chatter about the company lately . Gossips love to talk about how its partnership with German software maker SAP ( SAP:NYSE ADR ) might lead to a merger . Then there's the persistent rumor that the two companies will soon announce two more Internet exchanges for major industry groups . On top of that , Covisint , the big auto exchange that Commerce One is helping build , is setting up to launch near the end of September . Lump that in with the fact that Commerce One's stock has slouched in Ariba's shadow lately , add a dash of Wednesday's positive sector sentiment , and you've got the most active stock on the Nasdaq Wednesday . It traded more than 27 million shares , whereas it usually trades 6.6 million . Ready to Bolt Gavin Mlinar , an analyst at Sands Brothers , says the stock has been setting up for a move for a while . "September is a big month for them; they have so much on the table for a potential lift," Mlinar says . He's been crowing about Commerce One since mid-August , when he said the company was starting to look more attractive than Ariba on a valuation basis . And overall , Mlinar contends that conditions were right for a B2B run . "The emphasis and momentum has clearly been building lately," he says . "There wasn't much , on a broad basis , since April , and now we're seeing a total rotation into these names." Which is just what some observers are cautioning against .
Hey buddie: Give me a call tomorrow . Want to catch up on a few things . Thanks a bunch . Best , Jeff
I'd prefer to wait on the call . I'll be distributing my suggested refinements to and speakers for Rob's "Option 3" by COB today .
I'll be in D.C . Can't wait to see you . Best , Jeff
Can get that number . You want it pre "Blue Book" or pre AB 1890 , or both .
If there is going to be a play come the first of the year to meld California's PX and ISO , Skilling may want to consider pre-empting that agenda ( and most of this is not new; already included in previous messaging points we've developed internally): It's the gas industry , stupid---for profit transcos is the answer . California's big mistake was replacing one monopoly--the utility---with another--the PX . PX's are not necessarily bad things . But PXs with a monopoly is a very bad thing . Forcing the IOUS to buy everything from the PX was irresponsible . "Put everyone on a variable rate mortgage" story . Decision makers openly admitted that they put in place a strucuture designed NOT to encourage retail choice and competition . Decision makers actively urged families and businesses NOT to switch to providers offering an "insurance policy" ( i.e. , fixed price deals ) against the volatile and risky power exchange price . When you combine the supply shortage , the PX monopoly , the nonexistant retail market and decision makers' attempts to discourage choice , you get a debacle--that's what California set itself up for , and that's what it got . Putting the PX inside the ISO will only infect the wound that's already been inflicted . The real answer is....(we've developed these points already) . This is quick and dirty and can be made much more punchy and articulate , but wanted to get the notion out there given our time constraints . Best , Jeff
Here are some more prices . Many thanks to Roger Yang .
Power plant siting bill to follow if you'd like it .
Legislative package only delays pain , critics warn By Craig D . Rose UNION-TRIBUNE STAFF WRITER Consumer and political leaders -- as well as Sempra Energy's chief executive -- said yesterday that the three electricity bills before Gov . Gray Davis do nothing to fix the fundamental cause of soaring bills . The cause , they say , is that power generators can continue to charge what most characterize as exorbitant prices for their electricity -- and consumers ultimately face the daunting task of paying them . No matter if all of the bills are signed , the leaders say California's power market will remain a seller's game that gouges overmatched consumers . And while San Diego Gas and Electric Co.'s hard-pressed customers may pay less now , they will pay back all or nearly all the savings -- plus interest -- beginning in 2003 . "The governor's bill postpones the pain , but the pain is still there," said Maureen O'Connor , a former mayor of San Diego who has been active in seeking relief from the soaring bills afflicting SDG&E's 1.2 million electricity customers . The rate bill promoted by Davis and now awaiting his signature will have SDG&E's customers pay about 6.5 cents per kilowatt hour for electricity , or 70 percent more than what they paid as recently as May . Power companies , however , will continue to charge the customers as they have; presently , they're charging about 21 cents per kilowatt hour for SDG&E customers . The difference between 6.5 cents and whatever prices above that level emerge from the state's volatile power market will be recorded as IOUs for each customer in so-called balancing accounts . A second bill before the governor could provide up to $150 million in state money to help pay the balancing accounts , but the bulk of the IOUs will almost certainly be paid by SDG&E customers themselves when they become due in 2003 or 2004 . A third bill before the governor would speed the construction of power plants . So while the rate bill lets customers pay less now than they owe , it obligates them to pay the balance with interest later . The situation creates the potential for a troublesome compounding effect: The higher electricity prices grow , the more is set aside in the balancing accounts -- and the greater the wallop to customer wallets when the accounts come due . Based upon prices now paid for future electric deliveries , Sempra Energy estimates customers will owe $664 million by 2003 . IOUs of that magnitude , said SDG&E , will require that customers pay a surcharge of $40 monthly for a year on top of whatever they are already paying for their power bills . Keep in mind that typical residential bills at this time last year were about $55; they now stand at about $130 . Consumer advocates say it's likely power prices will remain at levels that will lead to huge debts for customers under the Davis proposal . "The generators have shown themselves to be unconscionable in extorting profits," said Nettie Hoge , executive director of TURN , a San Francisco-based consumer group . Hoge said the bills that emerged "seemed the best a corrupt system could spit out." She added that TURN and other groups will shift their focus to pressuring the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to restrain the electric generating companies and wholesale power markets . FERC , she said , must legally determine if charges from generating companies are reasonable . TURN and other groups will also press for re-regulation of the industry and will begin to explore municipally owned generating plants . Michael Shames of the Utility Consumers' Action Network supports the Davis bill , although he said it won't fix "the almost irreparably broken California energy system." "The problem is that California's electricity customers have been subjected to market prices in a dysfunctional energy market," Shames said . "It's a market controlled by the sellers of power and their cronies." But Shames said the Davis bill provides at least temporary protection against further rate shocks , and he expects taxpayers across the state will ultimately assist SDG&E's customers in paying their electricity bills . But Jamie Court , executive director of the Foundation for Taxpayer and Consumer Rights , which has called for re-regulation of the industry , opposes the rate-cap legislation . "This keeps ratepayers and taxpayers on the hook for the costs," said Court , who added that the bill also locks in near doubling of power rates compared to last year . Stephen Baum , chief executive officer of Sempra , said the bill puts SDG&E -- a Sempra subsidiary -- in the position of financing the difference between what power companies charge for their power and what it collect from customers over the next three years . The balancing accounts , Baum said , could grow so large that they will challenge Sempra's ability to borrow to cover them . "The problem is with the wholesale markets," said Baum , who today becomes chairman as well as chief executive of Sempra . "This legislation does nothing but postpone a big bill." He added that Sempra believed the bill included ambiguities that could be illegal if not later clarified by the California Public Utilities Commission . "If ( the PUC ) can't or won't , then I think the legislation is legally flawed and can't stand," Baum said .
Talked to Dave . In a nut shell , here are the problem areas in the bill as he sees it . It was a very brief conversation , but I think I've captured the key points: Based on an expectation that the "expedited siting" bill would help site plants , Dave's group had six plants on the drawing board . The 5 ppm requirement kills 4 of the 6 , i.e. , the 4 can't meet the 5 ppm requirement . The requirement that the plants would either be 1 ) shut down after 3 years or 2 ) replaced with a combined-cycle plant kills the other 2 because a ) shutting down the plants in 3 years kills the economics , and b ) the sites for the two LM-6000s can't accomodate combined cylces ( i.e. , Dave couldn't get siting) . In addition,the generator would be required to sign an exclusive with the ISO ( which the EOB would have to approve) , which takes away the optionality of going to the market , thus killing the economics . On the labor side , it's complicated , but in essence , by requiring that "...it be shown that the applicant has a contract with a general contractor and has contracted for an adequate supply of skilled labor to construct , operate , and maintain the plant," it forces Dave to negotiate a labor deal before he knows what the project is ( i.e , before the project has been approved) , and , it effectively prevents Enron from having the option to use internal resources ( this issue is very specific to Enron; I can explain more if folks prefer) . In short , bullets 1-3 would seem to affect both Enron and the market , while the last bullet is , according to Dave , very Enron specific . Point 2 in bullet 4 , according to Dave is sensitive and should not be made public . If any questions , let me know . Bruno has emailed the price cap and the "general-funds-to-help-finance-the-cap" bills , and faxed the siting bill . Best , Jeff
Hi . My brother just called . would you mind if I gave him the Sunday Cubs tickets . If you've already secured people for them , not big deal , but I think his kids would get a big kick out of it . They're both big ball players .
you're a saint . who won at ping pong last nite ? well ?
Sorry to bring it up again , but did we finally give up on UC/CSU ? Jessie Knight called me . He's now the CEO of the Chamber of Commerce is S.D . They plan to launch a campaign next week telling businesses in S.D . that the best thing to leave Sempra and switch to another provider . ( "Do you want the Legislature to manage your energy costs , or do you want to manage them yourself?" ) They want to give illustrative examples of folks who've switched and how well they're doing . Ray McNally's sister is an extremely enthusiastic Enron customer and is going to contact the Chamber . Be useful to have a business or two , or , UC/CSU . Know it's a long shot , but figured it don't hurt to try .
Available Wednesday but not Tuesday . Happy holiday to all .
Man , there must be a lot of bad hair out your way with that kind of heat .
Hi Gavin: Could you do me a favor ( know you're busy) . Someone told me that there's an article in last Thursday's ? NYT blaming the California fiasco on former California Commissioner Dan Fessler , who was responsible ( a few years back ) for putting in place the structure we have here . Have you seen it ? If so could you forward ? If not , could you try and find it and forward . Very much appreciated . Best , Jeff
Here's an attempt at being frank about the legislation without jeopardizing our relationships or commercial prospects . Overall , we respect the effort , but California failed to get the ball over the goal line: On Siting Intentionally or not , California has designed power plant siting laws that make it excruciatingly difficult to construct power plants in the state . Folks seem to have lost sight of the need to balance growth and environmental quality in California . That's why nothing's been built in the state for a decade and developers are going outside the state to build power plants . Tinkering around the edges won't help; and ( with all due respect ) the legislation passed yesterday tinkers . Real reform is required if California hopes to build the supply necessary to keep pace with Silicon Valley and a high tech culture and tame the price spikes . If developers continue to have to navigate through a maze of a half a dozen--or more--state and local agencies , California's supply problems will continue , or worsen . California needs real , one-stop shopping and it needs it now . On the retail price cap They don't work ( we've already developed all the arguments , so I won't repeat them hear ) The press has already reported that the measure the Legislature passed simply puts off the day of reckoning . It's like using your credit card--eventually they're going to knock on your door to collect . Now , families and businesses will have a hard time managing their budgets because they can't gauge the size of the balloon payment they'll face a couple of years down the road . So San Diegans who continue to take service from SDG&E will pay the same amount , but the cap will remove the powerful incentive prices create to use electricity wisely . There's a better answer: Instead of urging consumers not to switch , encourage customers to sign with another retail provider . Clearly , the biggest mistake California made was The press and decision makers should spend more time talking to folks who signed fixed price deals with companies like Enron . But for the press reports , they hardly know there's a crisis .
Some thoughts on the conference . Best , Jeff
Making it hot for deregulation Gregory Palast The New York Times The News & Observer Raleigh , NC Final ( Copyright 2000 ) PECONIC , N.Y . -- While reporters ogled celebrities at Barbra Streisand's bungalow during the Democratic Convention in Los Angeles , something important was being debated 100 miles to the south in San Diego , where there was a real display of populism . There politicians have enrolled 2 million citizens in a scary economic experiment . This year , San Diego became the first city in California to experience the end of state regulation of electricity prices . When California's lawmakers voted to bring the miracle of market competition to electricity , they wrote into the law that homeowners' bills would fall "by at least 20 percent." In fact , bills jumped 124 percent this August over last . Rather than repudiate this mad market experiment , the federal government and 24 other states have rushed to imitate California's lead . Actually , Californians were lucky . Every hour of every day , San Diego Gas and Electric , the local utility , must now buy its electricity at a state auction known as a power pool . On the first hot day this summer , during the noonday heat , the companies that produce the power , newly deregulated , cranked up their bids to $9,999 per megawatt hour . That's about 5,000 percent more than the once- controlled price of $20 , but it could have been worse . According to those inside the secretive auction agency , sellers assumed the pool's computers could handle only four-digit bids . In fact , the computers could have accepted bids for seven figures and bankrupted a chunk of the state in a day . One can trace California's electricity market plague largely to a single source , Daniel Fessler . In the early 1990s , Fessler , then president of the state's Public Utilities Commission , developed an infatuation with one of Margaret Thatcher's free-market ventures: the troubled England-Wales Power Pool . How strange . Britons pay about 70 percent more for electricity than Americans . That's hardly a surprise , as each day around tea time , when England's usage peaks , a small clique of power plant owners take over the electricity auction , bidding up prices by 200 percent to 2,000 percent . In the United States , utilities vowed they would play no such tricks if California removed the limits on profits that have been at the core of regulation policy for the past 100 years . The promise lasted several months , during which time five giant international electricity sellers - all new to California - imported the techniques they'd learned in Britain that were designed to manipulate the bidding process and in a single month produce profits once permitted for an entire year . The deregulation bug is now winging eastward . New York City , for example , has reportedly succumbed to 43 percent increases in Con Edison bills . But in San Diego , something extraordinary happened . This month , thousands joined an unprecedented consumers' boycott . The power companies can send out their bloated bills , but the tanned masses won't pay . Refuseniks include the Council of Churches , the school district and - without a hint of shame - Steve Peace , the state senator who sponsored the deregulation law . The electricity fiasco should be a godsend for Al Gore's campaign . After all , it was Fessler and his fellow Republicans who threw California's consumers to the meager mercies of the marketplace . And Gov . George W . Bush pushed through deregulation in Texas , which is widely expected produce hefty returns for a former business partner , Sam Wyly , owner of the GreenMountain , a power seller . But while Gore spoke out in Los Angeles against "powerful forces," on this subject he's mum . No wonder: the Clinton-Gore administration still promotes California-style deregulation as a model for the nation . But someone's ready to feel California's pain , and it's not good news for Gore . During the Democrats' big show , Ralph Nader went to San Diego to remind boycotters that he was founding father of the Utility Consumer Action Network , the 46,000-member local group leading the anti-corporate uprising . Electricity is the first big U.S . industry formerly under the tight control of states to be opened up to international operators and their free market rules . For the first time , Americans feel the bite of real globalization , and we don't like it one bit .
did they bite ( i.e. , commerce one) ? i'm very excited . you hear about the announcement this AM re: Ariba/IBM hooking up with Microsoft to create B2B software ?
I'm faxing the final to you .
Could you please set up a conference call and send the information to the list below ? Please set it up for tomorrow , Wednesday , at 9 AM PDT , for one hour . Thank you very much . Mara/SFO/EES@EES , Paul Kaufman/PDX/ECT@ECT Dave Parquet , Samuel
Apologies . Forgot the subject of the meeting . It's "Strategy for California."
I'm available .
Thanks for keeping us in the loop . Good luck .
dome was cool . studied , got some shit cleaned up ( cut up logs , torn down deck , etc.) , picked lots of apples from my trees ! they're so good . made to apple pies with your folks last nite . one's at your house--apples , too . picked some killer huckles--gave them to your mom . dove for abalone---water was HORRIBLE , though . ate it last nite . one in your refrigerator . got killed in the pool . annie ate rat poison , had to drive to S.R . sunday nite; got back about midnight . you know , same ol' shit . you ?
Mary: FYI . Ms Mara's back . Please include her on everything , too . Thanks a million . Best , Jeff
You're welcome . When would you like to talk re: Mr . Bray ? And please give me your number again---I've switched computers and gone to Windows 2000 . What a bloody mess . Best , Jeff
Here it is . And I have JUST been informed that I have to be on a conference call tomorrow from 1-2 . Could we do our call at noon or 2 pm California time ? Sorry for the inconvenience . Best , Jeff
You're a gem .
jackasses ? that might not be a word we'd want to use in emails that might , shall we say , get into unfriendly hands... .
Given that the hearing is Friday , we'll need to decide pretty quickly . Might be useful to discuss on a call first thing tomorrow AM ? We'll want to assure that our message is tracks consistently with message J . Skilling will be delivering this week and with other messages we'llbe delivering ( e.g. , FERC inquiry) . Also , attached are some messages that Jim distributed following a focus group conducted in Orange County .
Greetings: As part of our final tariff filing , we need to submit "sample" forms for things like a Disconnect Notice , Sample Bill and New Service Orders. ? Do we have any ? Have we had to file any elsewhere ? If not , do we want Bowen & Co . to "create" some for us to review , or do we prefer to find the right folks internal to EBS and create them internally ? Make sense to arrange a 15-30 minute call to discuss how to execute ? All opinions , views , etc . are encouraged and welcome . Best , Jeff
Ain't seen the joint resolution , thought my in-box is a mess . Did you send that around ?
Could you please see if you can get a copy ( electronic ) preferably of this ? Greatly appreciated .
done at 9:30 . can you pick me up . i'd love it . check your voicemail , too . i left a message there .
Been out all day . Will get a copy . I believe that Jeff's suspicions are dead on . Given all the investigations regarding electricity "price spikes" in California , seems very likely that Edison feels the timing is right to push the gas issue . Will confirm that it is targeted solely at El Paso and get back to you either way . If there's anything else , just holler . Will keep you apprised of events as they occur . Best , Jeff
I can wait a little bit . But let's coordinate , OK ?
glad to hear that you're back , generalissimo . we will follow you up the hill . seriously , though , you will start seeing/hearing from us quite soon. , e.g. , skilling's at the national press club this thursday .
Hi Darlin': Thanks again for everything last night . All kidding aside , I wish you all the best with your procedure tomorrow . I'll be sending lots of positives vibes your way all day , and I'm sure we'll be up to see you this weekend . Best , Jeff
No duplication . With both of us trying to dig up a copy , we're sure to find one ! Best , Jeff
sorry , your mom kept the huckles .
Will do .
I will check . Good chance that I will be there , too .
Jessie: Steve Kean and I need to be at the following address on the 11th: County Adminstration Center Building , 1600 Pacific Highway in San Diego . Can you recommend a hotel that's near by and tolerable . Much appreciated . Best , Jeff
My pleasure . Sounds like he's got a big job---glad that Enron can help... .
OK .
Getting you the info by the end of the week , or sooner , will not be a problem .
you might want to try using a landline phone , sweetie . only 35 cents . works great .
did you burn the man ? are we having lunch ? are you famous now ?
i love you very much and miss you .
tomorrow is absolutely horrible for me . let's talk in the am . perhaps you and mona , sue and sandi can cover sans moi .
Haven't had a chance to read yet , but wanted to get to folks ASAP .
don't apologize . more interesting when your blood boils .
Jessie Knight , the CEO of the S.D . Chamber of Commerce recommends: Stay at the hotel right here where the Chamber is located . It is one of the best and a 5 minute taxi away for you . It is called the Whyndham ( on Broadway) .
I'm on the phone with Jim now . If you want to contact him , I'd wait 5-10 minutes and give him a call on his cell phone .
floated idea . people like . but.....(hate to sound like a broken record ) the whole ball of wax from Enron's view regarding sponsorship , streaming , etc. , will depend on the agenda/participants) . looking forward to the call . i'll only have 60 minutes max , however , so counting on you to facilitate forcefully .
Lara: I have rather hastily put this list together . For that I apologize . Hope it is helpful . The things on the list are ones that you've likely already considered . Nevertheless , some of the issues we face in California include: 1 . POWER PLANTS The utilities' subs are building power plants; competitors ( like Enron ) are also trying to develop plants to sell power into both wholesale and retail markets . The utilities control the interconnection of plants to the grid . The interconnection rules are currently so vague and ambiguous , that the utility could quite easily favor its generation sub over competitors . This would have an effect on prices at both the wholesale and retail level ( i.e. , how do we know we've gotten the best generation deal if the utility can favor its subs plants via interconnection?) . 2 . DISTRIBUTED GENERATION And the same goes for DG: in California many are pointing to DG as a viable solution to the price spikes . If the utility loses sales because a customer has installed DG on her premises as a hedge against price spikes , the utility will have an incentive to thwart interconnection of the DG unit . ( Recall that in many places , recovery of distribution costs is derived from kwh sales; and if sales go down , so can recovery of the utilities' distribution-related costs) . In addition , if someone attempts to install DG at the grid level ( as opposed to on-site DG ) and sell the DG power in wholesale and retail markets , the utility has the ability to frustrate the DG project via interconnection . This permits the utility to retain bundled service customers . Utility control of DG Interconnection can also permit the utility to favor its DG subs . And the same goes for the retail level---remember how SDG&E used interconnection to thwart our deal with South West Marine in San Diego . ( Obviously , we're not doing these deals any more , but the interconnection caused us ultimately to lose the commodity deal , too. ) 4 . TRADING PG&E and Sempra have developed significant trading units . Now that the utilities have been granted authority to buy outside the PX , the trading subs are getting more aggressive and vocal about the opportunity to sell the utility power via short and long term power contracts . Again , any sort of favoritism could do considerable harm to consumers and competition ( through the shareholders of the utilities' parent would surely profit) . 5 . DISTRIBUTION In general , the utilities control over distribution is complete and it's a problem ( see DG , above , for example) . Shouldn't state and federal policy makers at least consider doing the equivalent of FERC Order 888 ( i.e. , open access ) at the distribution level ? Right now , distribution is a real black box . 6 . RETAIL In California , the utility effectively controls customer sign-up , switching , information , and turn back . The problems have been significant . 7 . MARKET INSTITUTIONS Finally , a big mistake in California was to replace one monopoly--the Because the utility has been forced to buy from the PX , and because the market structure in California gives customers no incentive to switch , the utility continues to control the overwhelming majority of the load in California . This gives the utilities monopsony power . With that power , they can influence PX prices . Solution: 1 ) Don't make the PX a monopoly . 2 ) Create a system that provides customers with the incentive to switch . If you have any questions , or if there's anything else I can do to help , don't hesitate . Best , Jeff
Plz see email . Sent you info for u & Rick . Best , Jeff
Hi Kevin: Got your message . I will be at the FERC hearing on Tuesday . You like me to fill you in on what transpires ? Best , Jeff
in conf . call hell . can i fax for your review ?
on its way . plz review and call . best , jeff
i expected as much . and lunch ?
off that call and on another . will call your cell soon as this one's done .
will that's some good news . thanks .
Sue Mara called from the ISO: The Market Issues Committee rejected lowering the price cap from $250 . The Market Issues Committe of the Board voted to extend the ISO price cap authority beyond October 15th , with no end date . ISO Board will vote on these issues tomorrow . 75% chance that the ISO Board will adopt the Issues Committe's recommendations .
pleasure's all mine . anything else i can do , just holler .
EBS Update Congressional and FERC hearings in S.D . next week Gas Update
As you know , I have great interest . However , I've checked flight schedules to come out Tuesday night , and to put it mildly , it's very ugly . Seems like alot to arrive in D.C . around 3 AM only to turn around and head back to the left coast the next day at 3-4 PM . But I think the meeting should go ahead and take place anyway . Is there any chance that Lisa could get a phone in your meeting room so that I could participate by conference call ? Sorry for the headache . Let me know . Thanks again for the chat this PM . Best , Jeff
Great food for thought . Thanks . My only concern is timing . Likely to be spending the balance of the week ( tomorrow and Friday ) on prep for the FERC/House subcomittee hearings . We can discuss further on the staff meeting call tomorrow .
FYI . Under the settlement with SoCal , PG&E and countless others , Altra was going to provide the platform for the ( unregulated ) secondary markets in intrastate storage , capacity and imbalance trading rights . Altra declined and SoCal and PG&E will now look for someone else to provide the service .
Dear Ms Leisure: If you're still tanning , and still up for lunch , I'm game . Besides , I owe you a beer . Let me know . Don't work too hard , Best , Jeff
ferget it . i'm just as swamped . i don't care if you've got a goddamed boyfriend and a busy job . friday we're having coffee . for 30 rotten minutes . you name the place and the time . hugs and kisses ,
Thanks , Sue . Agreed . Also , I met today with Bowen & Co . re: interconnection . We have some decisions to make on that front , too , which will also require a bit of discussion . Tracy , I'm sure that Scott's in Istanbul and Donald's in Marrakesh . Could you try to track those two broadband cowboys down and see if we can set up a conference call for next Wedneday ( hopefully , that's ample lead time) ? Finally , the draft final tariff ( in strike-out-underline form ) will be ready for review by COB Friday . I'll email it around . Hope all is well with all . Best , Jeff
Please keep the following confidential . Jessie Knight called . Here's the latest . Seems the Chamber of Commerce is going to launch a campaign with the following messages: 1 ) Deregulation must go forward , not back . 2 ) The transition will continue to be a bit bumpy . 3 ) The best option businesses and families have is to switch to an alternative service provider . The Chamber has cut deals with ESPs ( I didn't get all the details , but sounds like an exclusive ) according to which the Chamber will aggregate customers and deliver them to the ESPs . I believe that The New Power Company will be one of those ESPs . Ray McNally's sister , who is one of our very satisfied rez customers in S.D. , will appear at the press conference with the Chamber to announce the program . They are attempting to launch the program and have the press conference this week . The Chamber is also launching a program to educate S.D . politicians and business leaders on the benefits of retail choice and how to benefit from it . The Chamber is still looking for a business customer to appear with them at the press conference .
just goe your email . all go well ? 415.782.7822 .
Thanks . We're on the same page . Already notified folks . But given the witch hunt , figured we'd sit back and let things run their course .
can you give me a call when you get a minute---415.782.7822 . Thanks a bunch .
Paul and Lysa: I want to apologize in advance . It now seems that FERC has realized that it has a biz meeting in D.C . on the 13th , which makes having a meeting in San Diego on the 12th somewhat difficult . So , if FERC changes the date ( again ) and pushes the meeting back , I'll go to S.D . on the 11th to see Steve Kean testify and fly to D.C . on the evening of the 11th or morning of the 12th and attend Paul's meeting in person . If they don't change the date and it stays on the 12th , I won't go to D.C . and will participate in Paul's meeting on the 12th in D.C . by phone . I'll let you know what FERC decides , when it decides it . Exasperatedly yours , Jeff
Looks good . I vote yes .
would seem useful if we all contribute in some manner , but i'm open to suggestions . perhaps we could divvy up the questions .
I'll be in S.D . on Monday to watch . What time do you go on ?
Ariba Hits Some Speed Bumps on the Fast-Growth Highway By Joe Bousquin Staff Reporter 9/7/00 3:21 PM ET URL: SAN FRANCISCO -- In a sign that the business-to-business software game is tough even when you're on top , Ariba ( ARBA:Nasdaq ) has been running into problems this summer , both at home and abroad . Ariba told analysts and investors at a private breakout session here Tuesday at the Robertson Stephens Internet Conference that its business in Europe this summer has been "soft," according to Eric Upin , an analyst at the firm . And at home , analysts are starting to talk about problems the company has had integrating its Tradex software into its own and customers' systems . An Ariba spokeswoman didn't immediately return a call seeking a comment . The challenges Ariba is facing illustrate how difficult it can be to stay ahead of the game in an emerging industry , even for one of its most aggressive leaders . And they come at a time when its main competitor , Commerce One ( CMRC:Nasdaq) , is gaining momentum in key markets -- including Europe -- through its partnership with German software maker SAP ( SAP:NYSE ADR) . Upin , who rates Ariba a buy and lists the company as one of his top B2B picks , says the new concerns have to be taken in context . ( His firm hasn't performed underwriting for the company. ) "Ariba's just getting ramped up in Europe , and Europe's slow during the summer . It's a tiny part of their business," Upin said . "But there was concern because Ariba was saying that business was soft [in Europe] in August." That concern has been reflected in Ariba's stock , which is trading just under $162 , off from its Sept . 1 close of $166.25 . It fell 6.1% Wednesday after the breakout session , though it's up about 3% Thursday . With the stock trading at more than 70 times next year's projected sales , it's priced to perfection . Ariba's softness in Europe comes at a time when Commerce One has been making strides there . Its partnership with SAP has resulted in six new customers so far . Commerce One also announced a joint marketing and sales alliance with Intershop , another German software maker , on Thursday . At home , Ariba has been encountering problems in integrating its Tradex software , which enables users to participate in auctions over the Internet , into its customers' systems , as well as into its own software platform . Ian Toll , an analyst at Credit Suisse First Boston , says those problems shouldn't be viewed as too much of an impediment for Ariba . But they do illustrate the complexities of building software that is designed to do everything from manage back-office accounting systems to trade real-time with outside partners . "Implementation has certainly been a concern with Tradex," Toll said . "Certain Tradex customers have highlighted what appear to be longer time lines than they had hoped for . But I think that's true across competing vendors as well." ( Toll rates Ariba a buy , and his firm hasn't done underwriting for the company. ) While Ariba issued a news release Thursday crowing about how drugstore operator CVS ( CVS:NYSE ) recently went live on its Ariba Buyer software in just 60 days , observers say that getting Tradex installed and working is taking closer to six months . In the hard-charging world of B2B , that's an eternity . Ariba completed its acquisition of Tradex in March . Ariba has hailed the acquisition as one that gives it best-of-breed auction capability , which it would integrate into its own suite of software products . But competitors , most notably Oracle ( ORCL:Nasdaq) , pooh-poohed the deal , saying that stringing together complex technologies through acquisitions is easier said than done . And in its most recent quarterly results release , when it reported record revenue of $80.7 million that was backed up by $153 million in deferred revenue , the company cautioned that integration of Tradex could be a stumbling point . In the release's boilerplate section that noted that actual results could differ from projections , Ariba said those differences could result from , among other things , "difficulties in assimilating companies recently acquired , including Tradex." Despite the problems , though , analysts are still positive on the company . "Ariba could be the next Oracle," Robbie Stephens' Upin said . "And there were quarters when Oracle promised and didn't deliver or it missed altogether . But even for an Ariba , there will be those bumps along the road." But as competition increases in the B2B sector , those bumps are getting more pronounced .
Looks like I won't be going to Washington , but I will participate in the strategy meeting by phone on the 12th .
Folks: My apologies in advance if I vent somewhat . Briefly , some of you know that I attended Berkeley's Policy School . I have been very closely involved with the conference Severin describes in his note to Littlechild . I have been working to try to establish a joint venture between the policy and business schools at Berkeley to hold an "energy summit," where national and international energy leaders would converge on California ( under the auspices of UC Berkeley ) to talk energy policy . Jim Steffes has helped a lot in brainstorming the idea . In short, , our goal was to have a group of prominent folks squarely refute the extremely retrograde notions of "turn the clock back" that the Governor of California's two most recent appointees have been articulating at every opportunity over the past several months , and re-seize the agenda in California . The "energy heads of state" at the summit would come up with solutions for going forward . The concept ( and invitees ) that Severin describes is loosely based on proposals I have made to the "steering committee." However , for reasons I won't bore you with in this note , the effort has frankly turned into a fiasco . I notified the group this week that Enron would not be participating , that they should go forward with the conference without us , and that I would help somewhat ( contacts , etc. ) when ( and if ) they ever came to agreement on the agenda and particpants . From my perspective , the effort turned out to be a rather big disappointment . I urge us not to get involved or contribute $$s . At this juncture I would recommend against having Ken Lay participate . Depending on how the thing shapes up , we may or may not want to have someone at a substantially lower level participate , but I'm pessimistic at this point . If anyone would like to discuss my reasons in more detail , I'd be happy to discuss . I still think the idea of an energy summit is very promising . But the forum that these folks are creating ain't the right one . Best , Jeff
Rick: Thanks very much .
Thanks very much .
Thanks , Cynthia . Extreme rhetoric likely from Ms Lynch , CPUC Prez , UCAN and Sempra chief ( Steve Baum) . Rest of panel looking pretty good . Might be useful to let Smutney do at least the lion's share of the "responding" to Ms Lynch's and Mr . Baum's rabid attacks on generators . Smutney's had a lot of practice in the last couple of months and he's close to the issue . But , of course , a few well placed jabs , couldn't hurt... .
I do plan on accompanying Steve . Steve , you want me to bring the copies . Be glad to . What time does the party start ?
Attached are the draft message points . As always , all comments , suggestions , etc . are encouraged and welcome . I have five minutes . Consequently , based on what other panelists say , and general tenor of the hearing , may end up emphasizing some points more and others less in opening , and use any Q & A to round things out . Joe/Mary: any final word on format/participants ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
Do we know what time the party starts ?
i'll call my folks right now .
just remembered that my folks are in connecticutt . if you want to go to the game , i'll go with you . can you call me ( from a land line phone) ?
Hi . I'm going to forward you a bunch of stuff , starting with this . Hope you and yours are doing well . Best , Jeff
Monday--S.D . at congressional hearing w/S . Kean Tuesday--S.D . appearing at FERC hearing Wed--In office Thur--In office--Meeting with LECG re: study on competition v . command and control Frid--In office
Greetings folks . We should decide how we want to handle . One thing I'm not clear on and that I couldn't find in the syllabus is , what's the format for the write up ? If we're called on to discuss , do we simply discuss orally , some sort of simplistic PP slides , spreadsheets , other ? Anyway to discuss between now and Monday , or do we want to just take Dylan up on his offer ? Best , Jeff
If there's other stuff you need , or if you'd like to discuss , don't hesitate . Best , Jeff
Greetings . Kim's stuff looks pretty good to me . There's a pretty high likelihood though that I won't be in class Monday or Tuesday either . That means I can't turn in whatever it is we're turning in tomorrow ( if I sound clueless , it might be because he ran out of handouts in the first class describing how the cases would work , and there's nothing posted on the site--apologies) . I can do the write-up for next week .
Thanks , Dylan . In the event I can't make to either class , I'm available Wed and Thur evening to discuss the next case . And as I mentioned , I'd be happy to write that one up . Best , Jeff
Thanks very much . Now I just need to get the workspace view I had before you had to re-install notes . Best , Jeff
I think the answer to #1 is: as much as possible , but I'm not altogether certain--pretty sure that our preference would be to use our own internal construction folks as much as possible . Answer to #2 would be very interesting; I don't know the answer , but I'm sure that it's tightly linked to the answer to #1 . I think you might want to start with Shelly Corman to find the right contact for the pipeline constructions . I leave for S.D . tonite . I'll give you updates as the day transpires tomorrow . Best , Jeff
Didn't receive your attachements . Only got the ones Kim had already sent . Did you just modify those , or create a new document ?
I'd say , "What next?" , but I'm afraid to ask... . Regarding our California strategy , preventing the merger would seem to be right up there with "end the price caps" in our list of priorities . At today's FERC hearing , a hair-brained consumer advocate called for merging the PX and the ISO . During the panel I was on , I made the point that a merger would make California's problems worse than they are today . The FERC Commissioners seemed somewhat responsive to my concerns . P.S . After the panel , Heber lobbied me hard to support transcos . DJ Freeman Sees Cal/ISO , PX Merger , Lower Price Cap Copyright ,  2000 Dow Jones & Company , Inc . By Jason Leopold SAN DIEGO ( Dow Jones ) -- David Freeman , seen a likely replacement for Marcie Edwards on the board of governors of the California Independent System Operator , said his first order of business would be to try and merge the ISO and the California Power Exchange . Edwards resigned her post on the ISO Thursday . An informal consensus among the board has already approved his membership . Freeman told Dow Jones Newswires that the $250 per megawatthour wholesale power price cap in California is too high , and that he would like to see it reduced below $100/MWh . "I think my role ( on the board ) will help the state solve it's serious generation shortage problem," Freeman said . Some market participants said Freeman is expected to run for chair of the ISO's board of governors , a seat currently held by Jan Smutny-Jones . The Los Angeles Department of Water and Power has this summer been able to sell the ISO power in the real time market , and make a great profit for itself in return . By Jason Leopold ( 323)658-3874 .
Apologies . I invariably leave someone of the damned list .
Jim: After today's hearing , I think you're note is dead on . Let's talk . I'm in the office tomorrow . Miss seeing you all in D.C . Best , Jeff
Hey darlin' . How are you ? Bet NYC is mighty nice this time of year . Hope to get there real soon . Best to you and your better half , Jeff
Can we talk before you bring it up with SoCal ? Very interesting about Herr Cherry . Hadn't heard . I'm coming out soon to see you guys .
It would be great to get Bryson .
sit tight .
I don't have the name of the CFO at Sempra , though I'm sure he's on their website . If not , let me know .
Thanks , Jim . We'll monitor . Best , Jeff
Thanks , Ron . Greatly appreciated . For my part , please feel free to forward along any articles . Best , Jeff
FYI . Kahn's heading up the "power plant streamlining" task force . At yesterday's FERC hearing , Mike was put in the position of reading word for word a statement by the governor ( even had to read it in the first person) . Awkward to say the least . And Mike wasn't prepared at all to answer the questions he got on the statement from the FERC commissioners , particularly from Heber . "I don't know" came up a lot .
Never mentioned the CFO . Let's discuss further . I can get you in .
FYI . Please take a look . I would not be inclined to sign the letter . Thoughts ? Best , Jeff
See page 46 of the PDF file , Article 10 "nonutility power providers." that's where sec . 390 is .
Not a problem , Jimmie . About this week's case . Been travelling . I'm back . Kim: in your absence on Monday , we talked a little about how to proceed on the next case . How's this sound: everyone takes a question . If the answer to one question depends on the answer to another , the folks doing those questions should get together and discuss . Everyone should distribute to the team a draft of the answer to the question by tomorrow ( Thursday ) night . Then folks could look at the responses , make suggestions , comments , etc . and distribute via email by Noon on Saturday . I'll then compile in a form that we can submit on Monday . Thoughts ? I have randomly selected questions: here are the results . Jeff--#3; Jimmie--#1; Kim--#2; Dylan--#4 . If folks are comfortable with this distribution , let me know . Best , Jeff
Looks good . Couple of proposed edits .
Forgive the length , but it was a long couple of days . Apologies in advance , since I'm sure I've missed something . Hopefully , it hits the highlights and gives a good flavor . Please foreward to anyone I've inadvertently missed . Don't hesitate to contact me if you have any questions . Best , Jeff
Thanks for the update . Just want to add that 1 ) if we're uneasy about wearing the full requirements risk , then focusing on offering a purely wholesale deal can still be very attractive , given SDG&E's blunders w.r.t . procurment wholesale power on behalf of its customers . And 2 ) the CPUC has been beat up pretty well for tying the IOUs hands in attempting to hedge , so they'll be subject to a considerable amount of pressure to pre-approve if a deal is offered that can be show to shield San Diegans from volatility and that looks"attractive." Appreciate being kept in the loop on the details . Thanks . Best , Jeff
Thanks .
plz call when you can . thanks , jeff 415.782.7822 .
The CPUC can do it it it wants---it's a decision about risk and reward . If the CPUC wants to set up a mechanism by which pre-approval is permitted , it can do so . Here's the catch , pre-approval means that the IOU has to be willing ( generally ) to accept a bit more risk . They don't like that . The CPUC has to be willing to relinquish a bit of control---this Commission definitely doesn't like that idea . So often , the utility puts up a proposal that the Commission says places to much risk with granny . The CPUC often issues a decision in response that the utility claims leaves to much control ( read "second-guessing" ) with the Commission ( and therefore leaves to much risk with the utility) . In the end , the utility often "declines" the Commission's offer . However , it can be done . For example , under California's restructuring law , the utility's purchases from the PX are just and reasonable , period . ( Of course , we see where the incentive built into that mechanism got us--a debacle. ) Do you have PG&E's and Edison's proposals filed regarding bilaterals some weeks ago , in which they propose certain pre-approval mechanisms ? The Commission didn't adopt them wholesale , and the decision has made PG&E and Edison reticent to sign any such as a result---witness the unfruitful RFPs . This at all helpful ?
Honey , I really want to come , but my homework is due to my group tonite and I haven't even started it . I love you tons and hope you understand . Please call your mom . She was a pain on the phone today , saying there's no need to remove the stumps at the dome . Jeff's willing to do ALL THREE for $350 . It's just ridiculous and I am having a hard time haggling anymore . I love you tons . And if you want to talk more about dinner , please call me . I'm sorry , but there's just too darned much to do . ( I think my cold's getting worse , not better . : (
thanks very much for the info . certainly makes it interesting . how's things ? P.S . do you know that edison at the FERC hearing said that it hedged $30MM and made a whopping $415 MM!! ! Are they gouging San Diegans ? Are they "gaming" the system ? Inquiring minds want to know . You may want to check in with Smutney when Edison made the statement . There may be nothing to it , but it might be interesting to check into . Is Edison one of those "profiteers" who ought to give San Diegans a refund ?
10 AM works for me .
Needs to know before your parents leave for Mexico , which is tomorrow , unfortunately . I guess I'll be at my house . You want to stay there , or you want to stay at your place ? Either way's OK with me .
FYI . In case you're interested .
Who are John and Kittina ? Who are the others you've invited ? What's the occasion ? When's your anniversary ? Why is there a foie gras shortage ?
Good points , Chris , and well taken . The PUC Commisisoners took some heat for their heavy-handed approach at hearings held by Congress on Monday and FERC on Tuesday . I think those hearings may have loosened things the Commission up at least somewhat , though finding a balance between Commission willingness to grant pre-approval and utility willingness to wear some risk in exchange won't be a cakewalk . We need to remind the Commission that they gave 100 % pre-approved reasonableness for purchases from the PX , and that pre-approval for other purchases is necessary . That said , I concur that it ain't a gimmee . Best , Jeff
Not a problem . the schedule was only a suggestion . work it in when you can . and if you get totally fried , just say so , and we can take on the question .
i love you . thanks for being so sweet .
How long you going for ? I'm jealous .
Thanks . The hearings were tiresome , but hanging out with you and Steve was a real treat . Hope to do it again soon . You probably noticed that , in my summary , I made no mention of the shoes that I was wearing.... . Best , Jeff
now i'm really jealous . let me see what i can muster up for you on tuscany . o , jealous am I .
can you talk to sandi ? she's on vacation beginning on monday . the idea wathat she and i should get together before she left ( based on the call we hawhere Rick and Paul put the ball in my and sandi's court to coordinate thestrategy) . she suggested that it would also be a good idea to grab whoeverwas here tomorrow , too . it's really just a prelim meeting to discuss thenote that sandi sent around and for me to bounce a few ideas off of her . we'll be having many , many more , and nothing discussed in tomorrow's "kickoff" will set anything in stone . that said , if you prefer that we wait , that's ok with me .
thanks .
PG&E's $2 Billion Power Grab We've been gulled by our greedy utility Ken Garcia , 2000 San Francisco Chronicle URL: SAN FRANCISC -- The executives at Pacific Gas and Electric Co . sure try hard to live up to their name , because I can't think of any company that has been more adept at giving consumers a jolt . The doyens of greed that rule over the California utility giant recently revealed that they hope to pass on to customers more than $2 billion in expenses -- ``unforeseen costs'' in the euphemistic view of the power company , but unjustifiable rate increases to those of us residing in real world . The consumer-soaking surge is apparently based on PG&E's inability to predict a rise in wholesale electricity prices , which is costing the company about $700 million a month . Yet , as usual , the utility giant wants us to forget all past promises and obligations , a favorite technique of energy merchants who see rate increases as something that can be turned on with the flick of a switch . Lest anyone forget , a utility rate increase is exactly what California's customers were told they would not get as a result of a deregulated power market , which was supposed to lower -- not raise -- energy bills because of an expected increase in competition . It shouldn't come as a surprise that our friends at PG&E were among the prime architects of the state's deregulation policy , which they now want to bend in their financial favor . This is known as having your cake and ( billing ) Edith too , because certainly she and her fellow customers wouldn't want the utility company's stock to fall . Now , I realize PG&E has been prone to blackouts over the years , but just because it doesn't like the deal it forged and signed a few years back , doesn't mean that its customers should be forced to pay for its lapses in judgment . If you want to dance , you have to pay the fiddler -- even if it turns out to be Nero and the electrical lines are burning . ``It should be PG&E that eats the costs because they made the initial promise that rates would go down,'' Dan Jacobson of the California Public Interest Research Group told The Chronicle the other day . And he's right , even if the state Public Utilities Commission once again buckles under and decides to give PG&E a break it doesn't deserve . While PG&E CEO Robert Glynn was trying to assuage analysts on Wall Street this week that the soaring electricity rates would indeed be passed on to customers , The Chronicle revealed that the state Board of Equalization has quietly been granting utilities and giant corporations billions of dollars in tax breaks . Despite a booming economy , the state agency has inexplicably reduced the property tax assessments of PG&E , Pacific Bell and others to the tune of $5.3 billion in the past year alone . That's a lot of lost kilowatts and phone calls that could be used by California residents . But in the world of utilities , it's always best to leave the consumer in the dark . In effect , the equalization board is improperly granting huge tax breaks to companies worth billions , at the same time its assessments on homes and small commercial properties are skyrocketing . And if you think something smells a little rotten here -- well , it may just be the smoke rising from a lot of consumers' ears . You don't have to look far to see why officials at PG&E are feeling a little desperate in their attempts to pass along their rising costs to consumers as quickly as possible . Because the faster they can do it , the faster customers might forget that PG&E had asked the PUC for an $800 million rate increase earlier this year to help keep the lights in the corporate tower burning . The utility was granted a $450 million increase , even though an administrative law judge found that the company needed only half that amount to meet its expenses . But what's a few hundred million between friends ? Yet the funny part is , PG&E officials said that rate increase would actually lower our gas and electric bills , an event that happens on our shores about as often as a tsunami . This energy-defying trick , which I first questioned in February , would take place , we were told , because of cost savings within the utility giant's other divisions . Yet if they were making more money , why did PG&E need the PUC to give it close to a half billion in bill increases ? Well , the answer is that it would appear there are quite a few dim bulbs making decisions about California's energy market , and Gov . Gray Davis hasn't seen fit to replace them . So don't be shocked if PG&E again gets its way , and once again customers are ``serviced'' by state regulators to the tune of hundreds of millions in rate increases , no matter how unfair or undeserved . PG&E said it would foot the bill when it pushed for deregulation , and now that it's taking a huge hit for past decisions , it wants to pass the buck . It takes time to build up a reputation for Power , Greed & Excess . Energy companies , after all , are anything but utilitarian . You can reach Ken Garcia at ( 415 ) 777-7152 , fax him at ( 415 ) 896-1107 , or send him an e-mail note at kgarcia@sfchronicle.com . , 2000 San Francisco Chronicle ?  Page?A17
FYI .
will do .
don't know . check out the website , which is where registration is . there's lots on B2B , e.g. , biz models/technologies . i registered . if i win the lottery you can likely persuade me to give you my ticket , or i can try to get one from someone who wins but can't go , or hopefully you can register and win one for yourself . check out the site .
We're in the process of developing a strategy to take us through the next few months . But while the ( otherwise perishable ) thoughts are still fresh in my mind from the hearings on Monday and Tuesday , I wanted to throw out some observations for discussion in the days/weeks ahead . OBSERVATION--The pressure to finger somebody for "price gouging" is increasing . The administration is hell bent on finding a "fall guy." The price spikes pose real political risks for Davis and he and his folks need and want an easy way out . His press release following the hearing renewed the call for "refunds." On my panel , Loretta Lynch asked Reliant and Duke to supply her with the details of the contracts they cut to sell their power forward to marketers . And Carl Wood's remarks were extreme . At the Barton hearing , a liberal democrat ( Filner ) and a conservative Republican ( Hunter ) locked arms in calling for refunds . Bilbray joined the "gouging" band wagon . The utilities repeatedly called on FERC to do a "real" investigation , with hearings , testimony , data discovery---the works . On the positive side , the FERC commissioners lauded Wolak , his analysis , and his remarks on the panel . Wolak said somewhat emphatically that the nature of California's market structure makes it impossible to single out a single participant as the culprit . He also stated that just everyone's just acting in their own self-interest , responding to the screwed incentives embedded in the structure . IMPLICATION--It seems prudent for Enron to understand better its risks of getting fingered . In the best case , the clamoring for a "refund" subsides . In which case , the only cost to Enron is the internal cost incurred to understand better the risks of getting fingered . In the medium case , investigations find that Enron ( like others ) "played by the rules," but the rules stunk , and Enron profited at the expense of California consumers .
Needless to say , given the Governor's press release , I'm a little concerned about what he might want . Carl Wood and Loretta Lynch were truly abominable at the FERC hearing . Fortunately , FERC ( all 4 Commissioners ) really beat up on the them . I'm convinced that FERC feels that they must do something between now and November and that if we ever had a chance to get them to be bold ( understanding that "bold" ain't exactly in Hoecker's play book) , now's the chance . Thanks for the giving Heber the straight dope . He was very gracious throughout , but after the panel he ( very jokingly ) ribbed me pretty well , saying , "Jeff , I let you off the hook . I was going to ask you how in the hell you ever let California turn into such a mess." I told him that we were exercising Herculean restraint in not making lengthy "I told you so" statements . Best , Jeff
Well , I was clearly too ambitious in setting out the schedule . My apologies . I managed to trudge through the reading and the document last night , but didn't not get to answering the question . I appears that this will be a busy weekend . I've a feeling that I won't get my proposed answer to folks until Saturday afternoon for your review . If that poses a problem for anyone , please let me know . I still intend to be the compiler of wisdom , so folks should feel free to distribute when they've got something drafted . Best , Jeff
My apologies , but as you can imagine , California's little crisis has me a bit preoccupied . Would love to know what comes out of the meeting , though . Best , Jeff
I understand that we may have no choice in the matter , but having wtinessed Loretta Lynch's inability to define market power when asked to do so by Joe Barton last Monday , and , having heard Carl Wood declare war on capitalism at FERC's hearing on Tuesday , and , knowing that the likes of Harvey Morse ( PUC FERC attorney) , who has never come down on the side of "no market power here" in any analysis , is "heading up" the PUC investigation , and seeing Gov Davis' press releases demanding refunds from the faceless , out-of-state suppliers I'm , well , maybe a little nervous about them getting their paws on our data . Jeff
Thanks for the offer Ms Kupiecki , but since you carried so much of the weight last case , I feel obliged to compile this time round .
It works !
in office mon , tues , wed . perhaps houston thur/fri .
Sorry . They're on their way . ( P.S . It's Kean , not Kane. ) And I like to discuss further the points you were making on the call . They were good ones . I just didn't want to get hung up on them during that conference call . Best , Jeff
1 ) Since I'm coming , I'll likely stay a couple of days , if there's still an open seat available on the floor . 2 ) I can get a plane that arrives at Intercontinental at 12:20 . Can I catch a cab and get to the Woodlands by 1 ? Otherwise , I'll come out the night before . Best , Jeff
Thanks . See you then . Hope it turns out that your guts are in good order . I'm feeling like I could use a transplant myself . Best , Jeff
you STILL there? !
Mike: Here's the memo on PX-based pricing for QFs that we discussed . If you have any questions , don't hestitate to get in touch . Best , Jeff
Run ! While there's still time . And get on the call with Paul . It starts in 1 minute . Hi . How's things ? Long time no see .
yes , too busy . very disappointed that i didn't get to see everyone . hope all is well .
Thanks so much for the info . This is very useful . I will try to make the next meeting . Hopefully the crisis out here will be over by then . How would you structure it differently next time ? Best , Jeff Enron Energy Services
Congratulation , Pat . And the very best of luck . See you soon . Best , Jeff
give a call . 415.782.7822 .
Got it . Thanks . I'll be sending mine around later this afternoon . Best , Jeff
Greetings . Looks like our questions ( 2&3 ) are linked . You around to chat for a couple of minutes ? I'll likely eyeball the numbers to see what cash gives in order to answer #3 . Let me know . Hope all's well . Best , Jeff
one other thing . what's your home number ?
Here's my cut at #3 . I haven't had the benefit of Kim's answer , but made some assumptions and took a shot . Likely to doctor it up a bit , but wanted to find out if folks are in agreement or if you think I've lost my mind . Let me know . #3 is somewhat at the heart of the questions , so I want to make sure that I get your feedback . And my apologies for not having gotten you something sooner . Be on the look out , there is a cold going around that really kicked my butt over the last week . Best , Jeff
rams = 15 ( last man standing )
Greetings . Here's the case with 1,3 and 4 compiled . I took some editorial license with 1 and 4--hope I didn't butcher what you were conveying Jimmie and Dylan . Check it out . Still need to determine if folks are comfortable with my conclusion in #3 , i.e. , look , the biz model and the info provided in the 10K may be crap , but from a strictly technical perspective , Patten's justified in using the sales as opposed to the installment method . Let me know . Kim's up and running on #2 . Best , Jeff
check it out . i've taken a stab at compiling 1 , 3 and 4 . folks comfortable with my conclusion regarding sales v . installment method ? best , Jeff
i'm in mendocino: number's 707.884.4608 if you need to chat . best ,
Hey , nice spreadsheet . Two minor questions: 1 ) Isn't the provision for taxes on the income statement actually the taxes on the 'income' they made from using the sales method ( equal to 46%) , rather than what they pay will actually pay the IRS under the installment method ? I think the notes show how instead of paying the 4.1$ based on their recognized income , they pay some itty bitty amount based on installment . If so , I think they actually get a 46% tax break on the 1 million and change that they lose using a cash basis . Still a loss , just not so big . Anyway , I'm not sure if I'm thinking straight on this , but that's how I read the numbers . 2 ) Does the balance sheet have to change a little ? For example , does shareholder equity change since the income that goes to retained earnings is now a loss , rather than a gain ? Also , if revenue is recognized on a cash basis and is now much smaller , there needs to be another liability to equal out the decrease in revenues with the still large notes receivables on the asset side ( as you note in the answer the notes recievables stays the same) . Seems like they might need a liability like "deferred profits" or some such thing , such that the ["deferred profits" + revenues ( recognized on cash basis)] = notes receivables . Anyway , I may not have this right , but thought I'd bring it up to see what you think . Best , Jeff
No , I don't think I'd make a better accountant . But I did ask a few questions of my accountant brother-in-law . You did a great job . I don't know how much time I'll have , but I'll see if I can throw in a bit of text and raise the issues . See you tonite .
Hi: Hope you had a nice weekend . Sorry I missed you all in Washington . Rick's asked me to attend the meeting at the Woodlands tomorrow . Do we have a list of attendants/agenda ? No big deal , but would help me in preparing for the meeting . I'm assuming that the meeting takes place tomorrow only ? I'm staying through Wednesday , nonetheless , and have booked a room at the Lancaster . But if the meeting's going to continue through Wed , I was wondering if I should be staying at the Woodlands . Thanks ( as always ) for you help . Signed , Clueless
My understanding is that PG&E is in active talks to cut a deal with legislators and the Governor , but I have no details . Mona , does it make sense to have S . Govenor poke around is Sacramento to see what he can find out ?
Immensely helpful . Thanks so much . That's all I'll need . FYI . My plane lands at 12:20 and I'll be going directly to the Woodlands . Oh , one thing . If you could get info to Joseph on where the Woodlands is and where I need to go once I arrive there , I'd be eternally indebted . Best , Jeff
Rick called and asked me to sit in on a meeting on enegy issues that he's having tomorrow in Houston . Wants me to bring to the table information on gas issues , particularly in light of the SoCalGas settlement here in California . I'll be leaving at the crack of dawn tomorrow monring and will be in Houston on Tuesday/Wednesday and back in the office on Thursday .
Agreed 100%--call me an engineer .
Our signature should not be on the letter . I'll check and see . I didn't hear back from anyone but you .
Will do .
Sandi's on vacation this week . There are rumors that PG&E's actively seeking a negotiated solution with legislators and the Governor , but I can't verify and don't have details on what the negotiated agreement might look like . While's Sandi's away , have asked Mona to check in with our Sacramento lobbyists to poke around for information . Will report back soon as we get more info .
Thank you very much .
Holy moly and hee haw , how the heck are ya , and what are you up to ?
1 ) In Nancy's absence , I'd thought I'd keep the interesting-quotes-sharing-practice alive . This one's from John Waters in the NYT: "Show me a kid who's not sneaking into R-rated movies and I'll show you a failure . All the future CEO's of this country are sneaking into R-rated movies." 2 ) Cameron , you are a football pool GENIUS !
Oops . I forgot to plug your phone back in after I used my computer this morning . Sorry . Could you call me when you get a chance ?
Some EES folks just popped into my office and asked me to pop into their meeting , which starts at noon . I'm not sure precisely what the meeting's about , but Mona I noticed you've got it on your weekly schedule . How do you want to handle ? I'd be happy to pop in at noon for the meet and greet part , but likely need to leave in order to work on the draft strategy---Paul wants me to distribute whatever I've got done by COB today , which I think is a good idea .
Hey , groom-to-be , what happened ? So sorry I missed you . The buzz about B . Cherry going to PG&E is starting to get louder . Hope all's well . Best , Jeff
Greetings ! Couple of things . 1 ) From the notes flying around , it looks like the "word-smithing" of the letter to the Governor continues . We think you folks are doing exactly the right thing in sending a letter . We intend to play an energetic and constructive role in the months ahead to help California come up with solutions that make competition work for everyone . But for a variety of reasons I won't bore you with in this email , we're going to decline signing the letter . If you'd like to discuss , feel free to give me a call at 2 ) When's the next meeting , and when's the "annual retreat?" All the best , Jeff
OK , the powers that be have phoned . I am to be there tomorrow and Wed . Tomorrow I'm huddle at the Woodlands all day . But Wednesday I'll be in the office . Perhaps coffee or lunch ? Could you forward to the lovely Ms Scott , since every time I type her name in , I get someone from ECT . Can't wait to hear more about Herr Cherr-y . Best , Jeff
I don't know if they have the authority , and I could be wrong , but this looks like an obvious set up by the administration . Hold up a report from your auditor that sez , "it makes now sense to have the two separate , Poolco is the only way to go , and they must be merged." Then legislation is launched , on the basis of the auditor's recommendation , to merge the PX and the ISO in California . Looks like an audit whose message we'll want to pre-empt well in advance of the report going public .
It's rough , but Paul and I concluded that , since I'll be in Houston , best that I send out whatever I have by COB today . I will be working on this more on the plane on my way to Houston . Now we have Sandi's , Paul's and this , all of which I think are headed in the same direction and complement one another . We'll need to meld them . Please look at all 3 at the same time . Might be useful to begin an email conversation now with folks comments . I'm reachable and will be back in the office on Thursday . Best , Jeff
This is Kathy Franz w/Win2K Desktop Support . I have copied the names and journal.nsf files for Jeff Dasovich to the appropriate locations on the server . They are ready to be copied up to EESHOU-LN1 . Thanks , Kathy Franz 713-327-4709 ( pager ) P.S . Please do this ASAP as customer is scheduled to leave at 4pm today .
you never need to ask . you can always use me as a reference . what's it for ?
Be happy to discuss . My preference would be to have a brief call to discuss , since Mr . Filner is on a mission to tan a few hides over the price spikes in S.D . At congressional and FERC hearings in S.D . last week , Mr . Filner called generators and marketers quite a few ugly names , fingered them as the cause for the high prices , and demanded that Congress and FERC make them give all the money back to S.D . consumers . Fairly sensitive item , to put it mildly . I'm at 415.782.7822 . Best , Jeff
talked to mike h . problem solved . disregard franctic voicemail . best,jeff
FYI . Never heard back from Kevin .
let's talk about it tonite .
Thank a lot .
Test
When you moving to S.F. ? You excited about the change ? What will you be focused on ? Congratulations . Sounds like a great opportunity .
Hi Dana: Please accept my apologies for not having responded sooner . Things , as you know , are , well , a little nuts . It was great to meet you and I would be happy to discuss opportunities . I need to be in S.D . in the next few weeks . Perhaps we could have lunch , or something , and you could fill me in on what you folks do . Best , Jeff
Well , looks like it's that time again . There only 2 questions . Howzabout if the S.F . contingent takes #1 and the East Bay Gang takes #2 and we distribute around over the weekend ? Thoughts ?
Too hot a market: How energy producers manipulate California ( Published Sept . 22 , 2000 ) The priciest place to shop this August in California was in Pasadena . There at the California Power Exchange , where much of the state's electricity is bought and sold , prices that utilities paid for power ( an average $166 per megawatt ) were up fivefold from the previous August ( $32) . What is happening ? Among other things , too much power on hot days is being purchased in the near-panic environment that develops in the hours before a possible crisis . Too little is being purchased as it should be -- days , or even months , in advance . How was this new market-based system of buying electricity supposed to work ? Much of the action was supposed to take place at the Power Exchange . There vibrant trading was supposed to exist in a variety of markets . Some utilities would be busy shopping for electricity the next day . Others , depending on their needs , would be squirreling away supply a month , even a year , in advance . Selling this power are private companies that have been busy purchasing fossil-fuel burning generators from the state's investor-owned utilities . Under the state's restructuring of electricity , these utilities were obligated to sell their fossil-fuel burning plants , but not necessarily their nuclear or hydroelectric generators . On any given day , up to 95 percent of the power needed to fuel California was supposed to be already purchased . The idea was to leave just a little bit for the last minute . Headquartered in Folsom , the state's entire grid is managed by an agency known as the Independent System Operator . The ISO's job is to buy whatever extra power is necessary to keep the lights on . With literally only hours to work with , the ISO is ill-suited to drive hard bargains . The ISO pays up to $250 per megawatt . The problem is that the ISO's spot market is way too big , and too pricey . It is buying up to 30 percent of California's power on some days , particularly hot ones . This August , less power is being purchased in those struggling futures market down in Pasadena . More was being bought in Folsom . This is a telltale sign that California's electricity market is working for those who own power plants , not those who pay the bills that are poised to rise .
Thank you . FYI . Seems that the problem was that the last letter in my IZIO login ( that comes up automatically when pulling up the page ) was being truncated ( which may result from my regular work login pre-empting the IZIO login--the two are exactly the same , except that my work login truncates the last letter of my name) . Thanks very much for your help .
Thanks . Got if fixed . cc: Subject: Re: your mail Greetings Jeff , Sorry for the delay in responding . I would call TJ at Haas ( 510 ) 643-0435 and have her help you get to the right person . Kindly , Salvador Assistant Professor , Accounting Director , Executive Education School of Business and Management University of San Francisco 2130 Fulton Street San Francisco , CA 94117
Folks: Here's a catalogue of issues that Sue , Mona and I put together using Paul's outline as a guide . Just a start ( but a pretty good one) , with lots more to do , but it should provide a solid platform to get the strategy completed in short order . Best , Jeff
Thank you very much for the tech data . Margaret , is there data out there regarding the California utilities performance ( i.e. , how many rolling blackouts , etc . v . national average) ? Thanks again .
you still at school ? call me at work .
I'll be in town , though i'm going to the "leading edge" deal at haas on sat . morning . home number is 415.621.8317 .
It's a little far off into the future , but NARUC will be in San Diego on Nov . 12-15 ( odd coincidence?) . Might be a good place to do some messaging .
Let's try this . Neither of us will say one critical thing of the other . I won't say anything , in jest , or otherwise , and you do the same . And if someone does , the other needs to bring it up . But Prentice , if I say , "that's critical" and then I have to have a long argument about the fact that I think it is , and you think it isn't , that isn't going to work . So I'm willing to have a complete moratorium , if that's something that you're willing to try , too . I hope you'll going sailing today . Did I leave my sunglasses in your car ? I also left my gym bag in your bathroom , which has my sailing shoes in it . I'm at work . You can call me here .
Kim: Been having horrible computer problems . ( Just got switched over to Windows 2000---I hate Microsoft; break it up into a million itty bitty pieces. ) Haven't had a chance to read what you wrote . Attaching what I cobbled together yesterday . Will also take a look at what Mr . Jackson put together . You should feel free to go ahead and meld mine and yours , etc . I'm at work . Will be here until about 11-11:30 . After that , if you need me , page me at 888.916.7184 . And thanks a million for pulling it together . Best , Jeff
Forgot to attach the file . Here it is .
If there is any possibility of doing it on Wednesday and Thursday , that would work much better with my schedule , but I can be flexible if necessary . Thanks very much for coordinating . Best , Jeff
Yes , agree that another call to weave in the comments we received from the biz units would be useful . Can we shoot for Wednesday , when Mr . Kaufman will be here in the SF office ?
Hi . I'm ready to go postal with all the computer problems I'm having . Did you get the document I sent yesterday morning ?
Greetings ( or Hola!): Talked to Jeff Green . He said he'd do the road , but can't do it with the wood that's in the driveway . Eldon , are you and Bob planning to go up this week ? If so , any chance of getting the wood moved ? Otherwise , going to be tough to do the road . Jeff starts on my road on Wednesday and I'll be going up this weekend to monitor ( and start organizing some of the chopped up wood that's lying around the yard at the dome . Welcome back . Hope you had a good time in Mexico . Best , Jeff
My calendar shows free , but you'll have to check with ms prentice .
Thank you . Sounds like Tues and Wed it is .
Hi Jeannie: My apologies . I've been switched over to Windows 2000 and , well , things have been somewhat bumpy . I have a few comments on the Frevert piece but can't find the document you sent . Could you resend it ? Best , Jeff
Thanks very much for taking care of the case . See you tonite .
Agreed . Also , Margaret , do we have numbers on what portion of GDP and California's "GDP" the tech sector represents ? Best , Jeff
I'll check . In the meantime , I'm in the SF office all week .
Hey Buddy: Hope your weekend was nice . Tried to call , but I think your voicemail is messed up out there today . Checking in to see whether Hoecker said it or not . Any word ? Also , looks like we're on for Portland next Tuesday/Wednesday . Would definitely like to gather ( phone call or something ) prior to the meeting so we ( me , you , Rick , Richard ) are clear on what our goals are for the meeting and what the agenda needs to look like . Finally , I should have a draft of my "Tech Section" ready by tomorrow sometime . That was our deadline , correct ? Any other follow-info from last Tuesday'Wednesday's meeting that I should be aware of ? Finally , you see Harry's note ? Can you make a call to discuss the PG&E strategy on Wednesday ? Best , Jeff
Appears that PG&E has joined the "refund" chorus .
I'd wait until , for example , Ginger and Maureen say they're happy and all the bugs have been worked out--my productivity has dropped by about 99% . I'll do some minor strike-out-underline and some minor suggestions and send back by 5 pm California time .
Oh great , he gets married , but his kids die from pollution .
Worry not . Hope all is well . Went to the tapas place ( "Cesar" ) next to Chez Panisse . Have you been there ? Very nice and pretty fun , too . Best , Jeff
Ditto: Caps , stink , but if they must be done in the short term , only do them for residential ( since of course the damage that wholesale prices will inflict will grossly outweigh and alleged benefits) . But any caps must be accompanied by real , strucutural reforms . Have a great time . Please let us know how it goes . ( I have a sneaking suspicion they listen to you more than you let on. ) Best , Jeff
Jeannie: Here are a few proposed edits . If you need anything , just holler . Best , Jeff
Hey , forget football , and Terrell what's-his-name and the demise of the 49ers . Think road . If it's going to get done 1 ) the wood needs to get moved and 2 ) we need to tell Jeff Green immediately so he can order the gravel . Let me know . It's the 2 minute warning and you're down by a touchdown . Best , Jeff
On behalf of free-market loving people around the world , thank you . I'll forward later this morning or early afternoon what I've pulled together ( or more accurately , simply re-arranged , using the great info you forward last week) . Best , Jeff
Yes , am aware of it , but there was no attachment ( re: PG&E's proposal ) in the note that I received . Could someone please forward ? Thanks .
Gee , with all due respect , this sounds like SoCal trying to justify its windowing policy . Have you considered a career as a PR exec with OPEC . Affectionately yours , Jeff
Hi and good morning . Could you please book me a ticket for Portland . Need to arrive in Portland on this coming Monday morning by 8-8:30 AM , and return to SF at around 4:30-5:00 PM on Tuesday . Thanks very much . Also , could you book me a hotel room at the 5th Avenue place ( or whatever it's called) .
Your honor , could the witness please explain the source of his information . Couldn't be the Ford Excursion marketing department , could it ?
Noise pollution . The #1 killer in America... .
That TOTALLY works for me . Just wanted to give you an out in case you found funner people . Great , it's set . We're a team .
THAT'S a good one . Have I told you how much I miss Norm ?
it's in the driveway . the big stack of planks that were stained and then stacked back in the driveway . in addition , there's the other wood ( stacked with the planks ) for the stairs , etc .
very helpful . thank you .
Attached is a first rough cut . Work continues but wanted to distribute for feedback . All is welcome and appreciated .
I was holding back a bit . All I needed was the green light . I'll make it explicit . Thanks for the comments . I am very ready to start getting the word out . Best , Jeff
Dear Nancy: I am not resonsible for Prentice's failure to respond . Please contact her at Yours truly , Jeff And by all the notes your sending ( jokes , 50s cook books , etc.) , I assume that you're still on vacation ? How was Mexico ?
was it fun ? was the area nice ? were you in the mountains of oaxaca , or something ?
sounds good . i'll put it on my calendar .
got message call if you can 415.782.7822 .
got message . will stick to original plan . agree w/you re: dennis . page me tomorrow when you can . best,jeff
I left you a voicemail just to say that I love you . How's it going over there today ?
Can't thank you enough for your help and for comments . I'm going to continue to work on it . Have another data question . Can we determine big high tech's electricity bill was in California and nationally last year ? Thanks again . Best , Jeff
Dude . Dude . I'm reaching for the saltines . You want to get tickets to the Shepard play ?
Can you define "off line?" You mean they're going to "island' themselves , no longer taking power from the grid ? To get the standby service , they'll need to sign an agreement under PG&E's standby tariffs ( the tariff for cogens if the cogens getting the standby , or for the University , if UC's taking the standby) .
10 AM California time . He should call 415.782.7856 .
ETI Update National PR campaign to push Enron policy agenda/commercial opportunties California Strategy Trip to Portland Analyst/Associate for SF GA ? Gas Update Sempra Commercial update ( Calger )
You like to handle , or would you like me to ?
thoughts ?
Mike: What are your thoughts on this ?
call 415.782.7856 at 10 AM .
Thank you .
And comments of other participants to the AB 1890 deal would also be very helpful ( like Steve Peace and customer groups) . Ought to show why Glynn's making comments like "we don't want to overanalyze the old deal."
Cool . This is in Baja ? Can we get pictures ?
I'm assuming , since I haven't heard back , that we're going to take a pass this time on the Dome road , and perhaps have Jeff Green do it another time ? If I'm incorrect , we'll need to get things squared away , like today . Let me know , Jeff
I was forced to allow my business judgment pre-empt my personal wishes... .
Can you get in touch w/Eldon ? I've been unsuccessful the last two days . May be too late at this point . I was supposed to get in touch with Jeff beginning of the week so that he could order gravel . And haven't even talked to him about the culvert . If he does the culvert , Eldon's going to have to make sure that the other people on the road don't have a fit about Eldon "re-designing" the road right around the Dome ( which fixing the culvert will entail) .
FYI . If you'd like to discuss , don't hesitate.. .
Can't wait for the bullets to start to fly . Do we know what the total $ amount is to EES ( if they were to book the entire credit to Enron) ? Thanks .
thanks for looking . when you leaving ? congratz on being the spokesperson . if you ever want to compare notes , just let me know .
Harry: At the meeting yesterday , we concluded that it would be a good idea to take the proposal that you put together based on your meeting with EES and use it as the "base case" to start running the numbers . Idea being that before we shop anything around , we need to know what the numbers look like to determine whether the thing's got any legs . Once we have a clear understanding of how the base case numbers shake out , we thought we might then want do some sensitivity analyses around the variables , come up with a final proposal , and then go back to the commercial groups for buy-in . We hoped that your folks could get together with Roger Yang et al and provide some assessment of what the base case numbers look like by middle of next week . How's this plan sound ? Few other points: We assume that bullet 6's reference to "net" means that the deferral is calculated by taking any "overcollections" and subtracting them from any "undercollections" over the entire 3 year period,not year-by-year . What is the significance of the 3.1 CTC roll-off date ? We're assuming it's commercially driven . We correct ? If so , what's the driver ? Same goes for the 2004 ending date . Some tweeks were made to the proposal at the meeting to create an "Option 2" for folks to consider . ( Though we don't think that any numbers need to be run on "Option 2" until after having completed the analysis on option 1 , since those results could influence any scenarios we decide to construct) . Option 2 would: Keep the hydro with the utility and apply Edison's proposed ratemaking treatment . Beginning 6.1.01 , make large customers "noncore," similar to the gas model in California , and force those customers to choose an ESP . Beginning 1.1.03 , introduce competitive default service for remaining "core" ( i.e. , rez and small commercial ) customers . Finally , couple of things that occurred to me after yesterday's meeting that I want to throw out for folks to react to: Seems that , to be successful , the proposal needs to remain as stripped down and simple as possible . When the proposal nets out the deferral costs , does it include the over/undercollections associated with utility residual generation ? In option 2 , by adding the "noncore" feature , and by implementing that feature and the default service feature prior to the 04 ending date , the proposal gets more complicated ( and adds significantly more risk to the utility's position) . This is not to say that the complications can't be worked out , or that the added risk can't be accounted for , but wanted to highlight it for folks to consider . Attached is the original , with just a couple of minor edits , and "Option 2." Best , Jeff
see what we can do . when you getting back .
My apologies . I'm confused . 1 ) When are we scheduled to meet with Tim ? Just Tuesday afternoon , or Tues/Wed ? Thanks , Jeff
What time do you get home from school . If it's before 5 could you stop by the Theater on the Square box office and get tickets ? Cameron said that she and Scott want tickets , too . It's going to sell out ( if it ain't already sold out) , so we should probably do it quickly . I love you .
Champagne . P.S . Though it feels like it at times , he's not my Dad .
Greetings Professor: Apologies for asking , but something has come up and I wanted to inquire about the chances of taking the E203 final on a day other than Sunday the 10th of December . Preferably Tu , W , Th , the week of the 11th . Best , Jeff
Thanks . Best of luck . Don't hesitate to call if there's anything you need . Look forward to getting down to S.D . soon . Maybe we can talk Jessie into having a drink . Best , Jeff
Hey there stranger: By the looks of your attire ( very nice) , and the pace of you walk the other night , looks like you're back in the working groove . Hope work is fun and your classes are good . I'm trying to get used to the "no life" thing again . And you slacked on the happy hour . Best , Jeff
Christine: My apologies . My schedule melted down after we talked on Monday . Here's where folks came out . There's some concern about size . We're supposed to be no larger than 3 , but we lobbied Aceves and he apparently Ok'd our "oversized" group . The other folks in the group--who talked to him originally--are pretty sure that five will violate the rules . Folks wondered if there were other groups that are smaller than ours that you could hook up with . Sorry about that---it's a wrinkle that I didn't think about when we spoke . If it gets real ugly trying to find a smaller group , let me know . Fortunately there's not another team case due for two weeks . Best , Jeff
Appreciate the speedy response . Actually , it's a "personal" event opposed to a business reason , and though important , I don't think it clears your hurdle . No problem . Never hurts to inquire , and I appreciate the consideration . Best , Jeff "Jonathan Berk" Please respond to berk
FYI . The weekend of the 9th/10th is definitely out for me . I'm sorry , honey .
you know , i'd have to be in a store and have the opportunity to look at a bunch of styles in order to choose a pair .
Hi . Did you hear from Sue Mara re: how the California ISO works ?
Gang: I'm finalizing what we talked about yesterday and something struck me w.r.t . siting reform . One of our key messages in California and nationally is that price spikes are due in no small part to outmoded , arcane siting rules and a shortage of power as a result . Price spikes have led to wholesale and retail price caps , investigations , utility under-recovery , and threats of rolling back de-regulation , to name a few . Understanding that Dave raises some good points about why he's not thrilled about getting involved in more siting reform bills , could someone argue that from a corporate objective , getting a good siting reform bill passed this session is a fairly high priority ? I'm not sure what the answer is , but it struck me as I was pretty-ing up the document and I thought I'd put it out there for reaction . Best , Jeff
Any of those days work EXCEPT the 22nd .
Thanks . Please continue to include me on all the FERC related ditties . Mary agree that we don't need to file separately ?
I think this captures it . I've also attached the "Posture" document Sue wrote up . While Paul takes a first crack at the cover memo , please review both documents and see if there are any changes that either needs . Best , Jeff
See my note and Christine's response . Thoughts ? Suggestions ? Jimmie , apparently she's had a crush on you ever since she heard you say , "Cash-sucking machine."
Thanks for the note . I'm going to pass it along to the others . Will get back to you very soon . Remember that there's no team case due on Monday because class is cancelled and everything got pushed back . But the first individual case has to be done by Tuesday . Best , Jeff
Hi Scott: Thanks for the note . Hope things are well . I'd like to call the El Paso person if that works for you . Yep , moratorium's still in place ( at least to build your own---you can always get someone who previously received authority to do it for you) . I'll keep you posted . Best , Jeff
OK , I'm a mindless idiot . And an embarrassed one at that . To which offer are you referring ? Also , learned that PG&E's big "want" in the Son of Gas Accord is a few hundred million to build more Tx and Local Tx . Sounds like this could have an IMMENSE negative impact on TW . You better get your fanny out here , like pronto . I sense death and destruction .
thank you
the offer's still good.. .
This mean we'll be toning down our criticism of the utility's behavior in the California market in our filings at FERC regarding the price spike investigation ?
Thanks , Lee . Is there a firmed-up agenda yet ? If so , could you forward to me ?
Hi Anita: Thanks again for you help with the questions I had about the deals going on California . I'd like to follow-up with you and Steve , particularly regarding the "not a telecom" aspect of the deal . These deals are going to accelerate--very confidentially , they are directly linked to getting the universe connected to Enron On-line , our very successful B2B website . I'd like to discuss with you two as soon as possible . Could you let me know when a convenient time is ? Thanks a million . Best , Jeff
Greetings . Just checking in to see how Mitch and Carl are doing on the proposal .
Unless someone has concerns , I'd like to share the results of our Wednesday meeting w/Roger .
decided i ought to ask around first.... .
Speaking of cheese , I spoke with Jeff Green last night , and under the circumstances , he'd prefer to do the Dome road next summer ( when he's up doing more work on my property . I agreed ( there's a lot more bark from all the wood chopping and that'll get us through till June) . I talked to him about the culvert . He had some thoughts , which I'll pass along and I'll talk to him about it some more this weekend .
Here it is . Thanks a million for your help .
Roger: We're still ruminating on this within Government Affairs and will continue to ruminate over the next few days , but wanted to fill you in on where we currently are and get your comments . Thanks . Jeff
thank you .
please loop me in on the call w/tim . thanks .
Yes , they will have to file with the PUC .
This works for my schedule . I will likely attend the subpoena meeting .
The world is mighty small . As an undergrad at Berkeley , I worked as a paralegal at Brobeck . One of the "associates" I reported to was , you guessed it , Gary Fergus . Haven't seen him since . Will be interested to compare notes .
Hi: O lord . You know , the pace at school is so much nicer--actually have time to think about things and absorb it . But work has gotten so insane that I sympathize with your plight ( since mine's the same) . I think I've maybe made it to 1/2--that's 1/2--of the finance classes . NORTH of Sacramento . Are you driving to Sacramento every day ? Say it ain't so . That's brutal . When you say full time , you mean school full time ? That , I assume , means leaving your job ? Be happy to talk about it . You know me---believer in always keeping all options open and active . If full time makes sense , you ought to do it . Unfortunately , though , it looks like I'll be missing class ( again ) on Tuesday because I have to be in Portland . If you're not going to Sac on Monday , coffee in SF during work hours works . Or I could meet you during break on Monday . Or we could have lunch or a beer after work on Thursday or Friday when I'm back from Portland . Hang in there . I was worried about you--seemed liked you'd gone underground again . Remember , life's too short to get too worried about it . Let me know what works for you . Best , Jeff PS I'm spending my Saturday nite working on a financial reporting case . Hope that's modest consolation . "Strategizing?!" ( I don't think so. )
Thanks . That certainly puts things in perspective .
Ditto . I vote that we suggest to Christine that 5's too darned unwieldy and that she look for another , smaller group . And if she's unable to find one then we can talk .
Simon did a nice job on the presentation , but I need some things re-arranged , added , etc . Should I call him directly , other ? Let me know . Thanks a million . Best , Jeff
Plz call . Any numbers yet ? Skilling talking to Gov today ? 415.782.7822 .
Wow . Don't worry about it . Have a great time in Montana . It will be gorgeous up there . You're camped out in Roseville ? You don't deserve that , Courtney . Good idea to find out when the deadlines are . When you get back , give a call and we can meet at break or have lunch or a beer after work or something . Considering your options and keeping them open is a great idea and the right thing to do . Don't stress too much . Good luck and can't wait to hear about Big Sky . Best , Jeff
Monday--In office Thursday--In office Friday--Vacation day possibly
will do . Thanks .
Here's the edited version ( word document format) . If you have any questions , just give me a ring at 415.782.7822 . Thanks very much for your help . Best , Jeff
Ok , cut the shakespeare . What's your vote ? She wrote again in inquiring .
Hi Christine: Yes , forwarded the email you sent last week . Here's where folks came out . First , we think that the folks in your first group are mean . Second , it's a real challenge managing a group of four and there's concern that five will break the camel's back . Suggestion came up that it might be much more mangageable if you could try to link up with a smaller group first . If there's a problem finding a smaller group , then we could try to do five and hope the ship don't sink ? Sound reasonable ? Best , Jeff
That clears it up . Thanks very much for the prompt response .
I have to go to Portland tomorrow , coming back Wednesday afternoon . I'd like to see you tonite before I leave if you're available .
Thanks . I should be there about 7 . You know that I love you very much , Prentice .
OK gang , she's hell bent , and I've spent about as much time as I'm willing on this . Sorry about the hassle---Jimmie , if you hadn't used that colorful language , we wouldn't be in this mess . Anyway , unless I hear strong protests in the next 30 minutes , I'm writing back to say she can join ( and has to do the next case all by her lonesome on the team's behalf as payback) . Lemme know . Best , Jeff
Have messages in to him .
What do you think ? Me or you get to have all the funny with Johnnie
Steve . FYI . Got bounced back the first time .
are you serious ?
Well , if you're going to want someone from Enron , it's going to have to be me . Let me know if you're still interested . "Delaney Hunter" Please respond to dhunter
See below . "Delaney Hunter" Please respond to dhunter
you win the big prize !
It's simple . Purchase.......I mean Pool.......well , purchase can be better sometimes .
Mike Kahn: 415.986.2800 . ext . 205 . Let me know how it goes . Best , Jeff P.S . And I mean this in all seriousness.... . Many months ago , you were sitting in our small conference room and said , "The Governor needs to take control and initiate a negotiation , or summit." Looks like he finally figured it out .
The original proposed messages I distributed for the high tech sector have been put into a power point presentation and include comments received . Many thanks to Margaret Carson , who did much of the heavy lifting . Additional comments are welcome and suggestions on how to spice up the korny title slide are greatly appreciated . Best , Jeff
Got bounced back the first time .
This got bounced back , too .
We're on at 9:30 AM California time . I'll call you early in the AM to confirm , coordinate , ruminate , etc . Best , Jeff
Christine: Sorry I haven't replied sooner . Crazy day . Consider yourself the 5th member of our team---but remember , no warranties included . Best , Jeff
There you go again , always demanding substance . I'll fill you in tomorrow on why it's so high level ( and repetitive) . Believe it or not , Larry Ellison ( CEO Oracle ) and Scott McNealy ( CEO Sun ) is the audience--neither's real up to speed on the industry . PS How's the cover memo for the strategy coming ? Best , Jeff
The meeting between Skilling & the Governor went well . He's intrigued about the notion of doing an auction for power over the internet . Governor and his folks are going to do some internal work this week and there's going to be another call next Monday . Will fill you in as things progress . Thanks again for the pricing sheet . Please keep all of this highly confidential . Best , Jeff
As my mother likes to say , "You should be on the stage... . the one that left an hour ago."
I was worried about this . Sent it Monday night . Kept getting bounced back . Could you page me at 888.916.7184 and let me know that you get it ? I'm in Portland . Also , got Ginger's message re: paragraph on TW deal . Steffes said you didnt' need right away because EBR got cancelled . When do you need and do you want just background , or valuation calculations , too ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
Will do .
I like the idea . Particularly in view of the "California Crisis." Makes our positions that much more compelling and offers at least part of the "solution" for California .
Attached are the high tech slides with the correct figure for dollars that the high tech sector spent on electricity in 1999 .
I'm sure that you'll have a great time arguing our case before the court . If there's anything I can do to help , just let me know . P.S . How's things ?
Our meetings will be much more effective you attend . We should try to talk tomorrow or Friday .
Good questions for which I don't currently have answers .
If it's truly the real thing . I'll take two cases . Thanks for asking .
Thanks , Sarah . Question: Could we , and should we , attempt to pre-empt the FERC report and try to get press coverage of the BP paper before FERC releases the results of its investigation ?
real meaning real acacia . don't care about labeling . what would you compare to in quality ? seems to me that one can't beat $5/bottle for acacia , non ? what cheese ? man , you saw a great game . i was portland for the past couple days , saw some of the game yesterday at the airport ( plane was delayed) . GO GIANTS !
Tim: I've worked hard with these guys to try to make this conference the best that it could be , but it ain't quite there . So I'd rather keep our powder dry and use Skilling at another time . Not top-shelf enough in my view . If you want to discuss further let me know . Also , one question: Is the BEEP stack the constrained supply curve post-adjustment bids ? I have that right ?
If you have any questions , don't hesitate .
Hey , no problem . I'll call Badeer .
Steve: Let me know if you'd like to discuss . I like Tim's idea re: maybe you should take the slot . But in my view definitely not Skilling . I think you saw my thoughts about this conference in a previous email exchange with Schroeder re: Littlechild . Also , they're breaking my arms and legs about sponsoring ( $3-5K range) . I had a thought that maybe EBS could stream the conference as an in-kind contribution---the PR that EBS gets out of streaming might outweigh the cost of providing gratis . I had only raised it as a thought , though , and am surprised to see it turn up in print . Tim and I had both had Lee as a professor and I've been talking him about this conference alot and have no problem delivering whatever the news is . In fact , I had already told them that they shouldn't count on us for this one but that we're always interested in working together . Best , Jeff
Between you and me , I don't think California is an option at this point .
Mr . DeMille would like to know if you're ready for your close-up .
Couple of thoughts: In light of all the events that have transpired yesterday and today , seems that the IOUs have decided to up the ante considerably ( likely in response to a pounding they're taking from Wall Street) . This will likely increase the pressure for Davis to act sooner rather than later , at least w.r.t . finding a way out of the IOU undercollection problem . The increased pressure to act in turn increases the likelihood that a bad solution will emerge . Regarding the call on Monday with Davis , the added heat being applied might argue for coming up with a simple , concrete proposal that we can hand to Davis and that he can implement immediately to get the IOUs off his back and avoid having the adminstration cook up something less preferable .
I doubt that anyone in accounting has it , and I'm not sure to whom in accounting to send it . Suggestions ? I think that Bowen & Co . could likely help us out on this first filing . Also , Sue , regarding NY: I have a call into Bowen but when I called they sounded pretty tied up . Haven't heard back yet .
FYI . Rebecca got back in touch wanting to talk about the history of dereg in California . Been trading messages . When she gets back to me with what she wants to discuss , I'll check back in before having the conversation . Question: What about giving her a copy of our high tech slides with the intent of getting her to do a story on it ? She might be a good "carrier." Thoughts ? One story has already hit the SJ Mercury News . Best , Jeff
Here's the next version of the slides . Few points: There are a few holes ( pre-quals and process in particular)--my brain began to fail . But I think there's enough of a structure so that we can easily finalize by tomorrow . I didn't have an electronic version of Whaley's slides , so I couldn't integrate them . But I don't think it will take much to do the integration . Some of Whaley's slides have a strong marketing slant--we should think hard about whether we include them lest we lose our mantle of objectivity . We still have some wordsmithing to do re: participate , run the auction , or participate and run the auction . Best , Jeff
Thanks . I love you , too . Seriously , appreciate the feedback . I was working from a great first cut .
no classes . just lots of studying .
Agree completely . Notion I had was that we give Rebecca the slides , tell her the story on background , then she trots off to interview McNeally , Ellison , etc . Just a thought . Might be easier , faster channel that achieves the quick action/message we're looking for .
Anyone out there know why FERC has asked the PX for still more data ?
Richard: Looks good . One comment: Under the section "Generating Documents: Requests 12 , 14 and 18," I would go with the "option 1" ending to the paragraph starting with "For Portland General..." and not the "alternate ending." To further support this ending ( and further bolster the point that PGE is pretty extraneous to the investigation) , we may want to note that PGE currently has a request in to the OPUC asking for about $135 MM to cover the costs of increased wholesale purchases . Paul Kaufman would have details of the request . Hope your son's doing well . Best , Jeff
I can be on the call .
Mitch: Paul Kaufman mentioned that you'd like to see the testimony that Steve Kean ( at a congressional field hearing in San Diego ) and I ( at a FERC field hearing in San Diego ) gave a few weeks ago . Steve had prepared remarks . They are attached . I did not have prepared remarks , but I've attached my talking points . My talking points were not made public , however , so please keep them private . Finally , I'm trying to get a transcript of the FERC hearing . If you would like a copy , please let me know . And if there's anything else that I can do , please don't hestitate to contact me . Best , Jeff
BEEP stack is the supply curve for real-time energy that the ISO develops on the basis of bids and offers . The problem is that the plants the ISO ultimately dispatches from the stack often conflict with the merit order developed from the bids/offers , and the ISO has never been clear about the decision metrics it uses to determine ultimate dispatch . Everyone , including Belden , thinks it can and ought to be a helluvalot more transparent .
Yes , will be on call .
I apologize for being tardy . I can have my IRS to you by Monday .
Hi Delaney: I won't need a room . Did you want me to participate on a panel ? If so , which day and at what time ? Who else will be on the panel ? Inquiring minds would love to know . Best , Jeff "Delaney Hunter" Please respond to dhunter
Susan Scott is a senior attorney with the pipeline group ( TW) . I met her as part of the California PUC's gas restructuring case . For some time she's been inquiring about Government Affairs . She called me yesterday and mentioned that she's very interested in exploring if there are any opportunities in GA . From my experience , Susan is highly competent and very professional and I think TW would say the same . She likes her work but wants a new challenge . I told her I'd inquire about whether someone would be interested in talking with her . I think that it would be useful for you to chat with her . Thoughts ? Susan would like to keep it confidential at this point .
I don't think that the stranded cost issue has been squarely addressed .
Has Sue gotten in touch with you . And have you contacted Tim Belden in Portland ? He is the absolute guru on this stuff .
Lee: I'm not certain that it will be possible to get Skilling , but I'll get back to you soon . Also , I want to manage expectations a bit about the possibility of having Enron stream the conference . Just don't want us to get ahead of ourselves . I'd prefer that it not go out in any announcement at this juncture . Thanks a bunch . Best , Jeff
Couple of brief comments: 1 ) There is a new and growing drum beat to reduce California's wholesale price caps further ( i.e. , below $250 , with some suggesting $100) . We need to discuss strategy very soon . 2 ) I'm attempting to arrange a meeting between ENA ( Calger ) and Sempra ( CFO ) to discuss commercial opportunities .
FYI . Great news . PUC "fixed" the language glitches in the original decision granting ETI its certificate and voted it out yesterday . So we're good to go on filing our final tariff . It's attached . Please take a look and let's discuss ASAP ( Monday? ) so we can get if on file at the CPUC . Best , Jeff
It was covered extensively in today's LA Times .
Will do .
Chris: Here are the slides with your suggested edits incorporated . Take a look . Also , feel free to integrate the portions that you're working on ( "deal bench," pre-quals , etc. ) directly into the presentation , or I'd be happy to do it . I'm at 415.782.7822 . I'm contacting Benevides about putting an illustrative slide together representing the base and peak blocks . Best , Jeff
Prentice ever get back to you regarding logistics about tomorrow nite ? What time is dinner by the way . I'm supposed to do something from 3-4 , but could come up directly thereafter .
Rebecca Smith called . She wants to have coffee on Monday at 10 AM California . Topics: 1 ) How California got here . 2 ) How California can get out of it . Any chance of talking Monday AM prior to 10 AM California time ? I think I've got the messages pretty well down , but might be useful to touch base . Let me know . Hear's a message I'm practicing: "Shapiro and Steffes went to FERC on Friday----problem solved." Best , Jeff
Here's the article that I referred to . Could you please email or fax to me the Commission's decision denying Edison's emergency motion ? Greatly appreciated . Best , Al Gore
yes .
Well , wouldn't you know it . I couldn't find the most recent version in my email . But here's the 10.03 version with a few edits . Couple of other points: I still very much like the idea of taking the table out and includling as an attachment . I still think that the table doesn't explicitly address an option Rick may be thinking about "Maintain presence with fewer resources." Think it's something we need to focus on . Have a great weekend . Spreadsheet to follow .
I confess that I haven't even looked at the bloody thing . How many questions ? Should we divide them up and pass around as usual ?
Heres' the spreadsheet . I added "regulatory intelligence and expertise" right after the top 5 . Check it out . Best , Jeff
Understanding there won't be a call on Monday , here's a draft of the auction slides that we've been working on for folks to review .
I'm slow , but I catch on eventually . Steffes was fired up when he called . Sounds like the meeting went pretty well . Have a good weekend . Best , Jeff
Haven't heard of them . And I'm not aware of any new tariffs that offer those kinds of savings , but we'll check around .
Hello ? I guess everyone's wrapped up in the baseball playoffs and the debates . There are 4 questions . Since the SF people did 1&2 last time and the East Bay contingent did 3&4 , seems we can switch this time . SF takes 3&4; East Bay 1&2 . Best , Jeff
Greetings . I'm going to read the material and the case today . Should we compare notes ( via email ) on questions 3&4 by tomorrow ( Sunday ) before lunch ? Let me know . Best , Jeff
You're the man . Thanks . I'll coordinate with Kim and the new recruit .
I'll get you for this .
Here's a very rough shot at #'s 3&4 . I think 4's worded very strangely ( thus my strange answer) . Anyway , thought I'd throw something together to get the ball rolling . I'll keep thinking about and send another dispatch later today or first thing tomorrow morning . Best , Jeff
Looks good , Kim . Thanks .
Agreed . I'll handle it . Best , Jeff
Looks good . Thanks . See you tomorrow . Best , Jeff
Greetings: How's things ? Got your message . Best place to get your hands on the report is the CalPX website . If you have any problems , let me know . I'll try to write a note discussing our conversation on Friday by end of day . Best , Jeff
Seems that we could provide Lay/Skilling with the power point slides as prep for any calls . As a starter , it would be useful to provide McNeally with a letter that he could send to federal and state decision makers . Best , Jeff
Greetings: Any word about whether the PUC bought our proposal ? Best , Jeff
Strange . I think that I received an email from someone with the report attached . Let me scour my emails . If and when I find it , I'll forward . Disheartening that you can't find a document that's getting so much press . Great website.. .
Please let me know if you want me to participate in any gas panels . And my feelings won't be hurt if you say no . Worry not . Just need to know so that I can prepare some materials . Best , Jeff
Here's one that's "final," not draft , that just came out . I'm assuming that this is the one the press is refering to . Let me know that you think .
Gee , I don't know what came over me . Apologies .
Just spent about 90 minutes with Rebecca . She left with a very good understanding of our view of the problem and the solutions . She also spent time asking me how I thought other players would respond to the IOU request for a big check to cover the undercollections . She expects to have a "big picture" story--covering AB 1890s past , present & future--completed in the next couple of weeks . In Rebecca's words , she wants the story to "shake things up." She's very upset with how the utilities are handling it . I told her we were less concerned with "he said/she said" and more concerned with finding real short and long term solutions that are fair to everyone . Mark and Karen: In my long history with Rebecca , it has always been understood that our conversations are off the record and background . Invariably , at the end of the conversation , Rebecca tells me that she intends to call later and cajole the daylights out of me in an attempt to use some of my more colorful quotes . It was no different this time . If anyone wants more details , just let me know . Best , Jeff
Jimmie's the "compiler" this time . You're stuff was good . Whether he has time to incorporate remains to be seen . But I wouldn't sweat it . We can talk more tonite about our somewhat "loose" but thus far effective means for getting these things done every week . Best , Jeff
Here you go . Who's Ugoretz ? Happy Yom . Best , Jeff
Here's Paul's memo with Mona's edits and a couple of my edits . It's been shipped off to Paul . I assume he'll be sending it out tomorrow . If there's any more questions , edits , comments , etc. , please give Paul a buzz . Best , Jeff
In the office all week .
got it .
They've asked me to be on a gas panel . I've said yes , but hadn't planned at this point on attending any of the conference other than the panel .
Bowen called , and unless he has to schedule a call with a judge from Texas at the same time , we're on for 9:30 AM . He'll call back if there's a problem . Also , he confirmed my recollection on the dedicated transport v . AFTS and also confirmed that we can change any names we want and that this is the best time to make sure what we file in good ol' CA is consistent with our other filings . Best , Jeff
NARUC's meeting at ground-zero dereg ( San Diego ) in mid-November , right after the elections . Might be a good opportunity for a PR event .
I can't place him either .
FYI . Here's what Dave pulled together on Friday . I talked to him and told him I was going to make a single power point out of the info and then run it by him for review and comment .
Shoot . Love to , but I have a final on Sunday--yes Sunday--the 10th . Hey , thanks for hanging up on me on Friday .
Ms Bennett: Thanks for the voicemail . Couldn't locate the files you sent in August ( uemail now deletes automatically , which may be the problem) . Could you forward a copy to Mr Yang ? Most appreciated . Best , Jeff
I've got my car today . If you need a ride---there , back , or both--just let me know .
Check it out .
Figures . I'll see if I can find that needle in that haystack and get back to you .
Hi: I was surprised to see you at the I-House last nite . Haven't seen you for a while . Was going to drop by and say hi and catch up but your table was extremely popular and I didn't want to intrude . This is the first travel-free week I've had in a long time . You want to try to have lunch ? Or we could meet at a non-I-House place during the break and catch up if you like . Dying to hear about Montana and your possible new life as a day student . Did you manage to get away last Thursday ? Best , Jeff
Harry: FYI . First meeting to discuss how to dole out the $50 MM created by AB 970 is 10.7 . Someone I've worked with on DG-type deals in the past from EES is going to attend the meeting ( Brian Smith from the Costa Mesa office) . Bob Frank and I had a conference call with him this morning . URL for the event is included below . Best , Jeff
Mike: We'd talked about getting together to discuss the bills for the case . We'd originally agreed to a flat fee of $13 , 500 ( if memory serves ) with a bonus for coming in under the cap . You've sent me bills ( as of August 17 according to my records ) for over $25,000 . As you recall , we had a very lengthy discussion regarding the magnitude of the work associated with the hearings and associated briefs . I stressed that $13.5 was what I'd spend and that we'd have to do the best we could within that constraint , which is why I pressed for a flat fee arrangement at the outset . With that in mind , I believe that it's important to honor the arrangement . However , in light of the particular circumstances in this case , I'm willing to exceed the previous arrangement for a total of $15,000 , but can't go above that . If you'd like to discuss it further , I'd be happy to talk about it . Let me know . Best , Jeff
Off what hook ?
Seems like information that we'd want to get our hands on , non ?
aye aye
Thanks , Mike . I prefer the $15,000/clean slate option . For comments on the proposed decision and lobbying on this specific case , I'm willing to go straight hourly basis , but I will continue to request fixed prices going foward . And worry not , it's not a Rick , Paul , Steffes issue . I'm the headache . All this said , and budget haggling aside , I'm sure you're aware that it's my view that 1 ) you do fantastic work and 2 ) it's great to work with you . Best , Jeff
EBS Update Gov Davis/Skilling Update Meeting w/Sempra Coffee with Rebecca Smith QF support for ENA Miscellaneous
Are folks available for a call tomorrow at 9 AM to begin preparing for the meeting with Sempra next week ?
Based on last nite's discussion , here's the coordinator list: Kim--11.1--Agro Feed Jeff--11.27--Global Industries We also decided that: 1 ) we'd continue with the SF/East Bay split 2 ) each group should combine the answers into one document prior to sending to the coordinator for final compilation 3 ) we'd distribute draft answers to the entire group , since some questions feed off of others 4 ) we'd get finalized responses to the coordinator no later than 4 PM on Sunday Let me know if this tracks with others' memories . Best , Jeff
SF
Given that Peace is likely going to try to push legislation to merge the ISO and PX and other nasty things , likely makes sense to listen in on our message development , tactics in addressing the LMP problem . You think there'd be any problem with that ? If not , could you pass along the call in number ? Thanks , Jeff
love one . thanks . good job .
Thanks , I'll set up a call . thanks . i'll set up the call .
where are you ? my phone's been on since you paged me . i didn't get any tickets . i love you oodles . ( you slobbery ol' sniffly day student doggie. ) Thank you , Marcia .
Hi . Please set up a call for 60 minutes for tomorrow , 10.11.00 for 11 AM CALIFORNIA time and distribute info to the list of folks below . Thank you very much .
Well , it's upon us again and that means X-Mas party . Joseph and I have begun ( barely ) to plan for this year's festivities . But before we get to far along , tried and true democratic ( small "d" ) principles call for a wee bit of polling . Because we're already in the middle of October we need your responses pronto . If we don't receive your responses by COB Thursday , then democracy's out the window , and good ol' dictatorship takes over . Of course , it will be difficult to grant everyone's wishes , but all suggestions will be given great ( and equal ) weight . Here are the questions: Would you prefer just dinner , or dinner plus an activity ? Joseph and I are leaning toward dinner and an activity , but wanted to hear from other folks . If yes , Joseph has come up with a couple of very fun ideas for an activity but suggestions are greatly encouraged and welcome . Same goes for a restaurant ( understanding that the choice of activity may influence where we eat) . Sue has put in her vote for Fleur de Lys . Should we try to organize the event with the rest of the SF office ( i.e. , EES and ENA ) or confine it to GA ? Should we expand to include Western GA or keep it to SFGA ? We choose for dates the 7th or 8th or 14th or 15th of December . What's your preference . Is there a day that just won't work ? Joseph , if I've missed anything , please tack on . Best , Jeff
test
Please send responses to both me and Joseph . Thank you .
Attached is a "plant siting" slide for the next Skilling/Davis meeting . I developed it from background materials that Dave Parquet pulled together . This version includes Daves' comments . His comments are in CAPS . Best , Jeff
Now I understand why you were talking to Rubin and Summers . Sounds like an outstanding hire . Congratulations . Exciting changes for exciting times .
Congratulations one and all . Very exciting , and well deserved to boot . Look forward to working with you in your new roles . Best , Jeff
As a follow-up to our call . Here is some additional information regarding QF pricing issues . QFs who voluntarily switched to PX pricing have been getting paid full PX prices ( and there seem to be a couple of thousand MWs that have switched . The concern is that the Commission's ultimate decision on PX-based QF prices will force the QFs that have switched to "refund" some of the payments they've received ( e.g. , under a "PX minus" mechanism) . The majority of QFs are happy with the judge's proposed decision pending before the PUC ( except those remotely located QFs who will take a big GMM hit) . As we discussed , the Commission strongly rejected Edison's emergency motion regarding the gas piece of the QF pricing formula . Recall also that a couple of months ago
I accidentally sent it before it was complete . Full note to follow .
OK , given the Enron Xmas party in Houston , and Sue's request that weekends be included in the ballot , please repond to the dates listed below . Please give 1 ) your top 3 preferences , and 2 ) any days for which you have a ( true ) conflict . Thanks . Also , unless I hear otherwise , we'll assume that partners and children come included . Thanks . Best , Jeff Nov . 30 , Dec . 1 , Dec . 2
Bill Reed Sempra's "Chief Regulatory Officer" will replace Gary Cotton on the ISO Board .
Wednesday , Dec . 13th would work best for me .
FYI . Recently , Chris Calger has asked me to set up a meeting with Sempra . ENA's seeking deals with the two big CA gas IOUs ( PG&E and SoCalGas ) that would give ENA access to their assets . In short , ENA wants to offer a complete outsource deal for the IOUs' core gas load ( i.e. , rez and small commercial customers) . ENA would take responsibility for providing service for delivery at the city gate and in return would manage all of core's assets ( upstream of the city gate) . We're meeting with Sempra's "Chief Regulatory Office" ( Bill Reed ) and Sempra's CFO next Thursday to discuss . Given the fact that Sempra's primarily focused on electricity , the plan is to lead off the meeting with a couple of electricity solutions as a bridge to the gas offer . For electricity , the plan has two pieces: 1 ) a commodity offer that beats the 6.5 cent cap ( i.e. , nothing fancy ) and 2 ) "Deal Bench" services with the intent of establishing a procurement mechanism for SDG&E that the California PUC could pre-approve ( thereby eliminating some of the immense regulatory risk SDG&E now faces) . Wanted to run this by folks to gauge reactions . We'll distribute the slides we're putting together as soon as they're drafted--hopefully by COB Friday . Best , Jeff
Hey Tim: Calger asked me recently to set up a meeting with Sempra to try to do a gas outsource deal . We're meeting with the CFO and their Chief Reg Officer next Thursday . On a call today , we thought--for a variety of reasons--that we ought to throw an electric commodity deal at them , too , while we're there . Laird Dyer's going to call you for indicative prices ( same drill we did for Skilling) . If you have any questions , or want me to fill you in more , just give a holler , or check in with Chris . Best , Jeff
Steve: Here's a word version of the MSA . Sorry for the delay . Could you make changes in strike-out-underline format and email back to me when you're done ? Thanks a million . Best , Jeff
Could be me , but that doesn't look like your email address . You get this email from Jeremy ( good guy who works with Steve) ?
Just following up to make sure that accounting knows that ETI's quarterly fee statement needs to be turned in by the 15th . Best , Jeff
Vail?? ? Flagstaff?? ? Man , I'm in the wrong business . Now listen Stumpy , if you think you're going to Vail so some half-#%$#ed customer can run over your OTHER knee with a snow mobile , right before your wedding , well think again , buster . I'll see if we can set up a meeting on Thursday the 2nd . Signed , Stuck in Lodi Again
Roger . Mums the word on the gov .
Jim: You available to talk at 9:30 Houston time re: how to stop the next attempt at the ISO board to lower the price caps further ? If not , are you available at about 3 PM houston time to discuss same ? Thanks .
Hi . Hope the ride back to Sacramento went OK last nite . It was nice to see you and catch up . I'm sorry things are so crazy , but in spite of it all , your attitude's pretty good . And your new suede jacket is gorgeous . I know your life is very complicated and I don't want to make it worse , but if you ever have the time and inclination to go to lunch , dinner , movie , whatever , I'd definitely be up for it . Hang in there . Hope to catch up again soon . Best , Jeff
I can help , but what's your timing ?
FYI .
Good points . Paul's traveling . I think it would be a good idea to re-group on the QF issues in California because the terrain has changed considerably in CA . Best , Jeff
plz call re: contact w/pg&e 415.782.7822
hmm . that makes it tougher . it's crisis central today . for quick answers try the ISO website ( caiso.com) . i think you can find all that you need . if not get back to me .
great .
No worries . I'm not going anywhere . Focus on you . If you're body's reacting poorly , swift action is warranted . If there's anything I can do to help , don't hesitate . Hang in there . Best , Jeff
thanks . i'll be here .
FYI . Just got a call from Jan Smutney-Jones . Apparently , word is on the street that Peace intends to begin targeting Enron as an example of the "misconduct" that Peace alleges has occured in California's markets . Smutney thinks Peace may be keying off the comments of the "unnamed" trader in the Dow article claiming that Enron's been buying power and holding on to it . Apparently Peace's other angle is/will be: "The same people who colluded in the design of this market are now colluding to profit unfairly from it." No idea of when and how Peace might launch any attacks . Two immediate thoughts: Apart from the bad reporting in the Dow article , that article shows that Enron got beat by , among others , two federal ( Canada and the US) , one state ( SRP ) and one municipal ( LADWP ) government . David Freeman , who now heads up LADWP , was appointed "Czar" by the State of California and charged with the task of implementing Steve Peace's brain child ( AB 1890) . Freeman set up the ISO and PX market structures . He also set up the Governing Boards .
I love you , sweetie . You didn't run out of gas did you ?
I don't know . did you get the "I love you" email that I sent today ?
DJ PG&E Says Won't Try To Escape Rate Freeze For Now >PCG Copyright ,  2000 Dow Jones & Company , Inc . SAN FRANCISCO ( Dow Jones)--PG&E Corp . ( PCG ) won't try to lift California's state-mandated rate freeze before the end of the transition to a deregulated market , saying it wants to protect its customers from volatile power prices , senior company officials said Wednesday . "We aren't moving at this time to end the rate freeze . But that view might change in the future," said a senior company official , who requested anonymity . PG&E invited reporters to its headquarters Wednesday to discuss plans for repairing a "not workably competitive power market" and several steps the utility plans to file with federal regulators to do that . One proposal that is expected to be filed with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission is a return to cost-based rates , where the price for power would be predetermined based on generation costs . The company wants to temporarily put an end to market-based rates . The utility will also request that California's independent system operator reduce the wholesale power price cap to $100 a megawatt-hour from Company officials said those steps would allow them to recover billions of dollars in unpaid power costs and would stabilize wholesale power prices and protect retail customers . PG&E said generators would still be able to make a profit on power sold in California with the reduced cap , and the company doesn't believe the state's power supply would be in jeopardy from such an action . -By Jason Leopold , Dow Jones Newswires; 323-658-3874;
Sorry , copied distribution list off of Maureen's note from Friday saying no call with the governor and assumed that you two were on it .
cool . sorry i couldn't be of more help . it's meltdown in the land of fruits and nuts .
FYI . CPUC accept our deal on information related to the subpoena ? Best , Jeff
Chris: Sorry for the bother , but edo you have a an electronic version of the Whaley slides ? If so could you email them to me . Or , if you have hard copy , could you fax to me at 415.782.7854 ? Thanks very much .
Good start . Could you drop them into power point and forward along . I'll try to add them to what I'm doing . Thanks .
where are you ? 415.782.7822 .
call in at 415.782.7822 .
It's literally next door to Woodward .
nope .
Hi Kim: Any luck withJackie re: getting together to start the project ? And if there's anything else I can do re: your meeting on Monday , don't hesitate . Leave me a voicemail and let me know how the meeting goes . I'll be in Vancouver with the EBS gang Monday/Tuesday , and if all goes well maybe I can chat up some folks while I'm there . Best , Jeff
Thanks . I agree with the recommendation .
Thanks for the info . That guy was truly out of control at the S.D . hearings . Glad to hear that his rotten bills aren't going anywhere . Who's gonna win the election ? Hope you and your ankle are doing well . Best , Jeff
Greetings: Well , there's a finance midterm coming up and some of us have discussed getting together the weekend before for a study session . I just grabbed an old list from last year so apologies if I've included folks who ain't even in finance , or if I've left some folks off . Sorry to those who received in error , and please forward to anyone else who might be interested . Anyway , anyone interested ? Hope all is well with all . Best , Jeff
Great idea .
My understanding is that the cap is $2500 , but that the PX has filed with FERC to change it ot $350 . My understanding is that FERC has not acted on the request to change it to $350 , but I could be wrong . Dave , Mary , is this your understanding ?
I think it would be a good idea to have Ron Carroll in Watkiss' shop to do a parallel analysis to what we're going to have Mike Day do . Ron's very good and has done much work on these sortrs of issues . You comfortable with that ?
My pleasure . By the way , we're not talking after what the NY baseball teams did to the poor Bay Area teams . Best , Jeff
I think it's fuzzy enough that two good lawyers could give two different views--wanted to ensure that all analytic bases are covered . But I just talked to Mike and he and I think , at least preliminarily , that the PUC could do this absent legislation . He's going to do the analysis . Likely better to let Mike go ahead and do the analysis and if we want to get other opinions , we can make that decision at that time . One last thought: If the PUC could do it , that might be Davis' preference . That way , he and his people are in charge . But it may be difficult ( impossible ) for the Legsilature to resist and Davis may not have the clout to get them to back off .
I've been asked for a copy of the transcript from the FERC hearing in S.D . Any chance of getting that ? And do you folks have a copy of the Peace letter ( treatise ) sent to FERC last week ? If so , could you fax it to 415.782.7854 ? Many thanks . Best , Jeff
Thanks , Mary . Did the PUC accept our deal re: information from the subpoena ?
Monday/Tuesday--Vancouver , BC for EBS meeting Wed--In office Thurs--In office Friday--In office
Steve: I think I already forward these to you , but if not , they're the prices that Henderson came up with for fully shaped prices to the utilities . May be useful re: conversations with the Street about getting the utilities out of procurement . Note that the date on the prices is 10.02.00 so they're somewhat stale , but arguably still indicative . I'm also going to give you the prices Belden just gave us ( prior to the run up yesterday , though ) for prices at SP15 . Best , Jeff
You're in . Yes , I was thinking of offering up my office . Also , what do you think about getting together real soon to start setting up the model for our finance paper ? We'll have to do the research , but I think setting the model up will be about 75% of the project . Best , Jeff
Some documents that Bowen & Co . did on CLEC v . IXC that may still be pertinent .
i love you sweetie . you know it , too . it's that butterfly place we don't like cuz it's right next door .
Here are the very indicative prices Tim gave us for 5 year deals at SP15 . They'll likely change by the time we meet with Sempra on Thursday . 25 MW , on peak ( 6X16): $53/MWh 25 MW , base load ( 7X24): $45/MWh 500 MW , on peak ( 6X16): $55/MWh 500 MW , base load ( 7X24): $47/MWh
My pleasure . Beautiful . Tuesday it is . Have a great weekend .
Thank you . Looks like the gov's office would benefit from charm school .
FYI .
thanks , jeremy . my understanding is that it was sent in today . i'm supposed to get a copy . when i do , i'll forward along to you .
Got bounced back first time . Trying again .
Prentice tell you we're coming up tonite ? Little spades is in order me thinks . You ?
They're still in the formative stage , and the title is korny , but wanted to get the ball rolling . No pride of authorship . Feel free to hack away . Best , Jeff
we'll see you gets a whuppin' . prentice before me . me about 7:30 .
That's actually where it came from . I pulled it from the articles being sent around . This one was important enough that I wanted to get folks' attention . have a great weekend . Best , Jeff
drop prentice's car off at shop; go to dome
Attached for your review is a rough cut at slides we're preparing for the meeting with Sempra next Thursday . Thoughts and comments are appreciated . Please disregard korny title .
Thanks . Didn't get it the first time . Good comments . I'm actually in Vancouver today ( Monday ) and tomorrow . Let's keep sending back and forth and get together Wednesday morning to finalize . I'll get a hold of Calger for his comments . You can leave messages on my voicemail , too . Best , Jeff
Will do . Thanks .
Good morning professor: Unfortunately , I'm traveling on business today ( it's raing in Vancouver ) and can't attend class tonite . I was wondering if you'd be distributing the take home midterm in this evening's class . Also , could you resend the access code for the Craftmade case ? I believe that I copied it down incorrectly . Thank you very much . Best , Jeff
OK , lots of folks are interested . Given that section is on Saturday , I propose 10 AM , this Sunday , at my office ( 101 California , Suite 1950) . If folks have a real problem with that , let me know . Also , please RSVP so that I can arrange things with building security . Best , Jeff
Thanks for the dinners , and the breakfast , and the company . It was fun . And don't get cranky , but I'm going to be in and out of things this weekend since I have midterms Monday and Tuesday . Likely means that I'll be studying in Berkeley and SF during the days on Sat and Sun but will be present for the evenings . H0pe that works . Kisses , Jeff PS I'm trying , lord knows I'm trying , to stay out of it , but it's going to start raining up at the Dome very , very soon...... .
Thank you .
In case word hasn't gotten around , ENA learned COB Friday , that it has been chosen to engage in further negotiations with the ISO for about 450 MWs of projects . The preliminary award is based on ENA's response to the RFQ that the ISO issued last month for "emergency resources."
Thanks for the info . Congratz on the deal .
FYI .
You bet .
Yes , I was in Vancouver from last Sunday evening through late yesterday afternoon . Thank you for checking .
Sure makes sense . One concern . If they buy up to 80% of load , do we run the risk of "stranded cost" problem later down the road when we hit the backwardated part of the curve . Hinges on the term of the contract . Sort of chicken and egg problem . If the buy for short terms , the prices will be high , if they buy for longer terms , the prices will be lower , but the risk of stranded cost rises . Thoughts ?
I'm sorry . Things are so busy that I grabbed an old list that I thought everyone was on . You are most welcome indeed . My office ( 101 Cal , Suite 1950 , from 10 am to noon) . Best , Jeff
Prentice get in touch ? We're coming on Saturday---i'll likely bet there around 4 or 5 . I'll bring the money then . In the meantime , can I order a case of coast zin and one of cab for pick up and payment this weekend , too ? Your ol' boozer Jeff
macaroni and cheese will be fine .
Thanks . do i need to do anything with the form ?
You're a star . Thanks .
oops . sunday .
thanks a bunch . just got it . really appreciate it . yes , thinking about going on saturday . and we s.f . folks are getting together for ( yet another ) review on Sunday from 10 am to noon at my office . you're welcome to come .
Well , you don't have voice mail yet I see . Could you give me a call when you get a minute ( I know that will be tough for the next couple of days ) regarding Margo's voice mail to me . I'd like to talk about one other item as well . Thanks a bunch .
Great . Thanks Seabron .
Knew you'd be dying to know that Barry Staw will be teaching a class on "Creativity" in the Spring . Be sure to reserve your place today ! Best , Jeff
I just figured it was a way for you to finally track him down---you know , show up at his class and get midevil on his ass for a few minutes... . That is a great solution ! You mean work part time , or go to school part time . Very selfishly , I'm of course very glad that you're staying in the evening program . We're actually getting together on Sunday ( I hope I didn't mess things up) . Yes , it's for finance , though you're welcome to join---we can use all the help that we can get . I'm really glad to hear that things are going better . You seemed in pretty good spirits on Tuesday , though I guess that could have partially been due to the big celebration over getting your first ticket . Congratulations ! I'll buy you a beer . I have a feeling that the only reason you haven't gotten one until now is because you've managed to talk your way out of many . Best , Jeff
Dadburnit ! You're not going to believe this . I'm going to be in---you
Oh shit . we forgot to get our picks in . if you page me between 10:45 and 1 PM i can call you and we can figure them out .
First apologies if you're getting this and you ain't even in finance---it's a study list from last year . If it's annoying the heck out of you . Write back and I'll try to modify the list . Second , please forward to those you know I've missed . Just to clarify . Meet at my office on Sunday from 10 am to Noon . Please bring specific questions . We'll go round the room and let folks ask questions and the group will attempt to answer them . Best Jeff
Excellent . We've been wondering why we've been excluded from the bob-zinemailing list . Bob: Nothing personal but I hope both NY teams lose in the world series . Best , Jeff . com> , Subject: RE: email addresses Didn,t know you asked . Sean,s may not be correct , though . Cameron Sellers Vice President , Business Development 1860 Embarcadero Road - Suite 210 Palo Alto , CA 94303 650.798.3366 ( direct dial ) 650.269.3366 ( cell ) 650.858.1095 ( fax )
Got it . The sure-fire way to get me is at "jdasovic@enron.com." Thanks . Best , Jeff cc: Subject: Fwd: Email Glitch Jeff , let me know if you receive this message . Sue Mara asked me to copy yon all emails to the WPTF Board , but I have recently been having everythingreturned for you . Hope all is well .
Hi Mary: When Seab completes the draft of his reader-friendly exec summary , could you make sure that Karen gets a copy to review ? Thanks a million . Best , Jeff
good idea . epsa , too ?
Ok . Here it is . Quick and dirty . Make any changes you like . You're right , if anyone's going to beat St . Louis , it's going to be KC , but I took St . Louis . like , are you back ?
Greetings Folks: Any chance of finalizing the California tariff Monday morning ( have a call , say , 7:30/8:00 AM PDT) ? Let me know . Hope all's well with all . Best , Jeff
Have there been any more reactions to the presentation that McCullough made at the "volatility conference" in Portland last week ?
I have the distinct impression that you're glad this has been finalized... .
Thanks . Remind me to tell you the story of the time that I was on a panel with him . Yours is the most succint description of him that I've heard to date . Was curious whether his rant was getting any traction with people that matter . Sounds like it isn't .
yes . be happy to talk tomorrow . just give a holler when you've a minute . thanks .
welcome to the assylum , sue and mona .
Thanks for taking care of it . Love to room together . See you Sunday .
Lara: I would very much like to attend but have a meeting scheduled that day with Chris Calger ( ENA ) and the CEO and CFO of Sempra Energy ( we're trying to do a deal with them) . That's a date that I can't change . I can meet on Nov . 3rd , or Nov . 7-9 . Hope it's possible to re-arrange Best , Jeff
Thanks , Mark . Sounds good . As it turns out , there is a very slight chance that I might be on the panel in California with Prof . Littlechild . I'll take you/him up on the offer to get together while he's here . Best , Jeff
Unfortunately , I have to get on a plane and go to LA around that time . If it works better , we can discuss on Tueday morning/early afternoon . Just let me know . Best , Jeff
Thanks so much for the gifts . Very sweet . Sorry I was rushed , but I've got a big bad finance midterm on Tuesday that I ain't ready for and work's nuts . But I really want to hear more about the trip . Sounds like it was a blast . You looked lovely in the pictures , all dressed up a la l'Italienne , and you look lovely in your everyday sweatshirt and jeans , too . ( Don't sweat it. ) Prentice and I were planning on going to the Shea's tonite . You guys going ? Also , I'd love to talk to you this weekend if possible about Prentice's bday festivities .
plz call asap when you get a break re: FERC order yesterday on California .
plz call at 415.782.7822 .
Good idea . Unfortunately , I'll be sitting in an office in S.D . with Sempra execs . My apologies . But since this is likely to be ongoing , preference would be to participate in the "first" meeting . actually , i know it's from 10-2 , but i don't know where .
You're a gem . Thanks .
thanks a million .
Glad to see that you made it back to Portland . Sorry about the mess .
FYI . One of our potential competitors . The VP of biz dev at perfect.com is a very good friend of mine . Please forward to anyone I may have inadvertently missed . Best , Jeff
You can count me in for $20 .
You by chance know where the review is tomorrow ? It's from 10 am to 2 pm , right ? Thanks a bunch .
Thanks . See you tomorrow .
Most folks probably listened in to the press conference , but for those that didn't here's a summary of the ISO's proposal to FERC . The description of the proposal was vague and general , and Winters tends to speak in run-on sentences , so if I've gotten anything wrong , please chime in . $100 cap for "old" generation; "new" generation would be exempt . FERC would require generators and SCs to contract forward for at least 70% of their power . For those that meet the 70% requirement , they will be exempt from the $100 cap , and the $250 cap will apply . Winters believes that the 70% requirement , coupled with utility-controled gen , will result in the IOUs scheduling about 85% of load into the forward market . Load and supply that deviate from schedules and go to the real time market will be penalized ( details to be "ironed" out) . The ISO is supposed to make the filing at FERC today .
No sweat . Not a problem . Summary will do fine . Let's definitely try to coordinate for the next meeting . You have a great weekend , too . Best , Jeff
Well , it's a start , but it needs work . See you in LA . Hey , I just forgot , you haven't sent me the address of where it is I'm going !
No need for thanks . These are busy times . Take care .
Thanks . We're going to do it with ENA---dinner at Morton's ( yes , it's beef , beef , beef) . Then "Stomp" afterwards . Taking place on Friday the 15th .
Yes , it did . With many thanks to Scott and Tracy .
god bless you . how's the music biz ? "Bob Hillman" Please respond to "Bob Hillman"
sorry , was traveling in LA yesterday . what's up .
i have a finance midterm and will be at your place around 10 or 10:15 , most likely . be happy to chat . i can't believe those fins .
Well , you're just a bit late . Peter de Vroede already teamed me with him . But I am honored to have been considered . Thanks .
Hi Meg: My understanding is that Peter de Vroede has signed me up with him to room at the offsite . Your records indicate the same ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
glad to here it . best of luck . let us know the locales of your gigs . be great to see you perform . in any case , hope to see you when you back in best ,
you , too . thanks .
FYI . For meeting with PG&E ( which is Tues. , Oct . 31 , from 10 am-Noon ( PDT ) in Enron's SF offices . Best , Jeff
Jim: To say that there was gaming in the UK pool is a significant understatement . Couple thoughts...I'm pretty sure that Seab has done extensive analysis on the UK and he'd likely therefore be very useful in developing rebuttal . ( Though very close to it at one point , I've been removed for a few years. ) Also , Schroeder and his gang could also likely shed some insights , and seems that Schroeder's pretty close now with Littlechild---that might be another avenue for information to rebut . Best , Jeff
Hi Lee: Looks great . Could you do me a favor ? You have "generating company" rep on the agenda . Enron does not see itself as a generating company . In fact , the only generation that we own in California is 50+ MWs of wind power in Southern California . Could you change it to "energy service provider" rep ? Hope that's not a problem . Best , Jeff
My apologies . I thought we had discussed me being on the first panel . Thus , my previous note . I see that I'm on the second , however . Sorry for the confusion . Best , Jeff
Yes , 9:35 would be better . Thanks for asking . Best , Jeff Sent by: owner-eveningmba@Haas.Berkeley.EDU Please respond to Diane Dimeff
I'll participate in the call .
Mary: I don't think that I have the final , final version . Could send me and Stephanie each one ? Thanks a million . Best , Jeff
Greetings: I'm interested in renting the entire compound at "Sans Souci"--18 Avenida Farralone in Stinson Beach from December 15th-17th and was wondering if it's available . Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
thursday/friday work . wednesday is bad .
I could do it in the morning . Say , before 11 am . that work ? but my preference is to have it done before 10 am PST---got to catch a flight for houston .
need correct pin code for call with sanders . thanks , jeff
what's the number ?
Steve: Attached is a memo that reponds to your question: "Can the solution to the utilities' undecollection problem take place at the PUC , or is a legislative fix required?" As we discussed , I'm also attaching a memo from Mike Day on the issue . Bottom line: It's within the PUC's jurisdiction to solve the problem , but the likelihood is high that it will be a key focus of the Legislature in the next session . If you , or anyone on the distribution , have any questions , let me know . Best , Jeff
Thanks for you help , Simon . And Margaret , as always , thank you very much .
Actually ordering El Paso to do what TW already does , so if anything , affirms TW's operating procedures . El Paso has been in the cross-hairs of the entire industry . Interestingly , this suit arose from the lengthy and detailed discussions we all had as part of the settlement---as you can imagine , El Paso saw it as a negative outcome of those talks . We can discuss further when I'm in Houston tomorrow and Friday . Best , Jeff
tuesday--in office
Investigation FERC poised to launch proposal Meeting in LA w/Karen Denne EBS Updates PG&E Gas Accord II Holiday party update
I'm leaving for Houston at noon today , but could participate by phone . Juslet me know . cc: Edwin Essandoh/HOU/EES@EES , Tim Carter/HOU/EES@EES Subject: Re: CTC definition Sue , Mona , and Dasovich-- Would one of you be available for about 30 mins or so tomorrow p.m . ( Thurs)to square away this issue ( maybe around 3 or 4 or so) ? My recollection ofour original contract language was to capture all of the post-transition period CTCs as set forth in AB1890 , so maybe we just need to broaden or clarify what we mean by "residual CTCs" . I'll actually be at 101 Cal starting in the p.m . tomorrow , so this could work out pretty well . Otherwise , I'll be in SR on Friday and then in SoCal next week but back inSFO on next Weds for a two day LSI seminar ( Dasovich you're speaking at it?Thurs and Fri so we could discuss then too . Sorry for the short notice and I hope I'll at least be able to say hi to everyone tomorrow . Andy
I know . Bummer . Hey , I'm leaving for Houstong in about 30 minutes . Could you refresh my memory on what I owe you for the coastal and the acacia and I'll quickly send you a check right now ! Thanks again for the lobster and fun last weekend . Sorry I didn't get back on Sunday . I cannot believe the Dolphins.... .
Did I respond ? ( Life is nuts; I'm losing it. ) Anyway , Peter de Vroede signed my up with him last week ( so I'm not sure why I'm still on the list) . Anywho , would have been fun . Sorry I'm already booked . Had the midterm last nite--wasn't nearly as bad as I thought it would be , though I'm sure I made about a thousand dumb little mistakes . Best , Jeff
hi sweetie . should we buy some ? Sent by: owner-eveningmba@Haas.Berkeley.EDU Please respond to Will C Birdsey
we're going to be at the dome , me thinks .
sorry . yes , i can .
So it is the 2nd after all ? Thought it might be the first , which I could have made . The 2nd doesn't work---have set up a meeting with ENA to meet with Sempra execs to see if a deal can be done ( yeah , right) . But since it's that early on the 2nd , I can call in by conference call and attend the first 90 minutes , or so . Will that work ? In other exciting news , going to meet with the lawyers and Bowen either this afternoon or first thing in the morning tomorrow . You want to join ? And should I see if Scott and/or Donald want to attend ? Just let me know . Best , Jeff
looks fine to me .
as you know , prentice is a world class procrastinator---i've been trying to get her to get in touch with steve , larry , ed & co . for about a month to see if they can play on the weekend of dec . 16/17 , and she , of course , ain't done it . by the way , i may have found a really cool "compound" in stinson beach . could you get in touch with those guys and see if they can do it . sorry to bug you with it , but i think it's best if you guys contact them . thanks a million .
Little bird tells me that I may be lunching with you two at the 4 seasons today . Is that right ?
Greetings: I tried to log in with the information provided: ID--90008808; password--WELCOME . Haven't been able to get in , though . Let me know if there's someone that you'd like me to contact to get it resolved . Thanks . Best , Jeff
12 it is . i'll need to leave at 1 pm to catch my plane . we should be able to get things done in an hour . Best , Jeff
no , no , no . thank YOU !
excellent .
You're in luck ! The meeting's from noon to 1 pm CST , so you can attend . Do you feel lucky ? Would you like to participate---the option's yours . I'll invite Scott , too . If you'd like to attend , should we call you from the conference room ? Best , Jeff
Chris: Here it is . Sorry about the delay . Had to track down the final . Best , Jeff
if you want to talk , page me at 888.916.7184 . i'll call you back . i'm in
nope . here today . back tonite . you can page me at 888.916.7184 .
I don't know , though I don't think so .
I'm throwing together some messages points . I'll forward to you for slashing .
Thank you . If you'r open tomorrow ( Sunday) , I'll call you then . Best , Jeff Dasovich
FYI . Seems like we've given the Governor quite a bit up to this point , but there may be some good reasons to , as they say , keep on giving . Perhaps we can discuss further as part of our meeting on Monday . Best , Jeff "Katie Kaplan" Please respond to kaplan
Congratulations . Everyone is extremely pleased that you're joining . Best of luck and very much looking forward to working together . Best , Jeff
I'll believe it when I see it . Seems like a good idea to keep the heat on
Thanks . I'm glad they want to follow-up with Steve ( I've been pushing it ) and I've got some follow-up as well based on chats I had in the afternoon on Friday with folks post-call . Let's regroup on Monday . I'll be in Portland but can call you . Best , Jeff
Attached for your review are draft talking points for the Cal Energy Markets conference I'm speaking at on Thursday in SF . All comments , suggestions , etc . are appreciated . Thanks .
Yes , I would like to participate . Thanks .
thanks a million . talk to you then .
Attached is a rough draft of my talking points for a panel I'll be on at a CEM conference in SF on Thursday afternoon . Have distributed to Western GA team ( plus Steffes ) for comment and thought you may have some , too . Topic for panel , "PUC Priorities." Goal is to ( politely? ) refute Loretta Lynch's and Carl Woods' continued assertions that 1 ) California's move to deregulate was based solely on ideology with no basis in fact and 2 ) the solution is to turn back the clock to command-and-control regulation . The FERC order tomorrow is likely to alter the points somewhat . Comments are much appreciated . Best , Jeff
Chris: As we discussed yesterday , Laird and I spoke and we think that the presentation is good to go for Thursday . We'll need to update the numbers for the offer we made to S.D . last week . You had mentioned that you might want to include a shaped product . You still considering it ? Let us know and we can add it , and make any other changes you'd like to make at this end . My flight gets into S.D . at at 8:35 on southwest . Best , Jeff
Sandi sez it's actually happening at 10 AM and it's renewable-focused .
Here are the messages as I understand them . Please let me know if I've misconstrued anything . Thanks . FERC got a lot right in the order and we're very encouraged as a result . In particular , ending the PX buy/sell requirement and permitting utilities to manage risk through a portfolio of short and long term contracts is a fundamental step in the right direction . However , the proposed price cap is unworkable and will jeopardize realibility in California . As structured , it will: discourage the development of new generation to serve California fail to provide adequate incentives for demand responsiveness . force Enron to abandon 300 MWs of new power projects planned for California . We look forward to participating in FERC's process and are hopeful that FERC's final order will fix the deficiencies in the current price cap proposal . We encourage California to work with FERC to implement the proposals and quickly fix the flaws in the market on behalf of the state's consumers .
with "much" of what i said ?
Got calls in to Richard at PG&E and Reed at Sempra . Will report back .
anything you want , honey . I love you .
Lord help us . Call whenever you'd like to discuss the call ( that Palmer forgot to tell you about) .
Thank you .
My bet is that Pat will be at NARUC . I think that Michael Moore , PhD Economist and CEC commissioner would be very good ( I tried Bilas--he's got a conflict ) and don't think it's a problem that he and Larson are both on because they'll come with two quite different takes . P.S . FERC dropped a bomb on California today .
Apologies . I'm in S.D . with Calger and Dyer to meet w/Sempra tomorrow morning .
Will do , thanks . See you at the Alaska gate .
Thanks . FYI--I'll be participating on the second panel . Best , Jeff
Gee , sounds great . Can't wait . Congratz on keeping the sky from falling out there . Best , Jeff
Just got back from Sacramento . Davis still pandering.. .
thanks . let's discuss further .
Wanted to make sure that you knew that today FERC declared the cap that the ISO Board voted out last week "null and void," which means that we're back to the old $250 cap . FERC proposed a "soft" $150 cap that would take effect in 60 days , however . Call if you have questions . Best , Jeff
My schedule has blown apart for tomorrow--traveling . Possible to meet this weekend to discuss the project ? Either day's fine with me . Apologies for the last minute change . Best , Jeff
Is there a suggested time for the meeting ? I'm pretty open . I'd like to be sure that Jim and Paul and Mary Karen Denne can participate , too . Do we need to have other commercial folks on the call ( e.g. , Calger , Belden , someone
are you and scott available this weekend to look at the place i'm thinking about renting in stinson for prentice's birthday ?
thank you very much .
Sandi and Dave and Mike will dicuss further on the call on Monday but wanted to disseminate info regarding the meeting that Joe Ronan of Calpine offered on an IEP call today: The meeting was attended by a lot of folks of all stripes . Wright was very critical of how the Governor is handling the issue and wants to craft a solution with the industry and then invite the Governor to get on board . Wright threw a whole laundry list of options on the table for folks to consider ( Dave's typing up his notes from the meeting for distribution later today ) One of Wright's key concern is forward contracting . The utilities said that Loretta Lynch is the problem with the onerous "prudence" criteria she's imposing on utility forward contracts . Those onerous criteria keep the utility from contracting . Much discussion of what California does on the gas side , i.e. , set an objective benchmark price; if the utility beats it , they profit; if they do worse , they take the hit . The utility , under this framework , has broad flexibility to contract forward , i.e. , PUC gets out of the way . ( FYI: Coincidentally , I suggested this approach in very broad terms--pointing to the fact that it's already successfully in use on the gas side--during a panel discussion that I participated in yesterday at the California Energy Markets conference. ) The utilities told Rod Wright that they did not want , nor did they have the expertise , to get back into the generation business .
I have NO idea how I sent the email to jackie at kim's email address . apologies . i'm losing it . did you guys meet last nite to discuss the project ? If not , do you want to meet this weekend for a wee bit to discuss ? i'm in town . just let me know . i can't find ted's email on any notes and i'm too lazy ( flaky ) to search it out . best , Jeff
great . you going to the game ?
that sounds good . what if it's saturday ? is there a time you could go ? ( why so much interest in the niner game ?
11 am it is on saturday . yes i'm going to see kathy cowlick .
Of course , I will be hurt and disappointed if the Sellers family doesn't vote its conscious , doesn't vote for the candidate that truly represents the values that the Sellers family stands for . That candidate is , of course , Ralph Nadar . Amen , Jeff P.S . Rory and Timi love Dr . Laura .
just got a call from the realtor . they expect us at 11 am at their office in S.B . tomorrow . lalime's ( sp? ) is cool . ask prentice about it .
don't change the subject . vote your concious . gore voted for scalia AND
one down , four to go.... . god bless scott .
OK . Looks like Saturday's out . I'm game for tomorrow . Morning ? Afternoon ? We can meet at my office if you'd like , or at a cafe . Let me know . Best , Jeff
FYI . My understanding is that Martin and Doug are going to be focused on DG in California .
Yes . You can expect it this weekend . My apologies for being tardy . Also , I think you should make a stab at getting Mike Kahn , Chair of the California Electricity Oversight Board on one of the panels . I can make a contact and I don't think that it's too late to try . He'd be very good . Very close to the governor .
FYI . We'll get a call in number first think Monday morning . Paul , do you want to notify Calger , Belden and Thomas in Portland ?
FYI . How to remedy the "PX only" flaw in California's market has been on the table for some time . I've felt for some time that the gas model offers a good point of departure for coming up with a more rationale alternative to the current framework . As mentioned in a previous note , I made that point at the California Energy Market conference last week . The EOB's chief economic consultant , who also spoke at the conference , was intrigued by my comments and has asked me to go up to Sacramento sometime in the next week or two to discuss it--and other options--with him . My understanding is that the idea coincidentally got some attention at the Wright meeting last week . With all of that in mind , I wanted to pass on a very brief summary of the gas procurement mechanisms currently in place for PG&E and SoCalGas that I asked Mike Day's shop to draft up last month . It might come in handy as prep for the call on Monday to discuss the Wright meeting . Best , Jeff
Harry: Seems like a good idea for you to participate to ensure that EES is in the loop . Assemblyman Rod Wright's trying to find a solution that the whole industry can embrace , which he'd then foist on the Governor . Sandi , Parquet and Day attended the first meeting last week . I'll forward to you Parquet's notes from the meeting . We'll be setting up a call in number first thing Monday morning . Best , Jeff
Here it is .
Given the emphasis from all quarters on the need for retail competition to make California work , would seem useful to strike a balance between the degree to which the comments emphasize wholesale and retail reforms . And for the record , Sue , no I don't talk like that . Best , Jeff
Mike: Call Paul and/or Mona about energy attorneys in Arizona . ( Paul: 503.464.7945. ) Don't give any good talent to our competitors ! Best , Jeff
The call-in number for the 12:30 ( PST)/2:30 ( CST ) phone call is: dial in: 888.476.6127 code: 125995 Thanks , Jeff
Reminder we have a call at 3 PM PST/5 PM CST re: CLEC/Tariff in CA/Authority to dig in CA . We'll use the internal bridge , which I believe is: 888.311.9051 and the code is 60396 . Best , Jeff
Have a great time in Nashville . Don't forget to vote . Gray gonna be there ?
We can uninvite steffes , hain , denne , kingerski , comnes if having them on presents any problems . I hadn't included Marcie on the call , but would be happy to include her , too . just let me know .
Mary: Please include me in the call with Mr . Sanders & Co . Best , Jeff
Ditto . Sounds good . Talk to you tonite .
FYI . I'll be participating in a "round table discussion" on California next Monday on the Berkeley campus . It's being sponsored by the Policy School and some folks from the Business School . Laura Tyson and a former FCC mucky-muck ( Howard Shalansky ) will moderate the two panels . Alums who now work in the energy biz are putting up funding for the event ( e.g. , Columbia , American Public Power Ass. ) We're providing a modest stipend . There are two "round tables." First one is "Why did we do this?," and the second one is "Where to from here?" I'll be on the second panel . Go to the attached website for agenda and other info . I intend to pull from the messages , filings and other materials that we've developed over the course of the last several weeks/months . I'll distribute talking points for review and comment sometime this week . But please feel free to send thoughts , suggestions , etc . early and often . Best , Jeff
Dear Colleagues , The draft website is ready to go public . It has been linked to the gspp website . It is still the same address: Talk to you all soon . Best wishes , Heather
i'm calling marcie as we speak .
FYI: Sue stopped by and wanted to discuss your email re: launching missiles over email to the world . I told her that 1 ) folks are understandably sensitive regarding the info that gets to commercial folks , 2 ) she should continue sending those notes out and 3 ) she should restrict the distribution list for such notes to GA , which gives the team a chance to discuss the issues and to decide what info to push out to commercial folks , and avoids rather everyone just willy-nilly sending out notes and potentially getting commercial folks whipped up into an ( unintentional and unnecessary ) frenzy . I think she took it well and I think she'll make a practice . Only time will tell .
Congratulations .
Is this something they've said publicly ? If so , have they provided any rationale ? Thanks .
thank you . if you get a chance , give a jingle and give me the brief rundown on where we left off on part 1 . thanks .
Gee , and at $120/bottle , I can load up on a few cases . At that price , the Mondavi's must be hoping Bush wins so America can spend the tax break on that tasty Reserve . ( Kidding! ) Do you qualify for the discount on the Reserve , too ? GO RALPH !
another ugly stereotype that is still alive and well in america . I am so hurt , nancy . so hurt .
Greetings Wayne: Sorry that I missed the last meeting . I'll be attending by phone this week , but would like to attend in person as often as I can ( understanding that our meetings will be weekly) . Now don't shoot me , but I was wondering if it might be possible to have the meetings on Thursday mornings . That way I could actually be in Houston for the meetings ( which my schedule doesn't permit me to do on Wednesdays) . If it's too complicated , don't sweat it; I can continue to do the meetings by phone . But if Thursdays can fit into folks' schedule , that would be great . Thanks and talk to you on Wednesday . Best , Jeff
Have you drafted any talking points yet ? I'm working on what I'll focus on for the conference at Berkeley next Monday and would love to crib from your comments . Best , Jeff
and do you get the discount for the 97 Reserve ?
I've tried to capture in the document Dave sent around on Friday , the preliminary conclusions/directions we came up with in today's meeting . If I've mangled or missed anything , please chime in . If folks have information ( i.e. , bullet points ) to discuss at Wednesday's meeting regarding the various issue areas they're thinking about , please foward along to me by COB tomorrow and I'll compile for distribution first thing Wednesday morning . Best , Jeff
SF all week .
go right ahead and choose me as a reviewer .
Wayne: If you insist , we can pass on Thanksgiving . Others: Any problems with changing the meeting to Thursdays ? If the meetings are going to continue on a weekly basis , I'd like to try to attend in person as much as possible ( i.e. , schedule permitting) . Currently , my schedule doesn't permit me to be in Houstons on Wednesday mornings . But Thursdays would work . If it makes things too complicated , not a problem . Best , Jeff
You're welcome .
Question: re: "cat herding." Do we have the participants list yet ? I've got a call in to Smutney ( IEP)---Sue talked to him about the cap yesterday and I'm piling on today . If we can give Smutney an alternative to "the $150 cap's OK," then we can likely persuade him . Tim: Be useful to know as soon as possible if the alternative Steve suggests below ( i.e. , >$150 bids with no disclosure ) is palatable . If other specific CA generators are participating on the panel , we'll need to know who they are in order to "assist" them with their price cap-related comments . Best , Jeff
Dave and I talked . I've talked to Chris Foster ( midmarket in Portland) . He's sending me 1 ) illustrative examples of offers we've made to each of the three IOUs , 2 ) deals we've done with the IOUs to date ( only one thus far with PG&E) . Laird Dyer will get back to me with the muni deals we've thus far Best , Jeff
Hi . My palm for some reason isn't syncing . Could you have Chris give me a call to try to get it to work ? Thanks a bunch . Best , Jeff
Thanks . I can be on the call . One other thing . If there's anything you need me to do re: Bowen's bill for services , don't hesitate to let me know . Best , Jeff
de nada
Thanks a million . Will keep you in the loop on what's going on between now and Thursday . And don't hesitate if you need anything , or if there's anything that you want to add to the stew .
plz call asap re: dow reporter called to talk ISO peakers . thx , jeff
plz chk email re: conversation w/smutney on price caps . best , Jeff
To help herd cats , might be useful to get to the generators via multiple contact points . My understanding is that the Houston-to-Houston contacts are good ones . We'll continue to work it via IEP and generator contacts here in California .
Steve: I'm not sure how far along you are with the comments , but California's insistence on micro-managing utility purchases is really standing in the way of developing a competitive , functional market . The prospect of having Ms . Lynch in particular and the State of California generally as a counter party in every transaction is a huge disincentive for the utilities to transact . ( Though the situation in California has now put the utilities into a "damn the torpedoes" mode and persuaded them to transaction despite the regulatory risk. ) Clearly , the first best answer is utility-out-of-the-merchant-function . But given the political climate in California , we're likely to have the utility in the role of buyer , at least in the near term . For the market to work in a structure with utility as buyer , the CPUC and California need to get out of the way . Otherwise , it's a never-ending quagmire . A couple of PUCs ago , the CPUC set up an incentive mechanism for utility gas procurement . Under that mechanism , a benchmark is set . If the utility beats the benchmark , it shares the benefits with consumers . If it does worse than the benchmark , it shares the pain with consumers . It's a model that works , that's simple and that's compatible with competitive markets . It ain't perfect , but it's head and shoulders above the regulator-as-counterparty that the current PUC has put in place . Given the brief time you'll have , there may be other more critical issues , but this one is getting increasing attention out here in the land of lunacy . Jeff
Nope .
Hey , I know it's a pain , but I think there would be value in getting together ( if folks are available ) on Thursday evening from 7-10 with ( lots of ) beer and pizza and grind through the finance case . We can do it at my apartment , or anywhere else you folks would like to do it . Thoughts ?
as far as i'm concerned ted' off the team , period . ( we kid! ) Tomorrow's fine with me .
Jeez , you're a superman . Talk to you on the call tomorrow .
Your panel: Bill Reed: 619.696.4542 Mike Florio 415.929.8876 Terry Winter: 916.351.2222 Jim Macias: 925.600.2306 . Between us , we know them all well . Be happy to help contact . Best , Jeff
Couldn't persuade them to stay in D.C. ? Ought to be a lot of fun . Hope all's well with all the craziness out there . Best , Jeff
Hi . We'll need to add this to the update . Hot off the press . Best , Jeff
Can't they stay in D.C. ?
Good friend of mine's going to Napa to see wineries . Looking for everyone's favorites to pass along . Suggestions ?
both ! "Eldon Sellers" Please respond to eldon
How can I get info on deals we've done to you ? Jeff
will do . best of luck--and have fun ( I'm sure you will) . best , Jeff
thanks , man . what the hell's going to happen??? ? talk about grateful dead . it's an election acid trip .
dude , which way's florida going to go ? and what happened with the Cal legislature . D's get 2/3's in the senate ?
Greetings: Any word on when we're set to meet with the AG , ( day , time , city?) . Thanks a lot . Jeff
FYI . Any winery suggestions for my pal ? You're guy Jason seems like a great find . Congratulations .
i'm off the call . all yours . that ok ? kisses .
what time's the call tomorrow ?
Hey: we meeting tonite ? can you BELIEVE this bloody election ?
Steve: Here are the deals and offers . The desk is concerned about two things: 1 ) that we not make the specific of the deals/offers public . They're fine with general statements like "the offers are below the price cap." 2 ) they have good relationships with the IOUs and the munis and are starting to do a lot of deal; as such , they expressed concern about any comments that might agitate them and make them disinclined to transact with us ( sound familiar) ? If there's anything else you need , for if you have any questions about this material . Don't hesitate . Good luck . Best , Jeff
Talked to Bill Reed . In his comments , he will say: FERC should be more prescriptive . Can't wait for a new board , made of new people , to act . FERC needs to be more assertive--I told him we're all for leadership from FERC . They will strongly support the end of the buy-sell requirement and express concern about the CPUC's micromanagement of utility purchases--I told him we'd have a similar message on that issue . FERC should "PJM" the California market--I told him we would differ significantly on that issue , i.e. , PJM-ing generaly , and "merging" the PX and the ISO . He said his comments on "refunds" would be "narrow" and would point out that the FERC staff report says there is evidence of specific "bad actors" and that those bad actors should be required to give refunds--I told him that our position hasn't changed on retroactive ratemaking . I explained our position on getting more information to the market sooner . He said that it sounds like a good idea . I told him about our message on price caps . He said that he would stress that price caps ought to be a temporary "fix," and should be removed just as soon as the market is "functional." Steve: I told him he should search you out prior to the start of the panel tomorrow and talk more . Best , Jeff Best , Jeff
We can meet at my meager apartment if you like . Around 7 ?
Sounds good . We SF folks will do 1-4; East Bay folks have 5-7 .
i have no parking . let's meet at your place . kim and i can carpool and take the "legal" spot . what's the address ?
Market Surveillance Committee report is smallest file , oldest doc ( August) , and probably the best message from our prespective , particularly the solutions . PX report is the biggest file and the newest ( 11.1.00) .
Check email re: talked to Bill Reed; info on deals in CA; ISO/PX docs . Best , Jeff
OK , here's the list: Mondavi's always a classic , and up the hill is La Famiglia ( Mondavi brand that's a sweet view , great place to have a picnic lunch , and it has some neat Hess collection . Sterling . Jarvis--truly amazing ( and ostentatious--wait till Beth sees the woman's restroom! ) But you must call NOW to try to get in . Cordonui ( sparkling wine ) also has a very lovely view . Stag's Leap . Up valley ( Calistoga way ) is Chateau Montellana ( sp?) , which has really wonderful wine . Finally , if you would like , I might be able to tap into a connection and get you in at Opus ( Mondavi--maybe one of the best wines , dare I say , anywhere) . Please let me know if you'd like to do Opus , and I'll get on it pronto . And if you want to do Jarvis , call now ! Hess Collection . Opus . Sterling . Mondavi . Jarvis ( if you can get in) .
Greetings Folks: As you know , the Gas Accord is coming to an end and PG&E's trying to figure out where to go from here . I would argue that what happens with PG&E is equally , if not more , important as what happens with SoCal . As you also know , we're faced with a retrograde PUC that , by all accounts , longs for the "halcyon days" of command-and-control regulation . As such , I think it would be very useful , and cost-effective , to pull together the effective coalition we established in the SoCalGas settlement . In that coalition , some of us contributed dollars and some contributed experts . I think we should employ that approach again . I asked Mike Day , who I think most agree , did a pretty good job of representing us in the SoCal settlement , to make a proposal for representing us in the PG&E case . Mike's proposal is attached . Finally , if there's anyone else you think we ought to include in our coalition , please let me know . Let me know what you think . Hope all is well with you and yours . Best , Jeff Jeff: Goodin , MacBride is willing and able to represent a coalition of end-users , marketers , and other interested parties in the PG&E Gas Accord II proceeding in much the same fashion that it represented multiple parties in the GRI proceeding in both PG&E and SoCalGas settlements . We would propose to split our monthly billings for legal fees and expenses equally between the parties who agree to join such a coalition . In exchange for joining the coalition , parties would receive frequent updates on the status of settlement talks and other proceedings , participate in conference calls to reach decisions on coalition positions , and have the ability to call on the GMSRD lawyers on the case in order to answer specific questions or provide any other useful information . I envision using several attorneys for various portions of the proceeding , including using associates and paralegals for research , and other GMSRD partners with gas experience for preparation of pleadings , etc . However , most of the face to face negotiating , including working with Commissioners and advisors as necessary , would be done by myself as lead partner on the case . I have attached a fee schedule for the GMSRD attorneys who would likely have some involvement in the case . Because the majority of this work will be done in 2001 , these rates reflect our new 2001 hourly fees . However , in an effort to encourage participation in the coalition , and because several potential members of the coalition are past or existing clients , we propose to reduce our standard fees with a 15% discount for all participants in the coalition . With this discount , these would be the lowest fees available to any of our clients in the coming year . I have not made any type of estimate of legal expenses for this proceeding , as it is exceedingly difficult to forecast how protracted the proceedings will be . Once we begin participating in the proceeding and we collectively decide how best to proceed in terms of actual participation in the case , we can provide frequent budget reports and make more useful budgetary estimates . If you require some type of estimation sooner than that , please let me know . Thank you for your interest in using our services . Please contact me directly at ( 415 ) 765-8408 if you have any questions . Mike Day , partner Goodin , MacBride , Squeri , Ritchie & Day GMSRD Fee Schedule for Gas Accord II proceedings Michael Day $300 Jeanne Bennett $220 Heather Patrick , paralegal $ 85
Hi . Sorry for the delay . Today's big FERC hearing has had me wrapped up . Please read the following and keep VERY confidential---it's an internal PG&E summary . Electronic version of OII to follow . Best , Jeff
thanks again for hosting . most kind of you , and we seemed to make a lot of progress . did you get enough money for dinner ?
Thanks . Will do . It's going to be a long haul .
Hi . How you feeling these days ? From whom can I get copies of the following presentations ? Thanks a billion .
thanks very much . can you email me a copy of the OII ? let's get together for coffee sometime and discuss things .
Thanks . Wow , can you believe only a week ? ( I bet you can. ) I'll be thinking of you . Best of luck . Will miss you while you're out .
Thanks . FYI: I won't need accomodations . I'll only be there for the day on Tuesday .
I've got an idea . Howzabout Ted cooks and you clean up ? Seriously , though , I'll try to host next time at my humble apartment .
you @ ferc ? if so , give kahn my best , and tell him we look forward to the flood of plants he'll approve next week . peace will never change . Jeff
you hearing this horseshit ? jeff
for the "JN" presentation , could you send me the one that Gil Muhl gave ? Thanks a bunch .
the hard copy i have ( it's from the "media binder" developed for our offsite at the Woodlands on 9.19.00 ) has the number JN-2080039 . it's from gil's presentation to the AGA on 9.19.00 . Thank , Jeff
that's wierd . i'm , of course , very bummed .
thanks . love to , but my schedule won't let me be there . see you tuesday . "Delaney Hunter" Please respond to dhunter
Could you please send me the number you gave me before for purposes of getting the check to you ? Thanks so much . Jeff
Hi Ginger: Rick and I spoke and decided that it would be a good idea to provide UC Berkeley's Graduate School of Public Policy with a small stipend of $2,500 to help underwrite a conference they're sponsoring with the business school on Monday . I'll be participating in the conference . Could you please make the check payable to ( the faceless ) "UC Regents" and send it to: Heather Cameron Richard and Rhoda Goldman School of Public Policy University of California 2607 Hearst Avenue Berkeley , CA 94720 The school's Federal Taxpayer ID is: 946002123 . Thanks very much . If you have any questions , don't hesitate . Best , Jeff
Mark: Faced with the price spikes in California , the new administration led by Governor Davis has been pretty hostile toward deregulation . Perhaps the administration's ( and its California PUC ) hostility represents a "placeholder" until the administration comes up with it's own plan to "fix" the mess that California refers to as a "market." As such , there hasn't been much coming out of the California PUC other than rhetoric regarding the fact that Republicans , not Democratics , restructured California's market and the desire to go backwards to good 'ol cost-of-service , command-and-control regulation . However , the ISO and the PX have issued interesting reports , which I'll forward in a seperate email . I look forward to seeing Prof . Littlechild at the conference on Monday . He's on the first panel , I'm on the second . I've attached the URL for info on the conference . Best , Jeff well , don't seem to be an electronic copy out there . trying to get a hard copy .
plz call re: OPUS . jeff
FYI . December 2000 HEADLINE: "Perfection in California" AUTHOR: Wilfred Wong SUMMARY: Recommended: 1997 Opus One Napa Valley Red Wine ( 100 ) -- Could the 1997 Opus One be that elusive wine that one never finds ? In my continual pursuit for wine nirvana , I have traveled to Bordeaux and back with stops in Italy and Australia and for what ? Besides losing my luggage , tracking through customs and using non-functional phone cards , I have been searching for that wine of perfection . Could this wine finally be the one ? This just released Opus One may be the absolute finest young red wine I have ever tasted in a bottle ( barrel samples don't count) . Aristocratically structured the 1997 Opus One magnificently perfumes the air with aromas of ripe , succulent fruit , fragrant , sweet earth and delicate , white flowers . Persistent to the point of perfection , this wine does not allow its captive audience to escape its web of Cabernet ecstasy . Made with the five important varietals of Bordeaux ( 82% Cabernet Sauvignon , 8% Cabernet Franc , 5% Merlot , 4% Malbec , and 1% Petit Verdot) , this spellbinding wine commands attention . This is my top wine of the year . ( Best Served 2002-2018) . ( $130 )
darling . please . don't taunt me . i'm now too flustered for words . got your page and voicemail . been wrapped up ALL day . i'll try to call later . give me your number again , please .
Simon doesn't have Gil Muhl's presentation ( job # I have is the "JN" one listed below) . Do either of you konw how I might get a copy ? Thanks . Best , Jeff P.S . Margaret . Got your voicemail . Thanks . Will call you as soon as I'm able .
FYI .
OK , the tours are booked ( it ain't much anyway) . But you're on the guest list for a complimentary OPUS tasting ( see previous note) . OPUS is across the street from and just south of the main Mondavi winery . When you get there , check in with the concierge , who will have your name and will set up with the complimentary tasting . It gets real crowded sometimes , which causes them to close the gates . If that occurs , you simply need to buzz the intercom and give them your name and they'll let you in and set you up . You should really do the tasting----the wine is simply awe-inspiring and it's a cool place . Finally , they're open from 10:30-3:30 . Later it gets , crazier it gets . I suggest you try to get there around 11:30 , which will ensure that you get the attention you deserve . Have a great time . Best , Jeff
FYI .
Greetings . I really encourage you folks to be in close contact with Robbi and company . Please keep me tightly in the loop about any conversations , activities , etc . Thanks a million . Best , Jeff
John: I haven't received an email from you about tomorrow's meeting . Unfortunately , I need to reschedule . I apologize---you may have read in the papers about the electricity "crisis" underway in California . It's taking up a considerable amount of my time these days . I would be happy to reschedule for next week . Wed-Fri . Just let me know . Best , Jeff
John: We must thinking alike . I just sent you a note . I apologize , but I need to reschedule . Monday and Tuesday of next week don't work , but Wed . thru Thurs . do . Just let me know what works for you . Again , my apologies , and I look forward to meeting next week . Best , Jeff
Monday--Morning office; Afternoon--UC Berkeley participating in roundtable on California electricity crisis Tuesday--AB 1890 implementation group--presentation on gas issues in California Wed--In office Thurs--in office Fri--in office
Greetings: Bowen's aide just called Mona and said that California State Senator Bowen is going to have a hearing on MONDAY in California as a follow-on to the FERC hearing that took place today . We've been invited to attend . Focus of hearing: Repeat of today's hearing , but have it California's house , rather than FERC's . Based on his Oscar-winning performance at today's hearing , Steve Kean's the one Bowen's office has requested . Possible to have a very quick call to get folks' view on the pros and cons of participating in the hearing---recall that Peace sits on Bowen's committee---and whether Steve Kean can be persuaded to come to California ? Or perhaps we can send a video-tape of Steve to be played to the Committee ? ( "You people in California are crazy , but other than that you're a swell group of people." ) If possible , we would like to have the call at 10 AM ( CST)/8 AM ( PST) . Please let me know if this works for folks . And if it does work , Ginger could you set up a call-in number ? Best , Jeff
This schedule is correct .
you're very welcome .
Greetings Diane: Well , the TeleBears on the Web seems to be experiencing some "technical difficulties" and I've thus far been unable to register . I'll keep trying ! In the meantime , I want to make sure that I don't miss any deadlines for the 1-unit courses . I intend to sign up for the E291-B course ( Speaking for Management) . When do I need to sign up by ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
Just talked to Sue re: yesterday's meeting and before I shoot myself in the head , I just wanted to say it's been great working with you guys . Unbelievable... . In any case , congratulations . Sounds like , all in all , it was a good meeting . Scott: has Oregon figured out who they voted for yet ?
Given the short notice , we will politely decline to participate at the hearing on Monday , but will let the good Senator know that , in general , we intend to engage actively in the process and plan to help California find a solution that works for everybody . Amen .
the feeling is quite mutual . best ,
I apologize if I offended anyone . Please let them know that I was simply quoting the CEO of a large , regulated utility in California . Thanks for attributing the quote to me . You did a great job at the hearing----it went decidely downhill after you left . Best , Jeff
Thank you for the note . I'm very much looking forward to meeting you , and hope that you can visit the office while your hear to discuss California . How long will you be visiting ? Best , Jeff
u going to w.palm beach to help christopher ?
go for it . not enough people fighting any good fights anymore . instead , we get the likes davis and peace . best of luck .
thank you very much . i left a message on her voicemail . that oughta do for now .
Attached is a draft of taking points I'll use for the conference on Monday . If you'd like to see the agenda , here's the URL: I'm on the "summit's" second panel: "What do we do now?" I've been asked to identify the big problems , propose solutions , and identify the forum for the solution ( e.g. , CPUC , CA Legislature , FERC) . There are two documents . One is a document that I previously distributed and used as talking points for the Cal . Energy Markets conference last week . The other is a table listing the issue , the solution and the forum . I have 5-10 meetings to make opening remarks , then there will be a discussion led by the "facilitator." All comments are appreciated . Best , Jeff
You coming diving with me and Shea tomorrow ? You gotta do it , man .
i don't know the exact address . it's between 15th and 16th , same side as the mission .
oh boy , you opened the flood gates on this one , missie .
Tim: I think this is Rob's new email address . Best , Jeff
Hey folks: Here's my rough cut at question #'s 1-4 . Let me know what you think . Best , Jeff
Greetings . Lately , my email's been mangling addresses when I reply . Just noticed that I got alot of "couldn't send/big error" messages from the answers I emailed out late last nite . Did anyone get them ? I'm trying again . Please let me know if you get this one . Thanks , and sorry about the mixup . Best , Jeff
That's a great idea , and I think that it would be useful to meet with her . In fact , I think it's important to meet one-on-one with as many legislators as possible , because I agree that the facts are pretty darned friendly . I'll look into setting up a meeting with her . Bowen in particular is being advised by enviros who think de-regulation is still the best way to go . And if it weren't for the for the "undercollection/refund" issues , I think that she'd be pushing to move ahead . Unfortunately , while she may not be focused principally on a hanging , that's likely to be where the hearing goes . She's been unable in past to control Peace at her hearings . Best , Jeff
Mona and I plan to be in Sacramento tomorrow at an AB 1890 Implementation Group meeting . I think that Sue also has a conflict . My thought was to have someone from the PR firm that Karen has brought on go and report back . I'm supposed to give a presentation on gas tomorrow , but it's not a problem for me to cancel and go to S.D . if we think that it's vital for one of us to be there in person . Thoughts ? Best , Jeff
Thanks Harry . This is important and we've discussed making sure that Neil and Jubran ( and you , for that matter ) be included in any distribution that includes ENA West . Consider it done . Unless others have any problems , I suggest that going forward any emails , materials , phone conversations , etc . that include ENA also include EES . I don't think that we have any legal issues associated with including both ENA and EES , but if I'm missing something , please let me know . Thoughts ?
plz call . re: phil harris of PJM is on my panel today . want to discuss .
Keep in mind that there will be 3 Davis appointees come the first of the year . Right now the Wilson , Republican commissioners , still hold a 3-2 majority on the Commission .
My apologies . Thank you very much . Best , Jeff
We said no .
If Karen thinks it would be useful to have the PR firm go and report back , that's how we'll handle it . Otherwise , we'll get reports from others . Other commitments win out over FERC's "open mike."
Welcome Chris . I can meet during the break .
Been on two panels in the last two weeks with Florio--most recent yesterday . Dan Richard of PG&E was also on yesterday's panel . Mike has now come so far as to push the "core/noncore" split a la the gas industy publicly ( if you just wait long enough , people come around) . Dan Richard did not object . I am pretty suspect about PG&E , though . Dan Richard said things like: I'm one of the people in my company who believes that , over time , the utility should exit the procurement function , but many policy makers want PG&E to act as a "quasi-governmental" body offering reliable , low cost service to small customers . I don't think anyone wants anyone's mother to be thrown to the competitive market willy nilly . People have to understand that the large customers are going to take all of the "good" power , leaving the "dregs" for small customers . While I'm skeptical of PG&E--Dan said what he knew people wanted to hear but there was little conviction behind the words--there is certainly an opening that we should try to exploit . In addition , Florio is now publicly agreeing pretty strongly that the gas model for utility procurement is one that merits a heck-of-a-lot of attention , i.e. , set a benchmark , get the CPUC out of the way , and let the utility live or die by the benchmark . There's daylight among the stakeholders , but a very large amount of uncertaintly regarding whether the administration , its appointees , and/or the Legislature will get on board . Best , Jeff Can we try Friday at 10 am , again ?
As uncomfortable as it sometimes is , I feel compelled to comment on what in my humble opinion are quite troubling statements , particularly when those statements come from the mouths of self-described liberal , open minded , diversity-loving hipsters . I have a very hard time with stereotyping of any sort , and a very , very hard time when it comes from people I'm close to . Believe it or not , in the past , I would have been much more aggressive about it . Guess I've mellowed . Sorry if it made things , well , fidgety . ( I've come to grips with the fact that deep down , I tend to trend toward socially libertarian and sometimes even anarchist views---oh well. ) Best , Jeff
Sorry that I've been incommunicado . At the UC Berkeley conference yesterday , and on my way to an AB 1890 meeting to present on gas in about 5 minutes . Got your message re: PR firm . Sounds good . When I'm back in tomorrow , I'll fill you in on yesterday's conference and today's meeting . Best , Jeff
Dub and I are going to go to Stinson/Bolinas to seela the deal on Saturday morning/afternoon prior to going to Napa for Nancy's Bday on Sat night . Would love to have you two join , but worry not if you've got conflicts . Best , Jeff
Greetings: Sorry to bother you with this , but I'm travelling , and if you could leave the call-in number for tomorrow's meeting on my voice mail , I'll be forever indebted . Thanks a bunch . Best , Jeff
Thank you very much for the summary .
call in number ?
Glad to hear you're coming . I'll be sure to wear the lime green shirt... . Best , Jeff
See you then .
Sorry , I was out of the office all day . Hope you got there .
I don't have any number . You need to just drop by there and buzz the manager . Try from 8-5 , when someone's usually there . Sorry , babe .
My apologies . I've been meaning to come in , but figured that at some point the Telebears on the Web would work . But no luck . Here are the courses that I'd like to register for . SID: 84054310G1 . Competitive Strategy ( E210): #09250 Corporate Finance ( E234): #09301 Securities Markets ( E233): #09292 Internet Strategy ( E262B): #09373 Speaking for Management ( E291B-1)---I believe that Diane has already listed me for this one . Please let me know that you've received so that I don't delay anything any longer . And thanks so much for your help . If there's anything else that you need , please don't hestitate to let me know . Best , Jeff
Love to join . Thanks .
FYI . Attached is a presentation on gas markets that I gave to an electricity group yesterday . The group was formed out of California's restructuring legislation ( AB 1980) . It's called the "AB 1980 Implementation Group" ( I heard that the group decided that its time to change its name.) . The group includes just about all of the interest groups in California . I focused on the fact that gas offers a model of a "real" market that California should look to in order to fix the "artificial" and failed electricity model created by AB 1980 . Best , Jeff
FYI .
FYI .
Business&Finance: ESB ownership of network is questioned - Competition Authority says separation of national grid from core company does not go far enough . Arthur Beesley reports Irish Times Copyright ( C ) 2000 Irish Times; Source: World Reporter ( TM ) The Competition Authority has questioned the ESB's ownership of the electricity network in the newly deregulated power market . In a paper submitted to the Department of Public Enterprise , the body said the separation of the ESB's National Grid operation from the core company did not go far enough to ensure fair competition . It said arguments in favour of the ESB retaining the transmission and distribution system ignored the 'overwhelming conclusion' that a generation company which owns such assets 'will naturally favour itself' at the expense of customers and reliability . The paper has not been published yet . It is believed to state , however , that the ESB's retention of its 'non-competitive' transmission and distribution assets and its 'competitive' electricity generation business was unwise from a competition perspective . The National Grid , which controls when individual power stations feed electricity into the network , was separated from the ESB when 27 per cent of the market was opened last February . In theory , this meant the ESB could not favour its own generation stations over more efficient competitors when deciding which plant to switch on and off as demand for power fluctuates . But the authority's response to the Statutory Instrument behind the separation - which renamed the National Grid as Eirgrid - said more should be done to ensure the market operates fairly . The paper said: 'Some argue that as long as there is an independent operator of the underlying transmission system , ownership of the transmission system can remain in the hands of an upstream generation operator . 'In accordance with this line of argument , the shift of operational control of electricity transmission to Eirgrid would mean that discrimination in dispatch [of power] and other operations would not be possible . However , the Competition Authority considers that this argument ignores the overwhelming conclusion that the generation company that owns the transmission lines will naturally favour itself.' The Statutory Instrument followed complex talks , which led to an agreement between the ESB , its trade unions and the Minister for Public Enterprise , Ms O'Rourke . When Eirgrid was formed , the ESB retained ownership and responsibility to develop and maintain the high-voltage national transmission system and the low-voltage local distribution network . The authority says these , too , should be separated from the ESB to ensure the competitive market functions fairly , according to a person familiar with its paper . This would ensure equal access to the power network and an objective , transparent , non-discriminatory treatment of all electricity generators in the market , it said . The paper argues the ESB has an incentive to allocate as many costs as possible to the operation of the transmission and distribution system . Folder Name: Utilities , Electric: Deregulation Relevance Score on Scale of 100: 100 To review or revise your folder , visit Dow Jones CustomClips or contact Dow Jones Customer Service by e-mail at custom.news@bis.dowjones.com or by phone at 800-369-7466 . ( Outside the U.S . and Canada , call 609-452-1511 or contact your local sales representative. ) Copyright ( c ) 2000 Dow Jones &Company , Inc . All Rights Reserved
Greetings . The reference is specific to statements that we made when FERC first issued it's proposed order on Nov . 1 regarding how to fix the mess in California . We said ( and FERC was a little cranky about this ) that we were pulling 300 MWs of power plants that we'd planned to build in California on the basis of the price cap proposal included in FERC's proposed order . It was in the press . So it was narrowly confined to the power plant proposals . Calpine subsequently announced that it , too , would pull the peaking plants it had planned to developed . I think that they announced the same amount would If you need anything else , don't hesitate to call . Best , Jeff
Thanks for the heads up .
I would like to attend the event with Secretary Summers .
Hi Lisa: Just got a call from Rick . He said that 1 ) The meeting needs to be in San Francisco . 2 ) The meeting needs to be on Dec . 5th . ( Not the 29th or the 30th , as previously requested) . 3 ) The meeting is mandatory . I'll leave a message for Paul , too . If you have any questions , just give a ring . Best , Jeff
Any luck getting on Mike's calendar . FYI: His name is spelled Mike Bentivoglio .
that's great . glad to hear it . no thanks necessary . see you tomorrow .
Got a call from Rick . Scheduling issues now make it necessary to have the meeting in San Francisco on Dec . 5th at 9 AM . Rick asked that folks make the meeting a priority . Best , Jeff
Apologies but the meeting is going to be on Dec . 5th at 9 AM in San Francisco . This date should be pretty darned firm . Best , Jeff
Left a message with the good doctor . Will let you know just as soon as I hear . Best , Jeff
Can't thank you enough . Great report and I wish that I'd been there with you to experience it . I'd like to stay in touch . It's a high priority of mine to come down there ( as I've mentioned a few times) . I'm going to try and do it before the month's out . I hope we can have lunch or something and compare notes about all this stuff . This won't be going away for quite some time . Thanks again for your help . Best , Jeff
I'll take a wild guess about what will be in the plan . 1 . Marshall Law 2 . Nationalize the grid . 3 . International energy crimes trial .
Dr . Littlechild . I'm very disappointed that our schedules seemed to pass in the night . I had an engagement on Monday night , which regrettably kept me from having dinner with the speakers . And Tuesday I was traveling . I tried to call the Claremont and had a dreadful time trying to leave you a message . If you haven't left the states yet , I would very much like to get together . Otherwise , I'll just have to come to London . I understand that David Teece has filled you in on our discussions . Would like to discuss that futher with you . It was a great pleasure to meet you , however briefly , and I hope that our paths cross again very soon . All the best , Jeff
Sue: My understanding is that , based on the discussion that you and Steve and I had last week , you're going to set up a meeting with Tim to discuss this . Something we need to get our arms around fairly quickly . Any possibility of doing it on Monday ? Best , Jeff
B.O . you hearing any reviews ? i think it opened this week , or last week ? And I think Cameron's got it right , you guys on the 29th , me and P . Dub-yah on the 6th . Hey , I saw the menu that Nancy sent around . Is she cooking on her own birthday ?
Meeting from 11:30 to 12:30 but otherwise available .
Nov 16,2000 California Power Plants Get Jolt As Natural-Gas Supplies Are Cut By Rebecca Smith Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal LOS ANGELES -- Southern California power plants , already stressed to their limits last summer , got another jolt this week as a cold snap caused a sharp curtailment of supplies of natural gas used to generate electricity . The power plants were able to switch to burning oil and continue to produce electricity . But the unusual curtailment of natural gas underlines concerns that an increased reliance on gas for power generation across the U.S . is putting the reliability of the nation's electricity supply at risk . That's because virtually all power plants now under construction in the U.S . burn gas and only gas . The units affected this week in San Diego were able to shift to oil only because they were older plants that originally were constructed to burn oil . Generators have been reluctant to add a dual-fuel flexibility to plants in recent years because oil is far more polluting than gas and generally has been costlier . In California , where gas-supply problems first surfaced on Monday in San Diego , there is pessimism about a Hydra-like energy crisis that seems to grow new heads every day . The state weathered three-dozen electrical emergencies last summer , caused by a shortage of electricity . Officials had hoped to solve the problem by speeding up construction of new generating plants . Now , they're finding the state may be building its way out of an electrical problem and into a gas problem . One official , who has been warning of the danger of reliance on a single fuel , said this week's disruption pointed out the necessity of developing a comprehensive energy policy that recognizes how changes in usage of oil , gas and electricity affect each other . "We don't just need new generating plants and transmission lines , we may need pipelines , too," said Terry Winter , chief executive officer of the California Independent System Operator , the organization responsible for maintaining adequate electricity supplies . "You can't look at these things in isolation." The natural-gas problems surfaced when the local gas-distribution company , San Diego Gas & Electric Co. , notified power-plant operators and a handful of industrial users that it would be restricting their gas use by about half . In California , residential and small businesses have first crack at natural gas , and industrial uses are regarded as secondary , even if they are generating plants . Dynegy Inc. , the Houston-based energy concern that owns some of the older plants that serve San Diego , immediately switched to oil . But it didn't like doing so; its plants create three times as much pollution when they burn oil and exhaust valuable air-pollution emission credits that power plants here need to operate . The San Diego units couldn't simply be shut down , because the state was short of power . Roughly 30% of the state's capacity already was off-line , including many of its nuclear units , as most of those plants are now undergoing repair after being run at capacity limits throughout the summer . What's more , the gas-pipeline system that feeds San Diego isn't big enough to begin with . The system was built primarily to serve residential customers and not big power plants . The problems could persist , off and on , through the winter . That's because gas-storage levels are down sharply from a year ago throughout the nation , but especially in California , because it ran its gas-fired units so hard last summer . This time last year , Southern California had 87 billion cubic feet of gas in storage . Now , it's roughly 50 billion cubic feet , or 43% less . Prices also have moved up sharply , from roughly $2.50 a million British thermal units to around $8 this week . Nationally , storage levels are down about 8% from a year ago . "Gas is trading higher in California than anywhere else in the nation," said John Lavorato , chief operating officer of Enron North America , a unit of Enron Corp . of Houston . But he said they're headed up in the Northeast , based on cold weather forecast for the next 10 days to two weeks . High prices for fuel also push up prices for the end product , electricity . In California the average price for electricity to be delivered Thursday was $228 per megawatt hour . That's double the price a week ago and five times the price a year earlier .
Lisa: Sorry , but Joseph's gone on vacation for the week . I think that the size of the group is going to require that we do this offsite . We use the "Park Hyatt" in San Francisco . Could you check with Paul and let him know that I think that we need to go offsite , given the size of the crowd , and if he agrees , could you go ahead and check into getting a room at the Park Hyatt ? As always , I'm greatly indebted . If there are any problems , or if you have any questions , don't hesitate to give me a call . Best , Jeff
Dear LYSA: I can only apologize profusely . Profuse apologies , Jeff
In case you didn't get the information in my first email , my name is JeffDasovich and I'm in the Evening MBA program . cc: Subject: Registration Confirmation: Larry Summers on 12/6 at 1:45pm ( was Re: At 03:42 PM 11/15/00 -0600 , you wrote: I would like to attend the event with Secretary Summers . PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING ANNOUNCEMENT CAREFULLY Thank you for your interest in attending the program at the Haas School ofBusiness featuring United States Secretary of the Treasury Larry Summers . Secretary Summers will be at the Haas School on Wednesday December 6 , 2000 as part of the 2000-2001 Haas Business Faculty Research Dialogue . His speechwill take place in the Haas School,s Arthur Andersen Auditorium at 1:45pSecretary Summers will talk about his experiences as a primary shaper of U.economic policy during the past eight years , first as Robert Rubin,s depin the first Clinton Administration and later replacing Rubin as Secretary of the Treasury . Secretary Summers will also talk about the prospects for continued growth in the U.S . economy under the next presidential administration . All seats for the program on Wednesday December 6 , 2000 will be allocated oa first-come , first served basis and seating will be limited . All Haas School faculty and students are being requested to reserve a seat in the Auditorium by sending an email to researchdialogue@haas.berkeley.edu by Monday November 20 , as you have done . All emailed requests should include a full name as well as Haas School affiliation/class . After November 20 , seats will be made available to other members of the UC Berkeley community . Therefore , please remind your colleagues to send their requests soon to guarantee their seating in the Auditorium . If you have qualified for a seat in the Auditorium for the program with Secretary of the Treasury Larry Summers , you will receive confirmation byemail no later than Monday November 27 . If you were not able to get a seatin the Auditorium , you will receive notification about how you may be able to view the program via simulcast . If you have additional questions about theprogram , please contact Pam Gleason in the Dean,s Office at 510-643-2027|
got the message . in a word: i love you . thanks . ( is there an alternative to reviews? ) best ,
Annette: Here are Jackie's cover letter and resume . Thanks very much for you help . Hope it's not a bother . Best , Jeff
Glad to hear it . On the down side , it appears that I won't get you that email I promised until tomorrow . If that's totally unacceptable , let me know . Best , Jeff
I think that it would be bad if Nancy had to cook her own birthday dinner.... .
I'm going to try my darnedest to get down there before the month's out . I'll let you know . Best , Jeff
Delaney: Here's an electronic copy of my presentation . Thanks for inviting me . Hope it was useful . Best , Jeff
We're all over it .
he lives . thanks . ( no "t" in my last name. ) Best , Jeff P.S . when will we know , and who will win ?
Thank you .
where the heck are you ?
Can you translate this for me ?
FYI . I'd like to renew .
when you find a minute give a call re: message from Sandi . No rush . Best , Jeff
why's the market keeping us at 80 ?
hey darlin' ( that's Texas talk) . how are ya ? so good to hear from you . hear you and JC are landed gentry over there in berkeley . next thing you know , you'll be complaining about homeless people and how they're bringing property values down . ( tee hee ) love to see you guys some time . what about this godfersaken election??? ? if you have a copy of the Berkeleyan , I'd love to get one . My address is: Jeff Enron Corp 101 California St. , Suite 1950 SF , CA 94111 How's the Chancelor ? Hugs and kisses , Jeff
Eldon: If you're willing to get the stuff necessary to make this menu , I'm willing to act as "sous-chef" to Cameron to help make it . Just don' t seem right to have Nancy cook on her birthday .
you'll be hearing from me soon . LOVE to get together over the holidays . ( everyone from berkeley moved to noe valley---really ruined the place. ) give john a big hug .
Thanks for hosting , Kim . Jackie mentioned the list of tasks that remain to get this done ( e.g. , graphs , make spreadsheet pretty , write-up , etc.) . I'lll do whatever needs to be done , so once folks have picked which task they'd like to take on , just let me know what's left . Or if there's another way folks would like to divvy up the chores , that's great , too . Have a great weekend . See you Monday . Jackie , could you email the latest version around when you get a chance ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
I'm oozing with free time . Monday sounds great . Thanks .
Sure Sue has filled you in , but just to be certain , my understanding is that Dan Douglas , attorney for WPTF , is going to meet with the AG ( not sure when ) in an attempt to narrow the scope of the subpoena . Dan also plans to begin drafting responses to the subpeona . Since we are a member of WPTF and therefore presumably covered by the subpoena , seems important that our attorney's coordinate with Dan . Sue , if I've mangled anything , let me know . Best , Jeff
Congratulations . Even though it's the EEI agreement , getting Edison to agree to sign something is an achievement . Good luck landing deals . Jeff
Guess this means we support it ? ( Kidding. )
Cool . Thanks for the info .
FYI . Sure the desk wants the details kept confidential , but thought folks might be interested to know .
Rob: Here's a quick and dirty list of some lessons from California that Alberta may not want to repeat . Steve , let me know if I've missed any messages we're using to describe California's woes ( or mangled any , for that matter . If you have any questions , don't hestitate to get in touch . Best , Jeff
Great presentation , but the message seems a little blurred .
OK . It's done . Got two places . One sleeps 8 and is big and is where we can have the party . The other sleeps 6 and is very close by . Right on the beach , so surfing will be a must . Who is on your list for invites so far ?
Dave/Sandi: FYI . In Joseph's absence , his fill-in asked that I take a call yesterday from the Mayor's office . They called to confirm the meeting set up for Dave , Mike Day and Bev Hanson on Nov . 29th at 4 PM to discuss the serious electricity shortage in SF . Best , Jeff
Chuckles is a must invite .
Counting on Paul .
I'm adding my two cents . Here's 3 , but not 4 . Few things . 1 ) I considered that everything was "material." That reasonable ? 2 ) Dylan , I struggled with the ban on preservatives , but ultimately decided it was unusual , not extraordinary , since the book sez that any write down of inventory is unusual , as opposed to extra . But a case for extra can still , be made I think . 3 ) I did not include the 1994 litigation expense associated with the ban , since it seems to me that it's merely an expense that they would have taken in 1994 , as opposed to a "potential litigation outcome" that they'd make an allowance for---I could be wrong , though . 4 ) Finally , I assumed that the depreciation-related gain was already included in the 1995 "income from continuing operations" number , and consequently included it as a footnote on my spreadsheet , rather than make it an explicit line item in the income statement . I'll look at Kim's #4 and if I have any comments , I'll add them to hers and circulate . Best , Jeff
OK . Having taken a second look at the spreadsheet I sent yesterday , here's a revised sheet ( there was a math error in the original) , and my adds to Kim's #4 . Most significant issue: the discrepancy between Kim's and mine is that Kim's assumes that the $9,5 million includes pluses from things like dep/gain on sale , while mine assumes that it doesn't ( i.e. , Kim subtracts them , I add them) . No big deal , we just need to make an assumption and go with it . There's a couple of other differences that are identified in the answer to #4--again , just need to make the call either way . Best , Jeff
My understanding is the same . Content looks good . Message points been developed in the event they're needed ? Best , Jeff
Will have any comments to you pronto .
See attached . Just a couple of typos corrected in strike-out-underline . Question: Thought I'd included the gain on sale as "unusual" as opposed to "extraordinary." If we leave it out , are we assuming it's already included in the $9.5MM ? If so , we might want to include a note at the bottom of the spreadsheet like , $9.5 MM figure includes $750,000 gain on sale of certain assets completed in 1995." Or am I just totally out lunch on this one . Thanks . This one was a little messy . You did a great job of pulling it together . Best , Jeff
My suggested edits are in CAPS .
FYI .
I like it . Give it one final read through for final refinements . Then send to bay guardian , sf weekly , pacific sun ( marin) , ( and the east bay has a weekly mag , too , the name of which escapes me--might be out of berkeley) . Any of these would give good exposure , and likelihood of someone of your caliber getting in is pretty high .
get better .
No problem .
Hi , Marcie . I've added two things to the end of the update: PG&E/Edison sue the PUC in federal court to recover procurement costs . Edison files proposal with PUC to declare rate freeze is over and establish a new rate freeze at 110% of old rate freeze that would last for 5 years . I don't have all the details to fill in , though some of the details might be available from the PG&E/Edison websites , and Sue and Mona might have additional info . Hope this helps . Best , Jeff
Might be useful to observe how others react prior to responding . The good senator may have to fight over the surplus with a lot of teachers looking to spend the $$s on school books . That fight could get interesting if the backdrop for the debate is a CEC report that sez "no problem , we're in charge." I'm sure we'd be willing to build a few plants for $2 billion.. .
my pleasure .
No , you're correct . In the spreadsheet , there were three sorts of "items": discontinued ops , unusual items , extraordinary items , and accounting changes . The sale of the assets came about in the attempt to "trim the fat" ( or manage earnings , you make the call) . Here's the line item from my spreadsheet: It came right after the entries for the "unusual loss from the government ban." I included it with the "unusual" items ( right after discontinued ops and right before extraordinary items . Big question is , is it included already . I assumed not , since ( though it's confusing) , the problem makes is sound like none of the additional "agenda items" were accounted for . I don't think it's a huge deal , though . The questions left a lot of room for ambiguity . Best , Jeff
I agree completely , which is why I think the *$(*#-ed case is confusing . Let it go . Leave as is . Think about it no more . See you tonite . Jeff
great time . thanks a million . sorry i had to do homework for some of it . what would you like me to cook/bring for friday ? i make a mean oyster stuffing . and my homemade cranberry sauce is ok , too . just let me know .
FYI .
OK!! ! I don't put my stuffing in the bird!! ! The more cranberries the better!! ! Yours truly!!! ! Jeff!! ! p.s . how did pittsburg lose??!?!?!?!??!?!?!? ?
I don't get it . What does she want to do ?
i know!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
These performance reviews may push me right over the edge . Good talking to you earlier . Sounded like the Paul I know and admire . You sounded energized . Looking forward to having you around more . One thing . Please don't count December out as a possible start time for the special session . Anything can happen . Book your hotel room early . Best , Jeff
There's a place for working and re-working . There's also a a very important place in art--writing in particular--for spontaneity and whim . I'd do a tweak here and a snip there , but quickly and only around the edges , and submit it as a film review . It's novel , it's fun , and exposure'd a good thing . Things are good . Going to be weary for the next 3-4 weeks until schools out , though . Best , Jeff
Rick: Just want to let you know that I missed the boat a bit in coordinating my reviewers with Paul . In my first attempt to input them in the system , I hesitated including you for the simple reason that I'm certain you have countless other reviews to do already , and , frankly , I feel that you're an integral part of my review whether you're formally on the list or not . When I went back to make my final additions to the list , the systerm was already closed--Paul had approved the first round , which I guess shuts it down . It's likely not appropriate for reviews to happen outside the system , but I wanted to let you know that , from my perspective , it would be great to receive from you . I'd value it a lot . And I think we've worked closely enough together over the last year for you to have a basis for reviewing me . But again , I'm of the view that irrespective of the list , you partake in my review of necessity , and I don't want to add any additional burdens to an already loaded schedule . No big deal , just wanted to let you know . And I'm having a field day filling out your review . ( "Rick discriminates unfairly against neon-colored shirts." ) Seriously , I was quite pleasantly surprised to have ended up as one of your reviewers . Best , Jeff
I threw out the green shirt . Swear to god .
It's a never-ending cavalcade... .
Here's the report that Sue referenced earlier . Appears that the administration's analysis of California's energy problems will continue to focus solely on the "bad actor" conspiracy theory .
Congratulations . And count me in . We're off to the races . Best , Jeff And a very Happy Thanksgiving .
Here's what I need ( thanks , honey): 3 bags of fresh cranberries 2 oranges box of brown sugar 6 jars of oysters 6 loaves of bread ( get the "rounds" of bread---vary them , like olive bread , sour dough , sweet , whole grain , potato ) thing of celery 4 large yellow onions couple bulbs of garlic 2 pounds of butter ( clover , salted ) Thanks , sweetie , and good luck on your midterm !
Forgive the tardiness . As soon as I come up from air from completing a tidal wave of performance reviews , I'll give a full report . Bottom line: His message is a very good one . His delivery could use a tad spicing up , however . Unfortunately , when I was free , he was in meetings , and vice versa . So we never got to sit down and chat . I'll fill you in more soon . Best , Jeff
I can attest to the fact that you hit the bulls-eye , dead center , sir , with your description . But again , the message is great , and his written stuff , I think , is effective . Your decision to help fund his participation was an extremely good one in the end . Best , Jeff
Don't hesitate to call and discuss further the "hard lessons" that I sent you . I may want to amend the ISO RFP numbers just a wee bit , too , before ( and if ) you use them . Best , Jeff
Doesn't strictly qualify as an origination opportunity , but through a contact , I've met with some folks who have some pretty nifty network hardware/software that offers some interesting possibilities w/respect to network performance ( optical routing technology) . I'd like to hook them up with network folks , both a technical and a commercial person . Anyone suggestions ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
I'm forever indebted . Best , Jeff
If possible , that would be perfect , and greatly appreciated .
could you please follow up with stephanie and let her know that i'd like to review ? thanks very much .
Sorry Stephanie , I meant to send the previous note to Joseph .
bet you're having fun . are there comments that accompany Alan's tech piece ?
thanks . would it be a violation of interstate commerce to keep press from alberta from crossing the border into the states ?
ok . i'm on for stuffing and cranberry sauce .
Sure this is just what you needed . Best of luck . Best , Jeff
neat ! don't worry , i'm excited to cook!!! ! i'll try to do it in advance!!! ! but if i can't , i'll need to cook at your place!!! ! that ok?!?!?!!!!! ! see you soon!!!! ! Best ! Jeff ! P.S . it's 3:14 PM!!!!! !
I'd leave a voicemail with Sandi ( she's taking voicemail on her trip ) and ask her if she'd like for you to contact them .
got your message . a hearty congratulations on the portland general approval from ferc . i'm chained to my desk doing reviews . best , Jeff Alberta ?
I'm not sure which is worse , the story , or the timing . You psyched about the FERC approval ? And is there a story behind the sale of Sierra's power plants ?
Now wait one darn minute , lil' lady ( do you hear John Wayne's voice?) . The price cap in California remains--that's right , remains--at a lofty $250/Mwh . Thank you , Government Affairs . Seriously , seems reportable , given that at one point it had moved to a time-differentiated cap .
plz try me again . thx,jeff 415.782.7822
Agree that we should decline to participate . I also got a call from IEP regarding the press conference and strongly encouraged them to signicantly diversify the group to include customers , consumer groups , and the like . Haven't heard about the meeting on the first with the governor's staff . Interesting that the administration is choosing to meet with folks on the day that the report is released . For the same reasons that we wouldn't want to be grouped with generators at a press conference , we may not want to be grouped with generators when the staff disseminates the report's words of wisdom .
If there is a deal shaping up , it's happening by and large through the auspices of IEP . We've thus far decided to maintain an arm's length relationship with IEP , choosing not to get too close to the generators . If we want to influence any deal they cut , we'll need to assess how closely aligned/associated with them we want to be . Further we distance ourselves , less likely we'll be cut in . That said , Sue and I have been participating in IEP's ( interminable ) conference calls and actively weighing in to influence what they do . There was considerable discussion on the last call about developing some sort of "price cap" proposal that could form the basis of a deal , but no discussion whatsoever regarding refunds of any kind . There were differences of opinion about the benefits of doing a deal on a cap----Williams is dead set against it , Dynegy & Reliant seemed considerably more pliable . We reminded folks that there are many other things apart from caps that California could do to "fix" the problem ( e.g. , site plants , forward contracts , retail market , core/noncore split , etc.) , which might obviate the need for caps altogether . We also recognized the political nature of the situation and expressed a willingness to discuss a cap that might be acceptable , but pointed out our general concerns with caps . That last meeting provided the impetus for the 28th press conference , at which ( hopefully ) a large number of stakeholders with urge the Governor and the PUC to get off the dime and do something concrete that can help---develop a rational policy for forward contracting by the IOUs and abandon the "PUC as counterparty" policy that currently exists . Again , haven't heard a peep about any deal on refunds . Will check around , though . Best , Jeff
I'll check with Smutney . Can you two check with your Dynegy and Reliant contacts in Houston ?
I'm available .
How about $1 billion to build some new pipelines in California ? To: Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron@Enron cc: Susan Scott/ET&S/Enron@ENRON , Steven Harris/ET&S/Enron@ENRON Subject: A chicken in every pot Hey , Wouldn't this fix everything ? What a great idea- a govenment owned utility . Who in their right mind would want to give the money back to taxpayers ? I think Enron should cast aside its dependency on free markets,and throw its support behind this well thought out public initiative . Let us know how Transwestern can help ! Calif . lawmaker pushes for state energy reserve California State Sen . Steve Peace called for the state to set aside $2 billion of a projected $10 billion budget surplus to create a reserve account to serve the state,senergy needs . A representative at Peace,s office said the senator planned the fund as a &cushion8 to help the state bounce back from energy price shocks like those that hit it lastsummer . Peace , speaking Monday at a briefing on the upcoming state budget , suggestethat the California Legislature set aside $2 billion to use at a later date . The funds could be included in the budget that Gov . Gray Davis is scheduled to announce Jan . 10 . Ostensibly , the government could use the funds to purchase some of the state,s transmission grid angeneration assets , or to build new assets . In his remarks , Peace said some of the $2 billion could be used to build a500-MW generation facility , which he estimates at $300 million , a peaker that could be set upfor $16 million , or a transmission grid such as the $200 million system a California utilityhas proposed for the southern part of the state . &The use of public dollars to finance development , private-public partnerships , or to capitalize publicly owned utilities are all options which California policymakers mayhave to consider if [FERC] is unable to bring wholesale energy markets under control,8 he said . Still , representatives at the senator,s office stressed that Peace was nmaking any policy decisions in his statement . Rather , a representative said , Peace was actingin his capacity as chairman of the Senate Budget and Fiscal Committee and setting aside fundsthat can be available for future use . Peace,s initiative comes on the heels of a report by the Legislature,Legislative Analysis Office forecasting a $10.3 billion surplus for fiscal years 2000-2002 ( a $6billion surplus for 2000-2001 and a $3.4 billion surplus for 2001-2002) .
What's the latest tally in Florida ? It gets increasingly important every time Richardson opens his gawd-fersaken mouth .
Unless Loretta Lynch , or worse , Gray Davis are your counter parties .
you do the same , buddy .
Hey , fearless , leader . You going to distribute that spreadsheet ? And when do we need to regroup . Happy Thanksgiving . I'll report by on my conversations with Mike . Best , Jeff
thank you .
Hey: Just wanted to let you know that I've received all the SDG&E stuff and that you can count on me to completely drop the ball . Kidding ! I'll take care of it . I'm still awash in reviews and may not ever leave the building , which is why I'm not responding as promptly as I should . Best , Jeff
Jim: Have a great Thanksgiving with your family . It's a great pleasure doing business with you . Best , Jeff
Well , this shows the direction in which the "new" Commission is heading . The very good news , though , is that TW's proposal was included in both settlements ( now that's hedging!) . Thus , the benefits to TW were preserved under both proposals . Congratulations . That's fantastic--hard work that paid off . We will of course express out extreme dissappointment with the PD , and point out that this decision condemns California to a 20th century infrastructure , when the state's 21st century economy demands much , much better . We should discuss . Since the PD empowers the likes of Norm and Florio , it will be important to play very close attention to implementation of Hector . Sorry to have to be the one to deliver the news . But we have a knack of making lemonade out of lemons and we'll do out best to do the same here , whatever turns up at the end . Best , Jeff
monday--LA w/S . Kean re: meeting w/Gov's staff tuesday--in office thurs/fri--houston re: EBS meetings
are you offering a finder's fee ? i'm cheap .
Thanks , all . I'll get a compiled answer out later today .
Aleck: I'll take a look at it . If I have any comments , I'll forward them along . Also , I may forward along some very slight changes to the numbers on the ISO's RFP "experience," should you decide you want to incorporate those "lessons" into your presentation . I'll provide any amendments to those numbers by tomorrow . Best , Jeff
OK folks , here it is . Sorry for the delay , but those pesky questions ended up being more detailed than I anticipated . Please take a quick look and let me know if there are any comments---more ambiguities than usual in this one . I'll await comments and finalize this evening . Jimmie/Dylan--my apologies , but last Wednesday evening , I found out that I have to be in LA for a meeting tomorrow . If I make it to class at all tomorrow , I won't get there until after the break . Could one of you print out the case and bring it to class ? If not , don' t sweat it , I'll email him an electronic and turn in a hard copy to him on Tuesday . Sorry for any hassle . Best , Jeff
Thanks . I'll soften the expropriation language . I don't think they can disclose the $1 million on the product liability case , since the entire package appears to be one negotation , all the pieces of which likely have to be agreed to , or no settlement . But you're point's well taken and I'll try to acount for it in the answer . Finally , I can't see disclosing the fact that I'm infringing on someone's patent in my annual report . Seems like I'd have a hard time defending myself in court if they sued me , if I'd admitted it to it in my annual report . If I don't see you tomorrow , have a good week .
see you at the freight . best ,
Greetings Professor: I'm in charge of managing our collective responses to this week's case and have been called out of town on business at the last minute . As a result , if I make it to class at all tomorrow , I unfortunately won't make it until after the break . While I think one of my teammates will bring a hard copy to class tomorrow , I wanted to plan for any mix-ups ( contingencies? ) by emailing a copy as well . Best , Jeff
Folks: Here's the final . I incorporated some comments from Christine and emailed a copy to Aceves . Jimmie/Dylan let me know if one of you can bring a hard copy to class tomorrow . If not , he's now got an electronic copy , and I'll drop off a hard copy on Tuesday . Hope to see you ( for at least half the class ) tomorrow . Best , Jeff
You're the man . I got some comments from Christine ( sort of) . See most recent email . I emailed it to Aceves , but if more changes come in , I don't see any problem telling him to disregard the email and use the hard copy you turn in tomorrow . Thanks a million . Greatly appreciated . I owe you one . This one was really a hot potato . First Kim , then me , now you . Best , Jeff
$1 million . p.s . the plant i was talking about is: "hairy vetch" or "purple vetch." i'll look for some . you should , too . if you find any , make sure it's "organic" and hasn't had any chemicals added to the seeds . thanks again for a fantastic time over Thanksgiving . I had a lot of fun .
Ferget it .
Folks . Let me throw out a proposal . I believe that we should immediately draft a very brief letter or press release that explains why the PD is misguided and will lead to very bad energy policy for the state , and why our settlement is the right one and why it's good energy policy for the state . The letter should be signed by everyone who signed the settlement . It needs to be released by the end of this week . Absent this kind of action , nothing's going to turn this thing around . Spending time and money writing "comments" will be a waste of time and money . We'll need to do a lot more , but I think we have to start this way or fold up our tents now . Thoughts ? Best , Jeff
Greetings Linda: Let me open by saying welcome , and by apologizing for the fact that California has probably made your first days on the job a bit crazy . Just wanted to pass along some info . I'm sure you've seen Senator Feinstein's comments to FERC . And I think you're aware that she held a meeting in California with a group of stakeholders ( including Davis staff ) on the day before FERC's recent workshop at which Steve testified . She stated at the meeting that she is thinking seriously about sponsoring legislation to place a price cap on the entire WSCC market . Economists in the room expressed their strong misgivings about caps , but Feinstein seemed fairly focused on at least sponsoring some sort of legislation . Not sure where it will go , but wanted to pass it along . Best , Jeff
I'm not buying and goddam banjo . I can't stand the noise those freakin' things make . ferget it . we kid ! I think that's it's a swell idea . you can totally count me in on pitching in . ( i'm declaring bankruptcy after this birthday. ) let's talk more tonite about the big day . I have class , but should be over there by 10:30 or so . Best ,
My apologies , Linda . Sometimes it pays to see what name pops up from the Enron address book before hitting the send button . And thanks , Rick . I'll note the two r's in Rrobertson . Best , Jeff
Hey . Whoa . I already got Cameron a garlic press . And I got her mom a spatula , so don't go trying to preempt that gift , too .
The black boots are mine . "Rory Sellers" Please respond to "Rory Sellers"
FYI .
not sure , but i assume that the bluegrass songbook is mine . is it for guitar ? I'll need to ponder . I'll try to get back to you pronto .
FYI . We have this report ?
Hi David: Thought that you might be interested . Best , Jeff
Well , he launched today . Have you seen the materials from the press conference that he launched today ? I think this is actually a good thing--makes our proposal look like a much more preferable alternative by comparison , makes our support in the process more important , and sets Harvey up as the Ralph Nader equivalent in the election to fix California's broken system---a potential spoiler .
Hi . Well , wouldn't you know it . I'm not driving tonite , but I bet that we could hitch a ride back with Anil . I'm not sure , but I think that he's got class tonite , too . I'll search him out before class or after that break and see if I can set it up .
Oh come on . I heard that you're a ghost writer for Harvey's proposal ! Kidding . Seriously , it's been great discussing these issues on panels with you lately . I have a picture of the two of us from the Berkeley conference I'll pass along to you . I really think there's a way out of all this without dropping a nuclear bomb on all of the hard work folks have done thus far to restructure the industry . Look forward to working on it . Best , Jeff P.S . Don't have TOO much fun dangling the initiative in front of the likes of Peace and the IOUs .
Hi Aleck: How did your talk go ? I hope well . If you're refering to the PX study on whether to have an "as-bid" or "single-price" auction , the PX is in the preliminary stages of having a report prepared . What they've done is assemble a "Blue Ribbon" panel of economists ( as reported in the press accounts you've seen ) to examine the issue and report back . I'm not aware of a report having yet been completed by the panel and submitted to the PX . Have you heard differently ? I'll poke around . Best , Jeff
Thanks , Delaney . See you on Friday . Quick comment: Though just about everything's uncertain these days , folks seem to think that Legislators are likely to get very active just as soon as they arrive in Sacramento ( next week?) . Seems that a key--if not dominant--part of the agenda ought to be how this group can ( quickly ) come to agreement on a comprehensive solution that it can offer to the Legislature and the Governor as a pragmatic and positive way out . Sure you folks are very focused on this , but it struck me that the agenda looks pretty ambitious for a 3-hour meeting . In any case , just a thought that I wanted to share . Thanks and can't thank you enough for all your efforts . Best , Jeff
Here is CLECA's ( Barbara Barkovich's ) current thinking .
left a message . sense is likely won't release till post-press conference . will keep trying . jeff
Hmmmm , I think you're right . Looks like the more we can get done tonite , the better . Perhaps , if we can wrap the analysis up this evening , we can do some serious divvying up of assigments at the end of the meeting . Then folks can go off and complete the assignments between now and Sunday , which should make Sunday's activities pretty light . That make any sense ? Best , Jeff
California Large Energy Consumers Association
Shoot , I'll be in Houston.. . yes , i found that out yesterday , too .
I suggest a quick conference call to discuss . How's tomorrow ( Thursday ) at 2 pm work for folks ? Let me know and I'll set up a call-in number .
Can you get this kind person the info ? Thanks very much .
what's your guys' view on this ?
Mike: I'll be covering all of this stuff for myself , so unless we agree in advance to you spending your time , I won't be expecting any bills . If Paul's covering your time for the call , I think it would be great for you to participate . The reaction's been pretty good thus far . Best , Jeff
Could you please set up a call for tomorrow at 2pm for one hour and forward the info to the distribution list below ? Thanks .
Got 'em . Thanks .
Thanks , Zenee . I will participate by phone . Best , Jeff
go ahead . I've told her that I can't make it .
Nice . I like it . Gosh you guys are good . Luntz stuff is on its way .
Karen: Be sure you get from Steve or Rick or Jim or Mark the final materials that Luntz and Co . produced . What I've forward to you are the "works in progress" pieces from last summer---all I have.They're in the "California Media Strategy" binder .
could you pick my ticket up for me ?
My friend , Prentice Sellers , will be picking my ticket up for me . "Dean's Office" Sent by: owner-eveningmba@Haas.Berkeley.EDU Please respond to "Dean's Office"
holy shit , are we going to the play tonite ? if so , i'm in big trouble , since i'm meeting with my mba group tonite . holy shit . otherwise , we'll be there . let's talk .
Isn't "hornswoggled and bamboozled" a Rogers & Hart song ? "Eldon Sellers" Please respond to eldon
whew ! hey , you're dad's losing it . whadya mean asleep ? if i'm asleep , wake me up ferchrissake .
i'm available .
The weekend of Dec 15 , 16 , 17 . Stinson Beach . Glorious place on the beach . Professional blue grass band . Catered food . Fun people ( even Tom , Karen , David , Starr and Nina) . For Prentice's 30th birthday . And it will just suck if you're not there . Huge hugs , very wet kisses .
you have made me very happy . OJ for President !
Hi . Thanks for the note . Couple of things . Prentice is going to do Xmas with us this year cuz her family will be out of town . So we should absolutely include her , but I think she really wants to be included in the "picking" so that she gets someone's name . If you'd like to pick the names and let people know , I'm completely comfortable with that . ( Confidentially , I have a great idea for Mike , so if , by chance , I get him as a pick , that would be great! ) Also , let me throw this out . You know that if I didn't live in a 1-bedroom apartment , I'd host ( and hopefully , we'll be having Xmas at my place in Mendocino a few years down the road) . Steve and Charry really carry the load all the time . Have you considered opening presents and having dinner at your place ? I'd be happy to take care of the meal , and hang around to clean up afterwards . No big deal , just a thought . Alternatively , we could absolutely have it at Prentice's apartment , which is plenty big enough , and will have a big beautiful tree , etc . So give that a thought . Might be nice to do it in the city , and we'd be happy to host it there , too . Now , the important stuff . What do Katie and Michael want/need for Xmas ? Best , Jeff
Super . Thanks a bunch . See you tomorrow . "Delaney Hunter" Please respond to dhunter
FYI . In bizarre times , help can sometimes come from bizarre places . Granted , we're likely to disagree strongly with Hogan's continued obsession with Poolco , but the discussion in his paper regarding market power may be helpful---I've read the Joskow paper , but haven't yet had a chance to review the Hogan piece . Steve and I discussed the need to do a focused assessment of the Joskow/Kahn "analysis" ( remember it's Ed Kahn , not Alfred Kahn) . Seems that it would be very useful to fold into that analysis any useful stuff on market power included in the paper done by Hogan & Co . If , in the end , there ain't nothing useful , so be it . But seems like there's little downside to exploring it . Jim , my understanding is that Alan is already working with the fundamentals folks on the Portland desk to deconstruct the Joskow paper . Might want to include the Hogan paper in those discussions and might also be useful to pull Seabron Adamson into the thinking , too . Ultimately , may be preferable to have any assessment of Joskow and/or Hogan to come from economists , rather than directly from us . Best , Jeff
you're fired .
At this point , yes , that's sort of how I feel about it . Unless someone can come up with some damned good reasons to do otherwise .
You bet . Got your and Fran's messages . If you'd like to discuss by phone , I'm in all day . Otherwise , I suggest that we do take the following next steps: Just as soon as you have the proposal and list of participants drafted ( which I hope will be very soon) , please forward to me . Then , as quickly as possible , I'd like to have a meeting to discuss and finalize the proposal . It would be very useful if Laura Tyson could be in on that final meeting , and , of course , any other of the participants that you'd like to invite . We're are somewhat behind the eight ball due to the delays thus far in getting this thing off the ground . If we're going to do it , it's going to have to come together quickly , and the report will have to be developed very quickly , too . Hope that will be possible . I'm assuming at this point that you and I are proceeding ahead absent Mitch and Carl , since they have sensitive issues with their clients that we can't seem to overcome ? And I'll inquire about the need for expert witnesses in the class action suit and get back to you . Best , Jeff
no . you're fired , but you have to stay .
could you please print this out for me . greatly indebted .
man , do i OWE you a phone call . please don't hold it against me . sort of well , you know , a little nuts right now . but i will reconnect . i promise .
Thanks . With that , unless I hear otherwise from folks by 4 PM PST---and alsuggestions on how to make the comment better are welcome and appreciated---I'll go ahead and forward on to Art O'Donnell . Richard Shapiro To: Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron@Enron ,  Paul Subject: Re: Press Statement on Bad PUC Gas Decision ? Need to decide by 4 PM ( PST ) I would say we engage on this and other issues in California in a more assertive manner- message is fine . Laying low and working backchannels isworking great so far?? ? NOT
Greetings Art . Had a great time at the conference . Thanks for inviting me . I have a comment about the proposed decision if you'd like it . Let me know . What time do you need it ? And can I just email it to you ? It'll be quite brief and to the point . Best , Jeff
Yep . Thanks .
That is music to my ears . Can't tell you how much you're help is valued . Really would like to discuss this further . And a hearty congratulations on the promotion , Pat .
I don't recall agreeing to any of this . We kid ! Looks fine to me .
This looks good . Is there any value in assigning people to the agenda items , e.g. , "Special Session"--Sandi and Sac lobbyists" ?
Yep . But Norm's wrong . It always gets darkest before the light.... .
That's what Eric said about the red outfit that Kari Dohn was wearing on Monday.... .
FYI . Will be in Sacramento for another meeting tomorrow and will go and watch the Lynch and Kahn show at noon .
I'm sending this directly to your mother , Scott . "When will it end ? Please just let it end!" Pauline Kael , response to watching the film , "Ishtar"
Folks: Having printed the paper , I found out that the file received only contains half the paper . Worse , the authors seemed to have left a page out of the document they distributed . You currently have the first half . As soon as we get a complete version of the paper--including the mysterious missing page--we'll distribute . Jeff
We'll poke around .
TJ: I'll pick up my ticket on Monday , so please don't give it away ! Thanks . "Meg St . John" Sent by: owner-eveningmba@Haas.Berkeley.EDU Please respond to "Meg St . John"
not a thing.. .
In case folks haven't seen them yet , attached are Davis' press release andthe letter he sent to Hoecker today . Best , Jeff
Hi Sue: I hope the packing and other move-related things are going well---I know that something invariably happens that creates havoc . Good luck . I haven't wanted to bug you too much with all that's going on , so I thought I'd give you a quick update: Scott and Bowen and I talked re: getting authority for EBS to dig dirt and install some facilities in California . With some effort , we persuaded Scott that having dinner with Loretta Lynch , well , wasn't going to do get the job done ( though Scott's not yet completely convinced) . Instead , Scott's going to get from the network folks substantially more detail on precisely what the project entails . Once we've got that , we can meet with Commission staff and take their temperature on what sort of approval hoops we'd need to jump through in order to get authority to do the project , and what the time frame for approval would look like . Scott agrees with this approach . He's going to try to get more info from the network folks in Portland . We likely will regroup to figure out "next steps" right after the first of the year . Have any thoughts on this approach ? I do plan on coming every Thursday to the group meetings . However , this Thursday is my girlfriend's birthday , and her parents ( who live in the area ) have had a little "special event" planned for the past 6 months . Consequently , I will have to miss the GA Xmas party , which I'm very disappointed about----I really enjoy getting a chance to catch up with everyone . I'll also therefore have to participate in Thursday's call by phone . Apologies , but I'm sticking to the tried and true rule: "Family and relationships first!" Hope all is well . Best , Jeff
Today Mona and I attended a meeting of the "California Energy Solutions Group" ( formerly the AB 1890 Implementation Group) . But for the issues discussed below , there's not much else to report from the meeting other than folks engaged in a good deal of posturing . At our urging , the group decided to form a "subcommittee" comprised of a subset of the group . The group will work quickly to develop a "strawperson" proposal to present to the larger group for consideration . The goal is to quickly arrive at a "settlement"---ideally by year end , or sooner---that everyone can agree to and offer up to Davis , legislators , etc . Our "reward" for coming up with the idea is the requirement that we serve on the "committee." In addition to us , the other people on the committee are: Eve Elsesser will chair the committee---Cogen types John Fielder---Edison Mike Florio--TURN Bill Booth---CLECA Carolyn McIntyre---Sempra Aaron Thomas--AES ( retail ) Tony Braun--Munis Ralph Cavanagh--NRDC John Flory--CALPX It is clear that one of the key issues is devising the "benchmark" that the CPUC can use to judge the reasonableness of utility purchases---similar to the model used for utility procurement on the gas side . Chris Calger is in the office working on the power plant deals and I briefly discussed with him ways of devising a politically palatable , commercially defensible benchmark . We came up with some ideas that he suggested I pursue further with Bob Badeer , Chris Foster and Tim Belden , which I'll do on Monday . The first meeting of the subcommittee is on Tuesday . If possible , I'd like to add the "benchmark" and "committee" issues to our agenda for Tuesday's meeting . Best , Jeff
Greetings: We are getting considerable traction with the idea of using a "benchmark" to judge utility purchases , similar in concept to what's in place on the gas side . To oversimplify it: 1 ) set the benchmark 2 ) the utility buys for consumers and tries to beat the benchmark 3 ) if ( at the end of the year ) the utility has beat the benchmark , it shares the profits with consumers; if the benchmark wins , the utility shares the losses with consumers 4 ) the PUC performs no "after-the-fact" reasonableness; no "second-guessing" California likes the idea and is now looking to Enron to come up with what the benchmark ought to be . I talked to Calger a bit about it today and he suggested that I get together with you guys . As always , time's short . Are you available on Monday ? Thanks , Jeff
She was at attention , throughout the meeting.... .
Thanks very much , Doug .
Apologies . I've had to focus a bit on the finance project ( and slogging through the case has been long and painful) . I'll have my responses to 1-3 to Kim later this afternoon .
I didn't get an email on German GAAP from the professor .
Here's the exec sum draft that distributed hard copies of today . it's going to change quite a bit based on today's work . i'll try to turn it around by tomorrow for folks to look at .
Ditto , Christine: I've proposed some edits ( for what they're worth ) to Christine's fine work . Kim , this case has left me brain dead ( "compare the differences between the US Consitutation and the Magna Carta"---give me a break) , so you may want to make sure that I haven't made any outrageous typos . Best , Jeff
Greetings . I have a conflict in the morning , but could join by conference calling beginning at 2 pm . Is that possible . If not , no big deal . I , like Ralph , will catch up at the next meeting , and submit our ideas to Eve between now and then . Let me know . And I agree with Ralph re: staying focused on the most urgent issues . Best , Jeff
Very glad to here that things have gone well thus far . I'm keeping my fingers crossed that the good luck continues ! If we don't talk between now and Thursday , we'll talk then . Best , Jeff
Not sure that you were on the email list for this . Who's "Chris Fair?" I don't think that's you .
Great . How's 2 PM today ?
I think at this point , any more changes , and we're going to blow our collective brains out . But here's a question . What interest rate did we use to calculate the interest the County receives on its "ending balance?" Ted , you likely have a much better feel for this , but should it be something like the 3-month commercial paper rate , or something ? Did we use the 20-year treasury ? Again , I think we likely ought leave the thing along at this point , but thought I'd throw it out there . Tell me that it doesn't matter , please . And Ted , I thought we agreed that the interest rate was 5.720928373983039 ( kidding) . Jackie: Good luck with Schwab . I'll keep my fingers and toes crossed . Best , Jeff
I agree . My expectations for the new "California Energy Solutions Group" are low , but willing to give it a go . I'm planning on having the piece done by lunch---working on it now . Attached is the first message; there are 3 more messages , or so , which will only be ( no more than ) one more page .
New Yorker reviews Henry Moss in this week's issue . Haven't read it yet . Did you guys like it ? Cameron , what's the name of the bandwidth exchange firm that you guys did your deal with ? Bandwidth Exchange ? ( I"m brain dead. )
Got your message re: reverse auction all of the utility's demand . Getting ( interestingly complicated) , though . Now , the utilities want to create a "core/noncore" split in electricity , like in gas ( where large gas customers can't take commodity from the utility) . With a core/noncore split , Edison claims that QF contracts , nukes and other existing generation that it still holds is sufficient to meet "core" needs and it therefore may not need "contracts." As you can imagine , large customers ain't clamoring to get thrown into the market as "noncore" customers right about now . But they may find themselves without a choice . I talked to Calger on Friday about reverse auction versus benchmark and I'll be talking to the traders about it this afternoon , and we'll be discussing further when Rick , Steffes et al are here tomorrow . Will let you know where it goes . Best , Jeff
Talk to you then .
Hi Michelle: Guess who ? Just went into Ehronline and noticed that under vacation it sez that I'm entitled to 75 hours of vacation , and that I've used 48 hours , leaving 27 . I think that I'm actually entitled to more than 75 hours . Please tell me that I am . Thanks very much . Signed , Desperately in need of vacation Also , I clicked on deferral enrollment , and by-golly if I couldn't find the election form to download . Am I just clueless , or is there another place that I need to look for it ? Thanks a million .
Sounds good .
thanks . we should talk more about the perfect deal----if it's still something that you think is worth pursuing . you didn't think henry moss was the cat's meow , did you ?
I think that you're wondering is right on target .
Hi: Though I'll miss the meeting ( if it's over by 2 PM) , I'll be able to give you our ideas on the agenda items tomorrow . If there's anything else , just let me know . Best , Jeff
Please keep this confidential at this point . It's the agenda for the California "subcommittee" meeting on Tuesday that I mentioned in an earlier note . They were unable to reschedule the meeting , which starts at 10 AM tomorrow , but we're on the subcommitte and will have very good access to the final product , so I'm not too concerned about missing the "kickoff" meeting . Folks in California are really looking to us to help figure out item #2 "forward contracting." It would be very useful to discuss this outline tomorrow while we're all together . Best , Jeff
good point . if you'd like to include it in this draft , i'm fine with that---we certainly have been very vocal about the need to reform it . alternatively , we could discuss with the larger group tomorrow whether we weigh in heavily and if so what our exact message ought to be . either way works for me , just let me know .
thanks . my assumption is that , with respect to power plant siting and what we ought to do , you'll take the lead tomorrow . does it make sense for now to leave a "placeholder' under that one and we can discuss further tomorrow , or would you prefer to put a specific item in there now , like "Legislature should revisit last session's streamlining bill?"
you're cash flow spreadsheet is freakin' awesome . nice job .
can you please call me ? i'm trying to input the numbers from the spreadsheet into the exec sum , and have a question . thanks . 415.782.7822 .
Thank you so much . Really sorry to bother you so much .
Just had a long internal meeting . Over the next 24 hours , we're going to try to simulate on California a potential solution we devised in the meeting . No sense in offering something up if we don't know what the numbers look like , at least in a "ball park" sense . I should be able to get you something fairly concrete by end of day tomorrow or first thing Wednesday . That work ? Have fun tomorrow . Best , Jeff
That sounds like a very reasonable way to proceed .
Attached is a very rough draft of solutions/messages for discussion at tomorrow's meeting . I'll bring hard copies to the meeting .
Ok . Here they are . On exhibit A , I didn't touch numbers are exhibit #s . Also , I deleted CAPM , since we ain't got anything yet . And I deleted the part that said "ticket sales taxes don't matter much," because now that we have the numbers they could matter , cuz it's really tight between bond payments and tax revs . Anyway , that's it . I checked and doubled checked the numbers and exihibit #s in the exec sum , but you may want to give one last peek . Thanks SO much for pulling it together . Best , Jeff
Hi Mary: Well , the problem is likely just that I'm dense . I log in , click on deferral and find a description of what one needs to do ( i.e. , fill out the form) , but I've surfed around the site a bit and can't seem to find the form . Am I ( probably ) missing something ? Thanks a bunch . Best , Jeff
many thanks , mary . and michelle , i'm indebted , as always . if you don't hear from me , that means all went well .
I'm on your man . What do you need ?
11 AM PST . I'll try to be on but can't promise .
Can we have a quick call ( i.e. , no more than 30 minutes ) at 9 AM ( PST ) on Monday to discuss ?
you getting this stuff ?
will be at both meetings and will have detailed proposals beforehand . we continue to work on procurement piece and have reached teh same conclusion as you in your note---need something to implement now , as well as a "longer" term solution to IOU procurement . you'll be hearing from me .
yes , thank you . see you tonite !
Folks: The "subcommittee" I've referenced that's trying to come up with a solution to California's train wreck is moving very quickly . The group's shooting to have a first cut at a "straw person" proposal sketched out by end of next week . The group's meeting on Tuesday to continue to bounce around ideas . I'd like to try to have an internal call on Monday at either 10 AM ( PST ) or 3 PM ( PST ) to pin down at least a vaguely detailed conceptual framework that I can propose to the subcommittee on Tuesday . The agenda items for the internal meeting are: Finalize proposal for benchmark(s ) for utility procurement . Goal: increase utility willingness to enter into forward contracts by replacing PUC after-the-fact "reasonableness" review with a benchmark . ( Been working the Portland desk on a "portfolio benchmark" concept. ) Determine our view of how to treat term contracts w.r.t . the PX credit , i.e. , should those contracts be disclosed to the market , or should PUC keep them confidential , calculate the PX credit behind closed doors , and publish the credit ex poste ? The PX credit depends on the overall utility portfolio , not just the PX price . Let me know if 10 AM or 3 PM ( PST ) works better . Harry: I'll assume that you'll contact the folks from EES that need to participate . Best , Jeff
Mark: I don't know how any "concerns" I may have raised reached you , but rest assured that there are no worries from my end . I saw the piece on the local news . Vacar's on a one-person crusade to kill capitalism , that's certain . It was very clear that you were taken horribly out of context , and they did you a great disservice . Just between us chickens , it did come up as if you were implying that there's some reasonable likelihood that manipulation's the culprit . You can imagine just how sensitive we are to that issue . But I don't think that you should sweat it . In a very brief conversation with Mike Day I mentioned the piece and that they got you responding to manipulation ( i.e. , "when'd you stop beating your wife ) on camera . So agitated was I that I didn't even bother to bring it up with Herr Fawcett . So again , thanks much for the note , but no big deal . Now for my two cents: Question: "what's the problem?" answer: "very bad state energy policy---and here are the five big regulatory problems standing in the way of a solution for California....." "market manipulation ? well , those charges are raised in every industry , whenever prices spike . the lion's share of the time , it turns out to be market fundamentals." Appreciate your note . Thanks . Jeff
perhaps you were a little strong in relaying my concerns to someone ?
congratulations ? condolences ? anyway , let's talk . today's bad . you in tomorrow ?
Thanks very much Dave . We've got the proposal ( and we've got a few issues with it) . I know that you're swamped managing EES' book , etc . So I'd be happy to fill Dave in on EES' view of CLECA's proposal , the negotiations that are underway generally , and what we're cooking up to try to help the negotitations along . Just let me know . Also , Dave , be happy to talk to Hanson , and fill them in one what's going on out there if that would be useful . Jeff
sorry for the delay . be great to catch up , but with all this energy mess , i've had to cancel going , unfortunately . hope you're well . Best , Jeff
fyi . most responses back have been for 3 pm ( from the traders) . also , give dennis a call . he's polling folks to get views on what ferc's going to do on the 13th . best , jeff
you bet . i'm at 415.782.7822 .
Thank you very much for the info .
FYI . Per my voice message to you yesterday .
Distributed Power: The Next Big Investment ? With today's electricity demand expanding beyond the reach of available supply , and nationwide electric deregulation efforts providing inconsistent results , distributed power just may be the next big thing , according to Bear Stearns analyst Robert Winters . With technology-laden , electricity-hungry companies popping up every time you turn around , and blackouts and brownouts occurring more frequently as large power grids are becoming less reliable , the analyst points towards distributed energy services as a possible solution , and maybe the "next big investment opportunity for the coming decade." In Winters' 250 page report , "Distributed Energy Services-The World's Power and Transportation Industries: Set for a Revolution-Part 2," he examines technologies and companies within the distributed energy services sector that might be able to take advantage of the current situation . "Thanks to major technological advances and energy deregulation , a wave of new investment in the power industry has just begun . We believe that this coming era in the power industry could resemble the wave of investments which flooded into the telecommunications industry following the breakup of AT&T in the early 1980's," said Winters . "Companies and municipalities need to find ways to ensure the availability of high quality , reliable power," added Winters . According to his research , microturbines are the best positioned of the "new" technologies that would be able to have an immediate impact on electric generation . He based his recommendation on the fact that microturbines are small , quiet , efficient and very versatile . "They can be used as a main power source , a back-up power source or as an alternative when there is a spike in traditional energy prices," the analyst said . "Microturbines can also be used in remote locations , including developing countries , that do not have access to electricity." Another attractive feature of microturbines is their fuel requirements . The units often use natural gas , but can also use several other fuels as well . In the study , the analyst also examined fuel cells , flywheel technology , and existing reciprocating engines technologies such as diesel engines and Stirling engines , which he noted are enjoying a comeback . In addition to the report , Winters initiated coverage on two distributed energy companies . He labeled Active Power , a company that is pioneering flywheel technology , as a "buy" and Capstone Turbine Corp. , a leading manufacturer of microturbines , as "attractive." The companies are in addition to two fuel cell companies he currently follows . Ballard Power is currently a buy , and Plug Power is rated neutral .
Thanks very much for the info , Hedy .
Folks: As you recall from out meeting on Tuesday , we decided that I'd pull together a brief description of our key priorities and the actions underway to achieve them . The status report will be updated weekly . We'll use the weekly update as an important internal communication tool to keep folks abreast of activities and developments in CA . It will also serve as a a tool to help identify the need to modify our priorities and/or actions in light of ever-changing circumstances . We were going to try to get the first report out this week , but with the meeting in Houston , Sue's doctor appt and Karen's meetings with Marathon , we'll get the first one out Monday . My notes suggest that ( today's ) key priorities---understanding that everything's subject to change on a daily basis---are: No refunds End wholesale price caps as soon as possible Get forward markets working in CA Expedite plant siting No early roll of/maintain the rate freeze ( till ~01/02 ) Maintain current PX credit framework ( till ~01/02 ) Please forward to me the actions underway and planned in the area for which you've been designated "lead." Given how fluid things are , It seems prudent to limit "planned" items to those we've got planned for the next 2-4 weeks . I'll compile for distribution by COB Monday . My notes show the following leads: Also please let me know if my notes w.r.t . leads is consistent with yours . Thanks very much and have a great weekend . Best , Jeff
Rick , Jim , Harry: You will have the first status report for California by COB on Monday . We will update that report weekly . If there's anything you need between now and Monday , please let me know . Have a good weekend . Best , Jeff FYI: Yesterday , the California PUC rejected the utilities request to , among other things , raise rates and end the rate freeze . The status quo prevails , at least for now .
Well , you two really raised the bar with that celebration . It was just fantastic . Prentice said it's the best birthday she's ever had . Thanks so much for everything . It was really neat .
The votes have been counted ( kidding) , and the call will take place today at 3 PM PST . Call-in number to follow .
Could you please set up a call and distribute to this list ? Topic: utility forward contracting proposal . Time 3-4:30 pm PST . Thanks very much .
Sounds very good . Might be useful to get a "reputable" economist to write a paper that 1 ) describes traditional means for defining , identifying and mitigating market power , 2 ) compares those with the "new" means folks are coming up with these days , and 3 ) comments on the "split" in the academic community over the issues . When Steve Kean and I discussed the notion initially , thought it might be a good idea to gently "pile on" to the public discussion with the goal of making clear 1 ) just how complex this issue is and 2 ) how important it will be to have a thorough analysis ( say , about 12+ months worth? ) before rushing to judgment on anything Joskow might allege in his paper . Thoughts ? Best , Jeff
I believe that on Thursday/Friday ? you sent a note with some suggestions on proposed solutions . Darned if I can find it . Could you resend it ? Or , in the flurry of activity , am I mistaken , and the last dispatch I got from you was the note you sent on the 6th ? Apologies , Jeff
I've been buried . What did we hear from FERC last week ? Was that from Larcamp's their visit to Houston ?
I ain't forgot . Your proposal is a "touchy" one , and let's just say that it's required some nimble dancing in the attempt to gauge where folks sit , if you get my drift . I'm still on the case , however .
who's on so far ?
Mon-Thurs: SF
Mike: Please forward the letter to Jeff . Jeff , we'll be signing the letter . Look like something TW can sign . Give me a ring when you get a chance to look at it . Best , Jeff
Given the messy spot that SDG&E in particular and SoCalGas find themselves in due to what's happened to gas prices at the Cal border , it might not be a bad time to check in with our friend Neil Schmally ( sp? ) at Sempra to see how Enron might help ?
In case folks haven't already heard through other sources , a reliable person told me that PG&E is hedged for core gas requirements: financial--for 45% of core volumes at prices "in the single digits/decatherm" physical--for 15% of core volumes ( via storage ) at prices "less than the financial hedge" SDG&E is naked . SoCalGas is likely in the same boat as SDG&E , or worse , since they optioned core's storage gas to noncore customers , and , those customers are exercising .
You're a star . I owe ya . Next time you're in town , let me know in advance . Maybe we can have lunch or something . Hope all is well . Best , Jeff
OK . You and I are the last ones to get the info....Here it is . Good luck .
Only if it's not a bother . You're very sweet to forward along . You must feel GREAT being done !
can't wait .
Talked to Eric . He'll give Kari a ring and pass along message . Best , Jeff
Paul: Here's additional info for the "curtailment" data that we're pulling together . Utility Pricing for Core Gas Customers Prior to the month in question , the utility forecasts gas prices based on NYMEX monthly prices . So for example , based on November's forecast , the utility sets prices to be charged to core consumers in December . When December's over , the utility compares forecast prices with actual prices . If the forecast was too low , and there's an undercollection , the utility will increase January's price forecast by "just enough" to make up for the December undercollection . If prices were too high and there's an overcollection , the utility will reduce January price forecast by just enough to refund the overcollection . If the overcollection/undercollection is very large , the utilities have generally spread out the "true-up" over several months to avoid "rate shock" one way or the other . However , under the current circumstances , the utilities may be less willing to spread it out , and may wish to recover the entire undercollection in the following month . In short , there's at least a one-month lag in customer prices to account for differences in forecasts versus actual .
Refer such calls to Karen Denne in Houston . Thanks .
I don't want to create an hassles . Don't feel like you have to get the thing all fixed up by Friday if it not's a cake walk . "Eldon Sellers" Please respond to eldon
If all goes well , I'll have some info to distribute before the meeting regarding forward purchases . I'll be ready to discuss it at the meeting , too .
Professor Berk: Very interesting to hear the perspectives of a South African ex-pat last evening . Today's been very hectic , but I'll get back to you on the possibility of having Enron sponsor internships for the financial engineering program . Until we've had a chance to talk , could you wait before forwarding my name along to anyone else in the fin eng group ? Much appreciated . Best , Jeff
Thanks---couldn't agree more on the "crisis here"/"need education" assessment . The more we educate folks , the more they agree with our views and positions .
bed situation is as follows: everyone will be naked and in the same bed; your parents may excuse themselves if they wish . i'll be there round 7:30 .
That would work for me . And presumably Rory and Co . could come then , too ?
Can the deal bench presentation be distributed publicly ? I'd like to use it in the "subcommittee" meetings I mentioned last week as a means to a solution for California's reasonableness review morass . Left a message with Kahn late last evening . Haven't heard back yet . Will let you know . Best , Jeff
Frank's number at Luntz Research Companies is 703.358.0080 . For video info , ask Steve Kean .
Will do .
But Rory ( who by the way is responsible for this mess! ) now has decided that he'd like to do a Xmas "make up" on the 29th , which is smack dab in the middle of when we'll be up at the dome ( tween xmas and new year's--hopefully you and eldon will join us so we can kick yer butts in spades) . so the 29th is very bad , as you can imagine . if we could do the 24th , that would be great . when's your plane leave on the 24th ? do surf shops rent wet suits ? you think i can rent one from live water ?
yes . do we have a call-in number yet ?
Jennifer: I got a call from Chris Bailey ( sp? ) needing a summary of California dereg for a presentation(s ) that Harold's assembling . Attached is summary that Mona pulled together for Harold a couple of months ago . I don't have Chris' email address ( I've left him a message) . Could you forward this along to him ? Thanks a bunch . Best , Jeff
yep .
Sean: 305.5160
naked , all in one bed . star doesn't need a bed . prentice and i will need a bed ( hey , it's her birthday! ) tom & karen are very iffy , but if they show , and stay overnight ( iffy times two) , then they'll need a bed . that work ?
For today's noon call . when you open , answer "disable macros" to first prompt , and "no" to question about links . there are three portfolio scenarios that i'd be happy to discuss very quickly during the call .
FYI . As you know , we're attempting to find a solution to the "reasonable review" morrass that's impeding utility forward contracting . For that effort , we've worked with the Portland desk to pull together some educational materials to use with a subset of California stakeholders that's trying to devise a solution to California's melt down . The attached graphs show 3 scenarios for the state as a whole . 1 ) "do nothing" 2 ) for 60% of IOU short position , split the amount 50-50 and 1cover half the amount with 10-year fixed priced power and the other half with 5-year fixed priced power . 3 ) create a portfolio with a ) 25% of short position covered by 10-year fixed priced power , b ) 20% of short position covered by 5-year fixed price power , c ) 15% covered by 1-year fixed price power , d ) 20% covered by May-Sept fixed-price power , and e ) 15% from the PX . The term of each scenario is 5 years . Because each is priced off our our curves , the average price is roughly equivalent for each of the three portfolios . However , the graph shows ( as one would expect ) that exposure to price volatility is significantly higher under scenario 1 compared to 2 and 3 . The goal is to use the illustrative scenarios to persuade the industry that in the short run ( i.e. , immediately ) the utilities should be permitted to buy a modest amount of power under 5 and 10 terms , and those purchases ( if undertaken using a "DealBench-like" tool ) ought to be "per se" reasonable . If anyone has questions about it , or would like to discuss further , give a call at 415.782.7822 . Best , Jeff
Agree that Enron shouldn't be the lead . An economist should be the lead with a broad group of folks funding . Seems funny that EPSA wouldn't have an interest in the debate over how market power is assessed and addressed .
oh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ! In the "big" house , sleeps 10---3 kings and 2 twins!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ! In the "little" house , sleeps 6--2 queens and 1 trundle!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ! anything else!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
Hi . Got your message . As you know , it's complete meltdown here , so I apologize for not having got back to you sooner . I'll read and get back to you . Deadline ?
Leslie: Looks good . Just a couple of comments: 1 . General May want to point out that the roots of California's current gas woes are the same ones causing the electric problem---combined effect of California's "import-based" energy policy and the state's failure to invest in in-state infrastructure . California imports about 25% of its electricity , but about 80-90 percent of its gas supply . California has failed to invest in the in-state infrastructure necessary to support increased gas demand over the last decade . So we've got an interstate pipeline superhighway to the border and a dirt road of in-state transportation once you get into California . The last bullet seems to suggest that manipulation may be taking place . Can we support that suggestion , and is it one that we want to make necessarily ? If we do suggest that manipulation may in part explain current prices , do we need to propose ways to eliminate it ? Otherwise , seems that we may be giving FERC ammunition to take action without trying to "steer" that action in the right direction . Maybe I'm reading too much into the bullet . 2 . Specific Competition for gas coming to California has increased significantly . The midwest ( via Alliance ) is competing away Canadian gas . The Southwest ( Nevada , Arizona ) is competing away supply from the Southwest before it hits the California border .
But if they kept Grace , they might have a winning season , and lord knows nobody wants that... .
Thanks a bunch . So how in the world did you find yourself standing in front of this tornado ?
FYI . EPSA and IEP will have a joint PR call tomorrow in case anyone would like to listen in .
He just can't help himself .
thanks very much .
math error . big sleeps 8 . little sleeps . can you explain the panic about sleeping arrangements , and could you fill me in on what those arrangements are prior to sending the email out ?
Looks fine to me to send around . You want to send it ? Give a call when you get a chance to discuss .
That's the information that they sent me , copied from what they sent me .
8 ( big ) 6 ( little) . i assume "trundle" sleeps two .
Just met with the industry group trying to come up with a solution for California . The group liked our portfolio approach . In sum: A portfolio approach is the right long-term solution . In the short run , our illustrative portfolios show that the utilities ought to immediately fill a modest portion of their requirements via fixed-price , long term contracts , and those contracts should be found reasonable , up front , so long as the utility uses a competitive auction . To stimulate discussion we proposed that the utility fill 5% of its net short position with 5-year , fixed-price contracts and 5% from 10-year , fixed-price contracts . Everyone on the call liked the proposal . After some discussion about whether 5%-5% was the right one , Edison agreed to come to Friday's meeting with its proposal for price/term/quantity that it ought to contract for immediately . ( Edison may want the number to be higher , and the baskets to be different. ) Anything can happen between now and Friday , but thus far looks positive . Thanks to everyone for the help in getting the proposal together , Steve Swain in particular . ( Steve: We may get asked to run a few more illustrative portfolios for the group. ) I'll report back on what happens at the meeting on Friday . If there are any questions , etc. , just let me know . Best , Jeff
Eve Elsesser AES--Aaron Thomas ( retail ) Munis Munis and Florio were not on the call today , but I suspect both will be OK with our proposal .
As we discussed , attached is a brief description of ENA's and EES' key goals in California and the actions underway to achieve them . We'll update the status report weekly . We hope that the weekly update will serve as a useful internal communication tool to keep folks abreast of activities and developments in CA . It can also serve as a tool to help identify the need to modify our goals and/or actions as circumstances change . Comments on the form and/or substance of the document and how we can make it more useful are welcome . Best , Jeff
Joseph will set up the call and distribute to the list .
paul . please leave the number on paul's voicemail since he's traveling . thanks a billion .
NRDC , TURN , Edison , Sempra , CLECA ( large industrial) , AES ( formerly NEV) , Munis , PX , CMA , Enron . Though TURN and Munis , while not opposed , are posturing at this point as "noncommittal."
Hmmmm . The world is no longer safe , not even for we relics . Well , I'l glad to know that at least one adult is involved .
yes , and we can discuss storage further if you like .
Being a true blue American , I support expansion . If you get a free minute , can you give me a call to discuss . My short answer is--no problem , looks good .
I'll get you my comments ASAP . Has Shelley Corman seen it ?
Kahn's secretary has left messages that he's "very tied up" and continues to try to contact me . Suggests to me that they may be planning something and he's reluctant to contact folks . I'll poke around . I thought our stock would go UP when an announcement about Skilling was made . I guess this means you'll be going to D.C . with Lay .
I was thinking that you might be able to bring a modicum of legitimacy to it... .
I was thinking that I should probably get another case of coastal . 1 ) What do you think ? 2 ) Could you have one delivered ? I could pick it up .
Going to be an ugly four years... .
FYI . I'm editing now and have several proposed edits . Should be to you within 20 minutes .
Recognizing the time constraints you face , I've tried to 1 ) clear up a few inaccuracies and 2 ) massage some of the sharper language without taking a chainsaw to the otherwise good job .
I'm thinking we need two cases .
you got it .
My pleasure . Thanks for the opportunity . Good luck . Between the US Supreme Court and the energy crisis , D.C . must be very interesting right about now .
Word on the street is that Davis , Hoecker and Richardson are meeting in D.C . today . That consistent with what your hearing ?
I'm on the EPSA/IEP call but doing a million things simultaneously . Lynn's taking a big role on the call . I think that you should check in with her afterwards to get a briefing since I'll be getting off for another call in the next 5 minutes .
please send the call-in number around for 1:30 call when you get . kaufman's going to be on the call . thanks , buddy .
Mark: Did you have wind of Jason's story on Edison calling for an end to AB 1890 ? His spin on the story was good one---Edison got everything it wanted ( out of 1890 ) and now it wants out of the contract . The story seems worthy of a response , particularly since Jason's the reporter . Even the Chair of FERC recognizes that going backwards is not the answer . Best , Jeff
I'm available at 8 am ( do while you're driving? ) and will make my schedule flexible in the afternoon .
That was painful .
I feel so useless . Thanks so much for taking charge of this and doing such a fantastic job . Are you in close contact with Martin and Doug ?
Jeannie: Apologies . Though I'm sure it doesn't seem like it , I'm on the job . I'll try to get the numbers and I'll read the piece now . Best , Jeff
I was told that Lynch and Duque released press releases today saying that the Commission does not intend to let the utilities to go bankrupt . Haven't been able to find any press releases on the CPUC website , however .
Professor Aceves: Attached are a word and an excel file . Both are formatted for easy print out . Note that the excel file has two work sheets: "balance sheet" and "income statement." I'd be happy to provide you with a hard copy , too , if you would prefer a hard copy . Just let me know . Thanks for a great course . All the best , Jeff
Might have perhaps been simpler if Bill "Al Haig" Richardson had announced at the press conference yesterday that he was ordering his energy company , BPA , to stop "withholding" and send power to California .
Can you believe this ?
Ralph: No one else had any problems with it . It's a simply Excel file that should show graphs with 3 "portfolio scenarios." Would you like me to fax to you , or bring copies to tomorrow's meeting ?
Sue , Sandi , Paul: Let's try to discuss and collect any comments we have this afternoon at our weekly staff meeting .
apologies . could you resend me the id and password to get into EOL . thanks a bunch .
Professor Aceves: Could you let me know that you received the final exam files that I sent last nite ? I'll sleep easier knowing that you've received them and that they're not floating around somewhere in cyberspace . Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
Sorry . Been a bit crazy around here . Thanks for the note , and thank you for doing such a good job at driving this process . My thoughts on your proposal ( and these are very preliminary): 1 ) politicians may not be willing to go as high as 25% for fear of being accused of a "utility bailout"--maybe 10-15% ? though utility solvency may force their hands . 2 ) TURN will go ape-#%#$ if we make the "roll off" retroactive to October . 3 ) I'm willing to allow utilities to collect TRA undercollections , but feel that customers and utilities ( not me ) need to figure out precisely what that number is . Look forward to getting closure tomorrow , though I'm very concerned that we've lost Edison , given Bryson's public calls to return to 1950 . Best , Jeff
Actually , please keep doing this , but send them only to Miyung Buster and ask that they be included in the group of articles sent out to everyone twice a day . Miyung's in charge of compiling and distributing such articles on a twice-a-day basis . Thanks a bunch .
Glad to hear that you're on the distribution . I think it's vital that you attend . It's a centrist group that's making a lot of progress . But chances for success will be greatly diminished without PG&E's participation . Best , Jeff
P.S . If you're responsible for getting Dan there , you're a genius . I've written Dan a note telling him that it's absolutely critical that he be there . Maybe you could ask the other folks on the distribution to urge Dan to come , too . Best , Jeff
Hi Kari: I know that you and I are both swamped , so I'm writing very briefly to give you a brief update . But first , thank you very much again for meeting last week . Greatly appreciated , and look forward to working together to help in any way I can to find solution that is acceptable to all . Here's the update: Our "subcommitte" is meeting tomorrow to try to close the deal on a proposed solution . It focuses on 3 key areas: Using the utilities retained assets to moderate prices . Designing a framework for forward contracting that strikes a much more appropriate balance in CA between state oversight and the need for utility flexibility . Rate stabilization/Undercollections ( utility solvency ) I will update you tomorrow on the group's progress . If thing's go according to plan , we may be in a position to submit something to you a early as Monday . If there's a deadline from your end that I ought to be aware of , let me know and I'll incorporate it into the subcommittee's work plan . In the meantime , if there is anything at all that I can do to help , please don't hesitiate to contact me . Thanks again and all the best , Jeff
who the hell is this bozo ?
you forward this to wolfe , belden & co. ?
I think we need to be careful about broadcasting every rumor floating around to an email list of this size . Just a thought .
no problem . we're cancelling the meeting .
FYI . Here's the release that I referenced yesterday evening . CONTACT: Armando Rend?n CPUC PRESIDENT LYNCH AND COMMISSIONER DUQUE STATEMENT California Public Utilities Commission ( CPUC ) President Loretta Lynch and Commissioner Henry Duque today issued a statement regarding revisions to item 8 on the Commissioner agenda of December 21 , 2000: We note certain revisions to the Commission's published agenda for December 21st . Item 8 has been revised to reflect the scope of options available to the Commission in addressing current financial conditions facing Pacific Gas and Electric and Southern California Edison . The financial problems faced by California's utilities are the result of the failure of the wholesale electric market to ensure just and reasonable prices for this necessity . The Commission need not act on this agenda item on December 21st , but the fact that it is on our agenda allows the Commission to act if necessary . The financial stability of California's utilities is of paramount importance to California , and to this Commission . The CPUC stands ready to act to protect the financial viability of California utilities . The exorbitant and unjustified prices now being charged in California's electricity market demonstrate the necessity for the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ( FERC ) to intervene and control the opportunism of the electricity sellers . FERC must act to solve the underlying market failure so that all energy consumers are assured of reliable delivery of power and protected from exorbitant energy costs . We urge FERC to act immediately . For information on this item , please contact Harriett Burt , Deputy Chief of Staff for Loretta Lynch at 415-703- 2444 , Mary Lou Tousey , 415-703-2593 , or Commissioner Carl Wood , 415-703- 2440 .
you will be on call , correct ?
Since I'm in S.F. , I assume that I'll be able to call in by phone ?
Jeannie: there are currently 8,300 MWs worth of applications submitted and awaiting approval for construction from the CEC .
get rid of him .
And the same to you . Sorry you didn't make to have a beer after the final . See you at MPAR in January . Have fun catching up on your sleep and laying around a little bit . Best , Jeff
Only the presidential election was more bizarre ! I have my fingers crossed that a Republican administration will help . In any case , it's a welcome change of pace . Hope you're well out there . Best , Jeff
Here are some suggestions for the op-ed piece . One general comment: It may be a bit lengthy at this point . Also , have we decided whether it would be our op-ed piece ? And one key point that is very commercially sensitive: The term "end the rate freeze" has very ominous implications for EES's book , depending on the timing of any such "end" in California . Thus my heavy-handed edits on that portion . Nice job , Jeannie . Best , Jeff
Attached is a letter that we worked on today and that will be sent to the Governor , CA's US Senators ( Boxer/Feinstein) , congressional folks , and key Cal state legislators . It's going out first thing tomorrow AM . It builds on many of the things we've discussed over the past several months , so there shouldn't be any surprises . If you've got any concerns please give Paul a call at home or page me at 888.916.7184 . Jeff
Thank you . Have a nice holiday . Best , Jeff
FYI . Please keep this internal and confidential . Here's where the group I mentioned left off last Friday . It will be useful for our discussion this afternoon . You'll note from the comments that it's anything but a done deal . I'll forward the SF press mentioned in the note . Best , Jeff
Can we try to set up a quick call to discuss ?
1 ) Is it your sense that the deal is done and that it will be announced at the PUC meeting on Thursday ? 2 ) Would the PUC be required to provide 30 days comment , or could it be effective immediately ? Best , Jeff
Bad . Let's talk .
Yes .
need to be 12:30
Mike: Can't thank you guys enough for coming . It was a great time , and Prentice was really happy that you made it . Hope you didn't get too much of a headache listening to me play ( ? ) the bass . Please pass along thanks to Lisa , and no reciprocation needed . Great to have you . Happy holidays . Best , Jeff
likely a mistake . send the sender an email and ask ?
Jennifer: With respect to FERC's ruling from Friday , I'll forward to you what's been forwarded to me . With respect to the governorn's plan , the one that you forwarded along from EES' customer is definitely one of the more extreme scenarios we've been hearing , but with Davis , I wouldn't rule anything out . If I hear anything , I'll report back . Best , Jeff
The haircut notion , I believe , arises from Edison's claim that the PX price includes a capacity payment , particularly when demand ( i.e. , the price ) is higher . I think there's discussion of it in the proposed decision that came out some time ago and which sits in "hold" limbo on the Commission's agenda . I've attached it . Alan could you see if it's included in the decision ? If not , I can poke around more . Thanks . Best , Jeff
Steve: Here's the info for tomorrow's call . Thanks for making the time . Talk to you then . Best , Jeff 12:00 CDT Call with Dick Anderson ( EBS Tax) , Steve Bowen and Dan Clearfield re: using a c-corp vs . an LLC for our CLEC
FYI . Just learned that California's key small consumer group , TURN , will be sending a letter to the PUC saying that it would be a violation of due process to issue on Thursday the sorts of orders the PUC is comtemplating without first giving folks a chance to comment .
Just got off the call with the California stakeholders . The group's trying to come up with a solution and today's call was a challenge . Edison threw new demands on the table that effectively ended any chance for a deal today . Appears that at this point that anything more than a 10% rate increase is out of the question politically for the Governor , and the utilities are very unhappy about it . Consumer groups are already balking publicly at the 10% increase reported in the press . The meeting effectively ended when Edison announced that , in response to New West turning back their customers , Edison plans to file a proposal with the Commission this week that would require all returning customers to pay the spot price for energy . The large customer groups blew their tops and that pretty much ended the call . The group agreed to meet again on Friday , after the PUC business meeting on Thursday . Best , Jeff
Thanks for the effort . Not looking so great . We should keep plugging away , however . Trucks with bullhorns ? Best , Jeff
don't even worry about it . i didn't feel jumped on at all . the debate has turned about 100% political with very little rational economic thought present , unfortunately .
Thanks . These are the portions of the deal that I've been highlighting as problematic for us with the settlement group for the past few weeks . The group knows that unless there's some compromise on these points in a way that directly addresses our concerns , we won't be signing anything . After yesterday's call , at which Edison blew the meeting up , there's no deal in sight in the immediate term .
No thanks necessary . My pleasure . I'll report back with what happens this afternoon . Best , Jeff P.S . You run a damned good meeting .
FYI . This article tracks well with the information we've thus far received and that I passed along on the call this morning .
Bob: I want to let you know that I stand in awe of someone who has the balls to open for someone as talented as Dan B . It demonstrates that you're one talented guy yourself . Congratulations . Your show was great , and it was good to see you . Best of luck on the rest of the tour . Best , Jeff
Thanks a million for the summary . In the flurry , I accidentally deleted it . Could you re-send . It's STILL a jungle out there . Best , Jeff
I've been notified that the California Commissioner has cancelled the meeting with stakeholders that had been scheduled for this afternoon . He'd scheduled it to discuss what the order the Commission intends to issue on Thursday might look like . It signals , at this point , that the utilities continue to have a difficult time reaching agreement with the administration . Will get back with more as it develops . Jeff
Dude , you may have taken her charger cord ! She can't find hers . Do you have two now ? Ditto on your comment re: the man versus him music . The personality is way , way out front .
you bet . Helps a lot having you identify the interests . So please continue doing that . I'll keep you up on what's happening as it happens .
Heres' the file . Again , we used it , in the end , to justify having the utilities go out , now , and fill 10-15% of their net short position with 5 and 10 years deals . The group agreed , though there's still discussions about the percentage ( higher? ) and the mix ( 5 and 10 year deals?; 3 , 5 , 10 year deals?)--you get the picture . The guy from Edison who's been participating in the talks and agreed with our approach ( understanding that the percentage and baskets are still negotiable ) is John Fielder , SVP of regulatory affairs . Good luck . Best , Jeff
January 5th , not December 5th . I'm glad to see that someone besides me writes down the wrong date once in a while .
I paged you yesterday with the info on size , construction start and in-service dates . You get it ?
Couple of very minor suggestions , and I filled in the online date for
I don't have it . do you need it soon ?
sounds like you'll be getting a subpoena ! you co-conspirator you .
email is: charryl@pacbell.net
FYI .
I'll be out the week between Xmas and the New Year .
thank you . that's it !
Sorry about that . I don't think that I'm in on the 1 pm conference call . Best , Jeff
Mark: Here's the info Size = 500 MW Purchase price = $42 MM ( sold to Calpine ) Permit status at time of sale = all permits had been obtained One note: while we had gas and electric interconnection agreements ready to execute , Calpine told us not to and they arranged those for themselves . If there's anything else that you need don't hesitate . Happy holidays . Best , Jeff
Status report: Utility solvency Status report: EBS in California
Paul Kaufman phoned with the following brief report from the Western Governor's Association "Energy Summit" that took place today . Paul will follow up with more detail when he gets back to a computer . The governors issued the following recommendations: California should immediately implement FERC's order issued last Friday and aggressively pursue all available DSM and conservation opportunties . The Western region should likewise be much more aggressive in identifying and implementing DSM and efficiency opportunities . Increase supply as soon as possible . FERC should do an investigation into the potentially negative effects that price caps can cause in the industry . FERC should add to its investigations an investigation into what caused the price spikes in the first week of December . Work with the Bush transition team to make sure that someone from the new administration is focused on the issue . Hoecker said that he is not inclined to impose a region-wide cap until California takes the actions it needs to take to help alleviate the situation ( e.g. , reforming regs governing utility forward contracts) . Jeff
FYI , I'm having gall bladder surgery from January 1 to February 1 .
Very interesting . Quick questions: 1 ) $100MM come out of our pockets ? 2 ) Could we "guarantee" 500 MWs ? 3 ) Would we identify and implement DSM at our customers' sites ? Jeff
Attached is the URL to get to what should be a real audio broadcast of tomorrow's PUC business meeting . The meeting starts at 10 AM PST . Many who have tried to use the link in the past have been unable to connect , but the PUC may have since worked the kinks out . I will be at the meeting and will report back via email . Best , Jeff
Toes , too .
Number 5 under 'A flawed retail market" should read "...a power INcentive" not DISincentive .
for dow jones direct: logon: bgaillar password: Ene498834
We will set up a call-in number to relay to folks any actions the Commission takes tomorrow . The Commission meeting starts at 10 AM PST , but it's unclear when they will take up our issue . Since the press will likely have the place surrounded , they may decide to do that item first . We'll send out a notice with a call-in # and time as soon as we have the information . Best , Jeff
Will do .
These folks will need to be added to the distribution list . Lysa/Joseph: it's going to be a bit wacky , because , as the note indicates , I'm not sure what time the call will be . Anywhere from about 11 AM to 2 PM PST . We'll need to keep the number of ports as unlimited as possible , because I have a feeling that the note indicating that there be a meeting will get around , perhaps globally . As soon as I know what time I'll want to have the call , I will notify Joseph , who will need to set up the call and distribute the info to the original list I sent around plus the names below . If you two have suggestions on how you'd like to handle , like Ross Perot , I'm all ears . Thanks so much for your help . Also , please make sure to add Vicki Sharpe and Michael Smith of EES on the list , too . Jeff
S&P threatened publicly yesterday that unless the PUC acts decisively today to fix the utilities' cash flow issue , they will significantly downgrade California's IOUs . I assume that's in the WSJ article Rick referenced . As Rick said , more info to come in a few hours .
From the most recent information we have , the most likely outcome appears to be the following: As we've discussed this week , the administration and the utilities continue to have a very difficult time reaching agreement on 1 ) how much of the undercollection the IOUs should absorb and how much consumers should absorb and 2 ) how big the rate increase should be to manage the IOUs cash flow/credit problems ( governor wants 10% , IOUs want at least 20%) . It remains likely that the Commission will rule today on relaxing regulations to make it easier for the IOUs to enter into longer-term contracts w/out getting 2nd and 3rd guessed by the Commission . It is likely that the Commission will signal strongly that it will not let the IOUs go bankrupt but will only go so far as to outline its plan for considering and implementing a "rate stabilization" plan in Q1 2001 . That said , the stakes are very high and things could change dramatically between now and 2 PM PST . Just talked to two SVPs with PG&E and Edison and they said that they don't know what the Commission will do at 2 . Jeff
will do .
Steffes' call is FERC related . This one's CA PUC related .
Mike ( Smith): Since things will move pretty quickly from this point forward , we want to have a quick meeting to explore our legal options and how best to preserve them . We'd like to have a kickoff call after the daily 10 AM ( CST )  call that Wanda Curry handles . Are you available after Wanda's call ? Say 11 AM CST ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
Hotel res works for us . "Eldon Sellers" Please respond to eldon
I'm going to try to attend . Thanks a bunch for setting it up .
we'll get tuxes . however , folks won't be going leaving at the same time , so going to the airport together seems unlikely . and it being new year's eve , i would strongly suggest taking a cab from the airport to the hotel---gonna be a zoo . but , on the other hand , if scott and cameron are in for picking folks up , god love 'em .
Looks like scott and cameron are indeed game . sounds like we should rent a big car--lincoln town or something .
Edison doesn't want to play ?
Very unnecessary . Very kind . Very much appreciated . Thank you .
Dasovich numbers: home: 415.621.8317 pager: 888.916.7184 cell: 415.505.6633
Note that this communication is confidential , covered by CA's settlement rules .
Greetings Judge Minkin: This is to inform that a representative of Enron Corp would like to address the Commission on the issue of utility rate stabilization plans at the Commission's hearings scheduled for December 27th and 28th . Thank you . Sincerely , Jeffrey Dasovich Director , Enron Corp
Attached is a draft of the talking points for the Commission's hearings . Few points: Our time is likely to be limited to 5-10 minutes . Mike Day , our outside counsel , will make the presentation on our behalf . Mike Day is fleshing out the legal details of our presentation and he will forward that along for folks review later today . Comments can be forwarded to me via email , pager ( 888.916.7184) , voicemail ( 415.782.7822) , or home ( 415.621.8317) . We will finalize the message points on tomorrow's daily call ( 10 AM CST) . The call in number is 800.713.8600 . Code is 80435 . The Commission's hearings begin tomorrow at 10 AM ( PST) .
Nice job . Going to be a wild ride .
That's a very good point . I'll make the change . Best , Jeff
You're right , Sue . Rates can't go up w/out declaring the rate freeze over in some fashion---trying to finesse it . Thanks very much for the comments . Harry also had a good comment---don't specify the amount of rate increase in our comments; rather note that the rate increase needs to be well-reasoned and based on facts and evidence . Will make that change .
you were on the original . did you not get it ?
Thanks . Good points . Will make sure that we have "bad guys" issued covered . You have a great holiday with your family and a safe and happy New Year . Best , Jeff
Thanks Roger . Here are the highlights of today's hearings: Common themes--many tracked ours pretty closely Not a question of whether rates need to rise , but by how much . Though some oppose any and all rate increases , the lion's share acknowledged that the utilities have a cash flow problem and the a rate increase is necessary . Due process matters . If the Commission is thinking about going as far as ending rate freezes and increasing rates , it better provide for ample due process , or countless law suits will ensue . Don't jump the gun . A rate increase is likely , but only the utilities benefit from adoption of the utilities' proposals . The Commission needs to carefully scrutinize the utilities' claims and take a careful look at the level of increase required to maintain access to capital markets . However , as expected , the utilities implored the Commission to jump the gun immediately . The utilities want the Commission to declare an end to the rate freeze and raise rates on Jan.4 . No more divestiture . The utility should keep the generating assets it retained , but the Commission should ensure that the assets' benefits are allocated equally among all customers . One legislator recommended that the State buy the utilities' hydro assets , which would give the utilities the cash they need and give the state control over some generation . Treat all customers equally and fairly . The Commission should not create two classes of customers ( e.g. , large v . small; direct access v . bundled) . No customer group should be sacrificied to save another . Be as narrow as possible/do as little harm as possible The immediate problem is the utility's cash/credit crunch . As such , the Commission should do only enough to solve this very specific , immediate problem . A modest rate increase is all that's required and the Commission should do no more . At the beginning and the end of the hearing , the President of the Commission asked parties to be prepared ( at tomorrow's hearing ) to discuss whether the Commission could legally use its other , broad powers to raise rates without declaring an end to the rate freeze . It seems that she seems some benefit in raising rates , but leaving AB 1890 otherwise intact untill the Commission can Marketers and generators are to blame for the problem Though not universally embraced , the theme came up repeatedly . A few parties ( e.g. , the Unions , low income consumer groups , one PUC commissioner ) called for complete re-regulation of the industry , returning the utilities to vertically integrated monopolies . But they were the exception rather than the rule at today's hearing . 2 . Next steps There hearings were scheduled to end on Thursay , but now will continue through Friday . Tomorrow , lawyers will provide "oral" arguments on whether the Commission must end the rate freeze in order to increase rates . We will argue that it does not have to , and should not , go through the complex and controversial exercise of determing whether the rate freeze is over between now and 01.04.01 . We will argue that the Commission has the authority to raise rates without ending the rate freeze , and if it decides to raise rates , it should do so while keeping AB 1890's basic structure in place until a full and fair hearing of the issues is completed . We are talking to other stakeholders to persuade them to take the same approach . In terms of legal arguments , this is clearly a long shot , but one that seems worth taking . After the oral argument , the utilities will present their rate proposals and "all interested persons" will have the opportunity to cross-examine the utilities ( in short , tomorrow will also be a zoo) . When asked what the process will be for issuing a proposed decision and providing comments , the President of the Commission responded "we don't know , it's evolving." In other words , the Commission is doing a poor job of ensuring that their Jan 4 decision is "appeal-proof." Keep in mind that the situation remains extremely fluid and the trend is still toward ending the rate freeze on Jan . 4th . We continue to aggressively offer alternatives to that possibility and continue to try to bring other stakeholders to our side . We're doing everything necessary to preserve our appeal rights . We can discuss further on the 10 AM ( CST ) call tomorrow . Best , Jeff
Here is some info in advance of tomorrow's call .
will do . will do .
I haven't received anything .
ah jeez , i guess this means that you made it back safely from s.d ?
Today's hearing was dominated by : 1 ) many lawyers arguing over whether the Commission must declare that the "rate freeze" is over before raising rates , or whether the Commission can rely on its general constitutional and statutory authority to raise rates on an interim basis , without addressing the issue of the rate freeze , and , 1 ) an appearance by Ralph Nader . The Legal Issue In general , our proposal seems to have gotten some traction . Whether it sticks remains to be seen , however . We proposed that: The Commission has the authority to raise rates without addressing the rate freeze issue . The Commission will not have the facts it needs , and it won't have provided the due process necessary by Jan 4th , to address all the complex issues tied to the rate freeze . And if it tries , it's likely to face a flurry of law suits , which is in no one's best interest . For it's Jan 4th decision , the Commission should confine itself to determining whether , and if so by how much , to raise rates to maintain the utilities' access to capital markets . ( We've taken no position on whether there's a need to raise rates. ) setting a hearing schedule to examine the "rate freeze" and all related issues thoroughly and methodically . The utilities argued that the Commission must declare an end to the rate freeze; otherwise any Commission decision to raise rates would be easy to attack in the courts . ( In reality , the utilities want the Commission to end the rate freeze in order to assure lenders that the Commission will permit the utilities to recover going-forward procurement costs . Under the rate freeze , the utility is at risk for procurement costs that exceed the rate freeze. ) In his presentation , our outside counsel offered numerous citations to past Commission decision and court cases supporting the Commission's ability to raise rates if it found it necessary to do so . Many other parties agreed with our position . A few parties said that the issue was too murky to make a call . During questioning , both the President of the Commission ( Loretta Lynch ) and the presiding judge seemed to indicate that they believe the Commission has ample authority to raise rates without having to address the rate freeze issues . The Ralph Factor Apparently , having lost the Presidential election , Ralph Nader's still looking for work . He showed up at the hearings today and held a very lengthy news conference . From what I could hear , he targeted all of his criticism at the utilities for being greedy , and at the Governor for being too ready and willing to bail the utilities out . Even when thrown some soft balls about "out of state generators," Nader stuck to bashing the Governor and the utilities . But I couldn't hear the entire press conference , so he may have said things that I missed . The Next Steps The hearings that were scheduled to end today will now go into next week . Tomorrow , the utilities are scheduled to make their case for financial hardship . Customers intend to question the utilities very aggressively ( as does the PUC) . The utilities will also have the chance to question the consumer representatives who filed their own proposals and analysis with the Commission . On Tuesday , the Commission is likely to take up the issue of how big any rate increase needs to be and how much of the increase each customer group should shoulder . More tomorrow on the call . Best , Jeff
All: Please see attached materials from Steve Kean . Ken Lay and Steve Kean met yesterday with the Governor of California and his policy director to discuss solutions to California's energy problems . The meeting was very constructive . Ken Lay and Steve offered some of Enron's proposed solutions and the Governor discussed the options he's considering . We've been asked to provide--by Tuesday--feedback on his proposals . The turn-around time is tight , particularly in light of the holiday . We'll need your feedback by COB Monday . If at all possible , if folks can group their feedback , comments and suggestions and foward them along to me , that would be very helpful . If there is anyone else that you think ought to receive this information , please forward along . Thanks very much for you help . Best , Jeff
Thanks .
The Hearings The hearings have transitioned to the more traditional , courtroom-like environment , with lawyers engaged in detailed cross-examination of utility witnesses . The hearing focused solely on the utility claims of financial hardship . The hearings went from 9AM-5PM and only managed to make it through two PG&E witnesses--extensive , detailed questions on PG&E's cash management practices since restructuring started in 1998 . Questions to witnesses focused in particular on PG&E's use of cash for investment and financing activities over the past 2-3 years ( e.g. , dividend/stock repurchase activities , transfer of cash from IOU to parent and parent's use of that cash for investment activities) . Questions also focused on options other than rate increases available to the utility ( e.g. , liquidate certain assets of unregulated biz units , loans from parent , bankruptcy) . The commissioners and the ALJ have reacted in extremely hostile manner toward PG&E's repeated attempts to amend and add to their proposal as the hearings progress . Questioning of PG&E witnesses will continue at 10 AM on Tuesday , followed by Edison witness . Unclear when the hearings will end , though the Commission is scheduled to issue its decision on Thursday . At this point , it seems very unlikely that the Commission will have developed the record necessary to do anything other than raise rates under its general ratemaking authority . Outside the Hearing Intense negotiations between Governor's office and utility management continue . Seems that the Commission/Administration is beating up on the utilities inside the hearing room in an attempt to soften the utilities up and gain some leverage in the negotiations taking place outside the hearing room . Governor continues to try to bring consumer groups into the negotiations with utilities , but consumer groups continue to resist and continue to oppose any rate increases . Governor seems to be attempting to set up a situation where the Commission absorbs the political heat for raising rates on the 4th , and the Governor follows-up with a more comprehensive set of proposals as part of his state of the state speech on the 8th .
Thanks for the articles . Well , not quite in PJs , but yes , working from home , which is some consolation . PG&E has said that a signficant share of gas suppliers have stopped transacting with PG&E due to credit risk . Our exposure to PG&E is huge ( both EES and ENA) , so I wouldn't be surprised if we've stopped transacting with them until the Commission comes out with its decision on the 4th and we see how the ratings agencies respond . I can find out first thing Tuesday morning . And a very happy and safe new year to you , too . Best , Jeff
Steve: I'm going to give you a call . Few things: Got your message . As you'll see from the document , I likely spent too much time over the weekend on the "what's in it for consumers" messages . Since it was one of the the "to do" items , I figured that it should get some emphasis , but sounds like that may not be the case . I've proposed a template for how to provide feedback on the Gov's specific proposals , using direct investment in power plants by the state as the illustrative example . Let me know if you think it works . I have ideas on each , but thought it better to await feedback from the commercial folks before filling out our comments in each area . I'm finishing up a bit more detailed proposal for how the Gov might use "energy gurus" to help on the portfolio/procurment issues , and am also offering additional detail on the need for a "rate summit." Got messages in to Schroeder re: Nordpool--expect to hear back from him today at some point and I can drop that info into the document soon as I get it . Will talk to EES at 10 AM CST to discuss their proposals . If you'd like to join that call , let me know and I'll forward along the call-in number , which I think you may already have in your email . Have received a few comments from ENA that I'll incorporate . Best , Jeff
Yes , have talked to both Stoness and Sunde about it . Thanks .
Another Utility Bailout Should Leave Us Cold George Miller Sunday , December 31 , 2000 , 2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: OUR CURRENT energy problems are urgent and serious . But before the governor and the Public Utilities Commission cut yet another deal costing consumers billions of dollars , perhaps they should pause to ask the public what kind of system it wants and what it will end up with after investing billions more . Failure of energy deregulation could speed real deregulation that might benefit consumers with real capacity and real competition . But this will not happen if the focus is only on California utilities and their shareholders . The original deregulation deal was designed , as I see it , to keep competition out of California -- and to maximize the rates consumers would pay for every bad past business decision by PG&E and other California utilities . Similarly , current bailout discussions are about forcing California ratepayers to pay for the failed deregulation plan designed by the utilities themselves . Once again , the companies seek to maximize profits and socialize the losses . Following on the heels of California's deregulation , the state's utilities came to the congressional delegation and urged us to protect the plan from federal deregulation efforts . They argued that the deal they cut was good for all parties . Their executives repeated time and again that they might benefit from the plan's cap on consumer prices -- and that there was a risk to them if wholesale prices were to go up . This , they told us , is the marketplace . They were willing to absorb the risk . This was the brave new world of free markets . But markets are never free . From the beginning , this deregulation plan was designed to buy the California utilities time and advantage . Initially , consumers saw lower rates , but not as low as real competition might have provided when compared to the heavily sheltered market of the past five years . Now , because this rigged marketplace has failed , the utilities want again to put their hands into the ratepayers' pockets . At first , PG&E and Southern California Edison asked the Public Utilities Commission to have California consumers pay the entire cost of deregulation's risks . Their idea did not pass the smell or the laugh test . Now the utilities look for a way to repackage their old proposal , including a substantial rate increase . The rationale is that the utilities may collapse financially . This threat is supposed to inspire Gov . Gray Davis and the PUC to quickly put the ratepayer on the hook for the utilities' failures . During the past year , dozens of utilities have merged all across America . PG&E , for example , may not be worth much to its shareholders , but like AT&T , it may be worth something to its competitors . This is the genius of the American marketplace . PG&E shareholders bought the stock , assuming the risk . Why should the ratepayers be asked to insulate them from that risk ? During this past year , tens of billions of dollars of market capitalization were lost by various Silicon Valley high-tech firms . Their shareholders do not get the benefit of going to the PUC and getting a taxpayer bailout . The ratepayer has already paid for this energy under a contract that utilities struck with the people of the state of California . Any additional payment by the ratepayer is a financial bailout . Any prudent investor would ask what the return will be before handing over billions of dollars . The ratepayer deserves an answer , as well as some equity or other consideration . George Miller is a Democratic congressman from Martinez .
Thanks . I was literally just about to call the Portland desk . You saved me the trouble . Did they say whether they have any plans to cut PG&E off ( from gas sales ) in the near future ?
Thanks . Was aware of the power/gas split , but FYI , Chris Foster on the Portland desk is a great source of information--Midmarket electricity trader and a very straightforward guy .
It could certainly use some doctoring , but it's getting there . I'm now shifting my focus to the "informal advisory group" on procurement .
In office all week .
Lamentably , I worked all week--no vacation time . Thanks .
Thanks again for a truly fun New Year's . I had a great time , and it was fun spending it with you two . When I think of all that talent , together in one house---astounding ! Really fun . Thanks .
you're a regular laugh riot
Greetings: Attached is the draft . I've attempted to capture everyone's comments . The only piece that is not likely to go this evening is the piece providing comments on the Governor's specific proposals . That will likely go first thing tomorrow morning . You'll note that only one of the Governor's proposals currently has any comments attached to it . Comments on the Governor's proposals are appreciated . The remainder of the materials will go to the Governor's staff later this evening; so any and all comments on those portions are welcomed and appreciated . Thanks to all for the assistance , particularly in light of the holiday . Best , Jeff
are you not getting the stuff . is there another paul smith ?
I haven't forgotten the QF issues . Going to weave them into our comments on the Governor's proposals .
Thanks for the input .
Scott: Thanks very much for the comments . On the demand buy-down , I should have mentioned that I got a late call from the Gov's office asking for more detail on that proposal , which we'll likely forward along tomorrow morning , with the comments on the Gov's proposals . Will try to work the other comments in . Thanks again . Best , Jeff
let me know if you get it this time .
Thanks . I think it makes sense to take out the reference to 15% . It think the rest of it passes the "front page of the New York Times test," as the PR folks say . Thanks again for your help on this . Best , Jeff
Greetings Kari: Attached is follow-up information from the meeting that the Governor and you had with Ken Lay and Steve Kean last Thursday . Tomorrow morning I will email three additional pieces of information: Our specific comments on the proposals that the Governor raised at the meeting . More details on the "demand buy-down" concept . Information on Norway's version of the ISO , "Nord Pool." If there's anything you need , don't hesitate to contact me at 415.782.7822 . Happy New Year . Best , Jeff
At least there's some consistency in the world.... .
how's the memo coming ?
This is material that I received re: Nord Pool from Davies ( one of Schroeder's guys) . If you want to take a wack at putting together a few bullets on what Nord Pool is , how it differs from Cal model and why it's preferable , that would help me immensely and free me up to focus on 1 ) comments to Gov's proposal and 2 ) more detail on demand buy-down . That possible ? Let me know . Greatly appreciated . Best , Jeff
Joseph: please forward this to Scott Govenar and let him know that it's confidential and that some additional information will be going to the Govenor this morning , which I'll forward along when it's ready . Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
The Commission closed the hearings last night at 7 PM . The Commission refused all attempts by the utilities'--and there were several--to get information on "ending the rate freeze" into the hearing record . The Commission is attempting to get a draft decision out at 10 AM today ( PST) . If it gets out , there will be oral argument at 12:30 today ( PST) , with final decision issued tomorrow at the Commission's regularly scheduled business meeting . If it does not get out , there will be no oral argument , and the Commission will issue its final decision tomorrow at its regularly scheduled business meeting . Anything could happen but it appears at this point that the decision will only address the need for a rate increase ( rumors flyling furiously regarding how high the increase will be) , with "rate freeze" issues put off for another day in the near future . Yesterday , the Governor of California joined Edison's suit against FERC calling for region-wide , hard price caps .
FYI: From PUC Website: The California Public Utilities Commission intends to issue a proposed decision in A.00-11-038/A.00-11-056/A.00-10-028 ? by 11:00 AM ( PST ) today . The Proposed Decision will be e-mailed to the service list and published on the Commission's website (  simultaneously .
Here they are . Please review and provide comments quickly . I'd like to get this off to Kari ASAP . Thanks . Jeff
Final oral argument in A.00-11-038/A.00-11-056/A.00-10-028 is scheduled for 1:00 - 3:30 this afternoon in the Commission's auditorium at 505 Van Ness Avenue , San Francisco . ?  The Commission will broadcast the final oral argument via phone bridge at 877-918-3008 , password is 92105 .
I've had to spend a little time negotiating this AM with ENA and EES , but I'm confident that they'll be OK with this version .
Shooting to get you the balance of the info by noon . Glad to hear it's useful . Hang in there . Best , Jeff
Copy of order to follow . Here's a quick summary . Does not look great for the utilities . More to follow . one cent/kwh charge for all customers--equals 9% for rez , 7% for small biz , 12% for med commercial , 15% for large commercial and industrial only in place for 90 days Adopts TURN proposal for netting undercollection ( from rate freeze ) against overcollection ( for CTC ) Hearings begin next Wednesday ( 01.10.01 ) to begin address all remaining issues ( including whether rate freeze has ended and when ) and to set up a timetable to examine the results of the auditor's report
Here's a copy of the draft .
Thanks . Kari just wrote me an email expressing great appreciation for the materials . I told her that the rest will follow in the next hour . You're about to get from me the details on the buy-down proposal . I don't think that the bankers or the capital markets are going to swallow what Loretta Lynch issued today .
Will do . That glitch in his email address has truly been my nemesis throughout .
I apologize . I thought that had been taken care of . I'll take care of it .
If it's any indication , Edison was down 2.75 today . Not pretty .
you get the 5-year block numbers from Bob ? Hi Sue: A very happy new year to you . Mr Kean has had me underwater since last Thursday night , but I'll resurface tomorrow , at which time we can catch up on a number of things , including bills . But I wanted to forward along Steve's memo that we discussed just prior to Xmas . Hope you had a great holiday and that all is well . Best , Jeff
Greetings Kari: Forgive the delay . Much going on today , PUC draft decision in particular . The draft does not look promising for the utilities' financial position . Attached are our comments on the Governor's Proposals and some more detail on the demand-reduction proposal . We continue to work on the Nord Pool research for you and will turn that around as quickly as we can . Again , don't hesitate to contact me if there's anything else I can help with , or if there's anything else that you need . ( 415.782.7822 ) Best , Jeff
California Electricity Update
two questions: 1 ) are we having a staff meeting tomorrow ? 2 ) why the heck aren't you in the bonus meeting ?
I forwarded this to you so that you could have a chance to take a peek at it before forwarding along to the rest of the group . If you'd like me to forward it along to the larger group , just let me know . Jeff
FYI . When I sent Kari Dohn some additional materials today , I mentioned in passing that I thought the Commission's draft decision fell short . She responded by asking why . Attached is my response , and hers . Perhaps there's a glimmer of hope for the IOUs between now and tomorrow . Best , Jeff
Here's what we've delivered to Davis: Message points on the "big picture" Reasons that the Governor needs to broaden his information network ( i.e. , get better advice ) and a proposal for how to do it Comments on the Governor's proposals Detail on how to execute the "buy-down" proposal 7X24 , Peak and Off peak prices for 5-year blocks of power The only thing left to send is the Nord Pool material , which Jim Steffes is help me to gather for delivery tomorrow . Best , Jeff
Best of luck . You've got a tough job . Guess you'll be working that much harder now that John Stevens is on his way to San Francisco . At last week's meeting , a request was made for peak and off peak prices . I've attached prices that we filed yesterday at FERC as part of its on-going proceeding of forward contracts . Few comments: We'd appreciate it if you could keep the information confidential , particularly since the information is covered by FERC's confidentiality provisions . Since we are not a "generator," we buy and sell in the market , which as you know is currently very volatile . Consequently , the quotes that we provide customers change daily to reflect changing market prices . These prices were put together and filed yesterday , but you may have heard that prices were down today . So quotes we made today were lower . And quotes we makes tomorrow will reflect tomorrow's market conditions and will likely be different from today's . Because these quotes were assembled yesterday , they are only "indicative." That is , if someone wanted to buy these products today , we'd have to recalculate prices , because the quotes established yesterday are no longer valid ( for the reasons I mentioned above) . Hope this helps . If you have any questions , let me know . Best , Jeff
Attached are the final versions of confidential materials provided to the Governor's office . Best , Jeff
Hi Sue: Hope all is well in the land of forward contracts . Do we know who the speakers are ? Is Dave Parquet attending for us ? Thanks . Jeff Greetings: Well , hope your holiday was great , because I'm back with more questions . To change my direct deposit account , can I do that on line , or do I need to do it by other means ? Thanks , as always , and I hope you have a great 2001 . Best , Jeff
As you can imagine , the distribution list has almost reached the size of the entire company . If you folks could distribute materials to those in your group that need it , that would really help out a lot . Let me know if that works . Best , Jeff
This touches the issues you and I discussed yesterday . Seems important to have this sort of information flowing well in advance of the activity . Have you or anyone else had a chance to peek at what Sam intends to present to legislators ? The more the right is aware of the left hand , and vice versa , seems the better off we'll be . No big deal , but if we get our internal process in order at the outset , likely make it easier when the missiles really start flying . Your pal , Jeff
EES' receivables related to PX-credit payments that PG&E continues to withhold has grown dramatically EES is going to meet internally to re-visit the issue of putting customers back on utility service ( but honoring the financial terms of our contracts ) They will try to convene a meeting , as early as Tuesday to discuss the switch-back issue w/Steve , Mark , Blachman , Sunde , etc. , similar to the meeting held a couple of weeks ago Given the market's negative response to the Commission's decision , EES will immediately try to tie up bankruptcy counsel in anticipation of the fact that the utilities may be forced to file , which EES estimates will occur by end of next week , if it happens
Jennifer: I will unfortunately not be able to make the call because I have to be at the California PUC for the decision that they're issuing today . Harry Kingerski , in Houston , might be able to join , though .
The Commission voted out the order 5-0 , essentially as it appeared yesterday . Three key changes: They clarified that the surcharge applies to Direct Access customers ( but the entire "rate freeze" structure remains intact for now) . The Commission reversed itself and chose not to adopt TURN's "netting out" of gen revenues and CTC collections , and said instead that the Commission will consider it as an option in the next phase ( a move likely made in order to lower chances of a successful utility appeal) . The Commission added to the decision language saying that it will study the pros/cons of securitizating the utilities' power purchase costs . They will submit a report on the issue to the Governor and Legislature . On this last point , wire reports are rampant about the possibility that legislation will be introduced as early as today proposing to securitize the utilties' power purchase costs . This action has reportedly been the result of discussions that occured through the night between the governor's office , the utilities and the ratings agencies in reponse to the fact that the decision issued by the PUC falls well short of what's needed to keep the IOUs credit worthy and solvent . As a result of those wires stories , the utilities' stock has come back ( Edison was down as low as 6.25 and is currently at 10 7/8; PG&E was at 8 7/8 and is currently at 11 7/8) . We're working with Sandi McCubbin , who heads-up our legislative activities in California , to get more info and will report back . The hearing was dominated by highly charged anti-generator , anti-marketer rhetoric , which is likely to play a prominent role in the press accounts . Only FERC was demonized more . Each of the Commissioners , including the most recent "interim" appointee , made strong statements regarding the undesirability of utility bankruptcy . The Commission left open the possibility of "doing more" at their next meeting ( two weeks from today) , which means the negotiations with the utilities and ratings agencies are likely to continue . And if an agreement is reached , it could end up on the next agenda .
Yes , I'll get to Mike Day .
you're a goddess . thank you .
Vicki: Do we need to add the PX letter to the agenda for tomorrow's 10 AM call ? If so , make sense to have Bracewell ( Ron Carroll? ) and Mike Day on as well ? Jeff
Ron Carrol works at Bracewell and he handles a lot of our FERC-related PX and ISO activity , including tariff activity . Ron works for Dan Watkiss , who also handles a lot of that work for us . 
Man , you ain't kiddin' . Jeez.... .
Greetings , Kari . Today's installment includes: Background on Nord Pool Information on the status of de-regulation in Pennsylvania . The rumors regarding securitization of utilities' power purchase costs had a very positive effect on the utilities' stock today . Congratulations . Theris conflicting information floating around , though . Some wires stories say that a state senator will sponsor a securitizationbill . Others say that it will be the Governor's bill . Is securitizationlegislation something that the Governor intends to sponsor/support ? Though there are clearly some challenges to securitization , we think it offers a promising option . Hope the information is useful . Best , Jeff
I sent Kari Dohn some more information today--thanks , Jim , for the Pennsylvania info . In the note , I asked her if the rumors about securitization are true , and whether the Governor , indeed , intends to push it actively . I also mentioned that we viewed it as a very promising option , particularly if accompanied by significant concessions by the utilities . The response from Kari is very encouraging , and will hopefully help the utilities' credit position , though I heard PG&E was downgraded to junk by at least one credit agency today , but haven't confirmed it . Think it's prudent to keep Kari's info very close to the vest--here's Kari'her response: Jeff -- thank you so much for the information ! Re: securitization , I don't think the exact form has been decided in terms of legislation , but its fair to say there are very active discussions at the highest level regarding the best way to do this ( with good support , between us , it appears) . All major parties will need to be supportive .
I hear you . Feels like I haven't slept for about a week . Congratulations--securitization would be an extremely constructive outcome . If there's anything at all that we can do to help , please don't hesitate to ask . ( Since folks view us as , well , somewhat controversial , we continue to try to do productive things away from the spot light. ) Talk to you soon . Best , Jeff
Hmmm , sounds like the pressure's getting to Mike a bit . A vacation might help . I think you're entitled to continue on , if that's your decision . You may not have the attendance you prefer , but I don't oppose moving the Gas Accord talks forward . Jeff
Greetings: Thanks for all the help with information . Here's what we've sent to the Governor . Best , Jeff
You ain't kiddin' .
Mike: This should offer a guide to developing legislation that narrows PUC review of utility purchases to approval of the competitive solicitation used by the utility to procure the contracts . We have consistently argued against being prescriptive ( i.e. , the contracts should be of 3 years long , less than $60/MWH , etc. )
Thanks . I'll touch base withJulee at IEP .
Thanks , Harry . I want to re-enforce the switching issue , since EES is likely to be very focused on moving customers back to the utility on Tuesday . Switching would certainly reduce EES' going-forward exposure to 1 ) growing "credit receivables" that the utilities refuse to pay and 2 ) the risk that the Commission will end the rate freeze altogether---and the PX credit with it--as part of the hearing process that commences with the pre-hearing conference on Wednesday . Reducing that exposure is clealry important to EES . But the utilities' ability to resist taking back customers is likely to be significant , particularly since 90% of the volumes that we serve are on Enron meters . Imagine the road blocks that the utility can/will construct over the "complex process" of changing-out the meters . In addition , when CA border gas prices spiked several weeks ago , many large gas customers tried to switch from noncore to core service on SoCalGas' system . SoCalGas submitted an emergency motion at the Commission to prevent the switching and the Commission granted it in the wink of an eye . It will be important for EES to drill down fairly deeply in its analysis of all the ways that the utility can frustrate any switching . Otherwise , we may find ourselves confronting a lot of negative PR without having reduced any of EES' exposure . Customers who have been unwillingly switched back to the utility have become very vocal about their displeasure and have turned negative on ESPs as a result . Best , Jeff
Greetings and Happy New Year to you both . Eve: Has the sub-group met since things were put on hold a few weeks ago ? If so , I'm very interested in hearing about what's going on . If the group is going to meet between now and the 16th , I'm also very interested in participating in those meetings . Delaney , I'll be attending the meeting on the 16th . The Angelides proposal has certainly spiced things up--just what we need , more David Freeman...... . Best to you and yours in the New Year . Jeff "Delaney Hunter" Please respond to dhunter
Sounds like a good idea .
It might be a good idea to have a conference call to discuss the state treasurer's proposal released last Friday . A summary is attached . If folks agree that a call would be useful , does Noon PST ( on Monday ) work ? Best , Jeff
FYI . More info to follow . I'll give you a ring ( tomorrow) . Best , Jeff Thanks again . Apologies for bothering you over the weekend . Best , Jeff Please respond to stevebowen cc: Subject: CPUC affiliate entity jurisdiction PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL ATTORNEY-CLIENT COMMUNICATION Jeff , Per your request , I am writing a brief note to follow up on our telephone conversation today . As we discussed , Enron plans to change the structure of Enron Telecommunications , Inc . from a regular C corporation to an LLC . As we discussed previously , this change in structure will require the approval of the California Public Utilities Commission , because it is a change of control under the definitions of the Public Utilities Code . You indicated that someone inside Enron was concerned that , during the course of the CPUC,s review of the request for transfer of control , the CPUC could get access to the books and tax returns of ETI,s parent EBS or other Enron entities , which Enron would find unattractive . You asked me to discuss whether this was possible . At a general level , the CPUC in the past has asserted jurisdiction over entities affiliated with entities regulated by the CPUC . Depending on the facts at hand , a variety of provisions in the PU Code grant this jurisdiction . However , the CPUC rarely uses its jurisdiction to look into the books and tax returns of an affiliate of a nondominant telecommunications carrier , unless the affiliate is the entity seeking to acquire control of the carrier . For nondominant telecommunications carriers , the Commission applies a fairly light regulatory touch , because such carriers have no market power . You should also be aware that there are other provisions in the PU Code that protect carrier's financial information from public disclosure . Thus , although it is possible that the Commission would seek to review the books and/or tax returns of EBS or another Enron entity in connection with the change to an LLC , it is unlikely . ETI is a nondominant carrier , and there is no real change in the ownership of ETI , because EBS will still be ETI,s owner ( i.e. , EBS will own an LLC , rather than a C corporation) , nor is there any change in the management personnel of ETI . The one wild card is that Enron's name is quite well known to the Commission because of Enron's presence in the energy market . While this logically and legally should make no difference , it could conceivably trigger increased Commission scrutiny of the transfer of control . Please let me know if you need more information or want to discuss further .
FYI . It's been reported that the legislative committee intends to subpoena generators and marketers to testify before the committe , though nothing in this press release mentions any subpoenas . Jeff
Attached are my updates to Steve's backgrounder and solutions documents . I've also attached ( for Rick ) the summary of the CA State Treasurer's proposal . Best , Jeff
FYI . See comments on keeping the utilities out of bankruptcy and timing . Jeff
You've got my vote .
FYI . Today Craig Barrett , CEO of Intel , publicly opposed the "state takeover" plan released by California's Treasurer last Friday , saying , "I'm not a great fan of government getting involved in the private sector , especially delivering a key commodity to the private sector." ( SF Chronicle , 01.09.01 ) Might be a good opportunity to try in earnest to enlist Silicon Valley in our efforts to get California moving in the right direction , despite itself . Barrett said the answer is easing siting rules in order to get more power on line sooner and blamed officials who've opposed power plants for seriously exacerbating the problems in California . Because of CA' power woes , Barrett said that he'd build new facilities anywhere but in California . Jeff
Thanks , Ginger . I'll be on the call . Rick , if your schedule permits , could you participate in the first five-ten minutes of the daily EES call ( 10 AM CST ) to give those folks a brief snapshot of what happened ? If so the call-in number is 800.713.8600 , code Alternatively , since I'll be on the call anyway , you can leave me a voicemail , or call me at 707.884.4608 , and I can relay those points that you feel are most important to communicate . Best , Jeff
Thanks , Sandi . Are the R's generally on-board with Davis' approach , or do they intend to offer their own proposals ( understanding that they are greatly outnumbered in both houses) . I'm hearing that it's a mixed bag . Best , Jeff
I'll do my darnedest . Is Jan handling this poorly or well ?
Thanks , Mike . About the best we can hope for at this point and consistent with our approach . Would be very beneficial if we could ride as much as possible in TURN's public wake , and continue to "advise" them and work with others behind the scenes .
Hey buddy . I know that you're up in Sacramento and have a much better lay of the land than I , but this looks a like a sure fire set up for "the man for all seasons" to make an appearance before the legislature . I have deep concerns about us sticking our necks out at these hearings . Again , have much better info , but by all accounts , "witch hunt" seems to be the operative term for the hearings . We are doing very well for ourselves working behind the scenes and the risks to us of having someone at a public leg hearing , with all the cameras , and all the politicians feeling the primordial urge to grandstand are very high . Let's please discuss this one long and hard before making an decision . I'll be in Sac on the 16th for an AB 1890 Group meeting and plan to attend the hearing . Your pal , Jeff
Thanks , Julee . Sounds like a good idea . Could you please forward me the call-in for the call ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
Thanks . Any way to observe remotely ? CSPAN ? Telephone ? Internet ? From a cafe in Paris ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
Harry , I'll be on the call and I'll call you beforehand . Mike Day has every financial incentive for us to have a witness , and I'm still struggling to find the value . As for the "save the planet" crew....I'm as concerned as you are . I'll try to make sure that Kaufman's on ( who's a lawyer and is considerably more to our thinking than to Mike's , Roger's or Stoness' . Best , Jeff
Sorry to hear that it was cancelled . Thank you for keeping me in the loop . Quite a way to start the new year... . Best , Jeff
PG&E is saying publicly ( and the news is reporting ) that PG&E has $500 million in cash , and it's payables are $583 M .
Don't mean to keep the chain of emails going , but given the cameras and the grand-standing politicians ( who seem to have an abundance of rhetoric and capacity for scape-goating , and a paucity of constructive solutions or the will necessary to do what needs to be done) , seems worth considering the pros and cons of throwing anyone in front of any legislative committees . We may decide that the pros outweigh the cons and that there's discernable value having our outside counsel speak to the issues of supply and demand in California and the West , but seems worth spending 5 or 10 minutes on . Best , Jeff
Scott: Could you please see that Sandi gets this ? Thanks . If folks would like to get Sandi information ( e.g. , the load curtailment proposal discussed by Gary yesterday) , please send to Scott , who's with our lobbying firm in Sacramento . Sandi , Scott ( Stoness ) would like to discuss this proposal on tomorrow's ( Friday's ) 8:00 AM conference call . Thank you . Best , Jeff
Thanks , Karen . And please thank Marathon for the info . If this holds true , sounds like Burton plans to make things pretty messy .
also , diablo is also running ( reportedly ) at about 10% of capacity due to rough seas and difficulties that causes for cooling .
Not the retained assets case---Wood wants to cap prices to QFs . Jeanne , could you try to get any information you can from PUC staff on how they intend to handle PG&E's advice letter re: "we've stopped selling power from out retained assets into the PX?" ( I'm assuming that the PUC would be sympathetic , since it should immediately lower the utility's bill for power? ) Thanks very much , Jeff
The playboy mansion ?
Greetings Mark: Any interest ? Best , Jeff
Yes , the utilities can pass through the gas costs . They face an "incentive ratemaking mechanism" that includes a "market benchmarket" that they must meet or beat . The benchmark's a composite of spot indeces . So as long as they buy spot , they can meet the benchmark and pass everything through . ( Ill-conceived procurement incentive , particularly in these days when prices are going north , but at least there's no price cap creating gas undercollections like there is on the electric side. ) If you need anything else , just holler . Jeff
Sort of a single-minded focus .
Harry: Tamara Johnson left me a voicemail stating that 1 ) she phoned Bob Weisenmiller requesting that he be our witness 2 ) there was disagreement internally about whether Enron should have testimony 3 ) she nonetheless wanted to try to make sure Bob was available and 4 ) she would call Bob back to discuss further on Tuesday . Not sure that this is the best way to run a railroad . As you mentioned , it's quite inefficient to have EES folks contacting our lawyers and reg consultants directly . I did not respond to Tamara's message--thought it would be better to pass along info to you . We can discuss further on Tuesday . Best , Jeff
FYI . Report from California's IPP trade association .
Of course , I'd love to hear that I made if off the waiting list . Could it be true ? Could you let me know . Thanks . Best , Jeff
Mike: Could you please forward a copy of the document listed below to Ms Cantrell ? Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
Greetings: See attached "meeting notice." This could be a good opportunity to get our demand-side proposal on the table . Dennis: If we could get some power point slides together , we could present our ideas to this group and the leg aides mentioned . Let me know your thoughts . Also attached is a summary of the bill that the CA Assembly passed today . Please pass this along to others who might be interested . Thanks . Jeff
likely to go up , but whether it goes up by enough is unclear . They've got a very long way to go if they hope to keep the IOUs from filing Chapter 11 .
i'll give you a call today .
you're alive . thank god . i was wondering . be great if you would call some time so that we could guffaw about all of this . it is rich . very rich . 415.782.7822 . hope that you and yours are well . that should have listened to us . ( hee hee ) best ,
I agree with Harry . In particular , we'll need to make Richard Sanders and ENA's outside counsel are aware . I have been concerned , and continued to be concerned about , the implications of being in the case , understanding that our interests--and the stakes--are very high . Continues to seem important that we be in , but we'll need to discuss further , and make sure that Jim and ENA's attorney's are in the loop . Best , Jeff
Was that you ? I looked at it and thought , "oh , well , they fucked up." That's hilarious . Were you at Tom's ? Dude , I'm very sorry about the check for the banjo . I spaced it . I'll have it to you as soon as I get back into town . Apologies .
Someone from Parquet's group is very likely to be there . Government Affairs hadn't planned to intend . I can give Parquet a call and find out and make sure that there's good coordination with Transwestern . Or TW can call him directly . Just let me know . Best , Jeff
Dean Tyson: It was a pleasure to see you again today . Phil , it was a pleasure to meet yand I look forward to working together . Since time is of the essence , I wanted to summarize where we left off at today,s meeting regarding Califs energy crisis . That summary is attached . I've also attached three articles from the business section of today's Chronicle that arguably bolster our arguments for adopting the approach that we discussed at today's meetin Given the fact that the legislative process is moving rapidly , bankruptcy is a daily threat , and Dean Tyson will be attending the meetings in Davos , itappears that our window of opportunity is very small . It seems that succesrequires a meeting of the principals by the end of the week , if not sooner.The chances of success are obviously limited , but I think that we agreed that all concerned have nothing to lose and everything to gain by taking a shot.Your offer to help in the effort obviously increases the likelihood of success and is greatly appreciated . My apologies in advance if I have mischaracterized any of the points made athe meeting . It represents a &first cut,8 it will undoubtedly change as the details get worked out , and I,m sure I,ve missed something . So pleashesitate to edit the draft . Please keep in mind that I have not had a chance to discuss this proposalinternally . As such , I can,t yet commit Enron to the specifics of theproposal . But I,m confident that the company can support something akin to this structure and can let you and Phil know first thing Monday . In addition , given the political environment in California , Enron has playea constructive role by providing low-key , behind the scenes advice and analysis to policy makers . That approach seems preferable in this effort awell . Finally , Dean Tyson , I mentioned that Linda Robertson heads-up our Washington D.C . office . If she can help in any way , please don,t hesitate to let mknow . Both of you should feel free to call me at home over the weekend todiscuss things further . My home phone is 415.621.8317 . Best , Jeff
I'm greatly indebted . Thank you .
Thanks . Was in Sacramento all week watching the machinations . I'll give you a call this week . Best to you and yours . Jeff
Yes , we can . Others are considering doing the same . Let's discuss on Monday .
will do .
Leslie , if it's at all possible for you to assist by coordinating with Mike Day and his office , that would be immensely helpful . If not , no worries . Just let me know . Best , Jeff Thoughts ?
I really apologize , but is there any way you could talk to Keith ?
Ain't talked to him . His number is 415.765.8408 . Thanks so much .
Dean Tyson: Attached is the proposal . Your comments are welcome and appreciated . I'd be happy to input any that you might have prior to forwading to Secretary Summers . Phil and I will have a list of potential contacts from the business community to review in the next couple of hours . If you need anything , don't hesitate to contact me . Perhaps you and Phil and I could touch base later today or this evening to talk about next steps . Thanks again for your efforts . Best , Jeff pager: 888.916.7184
Few things: Linda: Thanks very much for the call and the help.Tyson is calling John Doer ( sp? ) to try to get him in the loop . And she agreed to send the proposal to Summers today . Proposal to follow . I'm working with a guy named Phil Verleger ( MIT economist type who worked in Ford and Carter) , who I met at the meeting on Saturday , to come up with a list of individuals with Democratic , contributor , business community credientials that can be contacted to seek support for the proposal . Any suggested contacts that folks have would be helpful . John Nesslage ( who works for Jim ) is running some numbers to get an idea of the size of rate increases required to pay back the loans under a 10-year term structure The UC Berkeley econ/biz school faculty members I met with on Saturday want to issue a press release stating there view on "what not to do" ( i.e. , don't have the state take over anything , period) . They want to give us a copy to review for comments/edits before they issue it . I should be getting tonite or first thing in the AM tomorrow . May not go anywhere , but I told them that I'd be happy to review it . Jeff
you alive ?
In office all week .
go ahead and copy from this and give it a go . you will get a few returns , but the rest should go . if it completely crashes on you , let me know . and thanks for the summaries and updates . please keep them coming . what's your cell phone #?best , jeff
what time ?
David: Great start . My biggest comment: needs to be shorter ( thank the attention span of the press and the political process for that) . I talked to Phil . He's got an editor that he works with who can help . I recommend that we have the editor try to boil it down to an "editorial" size piece . Thoughts ? Best , Jeff
Tyson has gotten a call-back from the governor's office . She's going to call him back shortly to try to sell him on the plan ( i.e. , private sector to the rescue ) and ensure that he'll come to the party . She'll call me back as soon as she talks to him . Curious--do we have any sense of whether there's much activity within the adminstration on this , or can we expect the wait and see approach to continue ? Best , Jeff
Thanks . FYI: Tyson will also be at Davos . Suggested list of business leaders to try to bring on board to follow .
Though I didn't have a problem with the course agenda , I'm comfortable with the alternative .
great idea .
Leslie: Jeff and Susan might be able to help with the pipeline charges . Susan: I'm not ignoring you . Of course I'll come . Give me a call and let's figure out a date for me to address your illustrious group . Jeff: How's married life treating you . Leslie: Sorry for all the extraneous babbling . Best , Jeff
Greetings Chris and Jeff: I'd love to , but unfortunately I'll be in New York from Sunday through Tuesday . Sue , can you handle ? Best , Jeff
the 14th and the 14th ( seriously , sorry---that work) !
Is there any migration risk , i.e. , can customers choose in Connecticutt ? That will be one of the first questions .
I forgot Bank of America: Hugh L . McColl , Jr. , Chairman and CEO
John Nesslage have any luck coming up with what sort of $/kwh we'd be looking at with a private sector bailout ?
Here's the suggested list of business leaders to try to bring into the deal . All comments are welcome and appreciated . Best , Jeff
Here's the list . Comments ?
I'm going to go ahead and send it to her .
Michael Tribolet: In response to your question , yes , Edison did file in federal district court in L.A . The filing asks the judge to force the CPUC to 1 ) declare that the rate free is over and 2 ) raise rates to compensate Edison for its undercollections . ( Recall that this filing comes on the heels of the court agreeing to hear Edison's case asserting that the CPUC must let Edison pass through the power purchase costs to customers. ) The filing is apparently very large . The lawyers at the CPUC have a copy but said that it's much too large to make a copy and aren't willing to give it to us to make a copy for ourselves . Question to the lawyers: Do we have contacts in L.A . that can go to the courthouse and get a copy of the filing for us ? Probably a good idea to have that filing passed around to this distribution list . Best , Jeff
Mary Beth: Thanks very much for passing these along to Laura Tyson . There are two documents . One is a word file with a suggested list of business leaders that we might bring into the discussions . Please let the Dean know that it's a first cut and that all comments , suggestions , edits , etc . to the document are welcome and appreciated . The second is a pdf file from Credit Suisse First Boston giving CSFB's analysis of what's going on in California . I think it provides further proof that California is still looking for , and ought to be very receptive to , a proposal like the one that we're working on . Could you let me know that you've received this ? Thanks again . Best , Jeff
This looks like a job for Dave and/or Sam . "Katie Kaplan" Please respond to kaplan
You're a star . I'll let you know . Best , Jeff
P.S . Please let Marathon know that the information they're providing is both greatly appreciated and highly valued and we hope that they can continue to poke around and fill us in on what they hear . Great having multiple data points . Best , Jeff
Dear Gang: I don't know about you folks , but I woke up to over 100 emails from Telecom Reports today . It seems to border on spam at this point . Is anyone else having this experience ? The info is very valuable , but I'm wondering if there's a way to get , say , 3 emails a day rather than the 50 or more I'm currently receiving . Wondering if the lights will stay on today , Jeff
Are we talking 10 hours worth of work for this pleading ? If so , then $2500 seems good .
in the attempt to delete the millions of emails i've received from Telecom Reports , i deleted your Western Gov update before reading it . could you resend ? your pal ,
will do . thought that you were already on .
It's fun and games every day ( can't wait to catch up---you will howl ( or cry , not sure which)) . Miss you guys terribly . Don't throw me out of the club for being AWOL , please . Hope to see you soon . Best , Jeff
most indebted .
let's talk about these notes prior to your drafting . please give me a call .
Mary Beth: For what it's worth , I've read this , and if Laura Tyson or Larry Summers sign it , I have serious concerns about the effect it would have on their ability to play the role that we envision in moving our proposal forward ( understanding that our odds of success are somewhat meager) . While I don't disagree with the language , it is strong and therefore very likely to make the Governor and his staff very uncomfortable . I would recommend that they do not sign . Best , Jeff
I don't envy your position . At some point , the document must be finished and folks need to determine whether they'll sign or not . I greatly admire Rich Gilbert , but his comments ( re: regulatory intervention is a good thing , and now this one ) will surely create considerably controversy and could greatly upset the apple cart altogether . Best of luck , Jeff Talked to Tyson . She's really working it , which is great , and I continue to focus my efforts there . My company is squarely behind her efforts . Thanks again for organizing the meeting last weekend .
Haven't received anything . Sounds like we all agree that it would be a good idea to do it . I'll write the prof an email and ask him to email us the file . My preference ( in order to actually learn something--i'm sort of thick ) is to work on these jointly rather than have one person do it each week , but i'm willing to discuss . others have views on how we ought to write 'em up ? Best , Jeff
Prof . Bajaj . Our understanding is that we'll need the electronic file you talked about on Monday in order to do the first ( optional ) case ( re: helpful questions and spreadsheets) . But we haven't received the file yet . Could you possibly forward it to us ? We're leaning strongly toward writing the first case up and turning it in and are anxious to get started . Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
Tyson has had conversations with the Governor's office . The Governor's office wants more information about what the meeting would "look like"/attendees , and has said that the idea sounds like one worth pursuing ( but as we know , talk is very cheap with this Governor) . In response , Tyson and her very able helper are taking the 1.5-pager that I sent around and modifying it to describe the meeting optics/logistics/attendee attributes , etc . They will forward it to me as soon as they've got it drafted . Tyson hopes the document will seal the deal on the Governor's participation . In the meantime , Tyson is trading calls with Doer and trying to line up other business face cards to assist in getting the business community to the table . Any help/suggestions we can offer gathering up business folks would be useful , but seems that Tyson's going to have to carry that water . Tyson said based on her conversations with Summers , he's squarely on board .
The way we handled it last time was 1 ) have a quick chat about it , 2 ) split up the pieces , 3 ) once written , pass around the pieces to see if anyone has any strong feelings about what folks had pulled together , and then , for each case , 4 ) designate one person as the "assembler" of the pieces . ( We designated who would be responsible for which cases at the beginning of the semester. ) And yes , all by email ( save for , say , the preliminary chat) . It worked well . But I'm flexible , if folks want to try another angle . Best , Jeff
Took Kahn's place , who's now on the ISO Governing Board .
couldn't get thru on Hoffman's cell # . Left voice mail for Thomas . will let you know as soon as anything happens .
Nice job . Thanks .
Greetings Mary Beth: I'm touching base to see how progress is coming on the document that's being prepared for the Governor's office . Best , Jeff
Sorry to hear that . I'll give you a call in the morning . Best , Jeff
Scott: Thanks . These summaries are extremely well done and highly valued within the company . Thanks for the great work . Best , Jeff
we know anything about this ?
Hi Cindy: Mark asked me to give you these to fax to Mark at the Four Seasons . Three things: Berkeley Academics "Manifesto"--very confidential My preliminary doodlings for a talk I'm giving at an EXNET conference in New York on Monday A one page "backgrounder" that Jim and I put together for the Bush transition team . Thanks a million . Jeff
Yes . Mike Day: please make sure that Mike and Bob are in the loop on any and all filings . Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
could you please fax this text to steve and mark ? thanks a million . jeff
The speaker introduced a bill that would: Order the CA PUC to establish a "rate component" to permit the utilities to recover its "net undercollected amount" over a period of ten years . ( Sounds like there may be a haircut in there somewhere. ) Authorize the State Water Dept . to purchase power on behalf of utilities and munis . Order the CA PUC to create a separate rate component to cover the Dept.'s cost of purchasing the power . Authorize the Treasurer to issue debt , backed by ratepayers , to cover any difference between the price the Water Dept . buys the power for and the price that can be collected from ratepayers under the rate freeze . Authorizes the State Director of Finance to "accept on behalf of the state any tangible asset of an electrical corporation." ( Presumably the state is looking to get something from the IOUs ( say , the hydro assets ) in exchange for giving the utility it's "net undercollected amount." The bill is long and haven't yet had a chance to review it in detail . We're faxing the bill . The bill will be controversial and it is unclear who in the Legislature has bought into it , though the Governor signaled his general support for this sort of approach in a press conference last night announcing the results of the power auction . The Assembly is scheduled to have a hearing on the bill later today . Will pass on more info as we get it . Jeff
Could you please make sure that everyone in the office has this call-in number . It's a daily call to discuss California's electricity crisis . Thanks very much . call-in: 800.998.2462 code: 4912753
I'll be in NY/D.C . I'm willing to do by phone . Thanks .
We'll have an internal call to discuss this prior to launching any missiles . Jeanne , please have Mike give me a call to discuss . Thanks . Jeff
yep .
Joseph: Please contact these folks and remind them that 1 ) i'm not a lobbyist , 2 ) i'm not registered as a lobbyist , and 3 ) i don't qualify as a lobbyist . thanks a million . Jeff
David: Accusing market participants of "gaming," "strategic behavoir," "market manipulation," and the like will be extremely controversial , and , I believe , unconstructive . As you may or may not know , much of the criticism was placed on the utilities strategic bidding on the demand side , which many "economists" and "consultants" seem quite willing and able to conveniently ignore . Jeff
yes .
I'll put my mind to it ( what's left of it) .
Tomorrow morning ( Saturday) , I'll take a whack at building on what Mark's done and distribute to everyone . FYI , I'm in New York on Monday so won't be in class . Best , Jeff
I've still got considerable work to do , but wanted to make sure all had a chance to review and comment well in advance of finalizing . I'm giving a talk at Exnet on Monday about California . Attached is a draft of the slides . All comments welcome and appreciated . I'm continuing to work on it . Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
One of the things that came out of the meeting I was at on Saturday with the UC economists ( including Tyson and Yellen ) was a "manifesto" that they published today ( I'll have the final to distribute soon) . They're having a press conference in about 10 minutes at Berkeley . In anticipation , they're quoted in a story in today's LA Times ( that features Greenspan's comments ) and they focus their quotes on the need to raise rates . Most of these folks in the group , lamentably , earn their living by consulting for incumbents , but there message here should be helpful , and there are a few "right-minded" economists in the bunch . ( I managed to get Dr . Michaels in the group , who was a great voice of reason in the debate over what to say in the manifesto. ) It wasn't appropriate for me to play a visible role in the design of the manifesto , though I attempted to offer some behind the scenes suggestions . Jeff
Apologies . I can't keep track of all the distribution lists . Please let me know if you think that this will be helpful in your neck of the woods . Rick relayed Summers comments re: Tyson . Best , Jeff P.S . I'm forwarding to David Lugar
FYI . Please let me know if you receive .
Dan: How's things ? Happy New Year . Hope all's well with you and yours . Could you please copy us on the UI details ? They will be very useful in what we're up to out here in electricity Disneyland . Thanks a bunch . Best , Jeff
Oh , please do fax . 415.782.7854 . And we need some more details ( in addition to what Jim did ) if possible . thanks .
i'll be there .
Thank you SO much . Have a great weekend .
FYI .
One note: recall that with respect to market manipulation , one of the most common accusations focused on the problems caused by the PX manipulation the utilities engaged in thanks to their monopsony ( demand-side bidding ) market power . Jeff
please send me my login and password so that i can get into the system . also , please be sure that my account includes E234 and E222 . Thank you .
I'm taking Dylan's and Mark's stuff , adding a bit , and putting it into memo format . As I recall in class , he doesn't expect or want us to turn in answers to questions , per se , just a 4-page ( or so ) memo . I have that right ? I'll circulate the memo later today , or first thing tomorrow in the AM . Best , Jeff
Thanks , Sandi . This tracks very well with my chat with Barbara . Barbara's charcterization of "irrelevant" arguably makes sense from a customer's perspective , but it's very relevant to us , though I didn't give Barbara the details of why it's so important for us---just explained that some of our customers , given their contracts with us , would get hurt . Seems that the important take away is that 1 ) they are actively negotiating the "end" of the rate freeze , 2 ) customers get hurt from a retroactive "end" and 3 ) one "freeze" will the replaced with another , that is , prices will continue to be capped going forward ( despite the "end" of the rate freeze) . Seems that the critical issue is whether the rate freeze "ends" next month , or next year , which is something that we're going to want to follow very closely . Do we have any information on where the negotiations between customers and the utilities ended up this weekend ? Best , Jeff
OK . Jimmie and I duplicated effort just a bit . Attached is the memo and the spreadsheet . Note that in the memo , we have a dispute about whether $750k is adequate . Therefore , I've left questions 4 and 5 attached to the memo for you folks to reconcile ( if they take advantage of discounts and get A/R and inventory rates back in line with '93 rates , is $750 enough?) . Also , I've included a common-size income statement in exhibit 1 , a cash flow statement in exhibit 2 , and I , too , completed exhibit 3 . We may want to clean up some of the calculations in the spreadsheet , given that we'll likely need to turn them in as attachments . Hope this helps . I'd do more , but I'm off for the airport and New York--won't be in class tomorrow . Best , Jeff
Thanks . Talk to you on the 8:30 call tomorrow . Best , Jeff
i'll give you a call . i'm in new york today . best , To: Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron@Enron cc: Subject: Re: Rate Surcharge Proceedings Move Forward Jeff - we'll have to make it a priority today to come to a conclusion on thscope of our testimony . Let me know your schedule . thanks . Sent by: Jeff Dasovich on Sandra McCubbin/NA/Enron@Enron , Richard Shapiro/NA/Enron@Enron , Susan J cc: Subject: Rate Surcharge Proceedings Move Forward
Sorry . I figured Sandi would have included it . Why would I have figured that ?
Greetings Professor . Regrettably , I'm on travel in New York City today and can't make it to class this evening . I don't anticipate having to miss any other classes this semester . Regards , Jeff
I've left messages describing our idea with TURN and the large cogenerators/marketers/producers , and I've spoken with the Farm Bureau and the California Manufacturers Association . The Bureau and CMA agree with our idea and I've asked them to "pass the word along" to other customer groups and to try to ensure that its an integral part of the negotiations . I'll be calling other customer groups and will report back on those conversations . Best , Jeff
Thanks . No apologies necessary . I'm in NYC , but will try to call you tocatch up . When does the Dean get back from Davos ? Have you heard any fallout from the "manifesto?" I'm conerned that Davis & Co . will be agitatby it . Thanks a million for all your efforts . Best , Jeff cc: Subject: Re: Final Version-Manifesto Dear Jeff: Sorry I didn't get back to you last week . I was sick on Thursday and Friday and only dealt with a couple of things . Unfortunately , not much to report . Letter sent to Governor's office . Not even a courtesy call in return . I spoke with Lynn Schenk on Thursday . She told me point blank that the Governor and his staff had already solved the energy crisis and that it was too late to convene a meeting such as LDT was suggesting . Please DO NOT pass on this informationto anyone else in the "Berkeley group." We'll probably try to reach Schenk again today . Marybeth On Wed , 24 Jan 2001 Jeff.Dasovich@enron.com wrote:
Those arrangements have been made . Thank you and see you next week . Best , Jeff
FYI . Teece is the economist at Berkeley who acted as the ringleader for the "manifesto."
I'm fine and agree that it's more about the reasoning than the right answer . I don't feel strongly about the recommendation , just wanted to throw out something for folks to shoot at and to highlight that A/R and inventory turnover is big problem . ( Though without A/R and inventory turnover convenants , I don't know if I'd do the deal. ) Thanks for doing the finishing touches . Best , Jeff
Greetings: I'm in the group ( and traveling on the East Coast , returning late tonite) . I can do a conference all today if folks would like . Otherwise , I'll be working on it on the plane back tonite and will distribute when I get home or first thing in the AM . Best , Jeff
Congratulations . Glad to hear all went well ( save the emergency C-section) . See you soon . Best , Jeff
will do .
YES !
My proposed edits to Harry's excellent first cut . They're quick and dirty . My apologies . Best , Jeff
looks like email address for you was wrong . got returned .
PLEASE DO NOT DISTRIBUTE . I haven't read this yet , so I don't know if it's good bad or indifferent . McFadden is one of the Manifesto signers and a Nobel Laureate . If folks have comments , please forward them along and I will get them into the mix . Thanks a bunch . Best , Jeff
Thanks very much , Jeanne .
Yes , but there's a commitment to reverse it in another bill ( AB 27X ) thatDebra Bowen is carrying . There is a helluvalot of uproar about that languain the bill and just about everyone is united to fix it . Keep your fingerscrossed , and we'll keep you posted . Best , Jeff To: Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron@Enron , Eric Letke/DUB/EES@EES , George cc: Subject: DA in PG&E and SCE ? Is this statement correct ? Another flea on this legislation is the suspension of new direct access customers during the time that DWR is procuring energy. ? The bill states , "the right of retail end use customers (  to acquire service from other providers shall be suspended until the department no longer supplies powerhereunder." ? Voila. ? Not only do we get a rate increase , but our ability tochoose an alternative energy supplier is hereby waived. ? I would think theaverage Californian would be outraged by that dictate. ? Of course , most Californians didn't know that they had a choice. ? Therefore , the legislatiomade a grand leap forward by lowering our opportunity set to be in line witexpectations . I wonder what the Legislature will do next week ?
On Friday , I attended a meeting with Ken Lay and Karen Denne that Mike Peevand David Freeman requested . Mike Peevey was President of Southern California Edison before founding NEV ( which he eventually sold to AES) . Freeman is General Manager of LADWP . The Governor hired Peevey to be his chief energy advisor . Freeman is theGovernor,s chief negotiator responsible for signing power contracts on bof DWR now that the Legislature has passed AB1X and the Governor has signedit . John Burton , the leader of the State Senate , is responsible for gettinthe Freeman the job of chief negotiator , but Peevey was clearly in charge . Also at the meeting was Vikram Budraja , former SVP of power systems and planning for Edison . He,s now a private consultant that Freeman hired thelp him with the contract negotiations . Peevey asked for the meeting to urge Enron to respond to DWR,s RFP issued on Friday . Peevey/Freeman want to announce a package of deals on Tuesday . Thimplied that they,ve already got some deals done and expect to have 8+ dto announce on Tuesday , though they gave no details other than to say thatthey,ve got a deal with Calpine ( as reported in the press) . Their plan is to announce on Tuesday the names of the suppliers they,ve signed with , the total number of megawatts signed , and the average price per MW . They are concernthat the media will want them to make public the details of each individualdeal , which for obvious reasons they don,t want to do . Peevey and Freeman also said that they don,t want to sign too many long-term contracts though they recognize that there,s a trade-off between term anprice . Ken Lay told them that Enron would respond . ENA is preparing a response . He also told them that EES was working on a plan to reduce demand at our customers , facilities and that the plan would be completed and ready forimplementation very soon . I,ve summarized the points that Ken Lay made and the responses from Peevand Freeman: It would be difficult to enter into contracts without some assurance that Dis creditworthy . Response from Peevey/Freeman: AB1X provides DWR the funds necessary*beginning on Friday , Feb 1st*topurchase the power necessary to fill the utilities , short position . Ken Lay pressed them on this point and Peevey insisted that AB1X provides the fundsneeded to pay suppliers . The RFP should give suppliers maximum flexibility in coming up with proposals . Response from Peevey/Freeman: Be as creative as possible . All offers will be considered ( despite the language contained in the RFP) . The only customers who have been protected from California,s failed restructuring law are customers who chose another provider under Direct Access . In addition , one of the quickest ways to help solve California,shortage is to work with customers to reduce demand and develop on-site generation . Taking away Direct Access and access to customers generally*as AB1X does*is therefore a dumb idea and must be reversed . Response from Peevey: He agreed but said that it was impossible to remove it from the bill . Heaffirmed what we already know*that the head of the Senate oversight commDebra Bowen*is working on a &clean-up8 bill to remove the prohibition . In response to Ken Lay,s points that California needed to make sure that utinterconnection and stand-by rates didn,t continue to impede on-site generation , Peevey and Freeman said that the Governor understood the probleand was prepared to fix it . Siting laws have got to be streamlined and California ( i.e. , the Governor)has got to credibly commit to the swift development of new power plants inorder to push the forward curve down . Response from Peevey/Freeman: The Governor is scheduled to offer a plan this week that is targeted at expediting siting and development . DWR should accept demand reduction bids at the same time that it accepts supply-side bids . Response from Peevey/Freeman: They agreed but said that there is extreme political pressure to announce the signing of some supply deals on Tuesday in order to prove to legislators that DWR will be able to keep the lights on , and at a &reasonable8 price . They also need to sign some deals in light of the fact that the feds are very unlikely to extend the DOE order forcing suppliers to sell to the IOUs . Onthey,ve shown that they can manage the supply side , Peevey and Freeman said they want to quickly turn their attention to demand-side bidding . These are the highlights . I,d be happy to give more details on the Mondmorning \call . Best , Jeff
Jim: Got your message . Be happy to be on a call today to discuss California's gas structure . Just let me know when . Best to all , Jeff
will do . sorry for the mix-up .
Thursday , usual time ?
We haven't been to the PUC about re-sourcing our customers . Sue mentioned that this morning . Good idea to get over there . Mike's going to the PUC tomorrow to make the rounds . Is there legislation on DSM and expedited siting ? I haven't seen anything we've provided on DSM or expedited siting-related legislation .
Found 'em .
Hi . Apologies . Things have just been nuts . I will get you that access code to EnronOnline just as soon as I can . Hopefully today . Hope all is well . Best , Jeff
Best , Jeff
Hey darlin' . Long time , no see . How are ya ? What's the price per magnum ? How many am I allowed to get ? And what are the dates for Mazatlan ? Hope to see you guys soon . Best , Jeff
I've heard nothing about any relief granted . I will check and get back to you .
Mike , Jeanne: Have you heard anything about any relief on penalties that the PUC might have recently granted interruptible customers ? ( Recall that Loretta has refused to allow folks on interruptible to get off those contracts. ) Could you let me know as soon as you find something out ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
we can all use the tax break that bush wants to give us and give to NPR !
We should be able to pull it together . Mike , I don't have any information about siting or DSM bills . Could you please add some very brief bullets to your original ones ( factual ones rather than advocacy ones ) that describe 1 ) what siting reform bills are out there , what they say , what the chances are for passing , and what the timing for passage seems to be at this point , and 2 ) same info for DSM . Thanks a bunch . Jeff
I'll put my suggested edits directly into the document and send to you for review . Jeff
don't remind me . i'll go ballistic . you're welcome .
Apologies . It's quick and dirty . Jeff
Karen Denne has asked me to go along to the meetings tomorrow , which I've agreed to do , but wanted to run it by you two first . Thoughts ? Best , Jeff
Here are my ( very minor ) suggestions . I understand that the plan is to have the letter come from Ken Lay . Given the current tone and structure of the letter , might be more appropriate to come from Chris , as originally drafted , but I've modified so that it comes from Ken Lay . Best , Jeff
Be happy to talk tonite about how to pull this together . Can't do it until 8:30-9PM tonite , though . That too late ? And , if that's not enough , I don't have conferencing capability from home . Suggestions ? Best , Jeff
Just to add: Evie represents ( largely ) the oil companies . She represented that the suppliers that she represents are negotiating the terms of the agreement with PG&E . She finished by saying that she was fairly confident that those negotiations would result in the gas suppliers that she represents signing PG&E's agreement and supplying gas under those agreements . Best , Jeff
Thanks , Carolyn . I can take a crack at the expansion questions , though someone else may want to also take a look at it , just to keep me honest . I'll try to distribute first thing in the AM tomorrow . Best , Jeff
I'd be honored .
No comments . Chris , I'll have the summary to you shortly . Jeff
Hi Rosalee: Attached is a summary of the proposal that ENA filed today in response to the RFP for power and gas issued by California's DWR . Also attached is a copy of the complete proposal . Steve Kean asked that I forward it along to you . Could you please print out a copy and forward it along to Ken Lay prior to his departure for Washington D.C. ? Thanks very much . All the best , Jeff
Told him the proposal is on his fax machine . He thanked me and said he'd get back to us . He was in a meeting . That was the sum total of the call . Thanks for all your help . Real cat-herding exercise . Best , Jeff
Thanks TJ . Unfortunately , I presumed that I wouldn't get in , so didn't attend . No problem , though , since the two classes that I did get into are great . Thanks again . Best , Jeff
Hi folks: Since we have only one page , the write up for number 4 will have to be verybrief . Before writing it , though , I wanted to offer a few bullets regardinwhat angle we might take , and let folks respond , comment , counter , etc . before writing it up . I'll clean and beef up once we've agreed to the approach we'd like to take to question #4 . Finally , I can work from my office on this this evening , which means that I can use the conference callcapability of my office phone to patch everyone in if we'd like to do a conference call . If that's what folks would like to do , I'd prefer to do thcall at around 7 PM . Just let me know . Best , Jeff The question for #4 is: Stock price is down 23% , significant debt has already been tapped to suppormassive growth and covenants on that debt restrict taking on a lot more debt . What should HD do w.r.t . current operations and future growth strategy ? In the near term focus less on growth and more on getting margins and EBITgrowth back in line with results from previous years . ( Management,s Letto Shareholders alludes to this , but it,s difficult to determine whethermanagement is just paying lip service to the need to capitalize on the growspurt and grown earnings , or continue on the growth effort. ) With respect to funding future ( more moderate growth) , the company does hasome room to increase long-term debt ( e.g. , current ratio for 1986 =3D 2.26It seems that HD would get better terms and have increased flexibility byissuing additional debt rather than relying on lines of credit . As such , Hought to look those sources of funding and fill in any &funding gaps8 with funds from the line of credit . Given the significant drop in stock price , HD is likely better off in thenear term 1 ) moderating growth , 2 ) improving performance to generate cashinternally , and 3 ) using long-term debt issuance to provide the funds needed . Once performance and stock price improves , then HD should consider a stock issuance . How can company improve operating performance ? Reduce selling , store operating expenses and pre-opening expenses Improve receivables turnover Improve inventory turnover Improve per store/sales Consider closing poor-performing stores All of which will improve margins Should company change its strategy ? If so how ? Shift from meteoric growth to moderate , targeted growth , and focus on generating positive cash flow from operations Focus on improving performance at existing stores; specifically focus on controlling costs and asset turnover and productivity Consider another debt issuance rather than rely extensively on credit line in order to decrease cost of funds and increase flexibility
Here is the gas settlement from California that we discussed on the conference call yesterday . Best , Jeff
Ok , we're on for 7 pm . i've got carolyn's and Mark's #s please pass along others and i'll originate the call from here . mark , all of your points are good one's , less discuss them on teh call . best ,
u see my previous note ? sorry , i've been out of the office all day and just got in .
Just wanted to send a note to say that I'm very sorry that I couldn't make it to the meeting , miss catching up with folks , and hope that all's going well . Hope to see you very soon . Best , Jeff
check it out . see george w . and al rap . very funny , indeed .
whaddya mean ? you mean software ?
Gang: Quick question . Does the lease-buy-back free up $50M of funds for 1987 ? Mark , is that captured in the 1987 cash flows ? Don't think that should change our recommendation , but ran across it in the case and was wondering if we captured it . Best , Jeff
Yeah , but my name's not in it .
I haven't heard that , but I was running around quite a bit yesterday . Governor Backbone has however been recently attempting to appeal to the Nader ( noisy ) wing of the party , so it wouldn't be altogether surprising . We can poke around . Best , Jeff
I was thinking that it gives them $50M up front ( the sale) , and then they'll only have to make installment payments for the leases .
Sounds great . When do we sign up ? Best , Jeff
"In addition , we are pursuing sale-and-leaseback negotitations for an aggregate of approximately $50 million for ten of our stores . These sources of additional funds , along with internally generated cash flow ( what internally generated cash flow???) , will provide us with an ample financial foundation to continue to underwrite our growth over the next several years." Exhibit 4 , "A Letter to Our Shareholders." Top of second column of page . Best , Jeff
No apologies needed . Thanks so much for doing so much . Also , heads up . Mark and I are having a teensy discussion about a possible $50 in additional cash we may need to consider ( see letter to shareholders , exhibit 4 , top of second column) . Best , Jeff
I am SO excited about going up and about seeing you guys . We're going to try ( fingers crossed ) to leave tomorrow afternoon . Can you guys bring Annie ? ( please?) .
hi . how's things . my cars getting fixed as we speak ! it'll be ready next tues/wed . I'm very excited about going to the dome this weekend and looking forward to seeing you guys . can you please bring annie with you ? one small request: i'm pretty frazzled with work , school , etc . and am looking forward to relaxing and hanging out with you guys . it would be great to talk about anything other than 1 ) the electricity crisis and 2 ) george w . bush . i figure we can talk for hours about how to get the railing done on the deck ! best ,
should we point out in memo ? think it's too late to revise ?
hi jean: incidentally , you're coverage of the mess via email , etc . has been unequaled . can't thank you enough . were there any materials giving more specifics of what the governor proposed today ? thanks very much . Best , Jeff
It is EXTREMELY useful . Please continue . And on behalf of freedom-loving people everywhere , thank you , jean . Best , Jeff
cell 818.414.5998 S . David Freeman cell 213.792.4900 L.A . Office
FYI . Calger is in active talks with Freeman and DWR lawyers about the offer letter we submitted on Tuesday . Freeman's very anxious to do a deal for 200 MWs from the West Desk and then start talking about a deal for power from Parquet's Pastoria plant . Credit is of course the issue and Calger's told them that unless the credit issue is bulletproof it's not going to work . See Chris' comments below . It looks like progress is being made , but the details will make it or break it . Any thoughts ? Might make sense to discuss on the call . Please forward along to others . Thanks . Best , Jeff
I'm holding up just fine . Thanks a bunch for caring . Have a great time in the Virgin Islands ! Is it a Survivor gig ?
Neat .
Thanks very much .
My techie pals showed me the feature on Enron in the most recent version of eCompany . What a great feature . Congratulations . Best , Jeff
FYI . Note that TURN sez that the Commission should use the enactment date of AB1X as the date that the rate freeze ended .
Here is the very quick and dirty that I did on the fly for Justin yesterday . You should feel free to edit away ! Best , Jeff
Mike: Please call me ASAP on this issue on my cell phone 415.505.6633 . Got an idea . Appreciate it . Best , Jeff
Karen: Harry's done some more recent work on the numbers we need to fill in , so he'll fill them in . Harry: the numbers we've thrown around over the last couple of months are: From 1996 to 1999 , peak demand increased by 5,522 megawatts , but only 672 megawatts of new capacity was added . Meanwhile , electricity is growing over 5% per year .
I'll be on the call as will Mike Day , out outside counsel who's been helping us negotiate a fix to the DA prohibition in AB 1X . Best , Jeff
Hey gang: I think that we should do the case . I'm willing to help draft , and willing to take a first crack at putting some bullets together about the direction I think the memo ought to take and distribute that by about 5 PM tomorrow . Though it would be good for other folks to do same and then we could compare notes . Makes sense ? Thoughts ? Suggestions ? Best , Jeff
FYI . From my "buddy" Verleger .
No problem . Just wanted to throw some thoughts into the hopper . If you've gotten them from Vicky and Tom , then we're set . Good luck . Best , Jeff
Just wanted to let you know that I'll be out of the office beginning at 1PM but will be checking voicemail and will be available by cell phone and pager . Best , Jeff PS I'm listening to the leg hearings by phone . Legislators are making Bryson and Mission head Al Fohr ( Steve , he was the guy at the meeting we had with the Governor's staff ) explain in excruciating detail all of the transactions that have taken place since AB 1890 passed ( e.g. , midwest power plants buys , New Zealand disco buy) . Also interrogating Harold Ray explain Edison's purchasing practices over the past couple of years ( i.e. , staying short in the market) . Edison's not coming off looking great . Bryson's trying to do some major triage---and blaming Loretta for keeping Edison short .
Hi: Hope you're well . Based on your note , I faxed my Direct Deposit change to Renee Kelso a week or so ago and wanted to check with her to see that she'd received it and that it was in process , but I can't find her name in email . Any suggestions on how I can check in and see how progress is going ? As always , thanks a bunch . Best , Jeff
Hi Justin: As we discussed , this is the most recent version of the proposed "fix" to the Direct Access prohibition included in AB1X that the coalition of customer groups have been working on . They intend to give it to Debra Bowen first thing next week . Take a look at it and if you have any questions , please let me know and I can explain the concept and how it is intended to work . I have notified the coalition that it would be a good thing to include you on their distribution list , but I didn't want to do that until I checked with you . Let me know if that's something that you would like to do . Best , Jeff
Thank you . For what it's worth , this tracks well with what I'm hearing . Best , Jeff
Thanks a million . Please keep me posted . See you next week ! Best , Jeff
OK , it's settled . We will NOT turn in the case this Monday . Good call , Dylan . Best , Jeff
This appears to be a note that was sent a very long time ago and just showed up in your in-box . I'm thinking it was the decision to raise rates that happened beginning of January . Best , Jeff
Greetings: My apologies . I was out of town over the weekend and while I thought I'd have network access , I didn't . Here's the presentation from the talk I gave in New York on 01.29.01 . I'll be updating it , but will work from these slides ( as notes--no formal presentation) . If you have any questions , just give a holler . 415.782.7822 . Look forward to meeting on Wednesday . Best , Jeff
Yes , please ticket .
Great to see you guys , and despite all the excitement , it was alot of fun . Hope that you made it back safely . Couple of things: I'd like to talk to several vineyard consultants , so if it ain't too much trouble , and you've got a name , I'd love to check around . Can I order two cases of coastal zin ? What about the champagne ? How much per magnum is it ? Best , Jeff
Thanks again for your help , advice and Cristina's phone # . We'll see where it goes from here . But I'm shocked . I called Cristina , and NO answering machine . I didn't think that happened anymore . Any way of leaving her a message ? Thanks again . Best , Jeff
On the various matters currently before the California PUC: The Commission order stating that the utilities should absorb any difference between DWR's cost of power and the retail rate freeze is still technically in effect . ( The order only applies , however , to the power purchased under the Governor's emergency order giving the State the authority to buy power. ) The utilities have petitioned to modify the decision telling the Commission that the easiest way to remedy the problem would be to vacate the order altogether , but if the Commission didn't want to vacate the order , it would need to change the decision so that the IOUs don't eat any shortfalls . The Commission can act on the petition to modify whenever it chooses . In addition , it has a continuation meeting scheduled for this Thursday and a regularly scheduled business meeting next week . So the opportunity to act and fix the Order is there if the Commission wants to take it . With respect to the cost of utility generation ( i.e. , retained generating assets and QF contracts) , the Commission has a set up a schedule that foresses a Commission decision adopting an "interim" procurement charge on March 27th . There is another "workshop" scheduled for tomorrow to discuss the utilities' proposals , after which the utilities will be required to file formal "advice letters" with the Commission . Those advice letters will form the basis of the process that the Commission will use to ultimately arrive at a decision on the 27th . Everyone participating in the workshops takes the view that customers will see a separate line item on their bills to cover the going forward costs that DWR incurs to buy power . Everyone participating in the workshops also takes the view that customers will be on the hook for DWR's costs and the Commission will , if necessary , raise rates to ensure that DWR is made whole . ( Unfortunately , the Commission is not currently sending signals to show that it concurs with the folks participating in the workshops . And until there is clarity on whether the Commission will agree to "pass through" those costs , Enron and others will continue to have problems with DWR's credit as it applies to the RFP that we and others responded to last week. ) Next week begins the hearings to address the issues that Commission started to examine began in the emergency hearings held over the holidays , i.e. , the utilities financial position , TURN's proposal to "net out" the utilitities' generation-related revenues with the undercollection caused by the rate cap , the date on which the rate has ( or will ) end , etc . Recently , TURN modified its testimony in response to the passage of AB1X . TURN's new position is that the Commission should find that the rate freeze ended on February 1st , the effective date of AB1X . EES will need to quickly determine how and if it wants to respond to TURN's latest stance on the end of the rate freeze . We continue to try to persuade stakeholders and the Commission that DA customers must be compensated for the fact that they paid for the utilities' stranded generating assets . That compensation could come in one of two forms: 1 ) access to a proportionate share of the utilities' retained , cost-based generating assets , or 2 ) a credit representing the difference between the "market" value of the retained generating assets and the book value of those assets . We are not getting much traction thus far . The Commission is scheduled to issue a separate decision addressing the rate freeze issue , the issue of whether to net out generating-related revenues against the undercollection , etc . on March 27 . So both sets of issues ( the procurement charges and the "end of the rate freeze ) are scheduled to be "finalized" on March 27 , albeit in separate orders . With respect to the Block Foward issue , our lawyers had a pretty good meeting on Friday with the DWR general counsel and other DWR lawyers . However , it has become clear that despite those efforts , FERC's decision on "charge backs" will have a significant effect on the resolution of the Block Forward issue . Best , Jeff
Hi Tom: From our contact with the Governor's office , seems that Kari Dohn , formerly in the Governor's office , and recently appointed Chair of the Electricity Oversight Board , would be the hands-down best candidate . Best , Jeff
No problem . My pleasure . Best , Jeff
George: If you get a minute , could you call to de-brief on the meeting we had the Gruma ? Just want to touch base in the event that there's any follow up . Hope that it was helpful . Best , Jeff
Don't even worry about it . Thanks for being sensitive to the issue . Good to see you guys this weekend , despite all the excitement . Best , Jeff "Eldon Sellers" Please respond to eldon
you ain't kidding .
I think that it would be best for the Chancellor's office to make the contact/request , but if you need us to help , then Steve Kean , Rick Shapiro or I can make a go of it; but again , I think that it would best for the Chancellor's office to make the invite . Best , Jeff
Thanks . I'll take 12 magnums . And please order 2 cases of Coastal zin . I think that we'll likely come by either before or after the dome trip this weekend . I can pay you then . I'm not looking to make money on the grapes . Just looking for someone to finance the development of my land . And I'd have a vineyard to look at all the time ! That'd be enough for me . Thanks for all your help .
On the 21st , Tauzin and Barton are holding separate meetings with executives from the respective stakeholder groups in Southern California to have "frank" discussions about California . Steve Kean will attend for Enron . At Steve's meetings will be other gas and electric marketers , and generators . Linda Robertson would like to talk with us tomorrow about getting Steve prep-ed for the meeting . She'd like to have the call at 3 PM California time . Her assistant will be sending details very soon . Best , Jeff
you're a doll . thanks . on this one , feel free to control ! even if Cameron doesn't go up , prentice and i likely will , which means that we'll be stopping by napa ( if you guys don't mind) .
I'm glad that Enron is in such stellar company . We did not get out early last night . See you soon .
Here are some minor edits . What's the timing of the release ? I can work on it a bit more tomorrow on the plane to Houston if that would be useful . Best , Jeff
Thanks . See you tonite . Looking forward to it . Best , Jeff
FYI . Best , Jeff
Bill: Yes , I can be available to do the call . Best , Jeff
Thank you very much for your help . Best , Jeff
Hi Laura: I'll be forwarding you additional information per your phone call with Steve . You can expect it either later this evening or first thing in the morning . And please feel free to contact me at the following numbers: direct dial: 415.782.7822 pager: 888.916.7184 cell phone: 415.505.6633 Best , Jeff
Hi Leslie: The proposal that ENA submitted to Peevey/Freeman includes a proposal to reduce demand by 400 MWs if the state implements financial incentives for such reductions ( i.e. , if the state is willing to pay , say , 7 cents/kwh to "produce," it ought to willing to pay 7 cents to "reduce." ) That proposal was distributed to the usual , company wide email distribution list last week when it was submitted . We can discuss further on the phone call this morning . Best , Jeff
One thing: remember we are "cautiously" optimistic . That qualifier is extremely important , given the lunacy that's underway in California . Best , Jeff
FYI . From yesterday's editorial page in the WSJ . McFadden's one of the folks that signed the "manifesto." Best , Jeff
Thanks , but for some reason they didn't come across . Could you resend ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
I'm on 47 . Please call at 415.505.6633 . Thanks .
thanks . got it .
Hi sorry to bother you , but could you please print this out for me ? Thanks a bunch . Jeff
FYI . This was floating around yesterday . Best , Jeff What happened to the Governor's "commitment?"
Laura: Attached are the letters that I referenced in the previous email . The letters: oppose SBX33--Burton ( state takeover of the private electric utilities' transmission lines ) oppose SBX6--Burton ( state takes significant position in generation , gas & electric transmission , energy conservation , renewable resources , real-time meters support SBX5--Sher ( increase funding for energy efficiency ) Again , if you have any questions don't hesitate to contact me at 415.782.7822 . Best , Jeff
yes .
Wow . This guy sounds impressive ! I agree with Prentice's assessment ( of course , I always agree with Prentice's assessment) . Best , Jeff Happy Valentine's Day to all .
Bill: Here's the coalition's proposed language to "fix" the Direct Access problem . Best , Jeff
Yes . I'll be on the call . FYI: I'm here in Houston ! Best,Jeff
Thanks a million . You're very kind . Whatever happens , happens , but it sure will be fun and exciting exploring the vine possibilities ! Happy Valentine's Day . All the best , Jeff sure . what's the price tag ?
Sorry , but could you please print these out for me ? If the "eei.doc" is too long , please just print out the other two . Thanks a million . Best , Jeff
Hi Vicki: I'll try to track it down . Jeff
I'm told that APS filed against PG&E and "APEC" ? also filed against PG&E . Best , Jeff will do . thanks .
you done good , fella . how's life at 50 treating you ? it was great to seeyou , and between you and me , i don't think that anyone would come close toguessing that you're fifty . i want you to know that i'm constantly trying to figure out how i can get down to s.d . to spend some time together . it's something that i very much look forward to , but i gotta tell you , man , working for enron and attending UC's evening mba program is kicking my buttthe good news is that enron has seen fit to promote me ( senior director---onotch below v.p.) , and i didn't even have to move to houston....and crossyour fingers---if things work out i may sign a contract with a winemaker tobuy grapes from 10 acres of vines on the land that i bought on the sonoma/mendocino coast ( vines ain't planted yet; way it works is you get thcontract from the winemaker and use the contract to finance the developmentof the vines) . anything but a slam dunk , but i'm going to work hard ( andhave fun ) trying to make it happen . it was great to see you in Oakland and thanks very much for the kind note . you will always be an very dear friend and you can count on me showing up oyour doorstep soon . give jessica a hug and a kiss . all the best , p.s . confidentially , and i know you'd never take it , but ken lay's been throwing your name around quite a bit as the "top choice" for a FERC position . also , ( and i'll tell you more when we get together) , i was on apanel in new york with dan fessler ! he was the same , though arguably a beaten , dejected man , based on what he did to California . cc: Subject: FW: Jessica Knight Well , Jessica is a different "kid" now . How time flies . Jessie Jessie J . Knight Jr . President & CEO San Diego Regional Chamber of Commerce
Bill: Here's some more info re: the direct access coalition . Also , the contact information for our lobbyist in Sacramento is: Scott Govenar Governmental Advocates Best , Jeff
Yes , I'll put it on my calendar . Can you come to SF ?
FYI .
Laura: Attached is a 1 1/2 pager that gives 1 ) the extensive list of folks who are in the coalition and 2 ) the message points that they'll be using in a meeting that will take place today with Senator Bowen and other stakeholders to discuss "fixing" AB 1X's prohibition on Direct Access . Best , Jeff
thanks . are you getting just opus , or overture and opus ?
Very sweet . Thank you very much .
we likely come by friday nite to pick up annie to go to the dome , and then we can come back early on monday to pick up wine and kick your butts at spades ?
I'd send to Leff for distribution .
My apologies . I'm going to send you a few things that I need to print out . Thanks a bunch . Jeff
sue nord's place . sort of kitty-korner to you .
Greetings folks: I have a meeting from 9-1 tomorrow that I must attend . Any chance of doing at 8 am . Apologies for the conflict . Jeff
I'd vote for 8 .
As he said in the note , we can wait on the tile . We'll contact our pal karen , the tiling queen , and report back . sound reasonable ?
no information is yet public . you may want to see if they have a website and if there's any information there . best ,
Here's a quick and dirty summary . Apologies that it ain't proofed . Please provide any edits that you deem necessary to make it accurate and cogent . Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
Thanks for the congratulations . What is Stormin' Norman asking for ?
Good luck . If it's not too much trouble , an email summarizing the day's festivities would be helpful . Parquet ever get in touch with you ?
Got your message . Just as soon as we get out from under the deliverables Lay needs for Brulte , I'll turn to figuring how to get Delaney hooked up with decision makers that can make a difference in California . Is next week too late for meetings ? Best , Jeff
Please forward my apologies for missing the call . I ended up receiving a "fire-drill" assignment that needs to get done in the next couple of hours . I'll try to loop back toward the end of the day and update you on what's going on . Very sorry about that . Best , Jeff
Hi: you taking the afternoon off ? If so , have a great afternoon ! Best , Jeff
Happy holiday to you , too . Is it too late to request that tonite's class ( Tasker--Financial Information Analysis ) get taped ? Best , Jeff
Thanks , Christian . We're including it in the package to Brulte and will let you know how it proceeds . Best , Jeff
Steve: Here's a substantially more cleaned-version , with attachments . There's ahard copy on your chair . Best , Jeff
FYI .
Hi Rosalee: Steve asked that I forward this to you . I believe that Steve left you a voicemail describing the nature of the email . All the best , Jeff
Greetings All: First , I am apologizing in advance for any typos in this email . Schedule ivery tight , but I wanted to make sure that everyone had it first thing thismorning , with some back-up info that I've included below . Attached is the email that was sent to Ken Lay's office yesterday evening for delivery to Sen . Brulte . It's of course confidential . Few points: I don't have Bev's email , so if you could please forward to her , that wouldbe appreciated . As we discussed ( Jim , Mike , Bev , Scott , Hedy ) on our lengthy call on Wednesday , I'm assuming that the plan is still to "wallpaper" Sacramento wiour proposed legislation . This email does not contain the legislation . Mike sent the "final" versionof our legislation out yesterday , except for the siting piece , which I believe Brian Cragg of Mike's office is finalizing today . You'll note that we promise Senator Brulte in the email that we'll deliver to his office today the proposed legislation . Again , based on our call on Wednesday , I'm assuming that we would simultaneously release the proposedlegislation to the rest of the world at the same time . When we spoke on Wednesday , we decided that the Sacramento team would determine to whom we would circulate the proposed legislation at the sametime that we deliver the Senator Brulte . I'm assuming that you folks willhandle that end of things . Please let us know at your convenience to whomyou've decided to circulate . This email does , however , include a "summary" of our proposed legislation . But I'm not certain that the summary included in this email is the appropriate language to distribute "to the world," or if we'll need insteadto tailor some new language . I think we all agreed that we need a "one pager" to accompany the legislative package so that we can communicate thepackage effectively . We also discussed the need to quickly develop a coalition to support our proposals . We didn't finalize that plan . Perhaps the Sacramento team coulpropose a plan to do that . Perhaps we could start with our friends in theDirect Access coalition ? We also talked about the need at this point to engage in PR and to get the PR machinery activated , also with the goal of effectively communicating our legislative package/message . We're in a meeting with folks today where wecan discuss getting that side of things going and Karen Denne has contactedMarathon and they're pondering some things that we can do in the near term . You'll note that there's a considerable amount of information about the DWRcredit issue . As I recollect , we discussed the issue in depth on the call.You note that attached to the email is a "legislative fix" to AB1X that cousolve the credit issue and an attached set of "taking points" related to asecond alternative to solving the credit issue: a PUC order clarifying thaDWR will get its money for power purchase costs . Note also that Steve Kean reminded me that we've got to continue to push toget the utilities out of the merchant function . Accordingly , I've put a brief paragraph on that issue in the note to Brulte in the last section ( legislative solution ) under the topic "create a real competitive retail market in California." To the best of my knowledge , we don't have legislative language on that piece yet , and it seems that we'll need to discuss it in considerably more depth before doing so . If you have any questions about any of the materials in the email , pleasedon't hesitate to contact me or Jim or Sandi to discuss . I can be best reached to day by pager at 888.916.7184 . Thanks to all for helping pull this together . Best , Jeff
Looks like we'll be staying the night and leaving in the AM .
was travelling all week . would be happy to discuss this weekend , but i'd need to be by phone , since i'll be in mendocino . are the handouts from thursday that i need to get ? Best , Jeff
will do . thanks .
Scott Govenar , our outside lobbyist , ( 916.448.8240 ) and Mike Day , our outside counsel , might also be useful resources for you , John . Best , Jeff
Thanks a million , Jean .
Thanks very much . Let's keep trying . And congratulations on a great find in Roger . Best , Jeff
We'll need to discuss further internally , but they may be correct in their assessment . Best , Jeff
I apologize , but I won't be in SF Monday evening , and this week coming up will be a grinder . I have a lot of time to work on it over the weekend , though . I can provide a fax number tomorrow where the materials can be sent to me . And I assume that they are on the Izio site , too . I'm going to go there now . Tomorrow , I'll try to crunch some numbers and outline the one-pager and distribute to folks by the end of the day . Then perhaps we can email each other on Monday and try to make some progress on the memo by the end of the day . That should put us in pretty good shape to finish it up Tuesday and Wednesday . If I can't get the materials off of Izio , I'll let you know . I'll report back in the AM tomorrow with a proposed game plan , once I've collected all the materials and pondered things a bit . Sound reasonable ? Thoughts ? Just let me know . Mark , I hope that if you're in Denver , that means you're skiing . Best , Jeff
Got everything off of Izio . I'll start messing with it and report back tomorrow . If others want to do the same , have at it , and we can compare notes . Best , Jeff
Looks fine to me . What's your expectations re: Freeman paying us what he owes us ? Best , Jeff
FYI . I told Chris that it looks fine with me . Seems like a useful tactic , i.e. , maybe if you pay me what you owe for power already delivered , I might consider doing a deal for power going forward... . Best , Jeff
Fax number ( in LA ) is 213.897.9560 . I don't have the address . Did we use the LA address on the original response letter delivered on 2.6.01 ? I can't recall . Let me know . I can call and get the address if necessary . Best , Jeff
FYI . Here's the version that Kean and I sent to Ken Lay's office for transmittal to Brulte . Ken Lay may have chaged it a bit . I'll find out anlet you know , but wanted you to have what we forwarded to him . Thanks agaifor all the help . Best , Jeff
I took a stab at drafting the memo . I pooped out on the last question , however and was only able to jot down some thoughts . Caution: The memo ain't been proofed . I did it as a memo to the CEO of Timberland , but we don't need to do it that way . Also attaching files ( one each for each of the scenarios asked for , so that folks could see what I did) . Have not constructed the "one-page attachment , however . Let me know what you think . Best , Jeff
Since it seems like folks may have only been sporadically receiving my emails , please let me know if you receive the memos and accompanying spreadsheets that I just sent . Thanks . Best , Jeff
Wow , thanks Dylan . I thought that I was on the hook for this one . Let me know what I can do to help . I've read it and will look at what Mark's done and throw my 2 cents in . I'll be working on it tomorrow morning . Best ,
I'm on the case . I'll look at what you folks did and take a crack at writing the memo . I'll shoot for writing and sending around at some point today . Otherwise , it'll be tomorrow . Best , Jeff
Greetings . I have left two messages on the voice mail authorizing the help desk to delete everything in my haas account . That should help . Please consider this email authorization to delete everything in the account . Thanks . Best , Jeff
I can' t thank you enough for organizing my business cards . I know it's a pain and I really appreciate it . Thank you so much . Also , I've got an entry in my bank account ( EDI payment ) for abou $5700 . Do you have the paper for that ? Do I have any other expense thing-ees coming ? Thanks , Jeff
thanks so much for dinner . it was really , really good . and SO sorry for beating the pants off of you in spades ( tee hee) . and i JUST put your check for the wine in the mail ! have a great week . Best , Jeff
yes . check for 576.29 is in the mail ! thanks so much for getting the coastal , and the champagne , and the opus ! can't thank you enough . i've also mailed you a new bottle of oyster sauce .
Please turn comments around as quickly as possible . The folks in Sacramento need them by 1 PM CST . Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
In all week , except tomorrow , when I'll be in Pasadena with Steve Kean at a meeting of Republican Congressional folks to discuss CA's electricity mess .
Linda: I will have the California update done for Steve today . Maureen , could I possibly get the fax # where Steve will be staying this evening in the event that I need to fax it to him directly ? What time will he be leaving for LA ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
Well , this would seem to indicate one of two things: either Hertzberg's is now an absolute lost cause , or it's more urgent than ever to have Ken Lay talk to him . Given the situation , it would still seem prudent to have Ken Lay talk to the Speaker . Best , Jeff
Carolyn , you're a star . Thanks for the input ,  Anil . For what it's worth , I'll take a final looksee this evening and tie up any loose ends ( though I doubt that there will be any) . I'll send around to all for one last peek in the morning , and I'll bring a copy to turn in . Sound reasonable ? Let me know . Best , Jeff
Thank you . I'll be picking Steve up at the hotel and 9:30 am tomorrow morning . And thank you very much for paging him for me . Best , Jeff
Sorry , Mike . Just got this . Will try to turn it around pronto . Our guy John Neslage is trying to pull together exactly what you're requesting . He'll get it to you as soon as we've got it pulled together . Best , Jeff
Thanks very much , Rosalee . Have a nice evening . Best , Jeff
Man , you're quick . Thanks very much . This is really starting to get wierd . Makes Cuba look capitalist . Best , Jeff
We'll need to brief Steve on the fed/state issues tied to the state buying the TX systems of PG&E and Edison prior to his meeting with the Congressional Republicans tomorrow . I'll be driving with Steve from LA to Pasadena ( where the meeting is ) tomorrow beginning at about 9:30 AM PST ( the meeting's at 10:30 AM PST) . Could we put together a call-in number at 9:45 or 10 AM PST so you could quickly/briefly brief Steve on the issues prior to the 10:30 AM meeting ? Let me know if this works , or if there's a better way to get him up to speed on the issues before the meeting . Thanks very much for helping to pull this together on such short notice . Best , Jeff
FYI . We should discuss on tomorrow's call . Best , Jeff
Dudes: My other team has now finished the case that's due on Thursday ( in another class) , so I will spend this evening turning what's been passed around into memo format and distribute for review and comment by ( what will likely be late ) this evening . I'm travelling tomorrow--back late afternoon--and can work on it more tomorrow night . Best Jeff
Shmuel: Flattered that you would ask . I should be able to participate . Let's discuss further . Give me a call . 415.782.7822 . Best , Jeff
Message Points Recent legislative proposals designed to have the state play a dominant rolin developing , owning and operating power plants in California ( SB6X--Burtoand buy PG&E and Edison's electric transmission assets ( SB33X--Burton ) aretaking California in the wrong direction and won't solve the State's electricity crisis . Two new bills are equally disturbing: AB60X ( Hertzerg ) would make plant certification contigent upon the developer agreeing to sell the power to thstate at "just and reasonable , cost based rates." SB39X ( Spier ) would makepower plant owners public utilities The proposals represent a political solution , not a commercial , financial,economic or technical solution . As a political solution , these bills will not increase supply , decrease demand , or get the utilities back on their financial feet . In fact , it's worse than that . These bills will exacerbate California's problems: The transaction contemplated in SB33X is extremely complex , requiring approval by state and federal authorities , bondholders , creditors and others . California will be forced to spend an enormous amount of time andresources trying to achieve the deal , with no certainty of success , particularly in view of PG&E's public opposition . In the meantime , summerapproaches , and the gap between supply and demand remains staggering . Thiscomplex , costly and litigious alternative will not lessen the serious threaof blackouts that California faces this summer . SB6X would have the state finance , develop , own and/or operate power plantsin the state . ?  Unfortunately , the proposal being offered will not solve the problem; rather , it,s a significant step backward that will make matters worse inCalifornia . ?  The reason ? Rather than remove California,s roadblocks to increasedgeneration and transmission investment , this proposal requires California tuse taxpayer dollars to get into the business of financing , owning and operating power plants and transmission . ?  The best solution )  recognized across the country and around the world )  is for the state to allow private companies to site new generation immediately ? Once built , California could easily enter into contracts with private power plant developers and avoid using taxpayers , dollars . ?  Given government,s other failed experiments in other large scale participation into public power , like TVA , BPA , NYPA , it is highly unlikelythat a California state agency will succeed in doing something that privatecapital is better equipped and willing to do . ?  In the short , the proposal is neither in the public interest nor rational ? Issuing debt to build power plants and take over transmission systems costs consumers money and takes money away from investments in schools and otherimportant priorities . ?  We would be willing to work with the Legislature to help craft a bill thagets more supply in California quickly , efficiently , and in an environmentally sound manner , but this draft achieves only one goal: creating more bureaucracy .
Three articles that folks might find of particular interest written in the past couple of days . Best , Jeff
Fellows: OK , here's the beginning of the memo . I'm still working on it , but work cratered on me and I have to switch back to that now . I'll have a draft finished by tomorrow night and I'll redistribute . Couple things . Check the DuPont . Asset turn needed to be changed , because the pro form calcs hadn't taken the cash out of the assets . That bumps the ROE up some . See my attached file , I decompose ROE using an alternative method ( Mark , the one Tasker used in class ) just to do a check , and the numbers turn out the same . I also ran some turnover ratios for AHP and Warner ( understanding the limitations of one year's numbers. ) Questions: Don't we have to assume that covenants will force AHP to dump its divident payout ? Folks likely to get unhappy about that ? Should we care , or should we just expect a rotation out of the stock by dividend-loving investors and rotation in by capital-gains loving investors ? Could we persuade the new management to lever up with an argument that with all that cash on the books , AHP is ripe for takeover ? Anyway just some thoughts . I'll finish it up tomorrow and re-distribute . Herr Jackson: I haven't had a chance to review your comments , but I'll incorporate those in tomorrow as well . Best , Jeff
ah jeez , nobody tell timi and rory... .
Sue: Could you use your contacts with Edelman to get on the phone with Scott , Mark and Karen to jump start this thing ? Best , Jeff
Any intelligence from "closed door" meeting ?
nice smushing .
OK , last call for comments . Need them by noon . I'll bring copies to class for everyone , including Ms Tasker . Best , Jeff
Hey folks . Mr . Jackson makes some very good points , which I'd like to include . However , before I work them in , wanns make sure that everyone agrees with his comments , since including some of his will require some modifications to the direction that the memo takes . We could discuss in a brief conference call if folks wish . Also , please review what I've done--not major edits , but edits ( with some questions and additions ) nonetheless . Best , Jeff
Sorry , to fill your in-boxes , but wanted to make sure that you folks have the comments that are getting filed . Best , Jeff
Dude . You rock . A hearty , hearty congratulations . Wish you all the best and great success in your new role . Best , Jeff
Thanks very much , John . When this is complete , I'd like to send to the larger distribution list . In fact , if you concur , I'd like to send this around to the rest of the group right now . Let me know .
You're very sweet . Thank you very much . However , I still am counting the days , and looking forward to , working with you folks . Best , Jeff
To say that you are a treasure is apt , though understates the incredible job that you do and the wonderful person that you are to work with . Congratulations and all the very best . Best , Jeff
thank you , cindy .
Thank you very much for the kind thoughts . All the best and I hope that all is well in your neck of the woods , Best , Jeff
Here they are . Best , Jeff
A very , very hearty congratulations on your promotion , Ms Leibman . Best , Jeff
Thank you very much for including me on this . Really great to see you last week . Hope to see you again soon . And thanks very much for a great dinner . Best , Jeff
Thanks . How quaint .
I think that this is what Sandi was referring to . If not , please let me know . Best , Jeff
Sue: The way that I understood what Loretta said , the utilities will not be forced to absorb the shortfall between the price cap and DWR's cost of power . Instead , she said that DWR will be responsible for those costs . ( That ought to make DWR an even less creditworthy entity. ) I'll check in with Mike Day's folks to make sure that I heard correctly and get more details . Will report back just as soon as we get more information . Best , Jeff
Carol: Steve should double check . As I understand it , they did vote out the decision implementing AB1X , however , the decision removed the language prohibiting direct access and made DWR , not the utility , "responsible" for any shortfalls caused by the difference between the price cap and DWR's cost of buying power . Best , Jeff "Carol Hudson" Please respond to carol
Ginger: Could you please forward this along to the Quinn-Gillespie folks---David Lugar in particular ? Thanks very much . Others: Attached are excerpts from the California Leg Analyst's Report--an "independent" institution in Sacramento--on the electricity crisis , the plan thus far to address it , and the effect that the solution might have on the State's financial position . Also have attached URL to full report . Best , Jeff
Greetings . Thanks for the help yesterday . I may have missed it , but could you forward me the memo describing the 203 stuff ? Greatly appreciated . Best , Jeff
Joe: My apologies . It was buried deep in this thing that I used to call an in-box . Found it shortly after I wrote the note . Thanks again . Best , Jeff
WHAT?!! ?
Here's the piece put out by the academics . Best , Jeff
thank you . got message that call is now at 11:30 am .
FYI . Mirant announced a 750MW deal with DWR , but story only said "for March" so unclear what term is .
Please keep confidential ( for now) , and please forward to Bev . Thanks . Best , Jeff
Hi darlin' . I'm here , been spending a lot of time on an EES crisis ( surprise?) . can i call you in about 15-30 minutes ?
biz cards .
Thanks . You do the same . Best , Jeff
thanks . sorry about that . please apologize to hedy . Best , Jeff
Yes , that's my sister . She graduated ( undergrad ) in 1979 ( don't tell her that I told you , but I think that she was first in her class) . Married to a very nice guy ( Mike Bentivoglio)--also Haas '79 . He's now the head of corporate planning at Schwab . Have a great weekend . Best , Jeff
Thanks again , John . Best , Jeff
Dollar amount: $7,500 . Project: Retain MRW & Associates to assist in developing a rate structure for California that solves the utilities' financial solvency issues without applying "rate shock" to the state's economy , businesses or consumers . Use the rate plan to develop an alternative to Governor Davis' proposal to nationalize the state's electric industry . Subject: California Electricity Crisis
Congratulations . Freeman is such a reasonable guy... . Best , Jeff
FYI .
Greetings . If you have a minute , can you give me a call ? I'd like to get you up-to-date on what's going on in this crazy electricity industry . Best , Jeff
The guy negotiating the bill on behalf of IEP told me that there's a 35-40% chance that it will make it out of the Senate by the end of next week , which means that it still has quite a ways to go . Best , Jeff
Dude: got your message last nite--just missed it . called you on your cell , but no answer . very sorry to have missed your birthday . glad you like the presents . we'd definitely like to get together with you guys . hope to see ya soon . best , yes , we are evil .
Greetings: I'm going to finish this up in the next few hours and send out . Dylan , go ahead and calculate using operating cash rather than income and send along and I'll incorporate . I'll try to work Jimmy's stuff in a bit , too . Best , Jeff
Gents: Here it is . Please insert directly any proposed edits using strike-out-underline . Need them no later than 10 AM tomorrow in order to have incorporated and ready to go for class tomorrow . Dylan , just go ahead and put your operating cash flow nos . in ( and any other changes you have ) and send on back . All: recall that we are limited to 4 pages of text . Best , Jeff
Thanks so much . Hope that all is well with you and yours . All the best , Jeff
In all week , save Wednesday for AB1890 meeting in Sacramento .
FYI . Best , Jeff
haven't heard . i'll check in today .
We should cast a little broader net on this internally--Yoder , Calger , Belden , Foster , Sanders , etc.--but seems that , given the Governor's actions as of late , the likelihood of nonpayment might even be a bit higher than 25% . Best , Jeff
Greetings: Best info to date on TX deal is today's Wall Street Journal . Best , Jeff
RE: the tx buyout announced on Friday . the best info available is the story in today's WSJ . that help ? Best , Jeff
OK , here's what I propose . Dylan: Galant and much appreciated effort to quantify the value of the tax shield . However , my day's completely out of control and resolving now may be more than we can manage . I propose that I simply delete the one sentence quantifying the value of the shield and leave it as a qualitative statement . If you folks would like to mess with with it some more , that's great with me , it's just that--and I apologize--I just won't be able to work on it today . If you decide to do some more with it , go ahead and please bring copies to class . Otherwise , I'll just delete the sentence referenced above , print out , and bring to class . Just let me know . And Dylan , from someone whose surname gets butchered all the time , my apologies for having done the same to yours in the memo . Best , Jeff
This case is killing me ! 1 ) I had to get before 10 AM today . 2 ) So much for that leisurely 2-hour coffee and morning paper at the neighborhood cafe---not today , thank you ! 3 ) My nap ! Fahgetaboutit . I'm going to be a wreck tonite . Best , Jeff
Cameron: Thanks for a dee-licious dinner . ( I did steal a couple pieces of duck---curiosity killed the cat---and it was dee-lectible. ) Couple things: Very , very nice to go through all that to get reservations at La Folie and I of course love the place , but I was thinking that maybe we ought to go somewhere that's a tad less expensive . I'm thinking that Sean ain't even a big food person , that he's not working , that Molly to bring down a king's ransom in her biz , and Tom and Karen are , after all , vegetarians . Anywho , it's really kind of you guys to want to go there , but I'm just throwing out the notion that maybe we should go to another place that's just a wee bit less dear . Maybe that other French place that's just one room that we went to out in the Avenues . Just a thought . Whatever you guys want to do is fine with me . Also , I'm happy to do a "whole family" thing----well , maybe "happy's to strong" ( we kid!) . I was actually trying to pull it together last Xmas , but found out that my sister and her hubbie only do their big xmas party once a year , so had to scratch it . I ain't necessarily all that keen , though , on having all get together--particularly for the first time--with the focus being my birthday . So maybe we can have another event sometime soon where we can bring the thundering hoards together at one place----Lord help us . Finally , what's the plan for your dad ? I just found out that I'm supposed to be in Houston for an "all hands" meeting on--you guessed it--March 9th , but if there's something planned for that evening , I intend to tell my buddies at Enron that I can't make the meeting . Please let me know so that I can cancel Houston in advance . Finally , and MOST important . Today is the Man in Black's birthday . God bless the real king , Johnny Cash . Best , Jeff
Sending again . Prentice said that she didn't get it , so just wanted to make sure that it wasn't lost in cyberspace somewhere . Jeff
Thanks very much . Very interesting . We'll be a lot more aligned once they've paid us.. . Best , Jeff
I'm getting him deck railing , a new pump , a new fire place , new skylights , a new roof , and a new car .
Greetings: Please review the attached . It's a summary I've put together of a very lengthy analysis MRW did for us over the weekend . I've also attached theconsiderably lengthier MRW memo for those who'd like to see it . The tablesincluded in the summary are pulled directly from the MRW memo . The analysionly addresses the utilities undercollection ( i.e. , solvency ) and doesn'taddress any additional increases that might result from DWR's buying activities . The Bottom Line =15 By raising average rates 10% over a 10-year period , California couldreturn the utilities to solvency , and 2 ) help close the supply-demand gap by providing customers with better price signals . =15 California could achieve these goals under this new rate structure and at the same time exclude one-third of residential customers from any increaseIf California chose not to exclude any customers from the new rate structurCalifornia would only need to raise average rates by about 8.8% . =15 This level of increase is in line with increases enacted in other states ( e.g. , Washington: 28-34%; Montana: 4.5-32%; Idaho: 6.0-24%; Nevada: 7-12.5%; New Mexico 12%) . We'll need to look at it critically and try to shoot holes in it before going public with the numbers as part of our broader effort , but it offers a reasonable benchmark against which to judge alternatives ( like spending thekids lunch money on crumbling , broken down transmission systems) . Please provide feedback as soon as possible , and perhaps , Paul we concludethe MRW work on the agenda for discussion on tomorrow's daily conference caBest , Jeff
Agree . Sounds like a very reasonable way to proceed , and consistent with what we've said all along , non ? Thanks , Harry . Jeanne , while your at it , could you get us a new Governor ? Thanks so much . Best , Jeff
Please don't be insulted , but this will provide a useful tool internally . Thanks again for a great job . Best , Jeff
Hey , how's things ? Long time not chat . What's up ? Anywho , you seem like the right person to respond to this email . ( And I have no idea. ) Best , Jeff
FYI .
FYI . Chris: Any progress with Freeman on creditworthiness issues ? Best , Jeff
Thanks , Jeanne: Couple of thoughts . 1 ) If California wants to get out of this crisis , it's critical that DWR be creditworthy . Bilas' proposal helps in that regard . We've been thinking pretty hard about the issue and working with DWR to try to fix creditworthiness concerns . Christian , it might make sense to put together some comments supporting Bilas' approach and perhaps give him some additional recommendations about what the PUC needs to do to get DWR creditworthy ? If so , ( see note below) , we have an opportunity to provide those comments to the PUC by this Friday . 2 ) Scott Govenar--on the direct access piece . Seems like it would be very useful to get the DA coalition we're working with in Sacramento to jointly file some comments on Friday in response to the Bilas proposal supporting a ban on any PUC action on the DA prohibition since the Legislature is still working on it . What are your thoughts ? And if you and the rest of the Sacramento team agree , can we work with Jeanne to get some ( brief ) language put together and work to get the rest of the coalition to sign on . Alternatively , we could work to get the other folks file individually . Your thoughts on both approaches is appreciated . Best , Jeff
got sent back the first time .
I'll forward this along . Thanks .
FYI . Not sure 1 ) who the right person is to forward this along to , or 2 ) if it's something that folks want to follow up on . Anyway , here's the dope---Scott is an Enron outside lobbyist located in Sacramento . Best , Jeff
Have these letters been sent ? If so , Linda , would it be possible to have overnighted to me "official versions" of the letters ? Greatly appreciated . Best , Jeff
Thanks a million , buddy . Very useful .
Thanks . What's your fax number ? I'll get a copy of the Bilas alternate decision to you as soon as I can . Best , Jeff
Dude: Could you please fax to me ASAP a copy of the Bilas alternative ( 415.782.7854) ? Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
Just faxed it to you .
Greetings Catherine and Roger: A PUC staffer has called our outside lawyer saying that a high school in Ontario , CA called to complain that we're turning back the school for credit issues . The staffer says that "a hospital might also be involved." Can you provide any more information ? The PUC staffer does not seem to have much information , but has nonetheless seems inclined to write us a letter asking us to explain . Sort of ironic: PUC Commissioner Woods states that his goal is to drive all ESPs from the state , the Legislature passes and the Governor signs a bill prohibiting Direct Access , and now the PUC is concerned that California might actually be succeeding in its efforts to kill choice . ( The PUC is particularly concerned since they recently passed an order prohibiting gas customers from returning to the LDC---ironic indeed ) Any information that you folks can provide as soon as possible would be greatly appreciated . Best , Jeff
Thanks , Mike . Given time constraints , might be more efficient if we agree internally prior to sending out to the coalition . Could folks please provide any comments to Mike Day pronto so that Scott Govenar can start immediately to get the DA coalition on board ? Scott , could you hold off until Mike gets and incorporates any internal comments ? Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
Thanks , Catherine . We've had a conversation with the PUC staffer and she's pretty ill-informed . We told her that we need specific details . I'll get back to you just as soon as ( and if ) I get them . Best , Jeff
Here are some more details forwarded by our outside counsel . Best , Jeff
Greetings Jess: I work in Government Affairs in San Francisco . I would like to discuss internally and think hard about this before we give any response to the staffer at the CPUC---not because we have any reason not to respond , but because this a problem created almost exclusively by the PUC , and I don't want to give the PUC the opportunity to shift bad decision making and actions onto us . There's a very easy fix to the situation . The Commission can reverse the bad decision it made a month or so ago , and permit customers to return to utility service . I've forwarded all of the information to Catherine Woods and Roger Ponce . Let's discuss more internally when we've gathered up all the facts and then decide whether and how we choose to respond to the staffer at the PUC . My number's 415.782.7822 . Feel free to give me a ring . Thanks very much Mike for helping to track down the info .
Hey Buddy: See cover email to the Brulte letter that was sent to the Sacramento Teamcouple of weeks ago when I was in Houston . Might be a good place to startw.r.t . getting our "constructive" message out , though I'm sure that there'splenty of other things that needed to be added . Best , Jeff
Greetings , kiddo . How's it going with this stuff . Seems a wee bit like "stop and start , repeat." Hang in there . You're doing a fantastic job . Best , Jeff
Ken: could you call me at 415.782.7822 re: Loretta's talk tomorrow ( I'll be in Sacramento) . Thanks , Jeff "Ken Smith" Please respond to "Ken Smith"
You are so sweet . Thanks so much . What's new ? What are we doing on the Friday of Eldon's b-day ?
Greetings . How's things ?
You get this ? Someone that I know forwarded it along to me . Know anything about it ? Best , Jeff
I'm scheduled to meet with Kari at 3:30 PST tomorrow , ostensibly to talk about demand buy-down . Also presume to message the letter from Steve Kean to the Senators and our solution ( perhaps in advance of meetings , phone calls that might take place later in the week with legislative leaders) . But would like to add to agenda for discussion on tomorrow's daily call in the event folks have additional suggestions . Best , Jeff
Thanks very much , Scott . Shouldn't be a big problem . Our buy-down auction would require the customer to commit to a fixed reduction over an extended period ( for a price) , and the reduction would have to be verifiable , i.e. , the customer would need to have the equipment necessary to verify ( which isn't a problem for large customers) . Sounds like a misunderstanding on the part of the legislator and something that we should be able to talk through . I'll be there tomorrow . If it makes sense for me to meet with them , just let me know . Who's the legislator in charge of demand buy-down ? Best , Jeff
Thanks , Roger . We'll need to determine whether we've turned the customer back . Any help that you and Catherine can give in that regard is appreciated . Then we can decide if , and how , we choose to respond to the PUC staffer . Thanks very much for your help . Best , Jeff
will call shortly .
It's always darkest before the light ( though it may not get light in our lifetimes) . Looks great . Couple of points: 1 ) Despite promises to the contrary--common theme in this exercise--Burton ( as I understand ) did not remove the condemnation ( expropriation? ) language from ABx6 , i.e. , the state can just take your power plant ( or anything else , it seems) , if it has the inkling . That's an egregious provision in ABx6 . 2 ) I don't recall trying to amend ABx18 to say , "pay them their PX credits." I understood the tactic to be--get a prospective , date certain end to the freeze in the bill , which then gives us very firm legal ground on which to seek and get the money owed to us . We could seek the additional language , but if putting date certain does the same thing without attracting a lot of attention , may be a preferable path . 3 ) Forgive me if I've just overlooked it , but I got wind of a bill by Ms Migden ( ABx8? ) that gives one whole heckuvalot of new power--power usually left to FERC--to the CA Electricity Oversight Board . Anyone know about it ? We may want to get details for inclusion in the discussion with Delainey . Best , Jeff
To Jim's last point . I understand that the good 'ol utility system was often operated with little regard for basic economic principles , but there's something in this that seems very odd and difficult to assess , and it seems to always be tied to this notion that "California is a net importer , even in the winter." I'm going to start with the economics and then let folks describe why it seemingly doesn't apply in Western electricity markets . Just about every theory of economics and trade would lead to one conclusion: If California closes it's doors the other Western states will pay higher prices for power and/or face increased threats to reliability . I'm struggling to try to determine why these basic principles aren't applicable to Western power markets . I understand that the PNW is a very complex place and that the reasons could be embedded in the arcane structure that has developed over the years . To keep it simple ( though not necessarily accurate) , I've confined the analysis to a world in which only the PNW and California exist . The basic situation: The PNW peaks in the winter; California peaks in the summer . Let's take two scenarios: 1 ) The West , less California , is so awash in electricity that even in its peak--the Winter--it still has power to send to California , i.e. , it has so overbuilt it's system that it has persistent surpluses to sell to California . Irrespective , there have ( to my limited knowledge ) always been sales from CA to the PNW during the winter , when the PNW is peaking . The only conclusion that one can make , assuming that the PNW is awash in electricity , is that the PNW takes the power in California because it makes economic sense to do so . That is , during the winter peaking months , it must be cheaper on the margin for the PNW to buy from California rather than produce itself . Otherwise , it's difficult to understand why it would buy from California during this month , particularly if they're long . As such , at a minimum , the PNW's electric bill will necessarily increase if California closes its doors . 2 ) Neither the PNW ,  nor California , has indigenous capacity to meet peaking load . Therefore , the PNW must buy California's power during its peaking summer period , and California must buy power during it's summer peaking period . In this case , not only will the PNW's bill go up if California closes its doors , the lights are likely to go because they'll be short power . I realize that this is a simplistic model , and that there could be other legitimate economic factors driving the flows out of California to the PNW ( e.g. , transmission costs) . And again , I also realize that economics may not have traditionally been a driver in the industry . But I thought it might be useful to get a common framework in place as a starting point for the question that Jim asks . With that , I'll pose the question ( understanding the simplicity of the model set forth above): Given that California sends power north--even if the PNW is long---how can California closing it doors not increase the PNW's cost of power ? Best , Jeff
Christian: Could you let me know as soon as possible if 1 ) the proposed decision that I faxed you yesterday is go to go , i.e. , adequately addresses our concerns regarding creditworthiness or if 2 ) we want to recommend some additional provisions ? If we want to recommend additional provisions , could you let me know what those are ? I want to make a run at getting this deal done at the CPUC ASAP,and would like to push Peevey to get Davis to have the PUC pass it out at their next meeting . But need to know if it's good as is or needs some tweeking . Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
Thanks very much for getting back to us . So if I understand the bottom line: 1 ) the customer was mistakenly put back to SoCal ( due to the dual service territory character of the customer's facilities) , 2 ) the customer will be returned to our service , 3 ) the customer's contract with us expires on 5/31 , and 4 ) the customer will have the option of re-signing with us , or returning to SoCalGas when the contracts ends on 5/31 ? If I've confused anything , please let me know . And thanks again for helping track down the info . Best , Jeff
har-dee-har-har . I mean , will we be celebrating in some fashion . I'm scheduled to go to Houston--I'm not kidding--but if there's something planned , which I assume there is , then I'm going to cancel my trip to Houston , like pronto . Ironically , Jeff
Eldon said that you were making dinner on Friday , the 9th , and that he was flying a plane to pick up Cameron and Rory in Carmel . Have you guys spoken in the last few months!?!?! ? ( kidding. ) And don't worry about my birthday--that's not the issue . It's Eldon's 80th--that's huge . Friday is the 9th . So I'm just checking in to see what's up . My very strong inclination--for a variety of reasons , but Eldon's b-day is the biggest one--is to cancel . Signed , confused
Thanks . It would of course be easiest to make the calls and say "pass it out now , as is," but if more is needed to fix the credit issue , want to be prepared to tell them how the decision needs to be modified . If it's fine as is , all the better . Best , Jeff
Thanks again .
Mike , Here's the answer . Please call me when you get a chance to discuss a response ( if any) . Best , Jeff
I understand that there may be a need to give no quarter on this , but given the circumstances--i.e. , we talk every day and time and resources are extremely tight--is it reasonable to temporarily suspend filling this thing out for the next 60-90 days ? Lemme know . My sister just called and said that the earthquake in Seattle was 7.0 . That's big . Best , Jeff
Sandi: Apologies . I meant and forgot to mention on the 11:30 call that the pipeline group is having their annual customer meeting ( VPs of large energy companies throughout the West and Midwest ) at the Santa Barbara Biltmore on April 12th and 13th . They would very much like to get Bill Keese to speak ( preferably on the morning of the 13th , but the morning of the 12th would work as well) . They'd like Bill to discuss the energy situation in California . They can cover however much of Bill's costs--if any--that the State of California allows to be covered . The folks at the pipeline group asked if we could make the contact with Bill and see if he's available and willing . Given your relationship , thought you might be able to check . They're anxious to get someone lined up as soon as possible . Feel free to contact Laura Lantefield directly at 402.398.7080 . Thanks very much for the help . Best , Jeff
Hi . I was trying to get a fix on whether there's something going on on the Friday of your Dad's b-day to see if I need to cancel the Houston trip . What do you think ?
Apologies . The first version incorrectly left in some DWR credit issues and had a couple of other goofs . Please discard and review and comment on this one . But if you've already reviewed the other , no worries , since the attached is extremely similar ( less the couple of goofs) . Thanks .
Lad can play both roles pretty effectively .
I'm assuming that the IOUs wouldn't be dumb enough to recommend something that would have an adverse effect on DWR's creditworthiness , but wanted to make sure you had a chance to review--just in case they're not as smart as I assume . Thanks . Jeff
I'd LOVE to . Have class from 6:30 to 9:30..... .
Minor edit . No big deal . Check it out .
Thanks so much for responding , Sally . Very interested in exploring the possibilities with you . Greatly appreciated . Wow , that's the only other Jeff Dasovich I've ever heard of . No kidding . Referred to you by Lee Green . Don't yet have soil test or temp profiles , but am in the process of figuring out how to get them done . Any suggestions are welcome and appreciated . I'll be around the weekend of March 10th . If that works for you , great; otherwise , we can try another date . Again , can't thank you enough for responding . I don't know where it'll lead , but I've got a hunch that it just might work out . Enjoy drinking your wine ( had the syrah recently ) and very much look forward to meeting you . All the best , Jeff Please respond to pacstar
FYI . Well if she ain't sweet... .
FYI . Looks like what we suspected is about to launch , i.e. , an orchestrated effort by Davis to go after the suppliers . Just found out the following from Sue Mara , who attended the ISO board meeting today: The ISO is scheduled to release a "report" today claiming that suppliers are price gouging . The California AG has subpoena-ed generator-members of the WPTF---very extensive questions asking for just about everything under the sun . Likely that we can expect a loud call for regional price caps very soon . Best , Jeff
What kind of contract ?
Laura: Thanks so much for including me on the list . Quick question: Which committe is this and who's on the committe ? Is there an agenda for the meeting on the 5th ? Thanks again . Best , Jeff
Yes , I would like to attend if that would be possible . Thanks very much for the info . I assume that the folks on the committe are the energy managers of the companies ( like K.C . Mares , who I met when I met with Justin a few weeks ago) ? Jeff
Here is the final version . I'll bring copies with me tomorrow to Sacramento and can drop them off at Hedy's office . I meet with Kari Dohn at 10 AM and will be attending the AB 1890 Implementation Group meeting at 1:30 . I can drop off copies before I head out for the Dohn meeting . If there's anything else , just let me know . Thanks . Best , Jeff
In that case , definitely baloney .
Thanks , Steve . That helps clear things up enormously ( at least in my little mind) . Best , Jeff
Bill: In order to assess , I need to understand the structure . What's the contract structure look like now ? What are we proposed to change , including counterparties ? What part of the existing contract required any PUC approval and why ? What is Edison saying needs to happen at the PUC ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
Greetings Justin and Laura: As we discussed there is a significant coalition of folks working at the Legislature to try to remove the prohibition on Direct Access included in Hertzberg's AB1X and recently signed by the Governor . Simply put , it is clear that the prohibition will only be removed if the business community communicates clearly and unequivocally and vociferously to the Legislature that Direct Access is a priority for business , and that the Legislature must amend AB1X to permit Direct Access . I've attached the media plan developed by the PR firm that's working with ARM ( Alliance for Retail Markets ) to increase the focus on the need to re-instate Direct Access . The ARM coalition of energy service providers has been the focal point of the ever-growing coalition that has developed ( and continues to develop ) around the Direct Access issue . In order to succeed , it is critical to get as many members of the Silicon Valley Manufactures' Group to join in the effort and participate actively , particularly in the media effort . My colleague Sue Mara has been a key player in the ARM coalition and in the development of the medial effort . She can provide you with any information and/or assistance that you need and can also get you in contact with Edelman , the PR firm directing the media effort . Sue's number is 415.782.7802 . Her email is smara@enron.com . And , as always , you can contact me at any time ( 415.782.7822) . Looking forward to any participation that you folks can offer . All the best , Jeff
whaddya mean ?
FYI .
You're very sweet . Thank you so much .
Do we want to position this as "let the market do it , cuz it can do it better than Socalgas; but the market ain't going to do anything if you don't create an hospitable investment climate?"
Hi Laura: Thanks very much . If it works for you , I'd be happy to come to your office on either day to meet and catch up . Just let me know . I can be flexible . Have fun in DC . Best , Jeff
Laura: FYI Jeff
Dude: Thanks very much . Looking forward to tonite . You won't believe this--this morning , I heard on the radio that today--that's right , today--is Doc Watson's birthday . Killer.. . Best , Jeff
Just talked to Peevey . He told me that he and Freeman personally worked with Bilas on Bilas' draft decision--the decision designed to make CDWR creditworthy and keep the PUC from touching Direct Access until the Legislature has a chance to fix the AB1X prohibition . I made the pitch re: decision does what it takes to fix the creditworthy issue and the Commission needs to vote it out immediately . He said he agreed but expressed his general frustration with the decision making process generally , and said that he is not certain right now if the decision is greased to get voted out at the next Commission meeting . He said that he's going to be talking to the Governor this afternoon and will push the issue with him . I asked him to keep me updated . He said that he would . I told him that it wasn't helpful that the Governor named names in New York regarding alleged agreements about "haircuts," particularly when folks are trying to negotiate deals with DWR . He wasn't aware of that and asked me to fax him the Merril press , which I did . I'll also fax him our letter supporting the Bilas decision . Best , Jeff
Thanks very much , Laura . If it's appropriate , I would like to attend ? Just let me know . Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
i send her just about everything . if she wasn't on distribution list , it was an oversight that i'll correct , fellow "responder" on the upcoming panel in best ,
Sandi: Apologies . Inadvertently didn't include you on first distribution . Best , Jeff
in office mon-wed travel to houston on thurs in houston on friday
Yes , I'll be in Houston this week . We could discuss there . But might be useful to discuss tomorrow when you return . I'm available . Seems useful to try to get a start on it tomorrow . You available for a quick call ? My schedule's pretty flexible . Best , Jeff
Apologies . At a loss to figure out how in the heck your name disappeared from this mega-list .
Mike ( Day): As you know from the work with the DA coalition , UC/CSU is extremely interested in ensuring that the prohibition on DA included in AB1X gets "fixed" in SB27X . Of couse we'd ideally like to make sure that the language providing the "fix" makes it crystal clear that customers retain the right going forward . There's some concern that the "fix" language that's been floating around thus far needs some tightening to wring out the ambiguities . In that regard , Mike Smith is going to try to craft some language and forward it to you . We'll need to try to get Mike ( Smith's ) language into the draft that you're putting together based on last Friday's meeting , preferably before you circulate the next draft to the DA coalition . Mike Smith , I'll assume that you'll contact Mike Day directly , but Mike ( Day) , if there's any questions , don't hesitate to contact me . Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
Brilliance begets brilliance .
thanks for a great dinner and a fun time . eldon , thanks for slaughtering me at three--count 'em , three--games of cowboy .
thanks . who's jeff shields ?
Thanks . All comments/edits welcome and appreciated . Best , Jeff "Ken Smith" Please respond to "Ken Smith"
FYI . UC Pioneers Conservation Two decades of innovations prepared campuses for energy price crunch When the state's energy crisis hit , the University of California was not caught with its fans running full blast . Across the nine-campus UC system , $65 million has been spent over two decades on energy-saving devices , including new lighting , variable speed fans , even a system to harness waste gas from landfills to run boilers . So , with Gov . Gray Davis calling for every California household and business to cut electricity use by 10 percent , UC offers a good model of conservation . Despite rapid growth in the 178,000-student system in recent years , most campuses have held electricity consumption steady , and the university will net about $75 million in savings from the projects . "We are fortunate to have on the campuses people with the religion . They have been working on this agenda since the oil embargo," said Gary Matteson , UC director of energy and utilities planning . But UC will need to do more . Facing a 146 percent increase in the cost of natural gas -- which powers the co-generators that produce electricity -- the university is now asking the state for $217 million to fund additional conservation efforts . That way , UC could offset the increase in natural gas prices . As a state institution , UC has to reduce its electricity consumption by 8 percent of its base load -- which is 334 megawatts at peak -- and by 20 percent during Stage 2 alerts , when state electricity reserves fall below 5 percent . UC has already exceeded the 8 percent reduction and Matteson said he expects the system to be ready to meet the 20 percent goal by June 1 , before the summer peak hits . Like little cities , the campuses run around the clock , but laboratory lights that used to blaze continuously are now going dark when not needed , those in hallways have been dimmed or shut off when possible and the thermostats have been lowered . "I almost stumble through some of the hallways , it is so dark," said Keith Roberts , energy engineer at UC Davis . "There are a lot of people who really want to help out . We are trying to do what we can without impacting the mission of the campus." At many campuses , daily e-mail alerts remind students , as well as employees , to open their window shades to light and warm their rooms and offices during the day , and to shut off computers and lights when they are not in use . At UC Berkeley , freshman Jon Clingan , 18 , said signs have been posted in the hallways and bathrooms of the residence halls , imploring students to save electricity in their rooms and even to cut short their showers . "I try to keep my light off as long as possible until it is just not possible to do work," Clingan said . In addition to conserving energy , UC protected itself against skyrocketing electricity prices by signing a four-year contract in 1998 -- along with the California State University system -- with Enron Corp to buy electricity at the 1996 rate minus 5 percent . In 1986 , systemwide co-generation plants were installed to produce sufficient energy for most university buildings and to pump an additional 20 megawatts into the state's electricity grid . That approach saved most of the UC campuses from falling victim during the state's rolling blackouts -- although UC Santa Cruz went dark one day in January because its co-generation plant was out . MARKET PRICES AHEAD Still , UC officials are asking the Legislature for extra money , warning that a systemwide natural gas bill is expected to rocket from $26 million last year to a projected $64 million this year . A contract for low-priced gas is expiring and UC will soon find itself paying market prices . That means UC will face having to raise dormitory fees , cut back on night and weekend classes and turn down the air conditioners in the summer , leaving classrooms sweltering . Saying that that would be unacceptable , Assemblywoman Elaine Alquist , D- Santa Clara , chair of the Assembly Higher Education Committee , called a hearing on the issue last month . "I really wanted to hear how they were going to cope with the crisis," she said . UC is already negotiating with the State Department of Finance to get about $217 million for an additional list of energy efficiency and conservation projects that could save 149 megawatts within three years . Reducing electricity means reducing reliance on natural gas . John Baca , manager of the policy and strategic planning program for the Office of Energy Assessments at the state Department of General Services , said higher education facilities tend to consume a lot of energy . "They have experiments that just can't go off and they have a lot of flue hoods , and things like that," Baca said . "They have to have power for a lot of different things all the time , so there is still a lot of potential at the higher education level . But I think UC has done a really fantastic job." SYSTEMWIDE CHANGES The efforts have been made across the system . UC Santa Cruz undertook an extensive conservation project that reduced electricity consumption in academic and administrative buildings by 6 percent . UC Davis has spent about $15 million on conservation renovations during the past 10 years , saving at least $3 million a year . At UC Berkeley , more than $6 million has been spent since 1986 to improve energy efficiency on the campus by modifying and reducing light fixtures in older buildings , installing centrally located automated controls that can run heating and cooling equipment on a flexible schedule , and improving efficiency around heating pipes . "Our usage is only 3 percent above what it was in 1972-73," said Paul Black , a senior engineer in the UC Berkeley physical plant department . "And if you think of all the computers added and also the air conditioners we have added to cool computer rooms and labs , that is good." E-mail Tanya Schevitz at tschevitz@sfchronicle.com . , 2001 San Francisco Chronicle Page A - 3
can you send the ackerman email around ? calger wasn't there; left him a voice mail . expect to hear back shortly . Best , Jeff
FYI--Davis includes us as one of the companies he signed up . I'm only aware of a 30-day deal with an option to extend for 5 years ( option ends toward the end of the month , as I understand it) . Not aware of any other deals we've done with DWR at this time , though others are on the table----DWR's creditworthiness remains an issue . Best , Jeff Davis announces first round of long-term power contracts DON THOMPSON , Associated Press Writer Monday , March 5 , 2001 , 2001 Associated Press long-term contracts and other agreements to keep power flowing to customers of two financially ailing utilities , Gov . Gray Davis announced Monday . The deals will supply an average of nearly 8,900 megawatts per year for Southern California Edison and Pacific Gas and Electric Co . customers over the next 10 years and let the state buy power for far less than it has been paying on the costly spot market , Davis said in a written statement . One megawatt is enough power for about 1,000 households . For the first five years , the contracts provide power at an average price of $79 per megawatt hour , about 75 percent below recent costs on the spot electricity market , Davis said . The price drops to an average of $61 per megawatt hour , about 80 percent below spot prices , he said . ``These agreements are the bedrock of a long-term energy solution,'' Davis said in remarks prepared for delivery Monday afternoon in Los Angeles . ``The provide reliability at a reasonable price.'' Some of the contract negotiations will result in accelerated power plant construction , adding an estimated 5,000 megawatts to the state grid within the next two years , some by this summer , Davis said . The contracts amount to 75 percent of the long-term deals the Davis administration has sought under a new law that lets the state spend an estimated $10 billion over a decade to buy power for Edison and PG&E customers . Davis has pitched such contracts as one way to lift California out of its energy crisis . Negotiations have taken longer than expected , however , as his administration and power providers haggled over how much the state should pay . The Davis administration wants to stop paying for power on the expensive spot market , where desperation to keep the lights on leads to inflated prices . On Friday , the state released another $500 million to continue making such purchases on behalf of the state's two big cash-strapped utilities , bringing its spending so far to some $3.2 billion since early January . The agreements announced Monday include more than 20 power suppliers , including electricity giants Duke Energy , Calpine , Dynegy , Enron and Reliant . Davis declined to release details on individual contracts . Duke Energy said it has reached a $4 billion , nine-year agreement to sell electricity to the state . The memorandum of understanding calls for Duke to provide 550 megawatts starting next Jan . 1 . That's enough power for roughly 550,000 households . That amount would rise to 800 megawatts Jan . 1 , 2003 , enough electricity for the equivalent of 800,000 households . The contract would continue through ``We believe long-term contracts provide the critical underpinning for a stable electricity market and are happy the state is moving in that direction,'' Bill Hall , head of Duke's California operations , said in a written statement . The state is buying about one-third of the power used by the customers of Edison and PG&E . Both have been denied credit by suppliers who fear the financially troubled utilities won't pay for the power . California plans to recover those costs by issuing $10 billion in revenue bonds in May , with the rest of that money going to finance the cheaper , long-term power contracts . In addition to the long-term contracts , the Department of Water Resources has reached 11 agreements letting it buy a substantial amount of power on the day-ahead market , cutting the state's payment of premium prices on the real-time market , Davis said . A Stage 1 power alert was called Monday morning with reserves threatening to drop to 7 percent due to power plant maintenance and low electricity imports , said Patrick Dorinson , spokesman for the Independent System Operator . The ISO manages the state's power grid .
I'm worried about the commercial guys---they're in a "rock no boats" mode in anticipation of perhaps signing the 5-year deal . I'll let you know what Calger sez soon as he gets back to me . He's in a meeting . Best , Jeff
Yes .
Principles with edits received thus far . Best , Jeff
hi!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ! gigi , o , gigi , you won't believe this . i gave a talk on california at the plaza hotel in nyc about a month or so ago and guess who spoke on the panel before me?!?! ? you guessed it . daniel william hissself . can't wait to tell you about it . i , too , want to catch up . how's coffee early tomorrow morning---like 8:30 am work for you . otherwise , i'm in heewwwston for the rest of the week . hey , we each had big birthdays--congratulations . another decade well lived . look forward to seeing you real soon . best ,
Concur with Harry , i.e. , continue to take the position that the program should be available to all . When I was in Sacramento last week at a meeting of all the players , the utilities argument against including DA customers was based on "double dipping," i.e. , payments to customers/ESPs for curtailment , plus payments to customers/ESPs for the re-sale of power to the ISO resulting from the curtailment . The utilities "double dipping" argument is off base . As important , the state is facing the threat of frequent and severe supply disruptions this summer and it needs to take each and every step necessary to try to avoid them . The utility position ( apart from being incorrect ) seems pretty short-sighted given the dire circumstances . So seems clear that California should include both DA and bundled customers in the program . Best , Jeff
No rush , but thought I'd throw this out there just ot get the ball rolling: Looks at this point like any of the presentation dates work for me , so I don't necessarily have a preference . Options for project ( and I'm really just throwing stuff out there to stimulate thought): Analyze AOL/Time Warner merger My company , Enron , is accused by some analysts of being nothing more than a Merrill-Lynch , or a Morgan-Stanley , or a Goldman-Sachs , etc . These analysts claim that we should therefore trade at multiples that are in line with the investment houses . We differ in that view ( for a lot of reasons that I won't go into here) . Might be interesting to analyze strategies , differences , etc . Anyway , just some thoughts to get the ball rolling . I'm open to just about anything . Best , Jeff
Thanks , Steve: Alan and Jim might want to join in the fun . Does 1PM west coast time work for folks to have a brief kick-off discussion of how we might assess the costs of a "California for Californians" energy policy ? Best , Jeff
Just let me know when you'd like to chat . Best , Jeff
tomorrow at 9 it is . the place on either battery or sansome at California , right ? can't wait . see you then .
FYI .
FYI . Appears that all went well , even though our communications remain a wee bit bumpy . Sometimes outcome is the most important thing . Signed , Cuddles
Glad to hear that it all worked out . Have a great conference . Best , Jeff
This is separate from our 2 PM UC/CSU meeting right ? Apologies . Difficult to keep it al straight these days . Best , Jeff
No need to apologize . Thanks for bio . Sorry about the long-winded voice mail . Look forward to call from McKinsey . If there's anything I can do , don't hesitate . Best , Jeff
Lisa: Here's the information regarding Edison's SO2 credits before the PUC . Fax to follow . If you need anything else , just let me know . Best , Jeff
Funny . I sent it before you sent your note , I think . You will have a very difficult time touching base with her . Good luck . Best , Jeff
Thank you . I'm not getting it . Please continue sending if you can . Thanks very much . Jeff
Please distribute to rest of Sac team . Thanks , Jeff
Also might add that it conflicts directly with and is likely to thwart Gov's efforts to dramatically reduce demand this summer and avoid rolling black outs . Seems like legislators would benefit from more information , along the lines of the points that Harry makes , to better understand that this bill would only add to the problems . Best , Jeff
Yes , I will be joining folks for dinner .
FYI . xoxoxoxoxo
Note size of folks participanting as reflected in email distribution list . See attachment , which shows "official" list of coalition members and bullet points they're passing along to legislators . Note UC is on the list . Mike: UC's participation in this coalition can be fairly characterized as "very active." Best , Jeff
well , wouldn't you know it . i now have a 9 am meeting . but i've opened up for lunch . any chance of doing lunch ? i could also do coffee in the afternoon . ( i don't leave for hewwston now until Thursday at noon) . My apologies . Hope one of these other times work ? your pal ,
DA coalition's leg language . Letter supporting Bilas from subset of coalition . Coalition list to follow .
howzabout 11 or 11:15 at the coffee place ?
I think we may have decided to start at 11 AM ? I have a 1 PM meeting . Possible to start at 11 ? Best , Jeff
I'll be in air ( to Houston ) at that time tomorrow . Harry can you attend EES ( San Diego team call) ? Best , Jeff
Sue Mara was correct on the call yesterday . While the PUC meets regularly on Thursdays , it appears they are having a meeting today at which the "Bilas Alternative" is up for a vote . Our information is that there is some likelihood that the decision will be approved----but please don't hold your breath . We'll disseminate information just as soon as we get it . Best , Jeff
The notion that it would have to be a monthly analysis sounds like pure Roger , and could likely be correct . But we need to determine whether we can get what we need by doing a "less precise" annual versus a "monthly." Seems that once we've made that call , we direct the scenario and they do it . Thoughts ? Best , Jeff
Attached is a rough draft of some scenario development around the PX credit and rate issues . Few points: Apologies in advance for any errors and inaccuracies . Given time crunch , the model developed is quite crude and will need refinement ( to be sure) . The bankruptcy scenario is included ( scenario 4) , but ( again , given the time crunch ) has not been analyzed to the same extent as the other scenarios . Tribolet should be able to provide good insights there , however . The exposure has not been calculated since GA does not have the numbers , but EES should be able---once there's agreement on scenarios and probabilities---to run the numbers very quickly . I've assigned my view of what the probabilities are . These are key inputs and the team will need to scrub them thoroughly . For ease of use by all , and given time considerations , I've done the conceptual model in word format , rather than excel . It will be simple to translate this conceptual model to a spreadsheet model ( in excel) . Best , Jeff
great . see you there .
of course .
The Commission just voted out one half of the "Bilas Alternate." The decision that got voted out included Bilas' DWR-based language stating that the PUC 1 ) would not second-guess DWR purchases and 2 ) would pass through DWR costs to customers . However , in a move led by Commissioner Carl Wood , the decision removed the Bilas language on Direct Access . The decision therefore did NOT include the Bilas language staying any Commission action on implementing the Direct Access prohibition . Carl Wood called including Direct Access "the height of arrogance." The decision was voted out 3-2 , with the 2 remaining Republicans dissenting . That said , the Commission has no proposal before it implementing the prohibition , and there was no talk at the meeting of implementing the prohibition any time soon . Best , Jeff
Tell me it ain't so , Bob . Hostile would be a gross understatement . If you would like to chat further let me know . Best , Jeff
FYI . I've notified Bob and Mike about Carl Wood's proclivities . Best , Jeff
I'm in SF . I'll be here .
It continues to be fun , fun , fun out here . Give a call and I can Best , Jeff
FYI .
This version includes Jim's and Ken's suggestions . Best , Jeff
This copy should correct all of the the typos identified on the call this morning . Apologies if I've missed any . Best , Jeff
Thanks , Steve . Alan , any word from Tim re: resource availability ? See you all in Houston . Best , Jeff
No . The decision would have prevented the Commission from implementing the legislation that prohibits direct access , at least during the time that Legislature and the direct access coalition work together to try to come up with a compromise to continue to allow direct access . So all this means is that the prohibition still has not been implemented and there currently is nothing before the commission to implement . Sure would have been nice if the commission had passed it , though . Also , did I tell you that i'm in a meeting all day tomorrow in houston and therefore can't do an update call with edward's ? i can , however , do it on best ,
i won't be in class tonite . i'm open , too , but to tell you the truth , mark , the thought of comparing us and european accounting standards/practices makes me break out in a rash . if there's any way that we can focus on strategy , valuation , or other sorts of financial analyses that we've focused on in the course , that would be preferable from my perspective . best , Jeff
Wow . Have a great trip . I'll anxiously await your return . Best , Jeff
Thank you .
This , my friends , sounds ominous.... .
FYI . Appears that the Davis administration has thrown down the gauntlet , looking to position itself in a way that will allow it to blame the FERC/Bush administration for California's electricity crisis , unless FERC agrees to the ISO's price cap plan . Best , Jeff
Katie: Thanks so much for the info . Do you have the call-in number for the ISO call today ? Best , Jeff
What's the status of the DG bill ? As I recall , Burton amended the bill in a way that explicitly prohibit diesel DG units from helping California avoid rolling black outs this summer . I believe the exclusion was made on grounds that running diesel would be too environmentally damaging ? Could you provide a brief update ? Is there anything in the bills that addresses the restrictions on the number of hours that these units are permitted to run ? Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
yes , monday works .
FYI .
Bill: As ususal , there's another crisis today . I'll be able to do the call , but we need to keep it brief . Apologies . What's the cal-in number ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
FYI . Should be of interest . Best , Jeff
Janel & Co.: This is a group that we should try to tie into our PR efforts . Best , Jeff
Could you check on this . It should not apply to me . Thanks very much . Jeff
Feds Hint at Power Bill Refunds Firms ordered to justify high rates David Lazarus and Lynda Gledhill , Chronicle Staff Writers Saturday , March 10 , 2001 , 2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: Federal regulators warned power companies yesterday that they may have to refund $69 million to California ratepayers for charging unreasonable prices during recent electricity shortages . However , the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission left the door wide open for the unnamed 13 generators to avoid refund payments if they could offer "further justification" for why their rates should be considered fair . Consumer activists were quick to note that the commission's order was significant . "They have acknowledged for the first time that there has been abuse of the marketplace," said Doug Heller , assistant organizing director for the Foundation for Taxpayer and Consumer Rights in Santa Monica . "It's an acknowledgment that the power companies have been ripping us off." However , consumer groups also pointed out that the order -- issued late in the day -- was partly a political ploy intended to make the Bush administration look more sympathetic to California's plight . The proposed $69 million refund also represents only a fraction of the billions of dollars that utilities have had to pay due to rising electricity rates . The commission set narrow parameters for power charges in January that may be considered unreasonable . It is only considering charges above $273 per megawatt hour during the series of Stage 3 energy emergencies that threatened statewide blackouts . William Massey , the lone commissioner who voted against the order , noted that of 70,300 power transactions in January above $150 per megawatt hour , only about 13,000 fall within the regulatory commission's parameters for potential refunds . "This order is arbitrary , capricious and unlawful," he said . "Eighty percent of the transactions have been excluded from refunds." But commission Chairman Curt Hebert characterized the order as an aggressive effort to safeguard California consumers . "Today's refund order demonstrates the commission's commitment to ensure appropriate and reasonable prices in the wholesale electricity market given the supply and demand imbalance in California," he said in a statement . POWER COMPANIES NOT WORRIED Gary Ackerman , executive director of the Western Power Trading Forum , an energy-industry association in Menlo Park , said power companies are not worried about the prospect of having to pay out millions of dollars in refunds . "The people I've talked to said they can justify the costs for a majority of hours where FERC said there may have been overcharges," he said . "We will be supplying supporting data to FERC," said Richard Wheatley , a spokesman for Reliant Energy in Houston . "We commend them for doing this review . We believe this can be resolved and we can all move on." Jan Smutny-Jones , president of the Independent Energy Producers , a trade group representing out-of-state generators , said the commission's order shows that the system is working . "In my opinion , what has been identified is talking about potential refunds , " he said . "The generators will have a chance to justify their rates . I'm not terribly troubled by that." The California Independent System Operator , which oversees the state's power grid , welcomed the order , although it said $69 million is lower than its own estimates of potential overcharges . The ISO had asked the commission earlier this month to review $350 million in January power charges that exceeded the regulatory commission's "soft cap" of $150 per megawatt hour . A soft cap means the price can exceed the prescribed amount as long as a supplier can justify the charge . REFUND ORDERS ARE RARE "The granting of refunds by FERC is not a common occurrence," said Charles Robinson , the ISO's general counsel . "We're treading new ground." Considering the potential ramifications of the order , the commission was oddly furtive in issuing its press release at the very end of the business week . The commission's press office already was closed by the time of the announcement , and the commissioners had left for the day . Reached at his home , Massey acknowledged that the commission was all but inviting power companies to bury the commission in paperwork to support their wholesale rates . "Welcome to the Hebert chairmanship," he said . Hebert was appointed head of the commission last month by President Bush . Since then , the regulatory commission and the Bush administration have maintained a largely hands-off approach to California's energy crisis . "We have said from the beginning that obviously the state of California has to address these problems and these challenges," U.S . Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said this week . E-mail David Lazarus at dlazarus@sfchronicle.com and Lynda Gledhill at
Quick question to Joe and/or Christian , John and Mary: I'm assuming that any deal we sign with DWR that falls below the $150/MWH soft cap is free and clear of the order FERC issued on Friday as well as any other refund risk associated with FERC's December order . Is that correct ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
Greetings Mark: Here is the latest . ENA signed a short-term deal ( 5 -week term , I believe ) with DWR that goes through the end of the month , at which time we have the option to extend the deal to a five-year term . We are discussing other longer-term deals , too . As Steve points out , we've had serious concerns regarding DWR's creditworthiness . ( DWR , the Dept . of Water Resources , is the state agency that Davis made the purchaser of power when the utilities hit the financial skids a few months ago and the market stopped selling them power. ) The problem has been simple and significant---while our brilliant Governor and Legislature gave DWR the authority to buy power on behalf of the cash-strapped utilities , they neglected to t spell out how DWR would recover its costs of buying the power . Based on comments from us and other suppliers regarding the creditworthiness issue , the California PUC issued an order last week establishing that 1 ) the PUC would indeed pass DWR's power costs through to ratepayers and 2 ) the PUC would NOT second-guess ( i.e. , impose "reasonabless" standards ) on any contracts signed by DWR as a condition of passing the costs through to ratepayers . With the CPUC decision ( and other language that ENA's negotiated into the DWR contract) , ENA is close to being comfortable signing the 5-year deal , even in the face of the FERC order . That's predominantly due to the fact that the power price in the 5-year deal would come in well under the $150/MWH threshold that FERC has set up for any sort of "refund review." But other things could crop up between now and the exercise date that could muck things up . I'll keep you posted on developments as they transpire . The big problem ( as Steve notes ) is that the State is on the verge of ( some say hell bent on ) taking over the entire electricity industry in California in perpetuity . Our original proposal focused on getting price volatility and the utilities' financial position back under control . Our contracting proposals have always been couched in the context of a temporary , stop-gap measure . That is , the state would do the minimum amount needed via contracts to stabilize prices while simultaneoulsly doing what was necessary to get de-regulation back on track in California . And once the situation had been righted , the State would as soon as possible exit the industry and let the market step back in . Unfortunately , command-and-control , anti-deregulation policymakers have taken hold of the agenda ( with the blessing , seemingly , of the Governor) , and are moving the state toward a "takeover" response . That's what we're actively opposing . If you have any questions , don't hesitate . Best , Jeff
FYI .
I have forwarded the info to Ken , and just spoke with him . Unless there are particular concerns , he will cover today's PR call with IEP . Otherwise , Sue or I can listen in at 1 . Just let me know . Best , Jeff
Dylan: Don't kill me . Is this case due today or next Monday ?
Roger .
in all week .
Thanks . Just wanted to make sure that I wasn't losing my mind..... . See you tonite . Best , Jeff
Ken: Could you please write a very brief synopsis of what took place on the IEP PR call ? Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
Just got a call from a fellow named Jame Edgerly at the Enterprise Zone , Inc . He told me that Ken Lay ( through Ken's secretary Vanessa ) referred me to him . He is very interested in getting us to help him work with the Legislature to establish an "Enterprise Zone" energy tariff to encourage investment in California's Enterprice Zones . Before I launch on the effort , just wanted to check in and see if this rings a bell with you . Thanks . Best , Jeff
nope .
Greetings Michelle: As we talked about it last week---and now that I'm back in the office , I'm having folks check to make sure that this is 100% accurate: Rates for core subscription customers are forecasted ( I believe based on previous month's gas prices) . Bills for core subscription customers are lagged ( I believe by 30 days after consumption) . The IOUs face a PBR mechanism that incents them to buy index ( though they may have engaged in a modest amount of hedging) . The California PUC issued an order ( about 2 months ago ) prohibiting noncore customers from switching to core subscription status . I'm back in the office today , and have folks checking on this . I need to pin down with certainty 1 ) the forecast period , and 2 ) the bill lag period . Will get back to you as soon as we get the info . If there's anything , just let me know . Best , Jeff
Thank you .
For what it's worth , here are my edits overlayed on Jim's , Harry's and whomever else provided comments . Best , Jeff
Thanks , Scott . Did it include the "Sierra Pacific language" discussed on the call today ? Best , Jeff P.S . Must be beautiful in Sacramento today .
Same . Remember , it will soon be 135 degrees there...... .
Let it go . Ken is PR , and PR only . There are also calls where substance is discussed . Ken can't do that .
Michelle: I've verified the information below . If you'd like to drill down deeper into any particular issue listed below , just let me know . Best , Jeff
This sounds like a good idea . cc: Subject: Fwd: Review of FERC Analysis Gary Ackerman asked that the attached proposal from Ben Zycher be sent to the board .
Are we supporting this ( at least conceptually) ? Seems important to have a tangible alternative to the horrible plan that the ISO Board/Staff is contemplating . Best , Jeff
Greetings: This was reported on the news this morning . I'll see if I can retrieve anything off of our illustrious Governorn's web site . Any reports of it in Washington D.C . Thanks . Best , Jeff
Sue: FYI--I'll be on the call and am covering . You're welcome to join . Best , Jeff
Thanks , Rosalee . Best , Jeff
Jim , et al: FYI . Lots of expansion plans going on , including TW . We can discuss further on the call . Expansions generally create some level of concern from shippers due to the fact that capacity to the boarder exceeds takeaway in California . It's particularly prickly at Wheeler , through which , I'm assuming , the Kern expansion will flow . We can discuss further on the call . Best , Jeff
Thank you very much . Jeff
Given everything that we've got on our plate , and the relative priority of the affiliate issue , and the fact that ARM and Wild Goose are involved , I would propose that we take a pass on this one . Thoughts ? Best , Jeff
It's a love fest ! How goes it ?
Steve: Based on the note from Rosalee , and if you agree , I'm going to assign low priority to the issue . Jeff
FYI . Silicon Manufacturer Group's comments on interruptible rates , etc .
greetings . could you please call me at 415.782.7822 . thanks . Jeff
Prior to the UC/CSU blow-up , I would have said yes . Now my inclination is to lay low . But there may be other good reasons for getting out there . I just can't think of any... . Best , Jeff
Yes .
Apologies , if I had your phone number , I'd have called you . I'm tied up for the next hour or so . If you give me your number , I can call you . Best , Jeff
Jim: I'm assuming that I'll participate by phone in the meeting with Vicki and by phone in the meeting with Dave . That right ? Best , Jeff
can't wait to see the headlines: "congressman has hitman kill pregnant girlfriend , but supreme court ruling will allow him to vote on big budget bill this sunday anyway!"
Ain't got one . Please call Scott Govenar at 916.448.8240 for info .
Greetings folks: Great to see you ( missed you , Donald ) in Houston . Pleasesee attached . This guy's been after me for some time . I finally spoke withim and told him that I'd pass it along . I don't know who ( if anyone ) in Eis interested in OSS---I can't recall if it's a component of our architecture , or not . If there is someone who might be interested , could yforward this along ? They can choose to follow up , or not . Hope all is weland hope to see you again very soon . Best , Jeff
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE GOVERNOR DAVIS UNVEILS 20/20 ENERGY REBATE PROGRAM FOR SUMMER 2001 California ratepayers will receive a 20 percent rebate on their summer electric bill if they cut back their electricity use by 20 percent over lassummer's levels under a new initiative unveiled by Governor Davis today . The "20/20" program , created by the Governor under executive order , is designed to help the state avoid the likelihood of blackouts this summer anreward consumers who significantly conserve energy . In addition , it couldsave the state up to $1.3 billion in power costs by reducing the amount ofelectricity the state must buy during expensive summer peak periods . ? =14 ? AThis program helps us take control of our own energy destiny,?=14 ? =0F_ Governor Davis said . ? =14 ? AWe will save money and reduce costs to consumers . Theprogram will save up to 2,200 megawatts during the summer peak period . That?=14 ? vs power the state won?=14 ? vt have to purchase . Instead of paying exorbitant rates to out-of-state generators , I?=14 ? vd rather pay Califoconsumers to conserve.?=14 ? =0F_ The voluntary program is designed to cover all households and businesses inCalifornia . Under the Governor?=14 ? vs plan , customers will receive a 20 percent rebate on Summer 2001 bills if they achieve 20 percent or greater reductionin electricity consumption between June and September versus last year . Residential and small commercial rebates will be based on 20 percent reduction of total consumption , while commercial and industrial customer rebates will be basedon 20 percent reduction of peak load . Rebates will be issued at the end of the June-September period . The 20/20 program for Summer 2001 is a major component of Governor Davis?comprehensive energy efficiency and demand reduction program . Since JanuaryGovernor Davis has instituted conservation measures to help Californians conserve energy , including: Directing more than $800 million for programs to improve conservation andefficiency . Implementing aggressive conservation measures in state buildings , resultingin about 200 MW of savings during energy emergencies . Developing a comprehensive outreach and education campaign to reach businesses , organizations , and millions of California consumers . Partnering with other governmental entities , including school districts toensure that all 475 cities , 58 counties , and 8,300 schools in California reduce consumption . Adopting the strongest energy efficiency standards in the world for residential and non-residential buildings and appliances . Incorporating energy efficient , sustainable building designs in new statebuilding projects . Issuing 15 Governor's Executive Orders on energy . FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE CALIFORNIA RECEIVES FIRST PEAKER POWER PLANT PROPOSALS Governor Gray Davis announced that the first two proposals for power plantsto provide electricity at peak use times this summer have been received bythe California Energy Commission . "We are doing everything we can to greatly streamline the time it takes toget new generation up and running this summer," Governor Davis said . "Thesenew peaker proposals are examples of our determination to meet California'senergy challenge." A 90-megawatt plant called the Larkspur Energy Facility would be located inthe Otay Mesa area of the City of San Diego , at the corner of Harvest Roadand Otay Mesa Road . The second proposal is for the Indigo Energy Facility , a 135-megawatt plantthat would be located near an existing wind generating facility in the Cityof Palm Springs in Riverside County . The project is north of Interstate 10,on 19th Avenue , east of North Indian Avenue . Both projects use natural gas-fueled simple-cycle turbine generators equippwith state of the art air pollution control features . They are being proposby Wildflower Energy LP , a Houston , Texas-based company . The two projects are part of the Independent System Operator's reliability generation agreementsplanned to come on-line this summer . On February 8 , 2001 , Governor Davis directed the Energy Commission to use its emergency power plant permitting authority to permit new peaking and renewable power plants that can be on-line by July 31 , 2001 . The emergencypermitting authority extended to peaker projects that have ISO contracts anhave not begun the licensing process with the local jurisdictions . Peakerpower plants are simple cycle generators that can be constructed in a relatively small area and can readily connect to the existing electricitytransmission and natural gas system . The Energy Commission review of the proposed projects will include site tours and informational hearings in both local areas . Both applications are currently under review by Energy Commission staff for data adequacy . Oncethey are accepted as data adequate , the Energy Commission plans to expeditethe licensing process under its emergency process to approve projects in assoon as 21 days . Provisions of the California Environmental Quality Act do not apply to emergency power plant projects .
Hi TJ . I forgot to request that last week's class be video-ed and I was wondering if someone else requested a video-taping . It was for Tasker's ( E221? ) class that meets on Thursdays . Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
If you're referring to the conversation we had on today's call , it's actually a bill by Dede Alpert ( sp? ) that , if signed by the Governor , would cause demand to go up . Were you referring to that or something more general ? Best , Jeff
Greetings: Sounds like I'm glad that I missed the quiz last week . Hate to be a nag , but we've got to turn in what we're doing for our project on Thursday . I propose doing a nice , clean merger , which would allow us to do both comparative analysis ( who are these companies? ) and merger/valuation analysis . Mark and I talked last night and I pleaded again not to do strict accounting stuff , but if that's what folks would like to do , I can certainly suck it up . Any thoughts ? Best , Jeff
absolutely NO need to be sorry , my dear .
Kristen: My edits to the declaration . Best , Jeff
Apologies . This is the correct version . Best , Jeff
Soda Springs used to be a ski place ( on the summit) . Hopefully , there's still something there ( but with these conditions , could be very Spring-ee) .
unavailable between 8 am and 1030 am and 1130 and 1230 . otherwise ok . best ,
Chris: Did you find out who the folks are from Navigant working on the contracts ? Best , Jeff
Margaret: Congratulations . Sounds very exciting . You will be sorely , sorely missed . Your family's ( immense ) gain is Enron's loss . It's been an incredible pleasure working with you . Best , Jeff
I'll be there . Thanks .
We'll do our best . It'll be that much tougher w/out your help . Go to Giverny and paint some flower gardens for me . Best , Jeff
Could be a move to create some negotiating leverage to persuade suppliers to take a haircut on the utilities undercollection .
I'm having the same problem . She states on the izio site that that the cases are in the reader . they ain't . if anyone has them and could fax them to me at 415.782.7854 , would be greatly appreciated . Best , Jeff Also , I like both ideas--Anil's and Mark's . I think that we could discuss at break and write it up then and turn in at beginning of second half of class . I'd lean a bit toward the Amazon suggestion , but could go either way .
ok wiseguy , what the hell is an npvcd ( why do i have the sinking feeling that i'll be sorry that i asked?) .
what specifically are you referring to ? could you call me ? i'm supposed to finalize , like now . thanks .
Shoulda known . Congratulations . Thanks . Best , Jeff
Kirsten: I've made two small changes . Moved the last sentence in paragraph 5 to the second sentence in paragraph 6 . I think it makes more sense there . I've modified the last sentence in paragraph 10 to be what I think is a more accurate statement . It now reads: "It could instead prohibit further direct access arrangements as of the issuance of the order , when and if that occurs , or as of some other unspecified date in the future . " Let me know if you're comfortable with these changes and I'll print out the last page , sign and fax to your SF office . Best , Jeff
thanks . did she hand out the second reader last thursday ?
FYI . As part of our defense against the UC/CSU suit , I've been asked to provide a declaration . The gist of the declaration is that the future of Direct Access in California is very uncertain . Best , Jeff
FYI . In a letter to the California Legislature , the independent California Legislative Analyst is predicting significant shortages for this summer in excess of those predicted by the governor and the Cal Energy Commission .
FYI .
My comments on Bob's memo . Best , Jeff
Visionary's one thing , but , oy , the talent . Talk about the talent !
oops , no attachment .
thanks very much , counselor , for you advice on the ( stinking ) declaration . I modified that last sentence to be much more general ( and , arguably , accurate) . much appreciated . Best , Jeff
thanks . no problem .
We can discuss and decide over the break . Best , Jeff
Vicki: I'll assume that for the meeting tomorrow , you folks will call me at my office number--415.782.7822 . Best , Jeff
Steve: Jim mentioned that Ken Lay was trying to talk to Glynn today about getting the PX credit issue resolved . Any progress made ? Best , Jeff
See update on SBX47 , below .
FYI .
That's the right story . Only thing I'd be prepared for is the following , "OK , Mr . Belden , California's stupid , they did it wrong , and your company told them so right at the outset . Does that give you the right to rob California's consumers and businesses blind?" Regarding the story with Peace quoted saying "we exported our stranded costs out of state." I recall seeing that story on several occasions . Karen , do we have someone who can do a search ( lexis/nexis ) and find those articles ? Shouldn't be too tough . Best , Jeff
you better be at home and not in the office . you are very smooth . to wit , "tim you could get some pointed questions....." god bless you . Best , Jeff
FYI .
Hi Katie: Thought IEP folks might be interested . Best , Jeff Wednesday March 14 , 12:22 pm Eastern Time US Senate rejects California utility bankruptcy measure By Patrick Connole WASHINGTON , March 14 ( Reuters ) - The U.S . Senate on Wednesday rejected a bid to force California utility companies to repay power generators for electricity they bought under a federal government sales order , even if utilities go bankrupt . In a motion on the Senate floor , lawmakers killed an amendment to a broader bankruptcy reform bill that opponents said was a dangerous proposal that would have opened the door to involuntary bankruptcy filings by troubled California utilities . The utilities in question are PG&E Corp.'s ( NYSE:PCG - news ) Pacific Gas & Electric and Edison International's ( NYSE:EIX - news ) Southern California Edison . The amendment was sponsored by Oregon Democrat Sen . Ron Wyden , Montana Democrat Sen . Max Baucus and Oregon Republican Sen . Gordon Smith . Proponents said the measure would have protected the customers of the federally-owned Bonneville Power Administration and other Northwest utilities from unfair rate increases due to the California energy crisis . ``I don't think it's fair for consumers in other Western states to get caught holding the bag if California utilities take our power and then run into bankruptcy court to avoid their debts,'' Wyden said . ``The Northwest has been more than a good neighbor to California during this crisis,'' he said . Interestingly , the California Senate delegation was split on the matter . Democrat Dianne Feinstein opposed the amendment , while fellow Democrat Barbara Boxer supported it . Feinstein called the proposal a ``dangerous amendment'' that would create two classes of creditors and ``probably force an involuntary bankruptcy.'' The broader bankruptcy reform bill is expected to be approved by the Senate by the end of the week . Separately , talks between California and its three investor owned utilities on a deal under which the state might buy their transmission assets continued this week with no deal in sight . The state is negotiating with PG&E and Edison , along with Sempra Energy ( NYSE:SRE - news ) unit San Diego Gas and Electric . The deals are aimed mainly at pumping money into PG&E and SoCal Edison to keep them out of bankruptcy after they recorded about $13 billion in red ink since last spring , paying sky-high prices for power in the wholesale market . PG&E and SoCal Edison , under the terms of the state's disastrous experiment with market deregulation , have been able to pass on to their retail customers only a fraction of their power purchase costs .
thanks . it's too complicated for such a simple mind . i'm gonna take a pass . how's things ?
Jennifer: I'm on a call with Delainey that just got convened , which means that I might be delayed till 11:45 . Unfortunately , Harry's on vacation . I'll call in just as soon as I get done with Delainey . Also , I was on a call with Eric yesterday , during which I went over the S.D . legislation , so he should be fairly up to speed . I'll get on just as soon as I can . Best , Jeff
if i try to think about one more thing , my head will explode .
cute .
FYI . There is a great catalogue of the legislation currently pending attached as an appendix to the leg analyst report that I distributed yesterday . Best , Jeff
Well done . One other point: If the PUC rules on the 27th that the rate freeze is not going to end retroactively , that should put Ken Lay in a much stronger position to negotiate with Glynn on reaching a deal on payment . Best , Jeff
Nokia Expects to Meet Earnings Forecast Despite Lowered Sales , Industry Outlook Dow Jones Newswires HELSINKI , Finland -- Despite market conditions that have cut into its sales growth , Nokia Corp . said Thursday that it expects to meet its earnings target for the first quarter of 2001 , thanks to better-than-anticipated profit margins . Nokia estimates it is likely to earn 19 European cents a share in the first quarter , in line with estimates it provided in January . Nokia's shares received a boost from the statement , rising 2.60 euros , or 11% , to 27.15 euros in early-afternoon trading in Helsinki . In midday trading in the U.S. , shares of Nokia were up $3.20 , or 15% , to $25 on the New York Stock Exchange . The company said it expects year-on-year sales growth in its networks division during the first quarter to be 30% to 35% , and 15% to 20% in the mobile-handsets division . Total sales growth is expected to be around 20% , the company said . That is lower than the 25% to 30% sales growth the company forecast in January , when it released full-year results for 2000 . The company said it has had to confront "difficult market conditions," particularly in the U.S . "We feel confident about our strengths and our performance during the early months of the year," Nokia Chairman and Chief Executive Jorma Ollila said . "Despite the more difficult market conditions , we have been able to show good progress . We expect to see solid growth for the first quarter as a whole , with better-than-anticipated margins." As a result of the tougher conditions , Nokia said it now expects global handset sales for 2001 to be between 450 million and 500 million units . It had previously forecast a range of 500 million to 550 million units , saying sales near the bottom end were more likely . 1Motorola Announces More Job Cuts In Wireless-Phone Handset Business ( March 2Ericsson Issues Profit Warning Amid Sagging Economy , Sales ( March 13 ) 3Ericsson to Outsource Handset Sector to Stem Losses in Consumer Goods ( Jan . Just last year , manufacturers were expected to sell about 650 million cellphones world-wide in 2001 , but the industry is slumping as many consumers delay buying or upgrading their phones . Nokia's statement comes three days after Swedish rival Telefon AB L.M . Ericsson warned that it expected a substantial loss in the first quarter because of slowdowns in both its handset and networks businesses . And Motorola Inc . of the U.S . said Tuesday that it will slash 7,000 jobs in its cellphone- and pager-manufacturing business , and will take a still-unspecified charge against first- and second-quarter earnings . Including the latest cuts , Motorola has set plans to eliminate 18,000 jobs since December , or 12% of its 147,000-member work force . Ericsson , meanwhile , has taken the unusual step of deciding to outsource its entire phone production to a third party -- a major retreat by a company once famous for manufacturing the most-sophisticated cellular phones in the world . Nokia said it has reacted to the changing market conditions by accelerating programs to improve efficiency and cut costs , but it didn't provide details . The company also said it has widened its market share in the handset market above the 32% it achieved in 2000 . And it said its own stock levels , as well as the stock levels of Nokia phones already shipped to stores , are lower than at the end of 2000 . "More challenging times like these test your mettle as a company," Mr . Ollila said . "We believe that truly great companies emerge from challenging times much stronger." The company said it would comment further on its performance on April 20 , when it releases first-quarter results . URL for this Article: Hyperlinks in this Article:
you need to have a chat with ken .
David: Thanks so much . I'd almost given up hope . I will be distributing the proposal immediately and attempting to garner support industry-wide , across the nation . Can't make any promises of support , but will be working hard to try to bring people together . I'll be in touch soon . Don't hesitate to contact me to discuss it further . 415.782.7822 . Best , Jeff
Thanks . Lamentably , they don't have a plan . In fact SoCalGas is saying , "No problems."
The only place wackier than CA is OR . Janel Guerrero To: Mark Palmer/Corp/Enron@ENRON , Karen Denne/Corp/Enron@ENRON , Paul cc: Subject: Senators Dianne Feinstein and Gordon Smith Announce Partnership in Response to the Western Energy Crisis
Hey , Calger told me that Skilling said that the PGE/Sierra deals pretty much kapoot . Does that mean that you're finally freed from that hairball ?
FYI . Also see proposals regarding gas . Best , Jeff
do we really not know who is speaking on our behalf at the event in LA ?
probably Dave Parquet........................(kidding ! if we can't laugh , what do we have left , by god. )
Greetings: Recall that about 3 weeks we got a call from a CA PUC staffer asking whether we'd switched a particular gas customer ( or two ) back to the LDC . We looked into it and discovered that we'd mistakenly switched the customer back due to a mix up about the fact that the customer had two active meters behind two different utilities . We informed the PUC staffer of the mix-up and explained that the situation would be resolved . The questions from the staffer arose because the CA PUC made a bad decision a couple of months ago . When gas prices ran up at the California border a lot of large ( "noncore" ) customers attempted to switch back to the utility tariff in the hope of lowering gas costs . In response , SoCalGas filed with the Commission asking the PUC to prohibit customers from switching back . The Commission agreed and put the prohibition in place . The Commission is now concerned that if suppliers terminate their contracts with customers ( for whatever reason) , or choose not to renew the contracts when they expire , customers won't have the option of returning to LDC service . Today , I received a letter from the President of the Commission asking me to respond to the following: Have you "stopped selling and delivering natural gas to any non-core customers with whom you have an existing procurement contract , or...notified any of your non-core customers that you do not intend to renew an existing natural gas commodity procurement contract . If your company has stopped or intends to stop serving non-core customers , the CPUC also needs to know how many contracts you have terminated or expect to terminate the natural gas volumes involved the location of the non-core customer(s ) the reason(s ) your company intends or has already acted to terminate those contracts." There's a good chance that the letter from the President of the Commission is linked to the fact that we've recently switched our electricity customers back to utility service in California . Prior to deciding whether and how to respond to the Commissioner , I'm trying to get handle on whether we're re-sourcing any gas retail customers to the utility prior to expiration , choosing not to renew contracts once they've expired , etc . Catherine , or Jim Foster , can you help out ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
don't sell just yet .
FYI . Bill Gang of EES Federal Solutions has been working actively with the Air Force in California . I've participated in weekly calls with them in the effort to get them energized about DA . Turns out they're precluded by law from lobbying . But they seem to have other ways of being influential . I've put Scott Govenar in contact with them and he's keeping them in the DA Coalition loop . Bill/Scott is this guy familiar to you ? Bill any suggestions on how we might best target them in our efforts to get groups energized ? Bill: Perhaps you could phone Janel Guerrero directly to discuss ? Her number is: 713.853.9104 ( is that right Janel) ? Best , Jeff
This is great info and very helpful . Thanks a million . I'll likely be getting back to you . Best , Jeff
Greetings: Sorry to bother you with this , but please see notes below . I need to find out who I can contact to get information on our noncore accounts . I'm assuming that you might know whom that would be . Thanks a million . Hope all's well . Best , Jeff
I'm assuming that since it's the middle of March , that it's only fair that he should get paid for services rendered in January , but maybe I'm missing something .
Thanks very much for your help . Best , Jeff
Great points . Teece---and the lion's share of the folks on the participants list---are advocates of a minimalist role for government , particularly where markets are a clear and preferably option , as in the case of electricity . That said , I think we're going to have to make a fundamental decision about what the goal of this "study" would be , which will determine , to a large degree , whether we choose to pursue it . I'll throw out for comment the notion that the study should be designed to serve one purpose: to influence the policy decision currently under debate "To de-regulate or not." As such , I wouldn't see issues like "PJM or APX" or "competitive default supplier or not," or "divest generation with vesting contracts or retain the assets" being the focus . That debate over critically important implementation details , would seem to come in "Round 2," once the initial debate over "deregulate or not" is won . To try to do both , i.e. , resolve in the broad policy issue AND make the case for the specific , "right" implementation plan , would arguably bog the study down , perhaps interminably . And it seems that time is of the essence in the current environment . In addition , unless the fundamental policy issue is won--and won rather quickly--debating implementation may be moot . Of course , it will be impossible to avoid some level of dicussion on "how to do it," but that would not be the emphasis . In sum , I'd suggest for comment that it only makes sense to proceed---particularly since time is of the essence---if we focus on the high level policy level question of "to deregulate or not," and address implementation in a second , or follow up , study . I think we should try to make a call on this swiftly , since the "go/no go" decision would seem to flow from resolution of this issue . Best , Jeff
Do we know what case this request has been made in and if we're one of the 5 listed ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
State's Power Purchases Costlier Than Projected Tab is $6 million a day over Davis' requests Lynda Gledhill , Chronicle Sacramento Bureau Friday , March 16 , 2001 , 2001 San Francisco Chronicle Sacramento -- California has spent about $6 million more a day buying electrical power than originally projected , according to a confidential document obtained yesterday by The Chronicle . State power buyers spent $2.7 billion between Jan . 17 and March 11 , averaging $49 million a day . That amounts to about $6 million a day more than lawmakers figured using Gov . Gray Davis' appropriations requests . The confidential document was prepared by the Department of Water Resources , which purchases power on behalf of the state . It was handed to a group of lawmakers in a subcommittee hearing Wednesday by Water Resources Director Tom To the public , the document presents the first day-by-day look at how much California is spending on power purchases . Although the document shows more money being spent than originally believed , it didn't startle any of the handful of senators and Assembly members who saw it . "I don't think it was a surprise," said Assemblyman Dick Dickerson , R- Redding . Although the state is supposed to recoup the money spent on electricity , analysts and lawmakers say the open spigot on the state's treasury could jeopardize the state budget and fiscal well-being in the short and long term . For example , the state's power spending could jeopardize new education programs and transportation projects . The nonpartisan Legislative Analyst warned last month that lawmakers shouldn't count on all the new projects in Davis' proposed budget . Also , California has already been placed on a watch list by several credit rating firms , because of the deep debt that could be incurred in helping the utilities become financially stable . The watch list typically precedes a credit rating drop , which would cause the state's interest on bonds and loans to rise . "This ( power purchasing ) has a dampening effect," said Jean Ross , executive director of the California Budget Project , an independent policy group that tracks state spending . "Nobody knows where the economy is going , and how the energy crisis will affect it , so no one will know what the revenues will look like in the future." The biggest day of power buying happened on Feb . 16 when the state spent nearly $81 million for electricity , or $435 per megawatt hour . The smallest day was March 10 when the state buyers spent $40 million , or $219 per megawatt hour . Michael Worm , an analyst with the investment firm Gerald Klauer Mattison & Co. , said what the state paid was in line with current energy prices . "That's where energy prices more or less have been for quite some time," he said . "Of course , they are dramatically higher than they used to be." The governor's office has refused to release information on how much the state has spent , said Steve Maviglio , Davis' spokesman . Maviglio said if generators found out how much the state spent the day before , they could force up the price the next day . But Assemblyman Tony Strickland , R-Thousand Oaks , said the public had a right to know how its money way being spent . "People need to know exactly what it is costing to keep the lights on," he said . "We want to know the whole story -- not just pieces." Strickland , along with media organizations including The Chronicle , have filed public records act requests to obtain information on how much the state has spent , along with the details of long-term power contracts signed by Davis . The original bill that authorized the state to purchase power appropriated only $500 million , but allowed the governor to use up to $10 billion if needed for power purchases by notifying lawmakers . The governor's office has sent five letters since Feb . 5 to lawmakers notifying them that additional money was needed . Based on these letters , which in total have requested an additional $2.5 billion , the news media and lawmakers estimated that the state was spending $43 million a day -- $6 million less than the actual costs shown on the Water Resources document . Since the state began purchasing electricity , the health of its budget has become dependent on a variety of things to come , making it as fragile as a house of cards . The money spent on power is taken from the state's general fund and is supposed to be returned through the issuance of state bonds . The bonds will be paid for with a portion of the rates that utility customers pay every month . Tell Us What You Think Can you save 20 percent on your energy usage ? Gov . Gray Davis is offering rebates for Californians who save on power starting in June , and if you've got a strategy for conserving , The Chronicle wants to hear it . Contact the Energy Desk , San Francisco Chronicle , 901 Mission St. , San Francisco , CA 94103; or e- mail energysaver@sfchronicle.com . E-mail Lynda Gledhill at lgledhill@sfchronicle.com . Paying for Power These charts show what the state spent for electricity on the spot market and the average price paid . For the time frame of Jan . 17 through Feb . 14 , only periodic totals and averages were given . Period Amount spent through Jan . 18 $13,595,121 Chronicle Graphic
now that's funny . hey , we're going to tahoe . maybe if things work out , we can stop by and say hi on sunday on the way back , if we get back early enough .
Seems like something we'd want to wallpaper the halls of the state capitol with . Best , Jeff
that was from yesterday's call-----he can get down right surreal on the calls sometime . just an observation . surreally yours ,
Figured you had it in hand .
boy , you sure know how to entice !
Apologies . Didn't have access to my computer and didn't see the note . Steffes filled me in . If there's anything you need , don't hesitate . Best , Jeff
FYI .
FYI . Info regarding conversations between Ken Lay and Bob Glynn ( CEO of PG&E Corp ) regarding payment by PG&E to us of the negative CTC credit . Best , Jeff
Hi Dale: Please call me to discuss your question . ( 415.782.7822 ) Customers could try to "bypass" the utility , but until Dec . '95 ( PUC final policy decision ) and AB 1890 , it was against the law to have direct access , so you may be misinterpreting the yellow book just a bit . There were other forms of "bypass" at that time , but DA as we think of it today was illegal . Give me a call and we can try to clear things up ( specific references to where in the YB you're getting this impression will be helpful) . Glad to talk to you on Friday and be happy to talk more if you have any other questions , or desire any follow up . Best , Jeff
Agreed .
thank you very much for dinner last nite . really nice of you . it was delicious and sorry that we were a little obnoxious--that's what 5 hours in the car will do to you . great to see you guys . really something about eldon's solo . would have liked to see it . plz make sure that he tells about it next time . and don't worry , we'll get the luggage thing worked out . why don't you and i do the planning on that one . what's the chance of you dropping of the "community bag," or the wine box with me on Friday nite and i can just check it in as mine ? best ,
you bet .
FYI . Go Leslie ! Best , Jeff
thanks alot for the help . best , Jeff
I meant sunday nite .
will do . you on this big distribution list ?
oh man , that's bad . we'll you're on the list now .
FYI .
Please call when you get a chance--415.782.7822 . pager = 888.916.7184 . Best , Jeff
Thanks , Scott . Scott/Hedy/Sandi/Bev: Erik Letke heads up the retail marketing effort underway in San Diego . Marty Sunde wants Alpert to have an EES commercial contact that she can talk to in the event she has further questions , etc. , He'd like Erki to be the contact person . Erik could you copy your vitals ( title , contact info ) to Scott and Hedy Govenar and Sandi McCubbin so they can forward along to Alpert ? Erik , seems that it would be useful if the customer letters to Alpert could make the following points ( folks please weigh in and add/subtract/modify if needed): The customer's glad to have had the option to take Direct Access service from Enron because having the opportunity to take advantage of the offer has made the customer better off . Direct Access is an extremely important option that customers need , want and should have going forward . Any "solution" that the Legislature comes up with must therefore include the continuation of Direct Access for all customers . As such , the Legislature should immediately fix AB 1X to make sure that Direct Access remains a permanent fixture of California's energy strategy . Direct Access customers should not be forced to pay for DWR's power purchase costs , since Direct Access customers aren't benefitting from those purchases . Best , Jeff
hi . been trying to call you , but you're not answering . call me at 505.6633 .
Greetings: Sent you a project proposal last Thursday on behalf of Dasovich , Guinney , Sama and Vavrek and just wanted to make sure that you received it . Could you let me know ? Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
just got word that my prof's sick , so i don't have class tonite .
Marty: Thanks for the information . Getting Eric's contact information to Alpert's office is in motion . Regarding attempt to follow-up with those who called Alpert's office to complain , I wasn't clear on that action . Likely makes sense for Eric to coordinate with Sandi to make the contact with Alpert's office . Letters are an attempt to influence Alpert to 1 ) fix the Direct Access prohibition and 2 ) ensure that DA customers don't get saddled with the DWR costs . Let me know if this approach works . Best , Jeff
Apologies . tues . in office; maybe in Sacramento in afternoon wed . maybe in Sacramento
Jim: Attached is a fairly distilled summary of the projects Enron's offered to the utilities , DWR and the ISO over the past 9-12 months , or so . With respect to the power contracts offered to the IOUs , only the offers accepted by PG&E and Edison are included---the desk doesn't keep records of offers rejected , only offers accepted . However , I'm fairly confident that I can dig deeper and get more info on the other power deals offered to Edison , PG&E and SDG&E if folks would like that information . Just let me know . Prices are included for the offers that had prices attached when submitted . Best , Jeff
Margaret: Bev Hansen will be giving the gas report to California State Assemblymembers Keith Richman and John Campbell . If there's a desire to distribute to anyone else , we'll check in first . Thanks very much for your help and thanks for clearing with CERA . Best , Jeff
FYI .
Congratulations to you both . I know how these cat-herding exercises can be . Great effort . ( And greatly appreciated from the point of view of someone living in a bunker in California. ) Best , Jeff
Is it possible to get a login ID and password to get into the CERA site ? Best , Jeff
FYI . Any thoughts Joe & Co. ? Is release from contracts an "increase supply" option ? My fear is that QFs get released and then California's "police state" mentality kicks in , enacting Exec Orders , legislation , etc . to ensure that the power from the QF facilities stays in California . Best , Jeff
But for the very minor edits attached , the letter looks fine with me . Best , Jeff
We're a client , so I'm assuming internally we have access codes for folks to use . I'm trying to get one . Worry not; I'll track it down . Thanks very much for the info . Best , Jeff
FYI . In case folks hadn't heard . "Likewise , the state is paying $25,000 through June to a Washington , D.C. , firm headed by former Sen . J . Bennett Johnston . He served as chairman of the Senate's energy committee and will advise California on dealing with federal energy regulators . " Best , Jeff
I'm here . If you'd like to de-brief on my marathon with Kasler , just give a holler . Best , Jeff
Seems to me that that's exactly what the letter is saying and represents the commitment that we've made to our customers since raising the issue of re-sourcing , i.e. , they'll pay the cost embedded in the contract , period . No more and less . I've assumed that the exposure associated with the utility-sourced electricity is substantially lower than the exposure associated with the customers remaining DA customers . Can you verify Mike Smith ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
How quaint .
Thanks very much . It needs to go to Bev . I don't have her email address , though . Can you send it to her ? Also copy Scott , Hedy and Sandi . Thanks . Jeff
Calif GOP Lawmakers Ask PUC President To Resign LOS ANGELES ( Dow Jones)--California Assembly Republicans have called for the resignation of Loretta Lynch , president of the state's Public Utilities Commission , saying they have no confidence that the state's top regulator will "play a constructive role in solving the state's energy crisis." Assembly Republican Minority Leader Bill Campbell , R-Villa Park , sent a letter Tuesday to Gov . Gray Davis on behalf of the Assembly's Republican Caucus asking Davis to call for Lynch's resignation . "With efforts to solve California's energy crisis floundering in the midst of unpaid bills , stalled negotiations and rolling blackouts , it has come time to ask for the resignation of your appointed president of the California Public Utilities Commission , Loretta Lynch," the letter said . Both Lynch and a spokesman for Davis were unavailable for comment . Lynch , a former attorney , was appointed president of the PUC by Davis in March 2000 . She is the state's top regulator , in charge of regulating utilities , telecommunications , commercial transportation and water companies . Before her appointment to the PUC , Lynch was head of Davis's office of Planning and Research . The letter says the PUC had a number of opportunities last summer to keep the electricity crisis from spiraling out of control by allowing Edison International ( EIX , news , msgs ) unit Southern California Edison , PG&E Corp . ( PCG , news , msgs ) unit Pacific Gas & Electric and Sempra Energy ( SRE , news , msgs ) unit San Diego Gas & Electric to sign long-term power supply contracts for about $50 a megawatt-hour , nearly $30 lower than the new long-term contracts Davis said the state entered into recently with generators . Lynch's failure to "ensure that the commission's Aug . 3 , 2000 , emergency order on long-term contracts was quickly implemented has placed the state budget at risk for costs now at least 40% higher," the letter said . "This hesitancy in a crisis will cost California's economy tens of billions of dollars during the next 20 years." The state has spent more than $3 billion since January buying power in the spot market . Davis has asked lawmakers for another $500 million from the general fund to continue buying power . If the $500 million is granted , the state's commitment to power purchases will surpass $4 billion . State Sen . Steve Peace , D-El Cajon , however , said last week that the Senate Budget Committee will deny further requests for funding unless the PUC carves out a revenue stream for the state's Department of Water Resources , the agency that is now buying the bulk of the state's power on behalf of the cash-strapped utilities . The PUC was expected to release guidelines last week on rates the DWR can receive from utilities to pay back the general fund and to issue revenue bonds to pay for long-term contracts . But the guidelines haven't yet been released . Last year , the PUC said the utilities could enter into limited long-term supply contracts to hedge their positions against price spikes . But the commission also said it feared if the utilities signed long-term deals with generators , liquidity in the wholesale market would be reduced . The Republican lawmakers said the commission is responsible for nearly forcing the utilities into bankruptcy . "We have no confidence that Loretta Lynch will play a constructive role in solving the energy crisis in the weeks and months ahead," the letter said . "With Wall Street nervous about repayment of the $10 billion in revenue bonds needed to cover the state's energy purchases , the CPUC has been unable to perform an adequate assessment of the investor-owned utilities' financial situation." -By Jason Leopold; Dow Jones Newswires;
Call Hedy at 916.448.8240 . Best , Jeff
Thursday and Friday at 10:30 AM . Best , Jeff
Greetings Mr . Newlywed and Ms Bride-to-be ! ( Shewt , I'm gettin' all choked up. ) I think I'll need to protest TURN's proposal . You folks aware of this ? Care ? Best , Jeff
Yes . Dan may we get copy of both Stormin' Norman's initial and TURN's response . Thanks alot . Best , Jeff
Thank you very much .
Thanks ( as usual) . Best , Jeff
Good deal . If there's anything else , just give a holler . Best , Jeff
That's a very funny note .
I think we ought to "share it" with folks . Bill Gang , do you have any objections ? Jeff
Here it is darlin' . It's an attachment to the main text of the document . If you have any questions , or need anything else . Don't hesitate . Best , Jeff
Hi David: Could you give me a call to discuss the project when you get a minute . I'm starting to move it along . Thanks . Best , Jeff
I saw a picture today , and now i know who you remind me of ! Sue Landwehr: talks like marge , looks like elle mcpherson .
Hey babe . I called you last nite re: ROI model , but only got the answering machine . Forward along to me and I'll take a peek and get back to you . How's the face doing ? When do you leave on travel ?
Thanks . Let me try to rally the troops . Get them to submit something and then maybe you and I can simply sign on . Your humble servant , Jeff
Will do . Thanks very much to you both . Best , Jeff
Professor Tasker: I have the distinct ( and sinking ) feeling that you may not be getting emails that I've sent to you , since over the last 3 weeks I've sent a few and haven't heard back . Is the haas account the correct address ? Best , Jeff
the voices of dissent have started... .
Did she respond back ? Did you respond to the Haas address ? ( Man , now I'm REALLY getting paranoid. )
you get the message class was cancelled last nite before heading over to
FYI . As part of the computer deal Enron bought me for home , I get these ads . If there's anything you want ( I think the prices are supposed to begood ) let me know . If it looks like complete crap , please let me know thattoo .
Wow . Very gorgeous , indeed .
FYI . Looks like Peace is rattling the CPUC's cage pretty well . Let me knoif you'd like to respond and we can get Jeanne Bennet to throw something together .
FYI .
Some more info on the issue from Jeanne .
I'm in the same boat . Somewhat messy . Might be useful for everyone to taka look and we can discuss tomorrow morning and determine if we want to fileand what we'd say . Best , Jeff To: Jeff Dasovich/Na/Enron@ENRON cc: Christian Yoder/HOU/ECT@ECT Subject: Re: FYI Re Rate Stabilization Hearings---Getting rates secured for I think we should respond , but I am not quite sure what we should say...Iwill read it .
We're getting a lot of inquiries about Enron's role in California's de-reg history , with a lot of misinformation arising out of Peace's handywork . I spent about 3 hours on Friday with a Sac Bee reporter ( Dale Kasler) . He'll be interviewing Skilling on the same topic in a week or so , and he'd like to talk to Steve , too . Sue spent time with a NYT reporter discussing the same . Some common themes are arising in the questions . Thought it would be a good idea to spend 30 minutes discussing those themes and developing our messages to ensure consistency . If folks think it would be useful , is there a time this week that we could squeeze in 30 minutes ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
Greetings: Saw your QF story . You were right . One never know what the "story du jour" will be . You still interested in talking to Steve Kean ? If you are , when do you talk to Skilling , and would you want to schedule something around that , or sooner ? Best , Jeff
I'll talk to Steve and get back to you . That work ?
Scott: Could you forward a copy to me and Bill ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
FYI: The City of Long Beach has now joined in the law suits . They've sued SoCalGas and El Paso claiming ( like the others who've sued ) that the two conspired to "kill competition" and drive up prices . I think that we can expect that topic to get some airtime , since the TURN's , Harvey's , UCAN's etc . of the world will likely be steering all the Democrats . I'll throw some questions together; but won't be till the end of the day . Best , Jeff
Utilities' Demand Blocks Bailout NEGOTIATIONS HIT SNAG: PG&E , Edison want end to price freeze if they sell transmission lines to state David Lazarus , Chronicle Staff Writer Wednesday , March 21 , 2001 , 2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: California's near-bankrupt utilities are demanding that higher electric rates be a part of any deal to sell the state their power lines , The Chronicle has learned . A rate increase -- perhaps of more than 50 percent , according to earlier industry estimates -- would certainly draw a firestorm of protest from consumer groups and force Gov . Gray Davis to backtrack from earlier pledges that rates would remain unchanged . Nevertheless , sources close to negotiations on the deal said Pacific Gas and Electric Co . and Southern California Edison are attempting to make higher rates a condition for agreeing to a bailout scheme in which they would sell the state their transmission systems and some land . The sources said the talks hit a new snag this week when state officials realized that fine print sought by the companies could require the Public Utilities Commission to pass along all of the utilities' costs to ratepayers . The sources said this would end a rate freeze that shields consumers from runaway wholesale electricity prices . The inclusion of potential rate increases in the talks reflects the growing complexity of a deal originally intended by Davis to stabilize the finances of PG&E and Edison so banks would resume loans to the cash-strapped utilities . The negotiations subsequently have expanded to involve a state purchase of the utilities' transmission networks and acquisition of utility-owned land , including spectacular coastal property near PG&E's Diablo Canyon nuclear power plant . Now they also have embraced further deregulation of California's dysfunctional electricity market . "Clearly , one of the terms being discussed is the regulatory environment," said Joseph Fichera , head of Saber Partners , a New York investment bank that is advising Davis in the talks . "The past situation has not worked well," he added . "The utilities want some certainty about their future." TENTATIVE DEAL WITH EDISON To date , the governor has announced a tentative agreement with Edison for the state to buy the utility's power lines for almost $3 billion . Discussions with PG&E for a similar accord have dragged on for weeks . An Edison official , asking that his name be withheld , acknowledged yesterday that an end to the rate freeze is an expected result of the power- line sale . "Once the details of the pact are complete , dominoes will fall," the official said . "One of the dominoes is the rate freeze." A PG&E spokesman declined to comment . In fact , both Edison and PG&E have been aggressively seeking an end to the rate freeze for months . The two utilities have a lawsuit pending in federal court demanding that the PUC immediately raise rates so the utilities can recover almost $13 billion in debt accrued as a result of the freeze . "They have been trying a lot of things to get the rate freeze ended in various forms," said Carl Wood , who sits on the PUC . "Adding it to the present talks is consistent with past behavior." Wall Street has taken note that the negotiations no longer appear to be making progress . Paul Patterson , an energy industry analyst at Credit Suisse First Boston , told clients on Monday that the discussions "may have lost some momentum in recent days." He did not give a reason . For his part , the governor sounded unusually cautious about the course of the talks when asked late last week if a breakthrough was imminent . SECRET STICKING POINTS "We are going to take the transmission systems and the land that's deeded , and we will work out an agreement," Davis said at an appearance in San Jose . "But there are a number of sticking points in the talks with PG&E that I'm not going to reveal." One of those sticking points apparently is an insistence that the sale of utility assets include a long-sought lifting of the rate freeze . Sources said lawyers from both PG&E and Edison had inserted the related terms into draft accords affecting each utility , and that the full impact of the additions was not realized by state officials until this week . One source said the language was just convoluted enough to slip beneath the radar screen of state negotiators . But the upshot , once the words had been parsed , was that the PUC effectively would lose control over power rates . CREDITWORTHINESS ON THE TABLE In Edison's case , the terms of the tentative deal include the governor asking the PUC "to support the creditworthiness" of the utility . "This would ensure that future investments in both utility distribution and utility generation plants are provided fair returns of and on capital , consistent with current authorized returns and capital structure provisions," it says . Sources said the provision could be interpreted as a guarantee from the state that Edison would be permitted to recoup all outstanding costs from ratepayers . "There may be some assumptions about this language that the rate freeze ends if it is adopted," the Edison official said , adding that he saw no reason to disagree with such assumptions . But Fichera , Davis' adviser in the talks , insisted that nothing is set in stone , and that the negotiations are proceeding without a hitch . "This is a very complex transaction," he said . "God and the devil are in the details." E-mail David Lazarus at dlazarus@sfchronicle.com .
Check out the poll at this URL regarding how folks feel about rate increases . Best , Jeff
PUC considers rewarding producers that sign long-term contracts Greg Lucas , Lynda Gledhill , Chronicle Sacramento Bureau Wednesday , March 21 , 2001 , 2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: Sacramento -- Some cash-strapped producers of wind , solar and other alternative forms of energy will get long-delayed financial relief under a proposed order by state regulators , Gov . Gray Davis said yesterday evening . A proposed order by the Public Utilities Commission is designed to reward energy producers who sign long-term contracts with utilities at lower rates . Alternative energy producers that voluntarily enter such contracts , which would start on April 1 , would be paid within 15 days , said Davis , who requested the order . Those that do not would have to wait until the utilities that buy their power return to solvency . Davis blasted Pacific Gas & Electric Co . and Southern California Edison for not paying the alternative generators -- know as qualified facilities , or "QFs" -- even though the companies have been collecting money through rates . "It is wrong and irresponsible of the utilities to pocket and withhold the money designed to compensate the QFs," Davis said . "It's immoral and has to stop." Alternative producers -- ranging from massive co-generation facilities at oil refineries to tiny biomass plants -- produce about a third of the state's supply of electricity . But many are shutting down because utilities have not paid them since November . The loss of some 3,000 megawatts from tapped-out alternative energy producers contributed to the blackouts that snarled California yesterday and Monday , according to the Independent System Operator , which manages the state's power grid . The PUC's proposed order -- which will be considered at the board's Tuesday meeting -- offers the generators a choice of agreeing to a five-year contract at $79 per megawatt or a 10-year deal at $69 per megawatt , Davis said . The order does not address the more than $1 billion already owed to the more than 600 alternative energy producers around the state . Davis said to favor one creditor over another in past debt could bring on bankruptcy proceedings from other creditors . The Legislature would also need to act to make the order work . "It is critical to keep these facilities up and online," said Sen . Debra Bowen , D-Marina del Ray , who estimates that Edison has $1.5 billion in cash on hand , and PG&E $2.5 billion . "The utilities owe it to the people of the state to pay them." Edison said yesterday that it opposed any attempt to place alternative producers ahead of their other creditors . But Tom Higgins , a senior vice president for Edison International , which owes alternative producers some $835 million , said his company was talking to the governor's office about possible payment structures . Alternative energy producers , particularly those that use high-priced natural gas to fire their generators , say that without an immediate infusion of cash they must close their plants . "We've been obsessed with the health of the utilities and ( have ) forgotten the health of everyone else," said V . John White , legislative director of the Clean Power Campaign , which lobbies for alternative energy producers . CalEnergy Operating Corp. , which operates eight geothermal plants in the Imperial Valley producing 268 megawatt hours for Edison has sued the utility asking to be paid and to be temporarily released from their contract with Edison which has paid them nothing since November . CalEnergy has a court hearing tomorrow on its Edison contract . Edison owes the company $75 million , and the debt increases by $1 million a day . "We've lived up to our end of the bargain but Edison hasn't . We're now not in a position to make a property tax payment on April 10 and we're the largest employer in the county," said Vince Signorotti , CalEnergy's property manager . Unlike Edison , PG&E is paying its creditors 15 cents on the dollar . "We have offered over the past five days to prepay for future power not yet delivered to keep as many of them operating as possible , but the state needs to decide how its going to divvy up the limited money under the frozen rates," said John Nelson , a PG&E spokesman . The PUC's sudden attempt to recast the rates paid to alternative generators comes after several months of inaction , partly a result of waiting for legislative negotiations on the issue to conclude . Those negotiations eventually failed to move forward . E-mail Greg Lucas at glucas@sfchronicle.com and Lynda Gledhill at
California governor blames utilities for blackouts By JENNIFER COLEMAN , Associated Press Gov . Gray Davis said the state's two largest utilities are partly to blame for this week's widespread blackouts because they failed to pay millions of dollars owed to environmentally friendly power generators . Davis said the utilities took money from customers while failing to pay the alternative plants , which use renewable forms of energy like steam and natural gas to generate electricity . The state has been spending about $45 million a day since January to buy power for customers of Southern California Edison and Pacific Gas and Electric Co. , which are so credit-poor that suppliers refuse to sell to them . "It's wrong and irresponsible of the utilities to pocket this money and not pay the generators," the governor said at a Capitol news conference Tuesday . "They've acted irresponsibly and immorally and it has to stop." The state lost about 3,100 megawatts , or enough electricity to power 3.1 million homes , on Tuesday from alternative energy plants that say they can't afford to keep operating because the utilities haven't paid their bills in weeks . Davis said the PUC planned to issue an order next week directing the utilities to pre-pay future bills to the alternative plants . PG&E called Gray's statements "inappropriate and unjustified," adding that it was negotiating a payment plan with the suppliers . Edison said it is intent on paying creditors and working with the Public Utilities Commission to pay the plants for future power sales . Edison and PG&E say they have lost more than $13 billion since last June to climbing wholesale electricity prices , which the state's 1996 deregulation law prevents them from passing on to ratepayers . Keepers of the state's power grid were cautiously optimistic that California might get through Wednesday without another day of rolling blackouts after two idle plants were returned to service . "Never say never - but it appears we are going to be in better shape tomorrow ( Wednesday ) and for the rest of the week," said Patrick Dorinson , a spokesman for the California Independent System Operator , which oversees most of the state's power grid . About a half-million customers were hit by Tuesday's blackouts , which snarled traffic and plunged schools and businesses into darkness from San Diego to the Oregon border . On Tuesday , Assembly Republican leader Bill Campbell called on PUC President Loretty Lunch to resign . Lynch was appointed by Davis . Lynch couldn't be reached for comment , but a spokesman for the governor dismissed Campbell's complaints . Meanwhile , a leading lawmaker on energy issues said the PUC may soon have to raise rates by about 15 percent to cover the state's costs and its utilities' bills . "My sense is that people will appreciate having some certainty and being able to plan for it," said Assemblyman Fred Keeley . "They don't have to like it , but I think they'll appreciate it." Davis has said he is confident the utilities and the state can pay their bills without further rate increases . In the meantime , the ISO is counting on conservation to avoid more rolling blackouts . Dorinson estimated that conservation accounted for about 900 megawatts in savings during Tuesday's peak usage . "That probably was the difference today in helping us avoid any rolling blackouts late into the evening," Dorinson said . Tuesday's outages began at 9:30 a.m . and continued in 90-minute waves until about 2 p.m. , when the ISO lifted its blackout order . They were blamed for at least one serious traffic accident . The blackouts were caused by a combination of problems , including unseasonably warm weather , reduced electricity imports from the Pacific Northwest , numerous power plants being shut down for repairs and the loss of power from alternative generators .
Mike: Here are my comments . Apologies for the fact that they are quick and dirty . All Enron's public statements that I have read , including , I think , statements made to financial analysts , state that our exposure in California is not "material." Dennis' declaration says that the situation in California has been a "financial disaster," that "Enron has lost over $300 million," and that "Enron stands to lose millions more." The losses are described as "huge." Perhaps this is information that has since been communicated to the market , but I'm not aware of it . And if it hasn't , it could represent a significant conflict with previous statements . Seems prudent to run this by IR and perhaps others before releasing . Regarding the statements about our hedging strategy . It would seem prudent to run this through the organization for comment and discussion prior to making public . Very minor technical point--I don't think that AB 1890 was passed "unanimously." I think that there was 1 nay vote . The statement is made that "the utilities were required to sell off most of their generating capacity." The utilities were only required to sell off 1/2 of their fossil-fired plants ( which I think at the time may have amounted to about . 2-.25 of their total gen assets) . They chose voluntarily to sell of the remainder of their fossil-fired plants . It is stated that stranded costs are "investments in imprudent power generation facilities." These investments were in fact found in the past to be prudent by the PUC . Would therefore not seem accurate to call them imprudent now . Is it now "virtually impossible to manage commodity risk" in California ? Just wondering if judge might view the statement as overstating the situation somewhat . From a PR perspective , I'm wondering if we want to characterize re-sourcing UC/CSU in the following manner , "It was actually a relatively easy decision to make." Makes Enron sound perhaps excessively hard-nosed . Best , Jeff
I have but one life to give for my industry... . Please see my comments on Dennis' declaration---got some serious concerns . Can you give me a ring when you get a minute 415.782.7822 ? Thanks . Jeff
I'm available . I have another call at 10 AM PST . Jeff
when are comments due ?
I think that it's a good idea . The only red flag is the perception of marketers being in the same room together . However , from my perspective , though it's a significant concern , it's one that can be addressed . I would suggest running the notion by Sanders and Yoder to get their take . Best , Jeff
chapter five but i can't remember the name of the case "home manufacturers"? , or some such thing . Have you checked the web site for the questions ?
Hi Professor: Could you let me know if you receive this ? I've been sending you emails lately and , having gotten no response , am concerned about whether there's some sort of problem on my end , your end , or both . Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
Class on Thursday . Something that we can talk about in Mexico ? I'm here .
Yes , we'll be talking about ROI , too . I'll let Karen know . Figure that she'll likely bring a couple of people . Mind if I ask Trish and John ?
I agree with Pat's suggestions . Thanks very much for the great work , Jeanne , particularly given the short notice . Best , Jeff
yes , that's the assignment . i don't have the questions with me to fax ( or the case) . questions might be on the website ?
FYI . Just got a call from someone inside McKenzie & Co. . Seems the good Governor has figured out that the gas industry is a problem and want to talk to me about it . I'm scheduled to talk to them by phone Friday at 1:30 . I called Kari Dohn to try to find out more . She told me that they've figured out that the gas industry is a mess , that "McKenzie gets it," and she asked to tell it like it is . Seems useful to get our view across to them . The name of the person from McKenzie that will be on the call with the Davis folks on Friday is Daniel Poller . Thoughts ? Best , Jeff
FYI . We've been given permission to distribute , but no "on behalf of" the Air Force . Best , Jeff
See highlighted portion . We should throw this back at Davis next time he points the finger .
They must have realized that Loretta could use some PR help.. .
Hi Laura: Is it possible to get a copy of the report ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
No . Yes for PG&E , no for SoCalGas .
Agreed . I think that we can expect a strategy focused on saying , "we don't owe you anything , you've illegally hiked prices."
eeks . i'm sorry . what does this mean ? i don't quite understand the code .
Greetings: Unfortunately , I'll be in Mexico getting the Mexican version of hoof and mouth . Bummer . Of course , the highlight of the semester for me was seeing Ms Deepika at Squaw last weekend . We should commit to a ski trip next year . Best , Jeff
Will do . Do you know yet who will be on the call from your end ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
Hey , Neville . FYI . Best , Mike Kahn's best buddy
Environmental issues and the permitting will be the biggest ( and could be very big ) obstacles---particularly given the Santa Barbara location ( e.g. , Channel Islands , etc.) . Might be a good idea to have GA look into that side of things . If we feel that can be overcome , then the next big deal will be getting transportation agreements with SoCalGas . Finally , the issue you raised Steve---will Davis want to be the counterparty?---will loom somewhat large . Overall sounds like an exciting idea/opportunity . Best , Jeff
That answers it . Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
Court Gives Green Light to Green Generator To Suspend Edison Contract , Sell Electricity Elsewhere Business Wire ( Copyright ,  2001 , Business Wire ) today that a geothermal energy supplier in the Imperial Valley can temporarily sell its electricity on the open market despite its long-term contracts with Southern California Edison , because Edison has breached the contract by failing to pay for any output since Nov . 1 . Cal Energy Operating Corp . operates a complex of geothermal plants near the Salton Sea . The plants filed suit Feb . 20 in Imperial County Superior Court seeking back payment from Edison and authorization to suspend their contracts with Edison and sell power elsewhere in California during such time Edison is unable to pay for power demand . David L . Sokol , chairman of Cal Energy , said , "We applaud this short-term solution that will provide us with a revenue lifeline and keep our clean , renewable power flowing to Californians . It is unfortunate that it took court action to provide us some relief from an intolerable situation." Sokol noted that the ruling did nothing to assure that the plants collect approximately $140 million Edison owes them for power they have produced since Nov 1 . The geothermal plants will continue to pursue legal and legislative remedies to receive back payment , he said . "That debt will continue to place a great strain on our operation." He added that Edison has continued to collect tens of millions daily from ratepayers and has amassed approximately $2 billion in cash . On the open market , the geothermal plants will be able to receive on the spot market higher prices than renewable generators agreed to accept in negotiations with the state , Edison and PG&E . That lower price had been incorporated in Senate Bill 47X , which stalled in the state legislature after Edison withdrew its support , and has effectively been incorporated in the California Public Utility Commission's proposed order . California taxpayers will pay the difference , because the state is buying electricity on the open market on behalf of Edison and PG&E . "It is unfortunate that taxpayers will now be paying more for our electricity," Sokol said . "That is the result of inaction by the state and bad faith by Edison . We negotiated with the full blessing and knowledge of the governor and the legislature to arrive at long-term pricing that would assure reliable supply and save taxpayers billions . This pricing for our clean , renewable energy was less than the state is paying out-of-state fossil-fuel energy providers in long-term contracts , and less than half what we are allowed under federal law." Sokol added that he was encouraged by the governor's March 20 announcement proposing legislation and action by the California Public Utility Commission that would require Edison and PG&E to begin paying current bills for electricity received from qualifying facilities such as CalEnergy . But , Sokol cautioned , "While we are hopeful that this legislative and regulatory action can move forward quickly , there are many details to be worked out in the governor's proposal . Even with quick action , there is a serious question whether Edison is willing to pay any of its current bills from qualifying facilities." He noted that , like today's court ruling , the governor's proposal provides no plan or schedule to require Edison to pay the approximately $140 million Edison owes for power CalEnergy has delivered to date . CalEnergy's geothermal complex employs about 200 workers and produces a total of 268 megawatts -- enough to supply 268,000 homes . Geothermal plants and other generation from renewable sources provide about 12 percent of California's electricity , enough for 5 million homes . Geothermal plants produce environmentally friendly electricity from wells that tap superheated water 5,000 to 10,000 feet underground . Magma rising in fissures in the earth's crust heats the water to 500-700 degrees Fahrenheit . The generating plants convert the water to "live" steam , the pressure of which turns turbines to produce electricity . The plants then return the slightly cooled water to the subterranean reservoir for reheating as a renewable resource . CalEnergy is one of 10 members of the Renewable Energy Creditors Committee , a group of green power suppliers who formed the committee on Feb . 15 to explore options to collect back payments from Edison . Together , the group is owed more than $300 million by Edison . Note to Editors: David Sokol will discuss today's ruling in a media teleconference at 2:30 p.m . PST today , March 22 . Call 800/810-0924 and enter code 509085 . Identify the CalEnergy conference .
Yes , it's technically true , but it doesn't seem relevant . It's a technicality . That is , if at the end of the contract , UC/CSU goes to another provider , the rules would require Enron to "de-DASR," after which the new provider would submit the new DASR to switch the customer over . The utility stands in the middle of all this . I don't think this equates to what UC/CSU is claiming the problem is . Might be viewed as a bit "cute" by the judge . Also , the legislation "fixing" the prohibition passed our of policy committee today in Sacramento and is moving through the Legislature . Best , Jeff
This is yet another , tangible case of why price caps don't and can't help; they can and will only make matters worse . Caps are a policy chainsaw when a scalpel is needed . The result of the caps being imposed on QFs by Davis and the Legislature will be shut downs and bankruptcy , which will reduce supply and decrease reliability----the exact opposite of what the state needs to be doing . FYI: I listened in to Sokol's conference call yesterday re: court case freeing CalEnergy from the QF contract . Sokol blasted Edison over and over ( e.g. , accumulated war chest of over $2 billion in cash) . Sokol said that , at least for the time being , this lessens the need for CalEnergy specifically to force an involuntary . Be interesting to see if other QFs take similar tack . Sokol also said that CalEnergy has sold the power to El Paso---lot's of press questions about price and where the power's headed ( i.e. , in our out of state) . He said he expects to get a "market price" from El Paso and that if the "prices are higher out of state , well......." Best , Jeff
When you going to stop showering me with gifts ? To: Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron@Enron , Paul Kaufman/PDX/ECT@ECT cc: Subject: California Energy Summit -- March 30 I am not interested . I sent to Mark Palmer , who suggested one of you guys.Happy Birthday !
This sort of summary info is incredibly useful . Where's it coming from and can we get it daily ? Best , Jeff
You and Eldon want to stay at my apartment on Sunday night ? I thought we rented beach towels there .
bringing coffee and stove top expresso maker .
didn't he invent personality , too ?
Greetings Jean . How might one listen in . Are we having fun yet ? Best , Jeff To: Katie Kaplan ,  "'Andy Brown ( E-mail)'" ( E-mail)'" ,  "Carol H Hudson ( E-mail)" cc: Subject: IEP Press Call Friday , 1pm PST IEP will conduct a press call Friday March 23 @ 1pm . Feel free to listen iThanks , Jean Jean Munoz McNally Temple Associates , Inc . Contact: Jean Munoz FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE WEEKLY POWER UPDATE SACRAMENTO .  Jan Smutny-Jones , Executive Director of the Independent EneProducers Association , will brief members of the media on California?s rapidly changing electric market during a teleconference Friday , March 23 aWhat: Press Availability Teleconference When: Friday , March 23 , 2001 Call In #: 1-800-374-2393 Conference I.D: Independent Energy Producers ( IEP ) Who: Jan Smutny-Jones , Executive Director of the Independent EnergyProducers Association
Lamentably , I'm out of the country next week . Given the B.S . that continuein Sacramento , I suspect that these legislators are likely to be extremelycranky at this event ( assuming they're not forced to cancel due to the continued inability to find an answer) . Under the circumstances , I wouldsuggest that it's likely not the best forum for us . Might be best to let the legislators slow roast a bit . If we feel compelled to participate , I suggest Steve Kean . Best , Jeff To: David Parquet/SF/ECT@ECT cc: Jeff Dasovich Subject: Re: California Energy Summit -- March 30 I always knew you were kind and wise . Now I know you're generous too! ! I'm out of town next week ( I think Jeff is also) .
We need to start a pool on this . Steffes is already out , since by his forecast , a West-wide cap should have been in place about 12 months ago . Best , Jeff
Great . Hey , is there a call-in # for the press call ?
The call in number is 1-800-374-2393 . . . pass code: Independent Energy Producers
I spoke yesterday with President Lynch's gas advisor and the PUC staffer who first got in touch with us regarding inquiries from our customer regarding whether we were returning customers to the LDCs . I described our activities generally , and explained that the originial inquiry from our customer stemmed from a mix-up ( on our part ) that has since been cleared up . Both seemed satisfied , appreciated the call and the information and will get back to me regarding whether we'll need to submit a formal response to President Lynch's letter . ( I said that our preference was not to respond formally , but would be happy to do so. ) I asked them to contact me directly should they receive any other inquiries from our customers . Thanks to all for the help in responding . Please keep me in the loop on our marketing activities , etc . If I hear anything about customers calling the PUC , I'll let you know , and I'll let you know what I hear back from Lynch's office regarding whether we need to respond formally . Best , Jeff
John: Please keep this confidential , but as you can see , this is not at all what I'm looking for . I need what we discussed yesterday . Thanks , Jeff
dear arse: i can move it to the guest room closet for the weekend and plan to take it to mendocino soon as we return from mexico .
To big to fit in the closet ?
she needs to give the answer .
What time will the daily team leads call be and when's it gonna start ?
Sorry , been away . For what it's worth . The footnote looks great . Have a nice weekend . Best , Jeff
Gas hearings ever resume ?
Michele: I apologize . I was unavoidably detained , and missed the call . I've just returned to my office . I would be happy to reschedule at your team's convenience . Please forward my apologies to your colleagues and tell them I'm very sorry an any inconvenience that I caused . Best , Jeff
I'm on vacation next week , but would be happy to get together first thing the following week to discuss . Also , in response to a voicemail that I received , wanted to let folks know that the CPUC did not hold gas hearings today . The legislature is , however , holding hearings , taking a "comprehensive view" of the industry ( i.e. , focusing on specific allegations of pipeline capacity "price gouging") . They held their first hearing today , but it got cut short due to activities underway in the Legislature . I believe that , prior to cutting the hearing short , the Legislature only made it through two panels of customers , who told stories of skyrocketing bills and associated hardship . One panel participant ( Anastacio Andrade of Sunrise Mushrooms , I believe ) waived an EES bill and described how it tripled between November and December . I have a feeling that the Legislature's actions may be prompting the PUC to appear that it's doing something . I'll report more on the Legislative hearings as they occur . Best , Jeff
Thanks . You do the same . Best , Jeff
No , I think Paul intends to have the call . Joseph , could you please set up a number for 8:30 am on monday for 30 minutes . Paul wanted Hedy , Scott , Bev , Sandi , Paul and Sue to be on the call ? I won't be on the call . Seems useful to have Mike Day , too . Thank you . Best , Jeff
Hey Sweetie: So glad to hear that you're well . Was wondering how you were weathering the tech melt down . I'm good . Trying to figure out how to plant 10 acres of grapes on my land in Mendocino ( rather have 10 acres of grapes than a place in S.F. , I've decided---what do you think?) . I was thinking of taking a pass on "sunner" school and just going all 6 semesters . Am I stupid ? Summer vacation just sounds so good these days . Leaving Monday for Mexico . Back Sunday . When you leaving ? Definitely miss seeing you . Looking forward to catching up---hopefully soon . You take care . Best , Jeff
Thanks so much . You in LA ? I'll be working very little while I'm away . Wee bit of computer . Couple of phone calls . Lots of rest . have a great weekend . Best , Jeff
Well , I'm on vacation in Mexico next week . Howzabout we do research this week coming up and then try to meet the following week and discuss what we've pulled together ? Best , Jeff
Here's how you can contact me in Mexico . Best , Jeff El Moro Tower El Cid Resort & Hotel Mazatlan ( Sinaloa ) Mexico From US-011-52-69-13-3333 .
FYI . Michael: FYI . Best , Jeff
good answers .
Chris: Thanks a lot for the info and the help . I'm out next week , but will probably give you a call to discuss a bit . Thanks again; should be very useful . Best , Jeff
FYI
Rick: My apologies . The family events here in Mexico have conflicted with the calls . But I will be on the call tomorrow . ( Anything to save $25! ) One thing . I'm not sure that I can dial into an 800 number here in Mexico . Ginger: Could I possibly call you at 4:30 and have you conference me in to the 800 number ? Best , Jeff
Did we ( GA ) recommend the extension ? If so , nice recommendation . Given the circumstances , it's a win-win , and still leaves us with the swaption to exercise at a later date . Hope all is well . When I call , you're always in a meeting . I will be on the leadership call tomorrow . Hope you're well . Best , Jeff
Thank you . FYI: No certain at this time , but here may be some air quality issues associated with the compressors that TW might need GA to assist them with . Best , Jeff
Congratulations on the expansion . If you need help with the emissions police , just holler . Best , Jeff
good idea .
I can cover S.D . and San Jose if needed . Best , Jeff
Agreed . Now let's see if Bowen et al can just pass the darn thing . Best , Jeff
FYI: Morse is a very popular opinion , general interest columnist . Best , Jeff
HEADLINE: Davis faces dire political consequences if power woes linger BYLINE: By Daniel Borenstein BODY: ? ?WALNUT CREEK , Calif . _ As Democrats prepare for their first statewide convention since the electricity crisis erupted , some elected officials and strategists are warning of dire political consequences if Gov . Gray Davis fails to clean up the power mess . ? ?"All of us should be thinking about the effect the energy crisis is going to have on our chances of maintaining control of both houses , and the effect the governor will have on the ticket up and down," said state Sen . Don Perata , D-Alameda . "If he has not performed well and he has a D after his name , that could be problematic." ? ?Garry South , the governor's top political strategist , said Thursday that the state's electricity woes probably won't be over soon , but the voters understand Davis didn't create the problem . ? ?"It won't be solved in six months," South said . "This is an immediate problem that is not susceptible to an immediate solution . This is a several-year process to get this situation back under control." ? ?As for the governor's critics , "I think they should be asked to produce their own plan . It's awful easy to take pot shots , but most of those who I read about in the newspapers have no plan." ? ?The intraparty sniping on the eve of the party convention highlights the frustration Democrats are feeling about the crisis_and its potential political damage . ? ?Four months ago , this weekend's convention in Anaheim seemed certain to be a Davis fete . Although Democrats had lost the presidency , Al Gore easily carried California and the party was in firm control of the Legislature and the state's congressional delegation . ? ?Davis had led the Gore effort in California and the governor was personally and politically popular across the state . This would have been the convention for him to showcase his achievements for education , the issue he had promised to make the hallmark of his first term . ? ?But electricity now overshadows everything else . To be sure , the governor will tout his policy achievements during a Saturday morning speech to the convention delegates . And he is not shying away from the spotlight . ? ?Tonight , he will host a party for the delegates at Disney's California Adventure Theme Park . That prompted one Democratic consultant from Sacramento who won't be attending to quip , "We're in fantasy land here , thank you . We don't need to go to Disneyland for that." ? ?Some are shaking their heads in disbelief at how the governor has handled the events of the past week . "In many ways , he appears to have gone politically tone deaf," said Sherry Bebitch Jeffe , political analyst at Claremont Graduate University . "His instincts are not serving him well." ? ?While his top aides were meeting with legislators last week to warn them that a $10 billion bond package won't be enough to get the state out of the crisis , Davis was at a $10,000-per-person Palm Springs golf tournament to raise money for his re-election campaign . ? ?When his hand-picked members of the Public Utilities Commission this week approved an electricity rate hike that experts have been predicting for months , Davis claimed that he didn't know about the plan before it was announced and that he thought it was premature . ? ?Other Democrats , however , thought the commission action was overdue . "I'm glad to see the PUC stepping out and doing something along the lines that some of us have been talking about needing to be done for the last six or eight weeks," said state Sen . Tom Torlakson , D-Antioch . "There's a high level of frustration . There haven't been clear answers to what the solution is." ? ?South , the Davis political strategist , said a lot of factors are outside the governor's control . "No one can predict with any certainty where this is going to go , and no one can predict when this situation is going to be brought under control . We don't control the generators , we don't control the FERC ( Federal Energy Regulatory Commission) , we don't control what Wall Street is going to do." ? ?As for the potential political fallout , South said the governor and Democrats remain in a strong position . After all , he said , the deregulation plan was pushed through by a Republican governor and Republicans in Washington are blocking efforts to cap prices . ? ?Jack Pitney , government professor at Claremont McKenna College , predicted Davis could weather the electricity crisis . "People who are following it know it's roots run deeper than the Davis administration and the Republicans don't have any plausible alternatives," he said . ? ?"My read of public opinion is people don't think there's a simple and easy solution and they're not expecting one . They may be impatient but they won't necessarily take it out on ( Davis)." ? ?It's too early to predict the political outcome , said Mark Baldassare , pollster at the Public Policy Institute of California . ? ?"The impacts won't be clear until people have gone through a few billing cycles and we've gone through the summer blackouts , until we see what the personal impacts are so we know what the political impacts are," he said . "That's the really crucial period for Gray Davis' political future , after this summer."
You're sweet . I'm responding from under a palapas . ( From yesterday's 1:30 call , I see much ain't changed since I left . : ) Best , Jeff
Thank you . Sounds like it was a good meeting and Lay did a great job . Best , Jeff
thanks . i'll review . Best , Jeff
Hi Margaret: I'll get you my comments first thing Monday morning . Best , Jeff
Hi Avrim: So sorry this took me so long , and I hope you haven't already left---I recayou saying that you guys were leaving on the 1st , which I hope is the case.Anyway , hope that this finds you before you depart . First , if you didn't buy a "Plan du Paris" ( "map of Paris , in English ) onyour first trip , I highly recommend it . All Parisians use it , it costs abou$10-15 and you'll use if for all your other trips to Paris . It's a must fogetting around the town . Every street in the city; all the "arrondissements": map of the subway system , etc . OK , here goes . It's been a while , and I don't have my "Plan" with me here in Mexico , so I'm working from memory . Hope that it's helpful . Once you'vebought your "Plan," you can reference my suggestions and get yourself oriented , link the walks together , etc . For an exotic ( and cool ) experience , go to "the Mosque" ( "La Mosquee" ) inFrench . It's in the southeastern part of the city ( 15th arrondissement , or5th?) . Go the cafe in the mosque and have tea . It's just very cool . La Rue Moufftard ( sp?) . It starts on the top of the hill where the Pantheois ( across the street from the Luxembourg Gardens) . It's a neat little street that winds down the other side of the hill . Go before noon when themarket fills the street---you can buy a few things and picnic in the Luxembourg Garden . Speaking of the Luxembourg Gardens , it's a neat place . I'd take a walk through---check out all of the "espaille'd" fruit trees----truly a work ofart . Walk to the other side of the Garden ( opposite from the Pantheon side ) andfind the "St . Sulpice" church . Very cool neighborhood ( St . Germain des Preneighborhood) . The church is on a square; there's a lot of very nice cafesand restaurants , and it's the site of the famous "Left Bank" fashion centerWhile you're over there , wander to the Montparnasse neighborhood and stop iat the "Rosebud" bar . Hemmingway and the gang drank there . It's small , thwaiters where little white coats and they play real vinyl records of the best jazz anywhere . Best of all , it's not pretentious . It's hip . Also there is a cemetery where many famous folks are buried ( including SergGainsbourg)----cemeteries are of course a big deal in Paris , the most notabbeing the Pere LaChaise Cemetery , where Jim Morrison is buried . They're Interesting enough , but I don't know if I'd go out of my way... . In the Latin Quarter ( 5th arrond) , check out "L'Ecluse," right on the riverat the Quai les Grands Augustins , just off Boulevard St . Michel . Little wibar with tasty things to nibble on . Great place to take a breather in thelate afternoon ( somewhat ) in style . The Picasso museum in the &Marais8 neighborhood is an absolute must . And while you,re there be sure to cruise the neighborhood . Very gentrified these days ( and it,s the gay neighborhood) , but been renovated into a lot of vimpressive art galleries and fashion houses---very neat . While there ( in the same neighborhood ) go to the &Place des Vosges.8 Unreal big old square from way back when---great to look at and there,s shops acafes . Architechturally magnificent and the exhibits inside are modest and very impressive . Rue de la Roquette is now extremely hip---on the east side of the Bastillebehind the &new opera8 ( if you get a chance go an opera there---very populist experience and fun . Roquette is where the clubs and the musique are . General hip-dome ( and if you,re inclined to do some real people-watching , go to Boulevard St . Germain and sit outside at Les Deux Magots or Caf , Fleureand watch away) . Find on your map the church St . Eustache . Walk around east of it for somevery cool neighborhood viewing*used to be big wholesale butchers and suc(extension of Les Halles , which is now a big shopping mall but used to beParis , outdoor market) . From there walk to &Place des Victoires , or Place des Notre Dame des Victoires ( I can,t remember) . And look for GallerieVivienne , too---Belle Epoque little food a shopping corrider*very neat . And finally , while your over there , go to the Palais Royale ( by the Louvre)which is where Louis XIV grew up as a boy---fantastic courtyard , controversial artwork ( black and white striped columns); walk to the opposite end , exit the courtyard out the back and continue walking in theneighborhood . I,ll leave the museums , etc . to you . Sorry to quick and dirty . Have a great time . See you soon . Best , Jeff
Avram: Ignore the babble about the "Plan du Paris," since you already have it . Have a fantastic and safe time . See you in a couple of weeks . Best to you both in your travels . Jeff
In all week .
Hi Joseph: Could you please look in that little "legislator info" booklet and email to Janel address , phone # , fax and email ( or fax ) info for: Robert Hertzberg John Burton Debra Bowen Fred Keeley Janel: let us know if there are others for whom you need the info . As always , thanks a bunch Joseph . Best , Jeff
Got it .
Here's what I sent Rick and Jim before I left . Best , Jeff
Works for me . Best , Jeff
Laura: Good talking to you . Per our conversation , here's the package . Thanks very much for passing it along . If you have any questions , etc. , don't hesitate . Best , Jeff
Hi Jason: Per my voice mail , here's the package of materials for customers to use to make sure key policy makers know that maintaining customer choice in California is critical . As I mentioned in the voice mail , the Legislature's likely to move this week on a variety of fronts , so it's important that the business community make its voice heard immediately and clearly . If you could forward this along to the SVMG members , it would be very helpful to the fight for cusomer choice and greatly appreciated . Information on how to contact the key legislators is included . Also included are "form" letters that folks can print out , sign , and send . If you have any questions , don't hesitate to give me a call at 415.782.7822 . Best , Jeff
FYI . She's forwarding around the Valley , and I'll follow up to make sure that she's having Chambers sign and send . Best , Jeff
My understanding is that it's languishing but still has a decent chance of getting through . The question is when . I'll try to get some more firm information and get back to you later in the afternoon . Best , Jeff Any news from the litigation front with UC/CSU ?
This should help Prentice's chances for employment come the Fall . You guys should have a HUGE phone bill on your room charges . Please fax me a copy of the bill . I will cover all phone charges . Also , please forward to me what I owe you for the plane flight and golf and our share of dinners , drinks , guacamole , etc . We played spades at the airport . My team lost..........again . My losing streak now ties DiMaggio's hitting streak . Best , Jeff
oh shit . you're right .
Yes . And I'd be happy to call him and harass him . Better yet , if Ken Lay's willing to call him and harass him , that'd be better still . Best , Jeff
Thanks a million . Do you think that you're boss is inclinded to put a call in to the governor regarding the importance of choice and/or sign and send letters to the leadership ? Also , what was the name of the association you forwarded the package to ? Thanks again . Best , Jeff
My understanding ( as of yesterday evening ) is that it's on its own . I'll check and get back to you . Best , Jeff
I apologize----worked on it Sunday evening thinking that I could finish up yesterday in the office ( fat chance) . Here's what I've done thus far , and I'll continue to edit today , if that would be helpful . Best , Jeff
Thanks a million ( as always) . Give my best to Ray and tell him to hurry up and get this messed resolved . Best , Jeff
I'll call .
You're on .
Laura: Sorry to bother you again , but I'm concerned that Justin is wildly busy and may not have the time to forward the package on to the SVMG . I'm hoping that you might have the distribution list and might be able to forward to that list , too . No big deal , just trying do everything we can to try to mobilize the troops on customer choice . Best , Jeff
Sorry , don't know these folks . Best , Jeff
I just got this note morning . Something must be wrong with my or your email ( likely mine) . Sorry about that . Best , Jeff
On interminable conference calls---on another right now . Flight leaves at 3:30 PM , which I think gets me there around 5 or 5:15 PM . Why don't you just pick a restaurant and I'll meet you there . I'm staying at 5th Avenue Suites . If you want to eat at the resaurant at the hotel , that works for me . I'll call you when ( and if ) I get off this call . Best , Jeff
I'll keep plugging , with plan being to get you the rest today . Best , Jeff
Thanks . Best of luck in the prep . If I can be of any help , you folks know how to find me .
I'll see you at 5:15 outside at the ticket counter level . I'm taking Alaska .
Thank you . I'm still working on the first wave of magnums , though . How much was the phone bill , m'lady ?
damn yer funny . hey , what's the weather like up there ?
Jim: Could you send me your version of the California presentation that I drafted for you and Rick ? Thanks a bunch . Best , Jeff
The entire phone bill is 300 pesos?? ? Yes , please fax to me . And please email me rest of expenses when you get a chance so I can write you a check for everything ( plane,phone , golf , etc. , etc. ) You guys get back OK ?
fax is 415.782.7854 .
we got back ok . ( i didn't know tulsa had such a neat airport. )
That's so weird . Prentice left her car door ajar ( when she went to go to school yesterday morning , it was dead and she had to get a jump) . I was surprised that the phone was only 300 pesos . I thought they'd charge by the minute , but apparently , it's a flat 10 pesos for local ( i.e. , 800 calls) , no matter how long one's one .
no idea . sorry .
I would suggest that we bring Bob in once we've had a chance to discuss internally today . Best , Jeff
Some data on Coke and Quaker . More to follow .
May be of interest to your biz dev efforts . Best , Jeff
Dan Walters: Politicians seek shelter as energy Armageddon looms ( Published April 4 , 2001 ) There's been a subtle but unmistakable shift in the political atmosphere that envelops California's energy crisis . Politicians have concluded that the crisis is largely beyond their control and the die is more or less cast . Whatever fate decrees - massive summer blackouts , soaring utility bills or even the bankruptcy of the state's utilities - will happen , and politicians from Gov . Gray Davis downward are scrambling to insulate themselves from voters' anger and single out rivals for blame . No one is saying that publicly , of course , but the fatalistic mood is very apparent in the Capitol , whose denizens have dropped their preoccupation with energy and moved to other matters . Legislative committees are working on the hundreds of bills that had been stalled for three months while the special committees that had been holding almost daily sessions on the energy crisis have gone into semihibernation . Last weekend's Democratic state convention in Anaheim was dominated by fears that when the crisis hits home , the party's dominance of the Capitol will backfire . "Just remember Jimmy Carter," state Controller Kathleen Connell warned fellow Democrats , adding that they will have "no excuses" for perceived failure to deal with the crisis forthrightly . "We will be accountable on Election Day 2002," she said . Next year's elections are very much on Davis' mind , since he'll be seeking a second term and polls indicate that his approval ratings have declined sharply in recent weeks . He devoted much of the weekend to defending his actions , saying , "I believe we've moved at warp speed to address this problem," and trying to pin blame on Republicans . Republicans , meanwhile , sense that the crisis gives them an avenue of escape from the dungeon of irrelevancy to which they had been exiled by heavy losses in the last three elections . The only remaining statewide GOP officeholder , Secretary of State Bill Jones , is running for governor by accusing Davis of mismanagement , and Republican Assembly members dumped their leader , Bill Campbell , on grounds that he had been insufficiently aggressive vis-a-vis Davis . The political positioning reflects the reality that the crisis shows every sign of worsening . Although Davis' office is distributing a brochure entitled "Meeting the Energy Challenge" to defend the governor's actions , it's apparent that none of the steps the governor has taken is bearing much fruit . The state is spending at least $50 million a day on emergency power purchases , but what was supposed to be a short-term program has evolved into a monthslong drain on the state's rapidly shrinking budget reserves . The long-term supply contracts that were supposed to replace daily spot purchases have bogged down , and without firm contracts and a revenue stream to pay for them , Wall Street is reluctant to market the bonds the state wants to float . Many authorities now believe Davis' decision to step into the power purchase market in January was a strategic error because it gave power suppliers a deep new pocket to tap just as the utilities themselves ran out of credit . Davis , meanwhile , is refusing to embrace a rate increase approved by the state Public Utilities Commission , which sends a mixed message to Wall Street , and efforts to resolve problems with unpaid bills from power generators and have the state acquire the utilities' intercity transmission grid have stalled , perhaps permanently . The crisis may careen totally out of control as summer arrives , raising the specter of elderly and/or ill Californians dying from having their air conditioners or medical equipment shut down . And the utilities are closer to bankruptcy now than at any other point in the nearly yearlong crisis . Plan A isn't working , and there is no Plan B - except for bankruptcy . With Armageddon looming , politicians have retreated into the bunker , hoping to protect themselves from what could be a firestorm of anger . The Bee's Dan Walters can be reached at ( 916 ) 321-1195 or dwalters@sacbee.com
Greetings: Are we supposed to do the reading and the Oracle and Legal Services cases for Thursday ? Syllabus says yes , but I gather from Tasker's Izio not that we'll be in the computer center all class doing modeling . ( I'd email her , but she doesn't get my emails apparently. ) Anyone have a clue ? Best , Jeff
could you please forward me the gas daily story re: investigation into EOL . I'm having a hard time locating . Thanks , Jeff
Harry: Could you forward along to the EES folks we talked to yesterday who're interested in ISO's demand-side proposal . Thanks . Best , Jeff Market Participants , Attached is the California ISO's revised third RFB for Loads with emergency back-up generators that wish to participate in the ISO Demand Relief Program ( DRP) . The ISO would especially like to thank the participants that submitted bids that included back-up generators into the first DRP RFB and encourages those participants to submit bids for this revised RFB . As mentioned in the March 30 Market Notice for the second DRP RFB ( for Loads not using back-up generators) , the design of the back-up generator program has changed somewhat since the issuance of the first DRP RFB . Loads using back-up generators will still be dispatched after the DRP Load blocks but will be available for 24 hours per month , similar to the Load portion . Successful bidders will start in the program either June 1 or July 1 depending on how quickly contracts and logistics can be finalized . Bids are due to the ISO on May 1 in accordance with the attached RFB . This RFB will also be posted on the ISO Home Page ( www.caiso.com ) in the next 24 hours . - DRA Third RFB BUG 010403.doc
Hi . I'm traveling today , but wanted to let you know that those are the balance of my comments . Best , Jeff
Yo , people . I love sports . Love baseball . Love you . But I ain't necessarily THAT keen on tying up my Sunday evenings , since , with no school this summer , I plan on spending just about every Sunday night driving back late from Mendocino , where I'll be working on putting vines in , sporting around in that new Zodiac , and shit like that . And when I ain't there , I hope to be backpacking , endurance riding etc . But y'all should go ahead without me . Lovingly , One half of The Sidekicks
that is so cool that she's pregnant . please read your email . sent it about 3 hours ago ?
You might be right . Apologies if that's what happened .
where are the charges ? and please divide it all equally . it was a great time and there's just no reason for you guys to absorb the other costs , particularly when the rest of us have the means to help out . thanks again for a great time ( despite the spades!) .
I need to check more , but here's my take . Politically---very popular with legislators; very easy to pass , etc . However , it would be so complicated to implement and is very likely in conflict with so many federal laws , that I think they'll have an extremely difficult time pulling it off . In addition , the utilities ( whose retained generation collected a big portion of the "windfall" selling through the PX ) would be subject to a big tax hit . Would that push them into bankruptcy ? In short , easy to pass politically , pretty difficult to make stick legally . This help ? You still have your PCG position ? Best , Jeff
I can't do Burton's district . Don't feel like it . And the list is lousy . And it wasn't my idea . So forget it . Jeff : )
Thanks . See you tomorrow .
sounds good .
will do . hope all's well .
Thought that you might find this interesting . Best , Jeff Enron Turns Internal Credit-Risk Tool Into New Product 2001-04-04 17:19 ( New York ) By Christina Cheddar NEW YORK ( Dow Jones)--With the number of corporate bankruptcies on the rise , knowing the creditworthiness of one's customers is becoming more and more important . For Enron Corp . ( ENE) , the world's largest energy trading company , keeping track of credit risk has always been part of doing business . That became even more true with the company's launch of EnronOnline , its Internet-based commodities trading network . In order to deal with the accelerated volume and speed of transactions on EnronOnline , the company developed a tool to help its own commercial traders manage the credit risk . Early last year , Enron rolled out this tool , Enron Credit , on a limited basis . Gradually , the company expanded its use and scope . Last month , the company re-launched Enron Credit in its current format . Enron Credit tracks more than 10,000 companies , giving each a rating known as the "Enron cost of credit." The rating is expressed as an interest rate . The Web site also provides news , a company's expected chance of bankruptcy and other related information . While much of this information is free to registered users , Enron also has turned the product into a new revenue stream . Users may download data into a spreadsheet and receive periodic updates for a fee . The site also can sell a user a "digital bankruptcy swap," which is a way to hedge against credit exposure . The price of the swap is determined by a rating Enron's staff assigns to a company and the amount of credit exposure a company needs to protect against . For a supplier , the main advantage of a swap is that if a customer is unable to pay due to bankruptcy , the supplier will be paid immediately . According to Enron Europe President John Sherriff , the goal of Enron Credit is to create a more efficient credit market by increasing trading liquidity . The tool is important because "in just a short amount of time , a company's credit can go from stellar to bad literally overnight." At present , some analysts haven't factored in revenue from Enron Credit into their earnings models . However , as the commodity markets Enron trades in mature , it is possible the need for products such as Enron Credit could increase . -By Christina Cheddar , Dow Jones Newswires; 201-938-5166
FYI . Lauren Ipsen at Cisco told me that she forwarded our package of letters , etc . to the AEA . Best , Jeff
OK buddy , here you go . Let's discuss first thing , before the day gets nuts . Best , Jeff
Eric: Seems that the likelihood that the Governor will sign is about 100% . Jeff
FYI . Seems that your info re: bailout is pretty good . Thanks for the updates . Best , Jeff
Sounds like the IOUs will get some financial support from Davis tomorrow ( at least in words) . Best , Jeff
I would bet that our investor relations either have it , or can get from one of their analyst buddies . You want to check on that ? Best , Jeff
Based on latest info hear's latest assessment of Gov's talk: I'm in charge . Here's all the wonderful things I've done thus far to address the crisis ( likely to include Edison TX talks , since it seems he has no choice but to continue that charade) . It's bad and getting worse and we've got to pull together as a state to get through it . Rate increases are a necessary evil that---painful as they are , and they will be painful---must be part of the solution; and future increases may well be likely . Blame FERC and the generators , because it's their fault . Windfall profits is a good idea . Kari Dohn of the Gov's office and I have been trading voicemails . She's going to LA with Governor Backbone later this afternoon for the speech . If she and I hook up , I'll report back on what , if anything , I hear . Best , Jeff
Will do . You hear it from Sandi , who heard it from Bev , who heard it from Peace ? Or are there other sources confirming ? Best , Jeff
easy , babe .
Yes , I think that we discussed this . This is the KEY slide to combat Balkanization . I'm working with Alan and Steve Walton on it . Can you please check with Alan to see if Jennifer has completed , or will complete , the analysis soon ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
Thank god .
Interested in subscribing to the Forecast ? UCLA FORECASTERS SEE NATIONAL RECESSION AS INEVITABLE IN 2001; CALIFORNIA WILL NOT BE IMMUNE , WITH BAY AREA VERY SUSCEPTIBLE LOS ANGELES --Economists with the UCLA Anderson Business Forecast see even more clear indicators of a recession for the nation in 2001 and project a 90 percent chance that the nation's longest economic expansion will come to an end no later than the first quarter of 2002 . "The year 2001 is a transition year that will take the U.S . economy from the Internet Rush of 1996-2000 to a lower level of sustainable economic growth in 2002," said Edward Leamer , UCLA Anderson Business Forecast director and Anderson School professor . However , getting from here to there will involve some painful adjustments , he warns , and "monetary medicine" from the Fed won't stop the pain this time . According to the econometric model used by UCLA's forecasters , the probability of a 2001 recession has increased nearly 30 percent since December 2000 . Just three months ago , Dr . Leamer's forewarning of a recession was the most pessimistic -- and , as it turns out , the most accurate forecast made that quarter . "The expansion of 1999-2000 was driven by 'New Economy' investment opportunities . Firms rushed pell-mell to be the first kid on the block to have a cool website . Fear was a big motivator . Internet firms feared losing first-mover advantage . Bricks-and-mortar firms feared they would lose out to pure Internet business models . Almost every enterprise in the U.S . invested heavily in IT equipment and software , and hired the associated personnel," said Dr . Leamer . "Things are different now." The national recession and slowdown in investment in information technology and software has different implications for the principal regions of California . A recession is quite likely for the Bay Area , while Southern California will experience many economic stresses though skirting an outright recession . Dr . Tom Lieser , author of the California Forecast , expects to see a "high-tech" recession in California that will have a disproportionate impact on the San Francisco Bay Area . "We will most likely see not only a slowing of demand for electronics , communications equipment and related products , but also a weeding out of the less well-capitalized firms in these industries," said Dr . Lieser . The UCLA economist also expects a weak expansion in employment through 2002 , with a corresponding rise in unemployment rates . A substantial slowdown in the California service sector -- a mainstay of the state's economic growth -- is also quite likely . "The strong increase in residential building permits seen during the November-January period will likely be short-lived," said Dr . Lieser . "We expect to see declining home prices in the Bay Area this year . Southern California will also experience slower home sales and a lower rate of price increases." Higher energy prices , the economists argue , may pose a greater problem for other states than for California , because of the state's lower per capita consumption . On a per capita basis , California ranked 49th out of 50 in electricity consumption and 26th in natural gas consumption , both in 1999 . Even with the state's notorious dependence on the automobile , it still ranks only 15th out of the 47 reporting states in per capita gasoline consumption . And while the recent brownouts and blackouts may not perceptibly affect California incomes and employment in the short term , a prolonged electricity crisis could discourage business expansion significantly in the longer run . The UCLA Anderson Business Forecast is the most widely followed and often-cited forecast for the state of California , and was unique in predicting both the seriousness of the early-1990s downturn in California and Southern California , and the strength of the state economy's rebound since The Forecast was presented at an all-day conference at Korn Convocation Hall at The Anderson School at UCLA . In addition to providing the outlook for the state and national economy , the conference examined the economic impact of California's energy crisis through a series of panels led by some of the nation's most prominent authorities . Speakers included Loretta Lynch , president of the California Public Utilities Commission , Mark Bernstein , senior policy analyst at RAND Corporation , Barry Sedlik , manager , economic and business development , Southern California Edison , and Joseph M . Otting , executive vice president , Union Bank of California .
FYI: The State Treasurer Phil Angelides announced that the melded interest rate on the bonds that he intends to issue ( mix of taxable and tax-exempt ) will be 5.38% . Best , Jeff
Thanks very much , Scott . Appreciate it . Best , Jeff
Great job . Congratulations . Jeff
Not that I've heard . I think that we'll have to wait for the public notice ( which will provide the details ) to determine that piece .
Poll thus far: Aron Thomas ( AES ) just decided not to file . He made the decision after talking to Edison , who told him that Edison is going to suggest in its filing that the surcharge be applied--get this--to the PX credit; thus , ESPs would pay , but then get it back through the credit ( can you say "poor quality receivables"?) . Aron feels that the issue should be figured out in work shops and the Commission should not decide it in the policy phase . Bill Booth ( CLECA ) is going to remain silent on the issue because he doesn't know what the position of his members is . Keith McCrae ( CMA ) is going to say that 1 ) the surcharge should not apply to direct acces customers and 2 ) the governor stated publicly that he supports direct access . Jeanne's checking with the Industrial Users Group to see what they're going to say . Since CMA is going to ask for clarification , I would suggest that we remain silent and focus on the other rate design/cost allocation issues , e.g. , equity , no cross subsidies . Thoughts ? I let you know what I hear back from Jeanne . Best , Jeff
300 pm cdt works for me .
Sounds good .
Energy supply setback: Big generator can't be forced to sell emergency power to the state , a U.S . court rules . By Denny Walsh and Carrie Peyton BEE STAFF WRITERS ( Published April 6 , 2001 ) In a development that does not bode well for California's energy supply , a federal appellate court Thursday halted enforcement of a lower court order that a big electricity generator must sell emergency power to the state without guarantee of payment . State energy officials said the ruling wouldn't have any immediate effect but could precipitate a power emergency if the generator decided to take a plant off-line for maintenance . On March 21 , citing "rolling blackouts ( that have ) darkened the California landscape," U.S . District Judge Frank C . Damrell Jr . imposed an injunction against Reliant Energy Services Inc. , one of the nation's major generators . Houston-based Reliant controls approximately 3,800 megawatts , or about 20 percent , of the gas-fired generation capacity in the state , and Damrell found that loss of that production "poses an imminent threat." But Thursday , a three-judge panel of the 9th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals granted an emergency stay of the injunction , saying Reliant has shown "a high likelihood of success on the merits" of its appeal . While not spelling it out , the panel apparently bases its finding on the question of the courts' jurisdiction over the energy market . The panel directed that a hearing on the appeal be scheduled for the second week in July . The decision leaves California's electric grid more fragile , at least temporarily , according to the state Independent System Operator , which maintains and controls power transmissions . It gives the agency no immediate recourse if Reliant chooses to shut down any of its plants for maintenance , said ISO Vice President Jim Detmers . "It's not going to change anything overnight , and it's not going to change anything over the weekend," said Detmers . "But if Reliant decided on a unilateral action to take their units off for maintenance . . . we definitely could have a system emergency." Reliant officials , when told of the ruling , took a conciliatory tone but declined to specify their next move . "Reliant . . . has pledged to keep the lights on in California," said company lobbyist Marty Wilson , and "is still of a mind to want to cooperate." Without further comment , the appeals court judges cited a 1980 U.S . District Court decision . In that case , 14 cities sued Florida Power and Light Co. , alleging that it was violating a number of laws in its sales of power and production of electricity . The judge found , however , that the Federal Power Act reserves oversight of interstate utilities exclusively to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission . He ruled that only the commission may bring an action involving energy sales into federal court -- unless it is a request to review a commission order , and that goes directly to an appellate court . The lawsuit before Damrell was brought by the ISO to force Reliant and two other generators to respond to ISO's emergency orders for power , even though the agency is buying on behalf of two retailers that are broke and hopelessly in debt . Because Pacific Gas and Electric Co . and Southern California Edison can't pay their bills -- about $14 billion -- some wholesalers want to cut off sales to the utilities . The other three defendants in the ISO's suit -- Dynegy Power Corp . of Houston and Tulsa-based AES Corp . and its marketer , Williams Energy Marketing & Trading Co . -- have entered into written agreements with ISO to continue supplying emergency power until the FERC decides whether they are required to sell to companies that are not creditworthy . But Charles Robinson , ISO general counsel , points out that the generators can rescind those agreements with 48 hours' notice . "My hope is this is a temporary setback," said Robinson . He added , however , that the practical effect is "at least for now , we don't have a tool to compel them to do what we believe they're obligated to do" -- respond to emergency demands for power . Reliant has insisted since the suit was filed Feb . 6 that Damrell has no jurisdiction over the rate schedules that govern dealings between generators and the ISO , and that the Federal Power Act mandates that the FERC must settle any disputes about terms of those tariffs . In issuing the injunction , Damrell acknowledged that the FERC has special expertise concerning agreements between generators and ISO . "Absent the extreme exigencies of the California power crisis , the court agrees that a stay pending further action by the FERC would be proper," he said . "But those are not the facts here . Electricity is in critically short supply . The health and safety of the people of California are potentially at risk." Immediately upon receiving the 9th Circuit's order Thursday , attorneys for the ISO asked Damrell to set an accelerated schedule for its motion to amend the suit . The agency apparently has crafted a new complaint stressing its view that the matter is an ordinary contract dispute over which the judge has jurisdiction . Damrell scheduled a hearing on the motion for Thursday . In a further development that could complicate the state's dire need for energy , an alternative supplier won a court fight Thursday to bypass the big utilities and sell its power on the open market . Timber giant Sierra Pacific Industries , which operates four biomass plants that produce power for PG&E , obtained a temporary restraining order in Sacramento Superior Court that says Sierra Pacific is not required to sell its power to PG&E . The ruling means PG&E and Southern Edison could lose power as alternative energy generators , fed up with months of nonpayment , sue to be able to sell their comparatively cheap product elsewhere , including outside the state .
Thanks . Where'd you hear and do you have any more info ? Best , Jeff
FYI . Reuters -& CNBC *PG&E SAYS PACIFIC G&E FILED FOR CHAPTER 11 VOLUNTARY BANKRUPTCY RELIEF NEW YORK , April 6 ( Reuters ) - Pacific Gas & Electric Co. , which is California's largest investor-owned utility and has been struggling with that state's power crisis , said on Friday it filed a voluntary petition for bankruptcy protection with the U.S . Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of California . Trading was halted in PG&E shares on the New York Stock Exchange before the filing . They last traded at $11.36 , down 2 cents . The Chapter 11 filing was disclosed in mirror filings by the utility and its parent , San Francisco-based PG&E Corp . ,  with the Securities and Exchange Commission . The utility said in the filing that it "retains control of its assets and is authorized to operate its business as a debtor in possession while being subject to the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court." A 1996 state utility law deregulated wholesale prices but capped retail prices . Pacific G&E has said it accumulated more than $8.9 billion of back debts because a rate freeze prevents it from passing on its soaring wholesale power costs to consumers . ADVISORY/Pacific Gas and Electric Company to Hold Media Teleco OTC HALT NEWS PENDING LAST $11.36
We'll make up the difference for you and Eldon . Prentice is doing some independent research .
FYI , I've faxed PG&E's filing to Rick Shapiro . If others don't have it and want it , let me know and I'll fax it . The filing's brief--about 10 pages--with more detail apparently to be filed . It lists the top 20 creditors . The only ENE listing in the filing is ENE Canada at $28M . The other thing that Governor and his PUC could have done many months ago was realign rates to more accurately reflect the real cost of power . That arguably was a key determinant driving PG&E to Bankruptcy . Jeff
deadline is monday for the story . FYI .
Great . Thanks .
Enron to cut one-fifth of jobs at broadband unit . Reuters English News Service ( C ) Reuters Limited 2001 . HOUSTON , April 6 ( Reuters ) - Energy trading giant Enron Corp . said on Friday it will eliminate some 250 , or roughly 20 percent , of the jobs at its broadband telecommunications unit , detailing a move which it has previously described as an internal redeployment of staff . Enron Broadband Services spokeswoman Kelly Kimberly said the company is cutting jobs at the unit , which now employs 1,150 people , because it has completed the build-out of its 18,000-mile ( 29,000 km ) fiber-optic network and because of slow demand for streaming media products delivered to personal computers . "The network is substantially complete now , so that means fewer people are required for technical positions," she said . The job cuts also reflect Enron Broadband's decision to play a less active role in the market for streaming media services , such as video of corporate events delivered to personal computers , where demand had been slower than expected , she said . However , Kimberly said Enron Broadband will continue to pursue entertainment-on-demand services actively . Kimberly said employees whose jobs are being eliminated will be eligible for redeployment to other positions at Enron Broadband Services or other Enron units , although there could be some involuntary terminations . Previously Enron officials had dismissed rumors about job cuts at Enron Broadband Services and had spoken instead of an internal redeployment of staff within the unit without detailing its impact on overall employment there . The company's stock , which peaked at just above $90 last year and was trading in the $80s as recently as mid-February , has recently fallen into the $50s in line with broader weakness in the stock market and among technology and telecommunications stocks in particular . On Friday it was up 95 cents at Since early last year Enron has been building a high-speed broadband communications network that it plans to use as a base to build a bandwidth marketing and trading business similar to its huge natural gas and electricity trading operation . Excitement among investors about the broadband business and about Enron's success in developing a strong Internet-based trading platform for energy and other commodities drove an 87 percent rise in the company's share price last year , outpacing a gain of 54 percent for the S&P utilities index . Kimberly said Enron's bandwidth trading operation is continuing to perform strongly , with more than 500 trades carried out in the first quarter , exceeding the total for all of 2000 . Despite the jobs cuts at Enron Broadband , she said , the unit is recruiting to fill some other positions .
This thing's been floating around the web for a while . Show's what's wrong with good ol' California . To wit: We want federal water subsidies so we can kill the fish and grow rice and grapefruit in the desert ( "and we'll keep it all for us?") . Let's drive our freakin' gas-guzzlin' SUVs all over , but hey , who needs to invest in roads; and somebody else come quick and clean up our air from all those emissions . And we're 49th in the nation for spending on education . Great stuff . Now , we've decided we want other state's with less sophisticated people ( in places like Nevada , Montana , Oregon , Washington , New Mexico ) to build power plants ( and pollution ) in their states to feed electricity , and dam their rivers and kill their salmon so that we can heat our hot tubs and STILL pay 3 cents a kilowatt hour . And oh , by the way , it's federal taxes and the military industrial complex which has funded CA's weapons industry and communications industry . As no big fan of the military industrial comples , I'm just crying crocodile tears . Generally the kind of self-righteous doo-doo that turns people off to what is an otherwise great place to be . Yours in tender diatribes , Jeff PS Scott , I think that you're absolutely right: drilling in the Arctic Refuge in good for America... .
Greetings Diane: Disappointed to see that Rich Lyons isn't teaching in the Fall . Will he be teaching in the Spring ? Best , Jeff
Greeatings Tom: I'm looking at hard copies of documents titled: Emergency Measures for Western Power Markets Possible Western electricity emergency plan elements Could you send me electronic versions ? Much appreciated . I'll get back to you with more siting information ( per your email ) on Monday . Best , Jeff
Janel: My apologies . PG&E declared bankruptcy today , and , well , things got hectic . Here are some materials that might be helpful for chronology . Let me know if you need more , etc . Best , Jeff
I've focused my attention on editing the outline , which is about 60-75% complete . Haven't touched the slides---they'll require substantially more work; but we shouldn't have any problem putting it to bed by end of next week . Have a good weekend . Best , Jeff
you bet . you're on . best , Jeff
Kern Gets Speedy OK; Breathitt Questions Action FERC moved with record speed to issue a certificate last week to Kern River Gas Transmission for its 135 MMcf/d , mostly compression , expansion to the natural gas-starved California market , but not all of the commissioners were happy with the expedited manner in which the project was approved . "The speed with which the Commission has acted in this proceeding is something which will no doubt be touted as a great effort," but the "precedent we have created could be a double-edged sword," warned Commissioner Linda Breathitt in a partial dissent of the decision . Although she voted in favor of the certificate in the end , she questioned whether FERC "should...be willing to sacrifice careful review for speedy action." Breathitt further said she seriously doubted the so-called California Action expansion of the 900-mile,Wyoming-to-California Kern River system merited the "extraordinary regulatory treatment" that the Commission gave it . Critics claim that the $81 million project will not flow any more gas to the Wheeler Ridge Interconnection in California than is currently available there , she noted , adding that it would simply displace existing gas . "...[I]t will not necessarily result in any net increase of natural gas in the California marketplace . This makes it difficult to understand just how our approval of Kern River's proposal is going to assist in increasing electric generation in California this summer," Breathitt said . If anything , she noted the project could make the congestion problem at Wheeler Ridge even worse than it is . There should have been a "fuller airing of this issue" at FERC before the project was certificated , she noted . "It would be counterproductive for this Commission to act precipitously on projects related to California without ensuring that they will , in reality , benefit specific markets --- and more importantly , that they will cause no further harm." The Commission majority , however , readily dismissed protests of Pacific Gas and Electric ( PG&E) , Southern California Gas and other California customers , that claim the Kern River expansion would degrade service to existing customers . They requested that existing customers be given priority over expansion shippers . "We conclude that the California Action Project will not have undue negative impacts on existing shippers or competing pripelines," the order said [CP01-106 . For starters , "the record does not show that pro-rata allocations of primary firm capacity have been a problem at Wheeler Ridge." Kern River reports that the aggregate primary firm delivery rights of its shippers at Wheeler Ridge will increase to about 527 MMcf/d from 450 MMcf/d as a result of this project . At the same time , the design delivery capacity at the Wheeler Ridge Meter Station will be increased to about 800 MMcf/d from 598 MMcf/d to accommodate existing shippers , new expansion shippers and Mojave Pipeline shippers , it noted . "Therefore , the expanded delivery point capacity at Wheeler Ridge will be greater than the sum of the combined Kern River and Mojave contract volumes . The Commission recognizes that this does not factor in the volumes attributable to both PG&E and local production that are also delivered to Wheeler Ridge . However , our emphasis is on Kern River being able to provide sufficient delivery point capacity for its customers," the order said . "The solution to the problem of pro-rata allocations of any services at Wheeler Ridge lies not with the interstate pipelines , but rather in fixing the problem with the take-away capacity and the lack of firm transportation path rights on SoCalGas , a matter which is beyond our jurisdiction." The project would increase the "limited-term , incremental transportation capacity" of Kern River by 135 MMcf/d from Wyoming to California to help address the urgent need for additional gas in the West . An estimated 53,900 horsepower would be added to the pipeline , including three new compressor stations , and upgraded facilities at three existing compressor stations and an existing meter station . The project , which has been fully subscribed , has a targeted in-service date of July 1 of this year . Kern River plans to use a mix of permanent and temporary facilities on the project , with the temporary facilities intended to be subsequently replaced by permanent 2002 California Expansion Project facilities ( which is pending at FERC) , and the permanent facilities to be incorporated into the design of the pipeline's 2002 and 2003 California Expansion Projects . The 2003 project recently went through an open season
Hmm . Interesting . Thanks for the info . Do we know who got to Breathitt ? Forgive me , but what time did we pick to talk today ? And will you call me ? Best , Jeff
Hey buddy . The first hearing in the ch . 11 is today . Is one of our agenda items to make sure that someone's attending any such hearings and reporting back ? Best , Jeff
you know , i'm afraid to say that I have no idea.... .
Sorry , thought that he'd been added .
Unless Cisco did a complete 180 , they are opposed to the plant . Give a call if you want to talk more about siting in CA . 415.782.7822 . Best , Jeff
I'll take a look . You listen in on the call ?
In SF all week .
you didn't send me the version of the PP presentation that you sent Rick and Steffes on Friday . To work on it , I need a copy . Can you send it when you can ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
My apologies . Just been "ordered" to be on a 1 PM ( PDT ) call . Possible to do our call at 2:30 Houston time . Sorry about that . Best , Jeff
Most interesting . Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
I forget . What's the Governor of Montana's position on price caps in theWest ? Best , Jeff Thanks much . Sorry for being such a loser when it comes to calls these days . Best , Jeff
I need to send a copy of a report to: Greg Blue Suite 200 Could you stop by and pick it up when you get a minute ? Thanks a million . Jeff
Thanks a bunch .
Ralph teaches at Stanford Law on Mondays . Left him a message . I'll get back when he returns my call . Best , Jeff
got it . haas mix up . i'll make the calls . Best , Jeff
"The Impact of Retail Rate Deregulation on Electricity Consumption in San Diego" ( April 2001 ) PWP-082 by James B . Bushnell and Erin T . Mansur Retail electricity rates in the San Diego Gas & Electric service territory more than doubled over a period of three months during the summer of 2000 . Much of this increase was subsequently rescinded through a retroactive rate freeze . We examine the impact of these events on overall consumption levels in San Diego . We find that average electricity consumption decreased by roughly 55 MW , or 1.6% , between mid-July and the end of August . Demand was reduced by over 6% in the late afternoon and late evening . Because of the uncertainty about the duration and the credibility of the rate increase , these results should be viewed as a lower bound on the demand reductions that could be achieved through pricing incentives . Download this paper in Adobe Acrobat format:
computer lab for modeling . same thing this thursday . Here's some stuff I worked on over the weekend . OAT's balance sheet and income statement and common-sized . Haven't put together the cash flow yet . Please take a look . Really wanted to get something in a file for folks to start looking at so that , together with the materials Anil and Carolyn have pulled together , we can start filling in our assumptions and doing some valuations . I can do the same for Coke and Pepsi . Take a peek and let's try to discuss by email . Or I'm up for a conference call tomorrow or Wednesday ( or a meeting in person ) if you folks are game . Best , Jeff
SB 43 has NOT been signed yet .
John: I'm not sure how to read it , but it certainly doesn't seem encouraging . I'll try to find out more tomorrow . Best , The following is an outline of the basic terms of the Southern CaliforniaEdison Memorandum of Understanding: ?  Commitment to Provide Power )  SCE will keep its current generation plaand other generation assets and commit them to provide power on a regulatedcost-of-service basis for 10 years . ?  Dedication of Power )  Edison International will commit the entire output of Sunrise ( one of Edison International,s non-regulated generating facilities ) to the State on a fixed price basis for 10 years . Phase I of Sunrise is to be brought online by August 15 , 2001 . If not brought online by August 15 , 2001Edison International shall be assessed a $2 million penalty . ?  Transmission Sale )  SCE will sell to the State its transmission assets for approximately $2.76 billion ( 2.3 times the net book value of the assets),subject to certain adjustments . Of the $2.76 billion , the $1.5 billion gainon sale , will be used to reduce SCE,s net undercollected amount as of Ja31 , 2001 . In connection with the purchase , the State will also assume certain liabilities associated with the transmission assets . ?  Backup Transaction )  If the transmission sale does not occur within twyears for reasons beyond the parties , control , then if the State elects , SCE shall sell to the State SCE,s hydro generation assets . If the hydro assets are not worth $1.5 billion , then SCE will also sell the state after Decembe31 , 2010 enough below-market-price-power to make up the shortfall . ?  Conservation Property )  SCE shall grant perpetual conservation easements to the State covering approximately 260,000 acres of its Big Creek hydroelectrrelated lands and 825 acres of its Eastern Sierra hydroelectric related lands . Some of the land may be deeded in fee . ?  Contribution by Edison International )  Edison International will refund to SCE not less than $400 million . This money will consist of a refund of approximately $293 million in estimated 2000 quarterly tax payments plus approximately $197 million in federal loss carryback tax savings . ?  Investment )  Edison International and SCE will invest not less than $3billion over the next 5 years in capital improvements for SCE . ?  Litigation )  SCE shall dismiss certain claims , including its takings afiled rate doctrine cases . ?  CPUC Regulation )  CPUC shall continue to regulate SCE using historicalprinciples of ratemaking . ?  Payment for Portion of QF Drop-off )  SCE shall pay an amount that represents that portion of the net short from January 18 , 2001 to April 1,2001 that is attributable to QF,s not selling to SCE ( due to SCE,s failure to pay the QF,s) . SCE will securitize this amount . ?  Securitization )  SCE shall securitize its full net undercollected amou(approx . $3.5 billion) . The securitization shall occur in two tranches ( i.two different nonbypassable dedicated rate components) . ?  The first tranche will occur after the passage of legislation and the signing of the definitive agreements and will cover the net undercollectedamount , less the gain on sale , plus interest on certain obligations in thenet undercollected amount . ?  The second tranche would be triggered if the transmission sale does notoccur within two years . Accordingly , the second tranche would not show up in rates for two years , if at all . ?  Buying the Net Short )  The State will be required to buy the net shortthrough December 31 , 2002 . After 2002 SCE will be responsible for coveringthe net short . ?  Investment Recovery )  SCE shall have an authorized rate of return that will not drop below its current rte ( 11.6% ) during the 10 year cost of serviceratemaking period . ?  Next Steps ( Definitive Agreements and CPUC Action): ?  Definitive Agreements )  Once the MOU is signed , the next stage is tonegotiate definitive agreements which contain the specific terms of the transmission sale , as well as the specific terms of the various other relatagreements ( e.g. , the O&M Agreement , Transmission Services Agreement and thFacilities Services Agreement) . ?  CPUC Action )  Prior to entering into the definitive agreements , the CPmust undertake certain actions ( which include: establishing mechanisms forpreapproval of procurement costs and URG costs , deferring SCE,s general rate case until 2003 , granting SCE some relief from direct access credits and clarifying the first priority condition in the holding company act) .
Works for me , but I have class on Thursday and will have to leave at 5 PM . That work ? Best , Jeff
Folks in Sacramento said that they haven't heard anything about it and aren't inclined to inquire . It's about 99% certain that we'll be "invited" to appear before the committee that's doing the wholesale price investigations , however , and very likely that we'll be served with a substantial number of questions in advance of that appearance . I'll stay on top of it and let you know just as soon as I do . If there's anything else , don't hesitate . Best , Jeff
Greetings . I had a blast skiing--been way to long . I haven't called Ashish . I'll pick someone off of your list to call . Hope to see you soon . Best , Jeff
Here's how I think this thing has played ( is playing ) out: PG&E was very tactical . They knew that the Edison deal was imminent . They see the Edison deal as extremely adverse to their interests . They feared that the pressure on them to do the same deal would be enormous once the Governor announced the Edison deal . Thus , in an incredibly dramatic attempt to pre-empt the possibility that they'd have to accept the Edison deal , PG&E threw itself into bankruptcy . ( Preemption seems to have been very successful , at least at this point. ) So I think that they wanted everyone to know , including Wall Street and the Governor , that the decision's been made---they're going the way of Ch . 11 , not the way of J . Bryson and Edison . This make sense ? Best , Jeff
FYI . PCG is up $1.6 as we speak .
Hi . Any word on the mower ?
very sorry . hang in there .
Here are the components as I see them: 1999 numbers for C&I are fine; I'd do 10% , 15% , 20% reductions . Assume C&I takes its proportionate share of the DWR's net short ( i.e. , if C&I is 2/3 of load , then 2/3 of CDW purchases should go to C&I ) You can use the average price used in the DWR presentation to Legislators to the $ amount . The copy I've got sez that the average price for the first 5 years is $79/MWH . That seems like the # we ought to use . Now the hard part . The state reportedly sez that they aren't buying the entire net short---only that part that they feel like covering . So how do we factor that in ? Not sure that we can get detailed data ( but check with Alan Comnes , who might be able to provide ISO real time prices ( which is where the net short ( of the net short ) is being filled ISO---the ISO then sends that bill to PG&E . An easier way might be to use PG&E's numbers . In their bankruptcy announcement , PG&E sez that it's been costing them $300MM per month ( $300MM * 0.67 * 0.10 =~$20MM) . We could scale this number up to account for summer purchases . Alternatively , we could use ENA's forward curve . This is very quick and dirty ( apologies ) and I may have gotten something very wrong . If I've got any fatal flaws in the thinking ( which happens often) , please point them out . And if you have any questions , don't hesitate . Best , Jeff
God help us .
Works for me .
That is so cool . Congratulations . That ain't an easy job ( you know how traders are); but you'll do great . Where's Christi going ? Best , Jeff
OK , wondering why there ain't no charges on your credit card from our FABULOUS trip to Squaw Valley ? I just found out that they're all on mine!!?!?! ? I had the best time up there , but I couldn't figure out how it coulda cost $1700 . Just called them to inquire . They said: There's no mistake those are all the carges for rooms 432 and 450 . They're sending receipts . Unreal . Best , Jeff
Worry not . Great deal . Best , Jeff
Thanks . Any idea of what time it will air ?
Not a problem . Just couldn't believe that they screwed it up so much . There's 3 ft of new power at Squaw!!! !
Hi: Could you send me a copy of the Trustee letter ? Email would be great; otherwise , fax is 415.782.7854 . Thanks . Best , Jeff
where've we been ? where've you been ? really only stay at my house on school nites ( monday/thursday) . will be chez toi tonite . would LOVE to go back this weekend ( it's gorgeous---TONS of iris , apple blossoms , wild flowers , etc.) , but alas , we promised you're folks we'd plant tomatoes this weekend . I'm going to put down nice gravely rock around the beds , so it looks more like Italy , or France or something and we don't get all the weeds . Sorry about S.D. , but it will be super nice down there . Be sure to go to Black's Beach . And golf and Torrey Pines . See you tonite ?
No problem . Worry not .
lemme guess . you were a standup comic in another life ?
I was afraid you'd ask that . Don't know the exact number , but I'm assuming that it's a whole heckuvalot less than the May 1-December 31 exposure . Best , Jeff
Thanks . FYI . The Negative PX Credit language in the MOU reads ( on p.31): "the CPUC Implementing Decisions shall include Orders resolving the responsibility of SCE to provide credits to direct access customers in respect of electricity deliveries after December 31 , 2000 in respects which do not result in any material financial detriment to SCE; " Could go several different ways , but arguably could be read to say that SCE will make good on credits up to 12.31.2000 . If that were the case , I'm assuming that about 75-90% of our exposure would be covered ? Best , Jeff Ouch .
So it could be one way or the other.. .
Greetings: Sue Landwehr will be sending around a more comprehensive summary of what happened at today's FERC hearnig in Boise but asked me to pass along the following . Each state was only allowed to have two people at the table . For California it was Assembly Speaker Hertzberg and Geoff Brown ( newly appointed CA PUC Commissioner) . Hertzberg did a credible , matter-of-fact job of explaining what California's doing to resolve the crisis ( nice to know that there's someone out there who can explain what the heck California's doing) . Hertzberg then asked that FERC do "its part" by imposing price caps in Western wholesale markets . Hertzberg didn't mention the PG&E bankruptcy or Davis' deal with Edison . Overall , the "no price cap" message won the day ( though Breathitt seems to be under considerable pressure to give in to caps) . The Governor of Arizona ( Jane Hull ) had a staffer deliver a letter signed by 9 republicant governors opposing price caps . Sue will be distributing the letter . Best , Jeff
Not a problem . There's 3 feet of power at Squaw . The interest on the charges was $500 .
Hi Hedy , Scott , Sandi: Any news on signing of SB 43 ? Eric Letke mentioned that Sony--a potential customer--told him that the Governor signed it on Friday and that they ( Sony ) had a representative at the signing . Any news would be great . Thanks a bunch . Best , Jeff
Sorry , I can't , for the life of me , get your email address right . My apologies . Best , Jeff
You really know how to hurt a guy . Best , Jeff
Greetings: Let's talk more about ENA's position on Kern . And I'll fill you in on Gas Accord extension . It's been on-again-off-again with PG&E . I can give them a ring and find out what the latest is . Best , Jeff
Pleasure's all mine .
Comrades: Attached you will find the call assignments for the new admits . We all have five or six people to call in the next 7-10 days . I made a couple of matches where it seemed there was some kind of similarity in background or career , but for the most part , the assignments were essentially random . The list includes names , phones at home and work , company and title . Remember these are newly admitted students who have not yet accepted our offer of admission . The deadline to accept this offer is April 27th . A general outline of the phone call , should you choose to use it , would be: 1 ) Congratulations on being admitted to the Haas School 2 ) indentify yourself as "involved with the student government at the Haas School , and the evening office asked me to give you a call to see if you had any questions about the program . Then answer the questions , if you can , or refer them to me or Ken for further follow-up 3)describe your own experience at school and how it has worked with your career--timing , advancement , scheduling , tuition payments , etc . 4)invite them to attend a class so we can show them around . EMBA office will coordinate . 5)remind them of the "New Students Admit Reception" on April 19th from 7-9 in the Wells Fargo Room ( drinks and hors d'oeuvres served) . ( Refer to Diane's recent email for other particulars . Some pieces of information you might want to have handy -required new student orientation is August 11-12; classes start on the 13th -fees will be $1580 per unit; 42 units required , including the two units for MPAR -orientation packages will be sent out mid-June -administration will call each new student in July with class schedules -second round of admits come out in early June Thanks very much for helping . Let me know if there is anything else you may need or could suggest to help in this effort . Joseph Tambornino Do You Yahoo! ? Get email at your own domain with Yahoo ! Mail . - Applicant Call Assignments.xls
Ah Jeez: Hey Joseph , I was supposed to trade a name with Deepikah and , wouldn't you know , with all the fine print , I grabbed one of yours ( bet you're sorry you asked me to help out now) . Anywho , I called and left a message with Tim Taylor . You call him yet ? If so , he'll think he's very special , what with all of us calling him . Let me know . Deepikah , I called Lisa Ralphe off of your list . Yours in flake-dom , Jeff
Greetings Diane: Could you check the work phone for Joseph Brophy . I've got 408.390.5291 on my list of admitees to call and I'm getting the "not a valid number" recording . Thanks a bunch . Best , Jeff
FYI .
Forgot to send the darned thing to you ! Sorry . In Idaho , Western states press feds to act on power prices H . JOSEF HEBERT , Associated Press Writer Tuesday , April 10 , 2001 , 2001 Associated Press URL: ( 04-10 ) 18:04 PDT BOISE , Idaho ( AP ) -- High electricity prices pose a ``looming disaster'' for many states in the West , a federal regulator warned Tuesday , as pressure grew on the government to consider temporary price controls on wholesale power . Officials from 11 Western states , including energy-ravaged California , engaged in sometimes passionate exchanges with three members of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission over how to contain soaring power prices that are expected to go only higher this summer . ``Something has to be done to tame this market,'' Geoffrey Brown , a member of the California Public Utilities Commission , told the three FERC commissioners . California anticipates paying $65 billion for electricity this year , almost 10 times its power bill in 1999 . But after the daylong session , the FERC seemed to be not much closer to imposing price caps than before , although one commissioner , Linda Breathitt , said she now wants to look the issue more carefully and might be swayed . FERC Chairman Curtis Hebert , a strong free-market advocate , reiterated his fear that price regulation would drive off investors for new power generation . Under FERC rules , it would be Hebert's discretion when or if to propose a price cap for deliberation . Commissioner William Massey , who has been in the minority on the commission in recommending price controls , said the ``passion for markets must be tempered with common sense.'' ``We face a looming disaster,'' he declared , if wholesale electricity markets are allowed to continue on a path that has wholesale power in many parts of the West selling for 10 times what it cost just a year ago . Hebert insisted that the FERC ``is doing everything it can'' to ensure just and reasonable prices and cited the commission's action to seek $124 million in refunds on California power sales . He also said the commission plans soon to approve a new system of tracking market abuses . The chairman noted that state officials at the meeting were sharply divided over whether the government should regulate electricity prices . Keeping tabs as each participant gave a presentation , he said three states were for them , five against and three uncertain . Hebert's anti-controls position drew support from Vice President Dick Cheney in a telephone interview with Associated Press reporter David Ammons in Olympia , Wash . ``The problem with price caps,'' Cheney said , ``is that they don't solve the problem . Just look at California , where they had caps applied at the retail level that , coupled with the requirement to buy power on the spot market , has driven PG&E into bankruptcy.'' Pacific Gas & Electric , California's largest utility , said last week it had debts of $9 billion and filed for protection from its creditors under chapter 11 of federal bankruptcy laws . California , whose electricity problems have unleashed soaring power prices throughout the West , urged FERC to immediately impose an 18-month cost-based price cap in the Western markets . ``We have done our part . We cannot do it alone,'' said Bob Hertzberg , speaker of the California Assembly . He cited state actions to boost conservation , increase retail rates and speed up power plant construction and said there is ``no earthly reason'' why energy prices should be 10 times what they were a year ago . Still , California officials expressed little optimism after the hearing . ``It would take a dramatic , unprecedented change of direction'' for the FERC to adopt price controls , said Fred Keeley , speaker pro tem in the California Assembly , who was in the audience during the six-hour meeting . Breathitt , the FERC's third commissioner , who has not come out in favor of price caps , nevertheless indicated she might be inching toward some controls . She said she wants the commission to ``seriously discuss a price implementation plan.'' The issue may end up , however , being decided by two new commissioners recently nominated by President Bush -- Pat Wood , now head of the Texas utility commission , and Nora Brownell , a Pennsylvania regulator . Both are viewed as free market advocates , but pro-controls commissioner Massey said he believes they might be swayed to accept temporary price restraints if the electricity market reels further out of control . Neither nominee has yet been confirmed by the Senate . While divided on price controls , most of the state officials at the unusual FERC meeting expressed worries that the federal agency was doing too little to address problems in the power markets . The chairman of Montana's utility commission , Gary Feland , who opposes price controls , criticized FERC for lack of aggressiveness in challenging unreasonable prices . FERC is legally mandated to ensure ``just and reasonable'' wholesale power prices . ``Montana is taking a hell of a hit'' from electricity prices , Feland said . ``Politically we're getting beat up.'' Steve Ellenbecker , a utility commissioner from Wyoming , urged the federal regulators to come up with a ``reasonable measure'' short of a price cap to deal with the troubled electricity market . Many of the state officials said the full impact of the high wholesale power prices have yet to hit consumers . In many cases state officials must still give permission for utilities to pass them on to retail customers . On the Net: FERC Web site: www.ferc.fed.us/ , 2001 Associated Press ? 
Michael: Do we know who from Enron will actually be on the committee ? Best , Jeff
FYI .
Thanks . Any view on the likelihood that the brief will have weight ? Best , Jeff
Disregard previous note . Saw your name on the official document . Best , Jeff
Thanks . Would be useful to get a copy . Best , Jeff
You betchya .
Thanks very much Scott . Any view on when we can expect the clean-up bill will be signed ? And is there anything of substance in the "clean-up" provisions that we ought to be aware of ? Thanks again . Best , Jeff
Hey , when will the announcement be made ?
Thanks again for the help . Much appreciated .
FYI .
Thanks very much . I'll give him a ring at home . Best , Jeff
You're kidding . You mean they've double billed us ? Can you find you're credit card bill ? They can find each and every receipt , who signed it , etc. , so that we can make sure they don't screw us . I'll bring my stuff over tonite . If they've double billed us , I'm going to suggest that they owe us a comp up there . No worries , though . They've got the paper work , and if we've paid twice , they're just going to need to credit my card . No big deal . Just a hassle having to deal with 'em . You around tonite ?
Dinner would be great . Best place to stay--given where you need to be---but sometimes a bit difficult to get in to , is the Park Hyatt . If full , try the Griffin ( or Griffith ) Hotel ( or might be the Hotel Griffin(th)) . Let me know if you have problems and I'll throw some more names your way . Best , Jeff
Wow . Call my travel agent . Book me on a heavy guilt trip... .
did they charge your credit card , too ? if they double-booked us , we better get a free weekend out of it ( in addition to getting the money back) .
Judge orders Enron to deliver electricity to universities SAN FRANCISCO -- Saying that Enron Energy Systems Inc . may be in breach of contract , a federal judge Wednesday ordered the Houston company to abide by its agreement to sell cheap power to the state's public universities . Enron was attempting to get out of delivering power for the final year of a four-year deal with the California State University and University of California systems . Enron , which buys power from producers and sells it on the market , said the contract would cost the energy concern $12 million a month because of skyrocketing wholesale power prices . Enron said the state should free Enron from its obligation and taxpayers should pick up the tab . "It's our economic interest to provide a service with the least amount of dollars we can provide it for," Enron attorney A . William Urquhart said . He later described the case as being "all about money . It's all about money." Enron said it would file an emergency appeal to the 9th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco to overturn U.S . District Judge Phyllis Hamilton's ruling in the suit brought by the state's two university systems . Appearing in federal court , state Attorney General Bill Lockyer argued that Enron wants out of the contract so it can engage in a "marketing game" with the universities' promised power and sell it on the open market for 10 times more than what the electricity cost Enron . He said lawmakers may have "left the keys in the car" when they approved California's failed energy deregulation scheme that has prompted the energy crisis , "But it is still theft to steal the car." The judge issued a temporary injunction against Enron , forcing it to continue providing service as the suit brought by the universities proceeds . When the judge issued the order , she also said there is a likelihood Enron will lose the suit . "I am persuaded , in the end , there is a very strong likelihood of success on the breach of contract claim," the judge said . UC's annual electric bill is about $87 million and its natural gas bill is about $26 million . CSU annually pays about $40 million for electricity and $20 million for natural gas . The case is UC Regents vs . Enron Energy Systems Inc. , 01-1006 . -- Associated Press
You got it . I'll put my thinking cap on and start pondering . Best , Jeff
This seems principally to be a "help Davis now" sort of exercise , but perhaps there's a business opportunity in it for EES . Thoughts ? If you need me to , I can do it .
what day you planning on golfing ?
nope , but prentice has informed me that we need to be at david and nina's ( i think around 4 pm ) on sunday . so we could either play at 9 on sunday , or in the afternoon on saturday ( say 2 pm?) . your call .
Wow . That's fascinating . Sounds neat . I would be very concerned , though , given the current environment about having us listed as a sponsor . In short , I would recommend against sponsoring , at least at this point . Best , Jeff
Thanks very much . And , yes , I did get a haircut . She cut a TON off .
doesn't look like it at this point . i need to talk to prentice some more . she talked to nina .
I don't know about the roommate info , but I do know that they go back a very long way . Then Gov . Jerry Brown ( now Mayor of Oakland ) appointed Bryson to be the President of the California PUC . Way before out time---I think that it was in the early '80s . At the same time , Davis was Brown's chief of staff---so their relationship goes way back . Best , Jeff
Is it possible to get the call-in number for the 2:30 call ? Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
Thanks . Which attorney is this info from ?
Greetings: I'll be bringing the beginnings of the valuation model and an idea ( for folks to beat up on ) for the approach in the presentation . Best , Jeff
Agreed . That time works for me . Jeff
It would be useful for me to have the opportunity to listen in on these calls . Let me know if that's a problem . Best , Jeff
FYI: I listened in on the analyst call . Bryson made it very clear that , under the agreement , Edison would re-assume the procurement role on 12.31.02 and would "administer" ( i.e. , takeover ) the DWR contracts . Seems pretty clear that the State is actively looking for a strategy to exit the procurement role . Best , Jeff
You're point ?
Ralph: Apologies for taking so long . Here's the URL for the details of the MOU . Look forward to reviewing your proposal . Regards , Jeff
Lemme know how it goes .
Sorry , been on calls . Just got your message . From my perspective , you got it exactly right in the note . If you have any additional questions , just holler . Best , Jeff
As I feared , Belden's on vacation this week . I've left a message with him to call , however . Will let you know just as soon as ( and if ) I hear anything . Best , Jeff
Amen .
Were you on the call yesterday---I went ballistic . And where are you now!? ! The calls underway .
Ralph: Thanks . Really looking forward to discussing further . The proposal is very promising . As you can imagine , Enron's going to have two concerns: 1 ) ensuring that eligibility for participating in the competition is as broad as possible ( paragraph #1) , and 2 ) ensuring that the "terms specified by the Commission that will ptrotect the regulated service and its other customers from financial harm" don't unintentionally ( or otherwise ) have the effect of killing direct access ( like AB 1890 did) . Appreciate you sharing this . You can count on Enron's support . ( Though I understand that Enron's support these days is not the most sought after commodity---I leave that up to your judgment . We'll be prepared to help in away way you see fit. ) Have a nice weekend . Jeff
FEA's asking for a uniform percentage increase on top of existing rate allocation structure .
CLFP proposes the following changes to medium and large commercial and industrial customer tariffs for electric service provided by Pacific Gas and Electric Company and Southern California Edison Company . CLFP proposes the Commission establish an optional summer on-peak , peak period consisting of a continuous 3-hour period during the current summer on-peak period for both utilities . The 3-hour period would be selected by the customer . Specifically: Service Eligibility: Customers served as medium or large commercial/industrial customers on time-of-use rates and metered Customer Eligibility: Electric customers processing , handling , distributing or processing perishable food and agriculture products . ( As noted below , since no revenue shift occurs within the class , the Commission may consider opening the option to others. ) Customer Charge Surcharge: A surcharge of $130 per meter per month for the initial summer period ( 2001 ) to offset the utilities cost for changes to billing procedures . In the case of optimal billing period service customers the surcharge shall correspond with such billing period . Optional Summer On-Peak Period: Any continuous 3-hour period during the summer-on-peak period of time . Hours may be designated by the customer consistent with metering capabilities of the customer or changes to metering capability . The reason for designation by the food processor or agriculture commodity processing customer is in order to take into account the many factors involved in load shedding . Labor , harvesting schedules and coordination with growers , delivery schedules , inspection activity , etc . All bear upon such an effort . Rate for Optional Summer-On-Peak Period Service: Energy rates for the 3-hour period would be two times the otherwise applicable charge for summer-on-peak energy . The other 3 hours of the 6-hour on-peak period would be billed at the non-peak rate and equalized for rate/revenue neutrality . In the event partial peak periods are retained , the rate for the non-optioned 3-hour period during the on-peak period would be adjusted to retain revenue neutrality . These rates would apply , as now , workdays of Monday - Friday . Notice and Service: An eligible customer must notify the utility in writing , by fax , email , or hand delivered , to both the appropriate account representative and the customer billing department of the request for optional summer-on-peak period service . The 3-hour period of optional service and the start date for such service shall be specified . Start dates should coincide with billing cycles , with a minimum of seven days notice prior to such cycle . Optional optimal billing period customers would be treated accordingly , except as currently provided , a two-day advance notice . Implementation Issues - TOU Meters and Billing . It appears the number of customer meters and billing changes potentially required by optional summer on-peak period service is relatively small compared to the total number of meters of the utilities . In response to CLFP's data request by PG&E and SCE ( attached ) the following is observed . For SCE , SIC 20 ( food and kindred products ) customers account for approximately 163 meters out of about 10,000 meters . Of the 163 , all but 8 can be managed locally by the Customer Data Acquisition System . The 8 would appear to require a field visit . For PG&E , out of 11,675 TOU meters on E-19 and E-20 service , 354 or 3% of the total are SIC 20 . Of the 354 nearly half , 175 , are hourly interval meters . The remaining 179 presumably would need a field visit for reprogramming . Conclusion: Based upon the data supplied , metering and billing changes required by an optional summer on-peak period program for processors of perishable commodities , there does not seem , in CLFP's opinion , to be a significant barrier to establishing the program .
This is unreal . If TW ain't on the A list , who is ?
I'll look at it and get back to you first thing Monday .
I'll be getting you stuff tonite or tomorrow . Best , Jeff
Dudes: Here's my my comments to Mark's answers to the questions , and suggestions to Jimmie's model . I don't answer the bottom line question , since we have some talking to do on the model . Jimmie , your model is great except we have to value the company on cash flow ( as opposed to NI) . I've take a stab at setting up the discounted cash flow model . All my stuff is highlighted in yellow . It's the capex that's screwy ( see assumptions given in questions) . I get at 25% of 1995 revs , not 45.8% as indicated in the assumptions . I also assume that when it sez working capital is net zero , we don't factor those balance sheet line items into the DCF model . Others agree ? Anyway , it gives me a $3.32 share value , so I think the model's got some work . Take a look and let me know what you think . Best , Jeff
Guess I was lazier still . Agree with your assessment , I just neglected to recalc your model in order to determine growth rates necessary to get cash flows high enough to justify $14 and $28 . 31% and 40% growth rates are ( I would argue ) wildly unrealistic . In addition , the capex numbers would ( presumably ) have to bump up substantially in order to get you there . Therefore , I would argue in the memo that the numbers don't add up for a $28 price ( though "irrational exuberance" may permit Netscape to pull it off) . Unless other folks have comments on the model , I think you're good to go for the memo . Am ready to look at it when you've got a draft . Great job on the case . Thanks . Best , Jeff
no problem . give me a call and we can go through your list . Best , Jeff
OK folks . It's about 80% of the way there . My brains are oozing out looking at cells , so I want to get this around so Mark can get started on refining assumptions and other folks can examine as well . I'll continue to check it and de-bug it . Mark , you and I should talk , too . ( You'll note that at this point , the valuation is in the $30s , so there's work to do. ) Apologies in advance for any errors ( and I'm sure they're there) . If anyone has any questions on the model , just let me know . I think we ought to get together to meet this week as much as possible to start getting the power point presentation together . And perhaps we should think about meeting this weekend ? In the meantime , I'm pulling together the data on Buffet ( Berkshire Hathaway ) stock performance , etc. , and will also do the financial ratios , including Dupont , for OAT . Does this work for folks ? Other thoughts ? Best , Jeff
These slides look very good and good to go from my perspective . I have no comments . Best , Jeff
Apologies . My dead just fell into a million pieces . I won't have a chance to review Jimmie's fine work ( nice name for the CFO , by the way) , and I've just been informed that I'll need to have dinner with our bankruptcy guy this evening ( turns out we're on the unsecured creditor committee for PG&E's banckruptcy) . So I won't be able to be in class tonite . Again apologies . Great job Jimmie , particularly in light of the Easter holiday . Best , Jeff
We'll be at the party , Overture , or no Overture . The Squaw thing ain't a problem . No worries . But let's settle soon . My accounts are a little wacky these days---I'll explain later . Thanks for letting me know . With the playing , there's a lot of little issues that I think are no big deal , but from our weekend at Squaw , it seems that there are some major fucking huge issues that you and the mighty C needed to work out . If you've got those worked out , then I'm all fer playing again , though the next 2-3 weeks are pretty fucking ugly . Best , Jeff
Prentice and I talked . She's going to come back from the sports gig for the dinner party . Don't worry to much about the ganged-up-on-thing---Prentice is cool . She's ready to play . She and I have been playing together ( though our respective repertoires , as designed by Avram , diverge more than they converge) . We're getting pretty hot on Earl's breakdown , though . P.S . Comes a point in one's life ( like , when you're an adult) , that you take personal responsibility for your actions---"my dad made me do it" must simply give way . And "my dad made me an exquisite perfectionist" must REALLY really give way . Best , Jeff
-FYI . This is an internal email of the SVMG . Please keep confidential . I'll be monitoring . Thanks . Best , Jeff As you know , the SVMG Energy Committee plans to discuss variable pricing , specifically Severin Borenstein's proposal , at its next meeting on Monday . A copy of his proposal is attached . As I indicated at last week's meeting , I believe the SVMG should consider endorsing the proposal , with certain conditions , for the following reasons: - It provides the broadest , most transparent incentive to reduce consumption precisely during hours of shortage , thereby reducing the chances of involuntary curtailments ( blackouts) . - It creates a demand response to high prices , thereby reducing the market power enjoyed by power sellers . This may be one of the only factors contributing to a more reasonable , stable wholesale price environment if there is no federal intervention . - It offers a financial opportunity for those users who are able to reduce their demand overall or shift their demand to off-peak periods . The following is a "strawman" draft of an endorsement by SVMG for discussion Monday . I would point out that the strawman is silent on the question of whether customers who choose to opt out of variable pricing must be interruptible , an issue of concern to some . Also , I hope to have additional input from Barbara Barkovich before Monday's meeting . Thanks . Peter Evans Power prices paid by customers must create the incentive to reduce demand during specific hours of supply shortage ( and high prices) . This gives the greates possibility of getting through this summer without running up a staggering DWR bill and suffering through frequent blackouts . Getting people to reduce demand in response to higher prices would also reduce the market power of sellers . We therefore endorse the proposal to price power use above historical levels ( and rebate for power use reductions below historical levels ) at the real-time energy price . Our support for this concept includes the following conditions: 1 . Historical consumption levels , which would be served under regulated rates , would be based on last year's use , taking into account the customer's historical load profile . Adjustments would be made for increases/decreases in number of employees or number of square feet per electrical meter to account for changes in business volume . Historical consumption served under regulated rates could be adjusted by a ratio ( say 75% to 95% ) to build in some expectation of conservation . 2 . Participation All customer classes would participate . In the absence of real time load data ( i.e . residential customers) , monthly consumption deviations from historical levels would be priced at the monthly average spot price . 3 . Alternatives for Above-Baseline Use It must be explicitly clear that customers have completely unfettered ability to procure power for their above-historical power requirements on their own if they choose to . This could include self-generation , bilateral forward purchases , or purchasing at the spot price from the DWR . 4 . Sunset This approach should automatically terminate at the end of 2001 , requiring government or regulatory action to extend it . - RTP proposal 32901.doc
Our schedules make it messy . I can come over tomorrow during the break if Anil and Carolyn want to meet . Mark , if you want to hunker down with the model tomorrow , you should feel free . The only thing about Thursday is that Carolyn's got a commitment with Dian . Can we talk about meeting this weekend ? I can be flexible . Best , Jeff
Having worked with you on the Perfect project , I now know that your power point skills are legendary . Would you mind volunteering to coordinate putting all the stuff in to power point ?
How's Tues , may 1 , or wed may 2 , work for dinner ? sorry it's two weeks out , but i'm in serious crunch time for school ( and work) .
Oh , that's very funny . Just like the good old days ?
I can attend if feel it is necessary that we participate . Just let me know . Jeff
Sunday works for me , and we can meet in my office . But if it's OK , 10 AM works better for me . Let me know . And Anil has very graciously offered to coordinate the power point presentation for the project . And having worked with Anil on another project that required power point , I can vouch that he is at wizard with the technology . Best , Jeff
do you have access to the actual report issued by PIRA , to which the article refers ?
Hey , darlin' . What's our freshly-minted MBA up to these days ? You gonna stay in good 'ol Texas ?
Thanks , Dennis . If we could get a copy of the analyst's report , it would be very helpful . Best , Jeff
Here it is . Give me a call when you get a chance to look at it . Also , please tell Jeff A . that I'm still doing reconnaissance on smart types to join your group . Best , Jeff
call with EES at 1 pm . 800-713.8600/68266 . jeff
got message . hearing start yet ? jeff
That's the ticket on the recipe . I can give you some more ideas if you like . Please let Prentice and me know what we can do to pitch in . Best , Jeff
hearing on yet ? jeff
Greetings Dorothy: Hope all is well . I can participate in your meeting tomorrow . Is it possible to participate by conference call , or would you prefer that folks attend in person ? Just let me know . Best , Jeff
FYI . The agenda for the legislative oversight committee's gas hearing tomorrow includes two Brattle Group consultants , Paul Carpenter and Matt O'Loughlin . They will make up the first panel , titled , "California's High Natural Gas Prices: Market Power and Other Factors." In California's gas wars , Edison hired these folks--Carpenter in particular-- to show that SoCalGas has considerable market power in California and abuses it . ( Edison was a long-time , very unhappy gas customer of SoCalGas' , until it sold off its power plants . The animosity remains , however. ) Should be interesting to see where the committe goes with that panel . CA PUC lawyer , Harvey Morris , is the sole witness on the second panel . Harvey is zealous in his assertions regarding market power in interestate markets serving California and is the PUC's lead attorney on such matters at I plan on attending the hearing . It's likely that I will also be attending a hearing on price caps at CMA's offices in the afternoon . Best , Jeff
Greetings: I tried to log in and the system told me that I'm not authorized to use the system . Best , Jeff
I'll actually be in Sacramento tomorrow ( need to hear the hub-bub at the gas version of the energy war crimes trials taking place up there tomorrow) . Steinberg's hearing starts at 9 , so I should be able to pop by at 1 if that works for you . Best , Jeff
Agree . I think she's already gotten a helluvalot better--a marked and very positive change . Reflection and realization are powerful things . I'll bring all the paperwork over tonite . We can go over it then . It actually adds up , as far as I can tell . It was fun as hell , but it sure weren't cheap . Best , Jeff Thank you . I'll give it a go .
congratulations on being "re-commissioned."
FYI .
It's nothing . I eat your food , drink your wine , eat your tomatoes , stay in your time share , date your daughter , use your pool table , stay at your dome , and get feted by you on my birthdays . Paying for Ms Beautiful's golf is a small token , indeed . Best , Jeff p.s . hope everything at work is going well--i'm sure that it is . p.p.s . we say barry's 500th last nite!!! ! It was so cool . go giants .
Here's the document that I referenced . Dan Allegretti asked me to forward it to you . He'd like to distribute to the leadership team and have it on the agenda during his part of the conference call . Thanks a million . Best , Jeff
What day is here birthday ? Is it the 5th of May ?
As always , thanks very much for your help . Best , Jeff
Greetings: I intend to clear my calendar to help with this for the rest of the week . I'll call you/you call me first thing in the AM . Best , Jeff
wouldn't miss it for the world . for the record , ms silva has stolen an idea that i originated years ago , i.e. , favorite take out . Colleen , as you'll remember , there were nothing but cigarette butts in the food by the end of the party . Ah , the days of wine and song . nostalgically yours ,
3 of my 5 have said that they're accepting ( indeed , may have already accepted) . i'm awaiting 2 call-backs . will report more tomorrow in class . best , Jeff
rite spot . 17th and folsom . the best . Best , Jeff
Shoot . Remember that I asked many moons ago if you wanted the tickets ? I thought you said no . So I let it go . Now they've all been snatched up . But I'll see if if those folks are still planning on going . I think that chances are extremely slim , though . I'll let you know . Sorry . Best , Jeff
If those times are CDT , 5 PM works best for me . Best , Jeff
Jay: As we discussed , we are comfortable with EES' participation in the ISO's load curtailment RFP . If you have any other questions , just give me a call at Best , Jeff
Dorothy: Thanks very much for the meeting yesterday . From my perspective it was veruseful . Per yesterday's conversation . More ( much ) to follow ( soon) . This is what we gave the Govenor , Hertzberg , Burton , Brulte , etc. , about 2 months ago ( i.e.prior to Davis' 20-20 announcement , etc. ) You know how to get a hold of me . Best , Jeff Proposal to Alleviate California,s Electricity Shortage Through Incentives to Reduce Demand Objective =15 Provide consumers with financial incentives to reduce demand in anticipation of Summer 2001 electricity demand Proposal =15 The California PUC should require the utilities to immediately conduct on-line auctions for demand reductions totaling at least 2,000 MWs =15 Alternatively , DWR could run the auction and implement the buy-downprogram . However , if it is determined that DWR requires additional authorito execute the auction , the State should avoid any further delays and directhe CPUC to order the utilities to implement the buy-down program immediateThe Auction Process ( assuming the utilities implement the program ) =15 Businesses and large consumers willing to commit to sustained reductions through November 1 , 2001 would submit bids indicating the price they would be willing to receive for a given quantity of permanent reduction =15 If the &supply8 of available reductions offered in the auction exceeds 2,000 MWs , the utility should accept them , or explain to the Commission whythey chose not to accept them =15 Businesses should be permitted to include in their bids the continuepayment of wages to compensate employees for hours of employment foregone dto demand reductions A Single Price Approach =15 A single price approach to a demand buy down program has two key disadvantages: =15 First , customers who would be willing to reduce demand for a lesser price will be overpaid , much in the same way the single price auction in the PCoverpaid lower cost generators . The state would overpay for reduced demandunder the single price approach . =15 Second , the single price may not attract sufficient demand reduction=15 Further , the single price approach does not provide greater certaintregarding the cost of demand reductions . By conducting an auction the statwill be able to observe all bids and pay on an as bid basis , starting withthe lowest bids necessary to provide the required demand reductions up to the cost the state is willing to pay . =15 A single price approach , however , could work if targeted at customers who would not participate in an auction , i.e . residential customers . A well publicized program of rebates to residential customers who use less than last year would further reduce demand in the state . Thus the auction and the single price could be structured in a complimentary fashion . =15 The costs of the incentive program should be paid for by all consumers , since all consumers will benefit from the decreased risk of service interruptions caused by the demand reductions =15 If DWR implements the program , DWR , would recover its costs through rates , similar to the cost recovery mechanism used to recover power purchase costs=15 If the utilities implement the program , the California PUC would incprogram costs in rates collected from customers =15 The auction should be conducted online which will increase transparency and reduce the time required to complete the process Hazards to Avoid =15 Avoid allowing lengthy utility and/or PUC review to delay implementation of the reductions _ Any unnecessary delay increases the chance that California will fail toachieve the reductions needed to help avoid severe shortages in Summer 2001 _ There are numerous firms offering moderately-priced on-line auction services that can quickly provide auction services to the utility _ The utility should immediately contract for on-line services and presentthe contract to the California PUC for prompt approval _ The utilities should also include in their submittal to the PUC a simple,streamlined set of pre-qualification criteria that would apply to bidders _ The pre-qualification criteria should be designed with the goal of makingparticipation as easy and expansive as possible _ Pre-qualification will encourage legitimate offers and reduce transactiontime _ Once the PUC has approved the auction process , the PUC should not apply aadditional review to the auction results _ Auction &pre-approval8 will ensure that the utilities are actively and constructively engaged Actions =15 Governor,s office directs PUC to initiate auction and residential program =15 CPUC directs utility to submit auction proposal within 30 days _ Establish abbreviated schedule _ Provide parties with abbreviated opportunity to comment _ Finalize decision approving auction proposal within 15 days of utility submission =15 CPUC rules in advance that results of auction are prudent , and utilities conduct auction by May 1
Thanks very much , Doug . Good to see you yesterday . Best , Jeff
FYI . Presentation by Brattle Group before CA leg committee yesterday in which they assert market power at the CA border ( held by "out-of-state suppliers" ) explains high gas prices in California . If you have any questions , call me at 415.782.7822 . Please forward to others whom you think might be interested . Stephanie , could you forward along to Barry ? Best , Jeff
Thanks , Steve . I'll coordinate with Rosie . Best , Jeff
Apologies . I need to get off and do this new assignement that Kean just gave me . Jeff
Bob: I'm not going to be able to make this time ( particularly given the assignment that I just got from Kean) . Can I catch up with you after ? Best , Jeff
You mean fighting the MOU ?
Jennifer . I apologize . I have to turn to assignment that Steve Kean just gave me . I made it almost all the way through the document . You did a fantastic job under the circumstances and given the time constraints . If I can get Steve's assignment finished quickly , I will turn my attention back to this . Hope it helps . Best , Jeff
Crudely put ( my apologies) , I think it goes something like , "don't sacrifice the $200+ billion US electricity market for a $150 MM claim." ( Akin to the "domino theory" applied to the electricity market. ) That make any sense ? Best , Jeff
Hmmm . FYI . Dear old Edison .
Shoot . I'm sorry . Is this what you called to discuss ? I'm here . ( with a "need yesterday" assignment from Steve) . Give me a call at 415.782.7822 . Best , Jeff Will do .
what happened at the exec committee meeting ?
Make sense for me to attend the meeting ?
Greetings: Look forward to it . I've just had two "need them yesterday" requests that I need to complete today . Are you available tomorow to discuss further ? Best , Jeff
Folks: My apologies . This is not proofed , but I wanted to make sure that everyone had a chance to review and comment . Apologies for any unintentional omissions and errors . I think it tracks closely with the direction agreed to on the call today . All comments are encouraged and welcome . Best , Jeff
Attached is the final . Thanks to all for help and comments . Best , Jeff
See email . All comments compiled/integrated . Final just sent . Jeff
Huh ?
Today's the 7th anniversary of the release of the California Commission's now infamous "Blue Book" that launched Direct Access . Would it be bad taste for Skilling to note the anniversary on the call with Bryson ? Viva Choice... . Best , Jeff
Thanks , man .
Karen: See highlited section of story below . PG&E's got it right . Recall that DWR was only buying power that it determined was "priced reasonably." Consequently , the net short wasn't getting picked up . That meant that the ISO would have to go to the real-time market to close the gap . The ISO would then charge the utilities for the power purchased . Recall that Bob Glynn referenced the $300 MM/month that continued to pile up on PG&E's balance sheet as one of the several reasons that PG&E put itself into bankruptcy . Now that PG&E's in bankruptcy , the state is now responsible for the full net short , and can't continue to sluff it off onto PG&E's balance sheet . So it's therefore no surprise that the State's daily bill for power purchases has increased dramatically---just not for any of the bogus reasons cited by Governor Backbone . Best , Jeff
Tagliolini with White Truffle 400g pasta dough 2 tbsp olive oil 50g fresh farmhouse butter freshly grated nutmeg 75 )  125g fresh white truffles Roll out pasta dough to desired thickness and cut into sheets 20cm wide . Allow to dry for a while Cut into Tagliolini ( narrow ribbon noodles ) and divide into small piles . Bring Plenty of salted water to a boil in a large saucepan , and add olive oil and noodles . Briefly bring back to boil and immediately drain off water , but leaving asmall amount in the saucepan . Add butter , season with nutmeg and toss together . The residual liquid binds with the butter to make the pasta succulent . Serve at once , lavishly garnishing Tagliolini with sliced White truffles . Serves 4
i'll call him .
call me at 415.782.7822 . jeff
just emailed u the stipulation . jeff
Greetings TJ: Well I'm in a pickle . The memo you sent said we had from 11:30 AM to 10:00PM on 4.19 , and from 7 AM to 9 AM on 4.20 . But the documentation I received from Telebears said from 1 PM on 4.19 to 1 PM on 4.20 . All that aside , I have obviously missed the times , it's my fault , and I apologize . I spoke with Diane this morning and she suggested that I throw myself at the mercy of the court by writing you an email with my picks . Here they are: Class Control # My Priority Units Financial Institutions and Markets 09472 4 3 Leadership and Change 09520 5 3 I'd like to take 7 units ( 2 , 3-unit classes and the 1-unit class) . Sorry for the mix-up . Thanks very much for you help . If you have any questions , don't hesitate to contact me at 415.782.7822 . Best , Jeff
I thought that the call was at 4 pm today ? I'l llikely be in the office , but just to make sure , have them call me on my cell phone at 415.505.6633 . Best , Jeff
FYI . Looks like this is moving along . I'll get this folks what they need and let you know how it's going . Best , Jeff
I'll read it then call you .
Looks good , Scott . One thing: I admit I'm not a lawyer , so someone needs to show me the precise language in AB 1890 that 1 ) requires the credit ( which , I believe was created by the PUC , not the legislature ) to be based on market and 2 ) requires DA customers to be indifferent to be from DA suppliers . Mike Day: Do you concur with Scott's interpretation in AB 1890 ? Like your arguments , Scott . Just want to clarify that we're on solid legal ground before putting the arguments foreward in a brief and/or protest . Best , Jeff
You got it . Just give me a call and we'll walk through "the other side of the story." Best , Jeff
The pleasure , Ms Denne , is all mine . Have a great weekend . Best , Jeff
Happy to . It'll have to wait till Monday , though . That work ?
I nabbed the Co's 4 tickets ( not great , but free ) for the game against the Bums on Wed June 27th . Starts at 4 PM . Interested . The Tuesday game's at 7:30 , but thought it'd be nice to see an early game . Let me know . Best , Jeff
You mean I can register in Telebears this Monday from 7 AM to 8 AM ? I have a 7 AM conference call on Monday , but I'll do my darnedest to register then . Thanks for being patient . Best , Jeff
Harry: You clearly did a fantastic job , particularly under the circumstances described by Leslie . Thanks a million for your help--we really needed it--and you managed to leave with your credibility intact , to boot . And thanks . too , to Leslie . The EES piece of the California puzzle is extremely challenging ( as you know ) and your and Harry's efforts are greatly appreciated . I can cover the hearings on Monday and Tuesday . Thanks again . Best , Jeff
Bradford's a former career--PUC Commissioner ( I think he's now with Moskovitz' RAP group) . Severin Borenstein's the UC Berkeley professor who's been vocal on wholesale market power and the need for real-time pricing to encourage conservation . Don't know the other consultant fellow .
FYI: Here's monthly share price date over last five years for: OAT , KO , PEP , S&P , BRKA , BRKB . ( I included Berkshire in the event we want to say something about Buffet's recent performance . I've attached another file with a chart that shows Buffet versus S&P for 1 , 3 and 5 year performance ) For the OAT , KO , PEP , etc . file , calculated year-on-year performance ( excluding dividends) . Also , you'll see highlighted in yellow month-on-month performance for 2001 . But ain't done any chart for that stuff yet . Thought we'd discuss first . Best , Jeff
Yes , we have been working with them . Stephanie and I were asked to meet last week with the heads of the California Chamber and the California Manufacturer's Association , at which we discussed demand buy down , etc . at length . It was a very positive meeting . Stephanie left them with Reliant's Westwide demand exchange program . And I believe that our folks ( Jim? ) are meeting with Reliant to discuss it further in D.C . I can fax you a copy of what they're walking around if you don't have it . I'll let others chime in , but seems to me that it would be very useful to contact him . Best , Jeff
Thanks . Could you please send around the model , too ? I want to use for the financials table . Best , Jeff
You'll be pleased to know that I registered over the web version of telebears this morning . If there's anything else , please don't hesitate . Best , Jeff
Delainey/Whaley buy off on the approach ?
I mean on the approach for dealing with Edison re: alternative structures for payment . When's the drop dead for getting edits to Jennifer's "solution" piece . You looking at it ? Best , Jeff
Not a problem . My concern is less about you and me---we both have views and are comfortable with the back and forth banter . I'm actually concerned about Carolyn . She has worked hard on this , and I think wants to be involved and participatory . I had the sense that she was feeling that she'd done a bunch of work that was ending up on the cutting room floor and that she wasn't getting a real opportunity to participate in the shaping of the analysis , the presentation , or responsibility for taking a piece of the presentation for Thursday . I was sensing that she was frustrated . Anil is also less extroverted , but based on discussions with him , I think that he is less concerned because he has some other pretty cosmic things on his plate right now . My real concern is that everyone feels comfortable , understanding that working in groups is all about compromise , and that one should really expect to get about 70% or less of one's views included in a final product , given the nature of group dynamic . I think we're getting close to something that everyone will good about , which is a pretty good goal to go after . Thanks a bunch for the note . Best , Jeff
Sorry . Don't work . I can do 1:45 California time , or after 3:15 California time . Or 12:15 California time . Or before 11:30 AM California time . Thanks .
I'm the lower right hand corner of the matrix ( which I think , is like , ENTJ , or ENTP , or something) , which I think translates to anarchist... .
Please include Sue on the call-in info . Thanks . Best , Jeff
Carolyn: I wanted to apologize for the way the group dynamic has shaped up . It's clear to me that you're a bit frustrated , and if I've contributed , I apologize . You've done the most work on this project , your contribution has been very significant , and I personally am not satisfied about the way that the stuff you've pulled together ( and your views ) have been included . At some point , though , it gets tough beating one's head against the wall . Seems to me that , in a group , everyone should have some of their views included---that's what groups and compromises are all about . After all , it's school . We've made a lot of sacrifices to do it , and the point is to learn . Anyway , I hope you'll still comment on the presentation , and I'm glad that you've agreed to do part of it on Thursday . For my part , I felt that I pushed yesterday about as much as I'm prepared to push and at this point , I'll put the ratios tables together , offer a few edits , buy don' t see much use going to the mat . Overall , I think it'll be an okay presentation , though getting there has been , well , bumpy . But thanks very much for all the work you did . It was important , and the presentation is better off for it . Best , Jeff
In all week ( as best I can tell right now) . u still on call w/Edison ? jeff
when u get a chance , can you call and let me know how it went ? thanks . jeff
Dude: Two things . First , in the midst of the craziness on Friday , my black , Northface parka ended up getting put someplace at Sarah's that I wasn't privvy to , and consequently I couldn't find it . My house keys are in it , so it would great to get it back . Could you check with Bob/Sarah and see if it's floating around someplace over there ? Muchos gracias . Second , could you do me a favor ? Could you pay me the full amount for Squaw and then collect from Cameron for what she owes you ? Sorry to be a pain in the ass , but I think logistically , it'll be a whole helluvalot easier to manage it that way ( at least from my end) . And to be an even bigger pain.....since my schedule's a disaster with school coming to a close , could you stick the check in the mail ? My address is: 366 Dolores St. , #3 SF , 94110 Sorry for all the hassle . Happy birthday , man . Best , Jeff
Do you have a copy of the order ?
Here are my comments . Great job . I think that the rate design table is a little impenetrable for folks who ain't close to it . It might benefit from an addition bullet of explanation . Best , Jeff
You have specific questions about the order ? Perhaps the best thing to do is jot down the specific questions , then we can route them to folks in the know ( which is likely to be more than one person) . That make any sense ?
FYI . Her take on the Senate going after the creditors' dedicated rate component as the first ( and most important ) change is on target in my view . Best , Jeff
FYI . From our folks in Sacramento: AB 1085 is AES' competitive default provider bill . It's not an emergency bill , so it will be dealt with throughout the remainder of the spring and summer . AB 57 is a legislator's suggestions on how long-term contracts should be "regulated." Also no an emergency bill . AB18X is an emergency bill and it would create a core/noncore split in electricity similar to the one that exists in California's gas market . Best , Jeff
My apologies for getting the sponsor incorrect . I'll notify folks . We'll need to discuss tomorrow on the call what position , if any , we ( Enron ) takes vis-a-vis New Power's attempts to get default provider . Thanks very much for the info . Best , Jeff
Apologies . The competitive default provider bill is actually being sponsored by our brave compatriots at The New Power Company . Best , Jeff
Carolyn: If you'd planned on making a chart similar to the one that you did previously , the symbols are STISPBEVA for the S&P 500 beverage index and ? STISPFOOD for the S&P 500 food index . Best , Jeff
You available to talk today ?
I'll be going to everything , whether it makes sense or not , and spending a lot of money .
Thanks , man . Up until the trauma and the drama ( the genesis of which remains a mystery) , I had a great time . Please thank Sarah and Bob---great food , great company , etc . Tell them sorry for leaving all my stuff lying around . Thanks for sending a single check . $736 is the amount . Talk to you soon . Best , Jeff
My apologies . It ain't proofed . Let me know if this is what you're looking for . Best , Jeff
While I , too , am frustrated at how things turned out , I'm glad your content overall with the course . Definitely one of the best--if not THE best--classes I've taken . I really think that we need to get together tomorrow nite to finalize , but I don't feel like pushing it too much . Your thoughts ? Best , Jeff
Hi . Is there a reason I keep getting this stuff from these guys . Sincerely , Clueless
I'm available .
Nice job . You take a self-promotion course over the weekend ?
I love you very much and of course want to be together , but some things need to be worked out because there's too much depression and pain associated with those incidents . They have to stop . I have never been embarrassed to be with you . I'm as proud as can be . I think that's something coming from within you that you need to work on , but I'm willing to help . I don't want to end anything , but we need to fix it , or we'll have have to end it . I love you and miss you .
FYI . Bob Williams should be touching base with you; or it would be useful for you to touch base with him . Edison appears to be staking out it's negotiating position with us through their filing . In short , they "recalculate" the PX credit post-Jan . 19 ( when DWR took over procurement) . That recalculation turns our $125 MM dollar PX credit claim into $63MM . So we're pretty far apart . We agreed at this point to oppose the filing and say: 1 ) through the end of the rate freeze , or end of 3.31.02 , the status quo remains--"PX credit" based on market price ( Dow Jones index) . 2 ) however , if you want to go "utility purchase" price as the basis for the credit , then it must be the utility's full cost of power ( retained gen+QFs+DWR+ISO real time) . 3 ) negative credit during the transition can still occur . 3 ) Edison's proposal should be rejected . Best , Jeff
The "big" meetings , which happen about every quarter , are de rigeur . The summer "big" meeting is an absolute must ( and generally very fun) . I'll be there . Hope you're there , too . Best , Jeff
Plz look up decision no . 01-04-006 on the commission's website . it has to do with interruptible and curtailment issues and rotating outages , i.e. , blackouts . Thanks a million , Jeff
Carpenter is saying that prices went up due to manipulation , pure and simple , we're saying that it's the reasons listed on the 1 1/2 pager that I sent . Give a call and we can discuss further . Best , Jeff
Greetings: Could you email me the final version of the stipulation . Thanks a lot . Best , Jeff
FYI .
FYI . Might be useful to have the bill forwarded to the larger group , in addition to Gavin . Best , Jeff
Thanks . Please also fax copies to Jim and Rick in Houston at 713.646.8160 . Best , Jeff
The interim settlement never got voted out . Therefore it ain't official , so there's no requirement yet to refile anything . ( Welcome to California. ) In fact , folks are still trying to get the Commission to reject the IS and approve the one that we worked on ( though the chances of that are not huge , at this point) . Give a holler if there's anything else . Best , Jeff
Greetings all: I'l have the financials and any other comments/suggestions done and sent to all this evening . I have a conference call at 7 am tomorrow . Apologies . But I think it's very important that we get together one last time to ensure that we're all on the same page , that folks understand clearly what slides they're responsible for presenting , etc . What about lunch tomorrow ( we're all in the city) , or at 5 PM ( before the ball game) ? Lemme know . Best , Jeff
could you send my the slides that you put together on Saturday ? Muchas Best , Jeff
Greetings Ms Hunter: I'll be participating via conference call . Best , Jeff
Works for me .
Vicki must be tired of me being the perpetual bearer of bad tidings.. . You bet . You want to call me at my office ? Best , Jeff
Actually , could you call me on my cell phone @ 415.505.6633 ? Best , Jeff
I cleaned this up a little bit . Best , Jeff
merci .
Can't wait to meet the little bundle of joy .
Last week , I distributed a presentation that the Brattle Group gave before the California Inquisition ( i.e. , legislative gas oversight committee looking into the gas price spikes at the Cal border) . The Brattle Group is a consulting firm that Edison has long used to beat up on SoCalGas ( recall that Edison used to be a big gas customer when it owned power plants) . Edison "arranged" for the Brattle Group to be the star witness at the Cal Leg gas hearing . Their job was to set up El Paso and Dynegy for the hit at hearings that took place the following day . Their message was simple ( and simplistic): El Paso and Dynegy have market power . They have used the market power to drive up basis and thus the price of gas at the border ( to "obscene" levels) . That , in turn , has driven up electricity prices . Ken Lay is giving a gas talk tomorrow , and Rob Bradley asked that I provide the alternative view to the Edison/Brattle rant , in the event that he gets any questions on the topic . It's attached . Apologies , it's quick and dirty , but it provides the basics . Obviously no need for us to defend El Paso or Dynegy , but might be useful to offer a more rationale explanation than the one that the California Legislature is peddling . Finally , we were also fingered somewhat as culprits at the hearing ( the California PUC FERC lawyer claimed that ENA and TW colluded to drive up basis when ENA controlled a portion of the capacity) , but the overriding goal of the hearing was to go after EP and Dynegy . Best , Jeff
Presume we'll talk tomorrow re: Cal solution ? jeff 415.782.7822 .
Harry: Per my voicemail . Let's talk first thing in the AM to discuss . Best , Jeff
Here's the ratio analysis . Let me know if you'd like me to put it into a text table for the presentation . Best , Jeff
It was only a draft . The commission has to vote it out for it to become effective . They've delayed doing that . Therefore it's status quo on the SoCalGas system .
Apologies . My schedule's been difficult to control . I am in fact in the office this morning , so you can call me here at 415.782.7822 . Best , Jeff
Yes , I can do the call .
Wanted to make sure u knew: S&P downgraded CA rating--two notches--from AA to A+ . Only Louisiana is lower . AND S&P kept CA on cred . watch--could go lower . It's slipping thru Davis' fingers . Jeff
Also , talked to M . Day . those one-pagers should be coming in the next hour .
I have one: Houston's coming to town for a meeting on Friday , the 4th .
I'll be there about ten after 12 . Here are some minor comments I have on the presentation . I'm going to try to go thru the rest and give any final comments by 8 PM tonite . Or maybe we can do that over lunch . Best , Jeff Slide #1 Coke,s acquisition of Quaker Oats: Why did it fizzle ? =15 In November 2000 , Coke offered to purchase Quaker Oats for $15.75 biin stock . =15 In December 2000 , Coke withdrew its offer . =15 The press and analysts credit Warren Buffet , Coke,s largest shareholder , with killing the deal . Was Buffet right to kill the deal ? Slide #2 Summary of Deals [[Need to put labels on each of the deal values . I think that this slideshould go after the &History of Deal8 slide.]] Slide #3 History of Deal Need dates: Pepsi offers OAT rejects Pepsi KO offers 15.75 B KO withdraws offer8
Thank you for helping on this .
chk email . memo from Day just arrived . Best , Jeff
No thanks necessary . My pleasure . Hope that it helped . What was the gist of his comments regarding the gas side ? Best , Jeff
If Ken Lay's going to be in Sac , seems that he should meet with John Burton . You agree ? Jeff
You're a saint(esse) .
Yes .
i wouldn't worry about that... .
If Ken Lay's going to Sac to have meetings , seems that he should meet w/Burton . You agree ? Thx , Jeff
Thanks very much for helping arrange the meetings . Here is the list thus far . There may be additions . I've also suggested dates for the meetings . May 3rd in Sacramento ( after the meeting with David Freeman): Governor Davis ( he spends a lot of time in Los Angeles and you may find that he prefers to meet there) . House Speaker Robert Hertzberg House Republican member John Campbell ( Republican's point person on energy issues ) House Minority Leader David Cox Senate Majority Leader John Burton Senate Minority Leader Jim Brulte May 4th--Morning , in Los Angeles John Bryson , CEO Edison International Governor Davis ( unless the meeting occurs on the 3rd in Sacramento ) May 4th--Afternoon , in San Francisco Bob Glynn , CEO PG&E Joseph Alamo from our office will provide you with the phone numbers for John Campbell , David Cox , John Burton , and Jim Brulte . I assume that your office has the numbers for John Bryson and Bob Glynn . If you do not have the numbers , let me know and I will get them for you . Thanks again for your help . Best , Jeff
call when you're ready to start up again . jeff
make sense to do this if sanders can't make it ? jeff
Got your message . Thanks . I think that 2 hours is the most we'll want to take with Freeman . Might be shorter , but I can't imagine that it would go any longer . Best , Jeff note from linda sez he can't make it . jeff
You got it .
Thanks . jeff
Breathitt's hanging tough , siding w/Hebert , standing for markets . Jeff
sounds like cap on stages 1-3 based on least efficient , marginal unit . jeff
"Must-sell" provision for "participating" generators in real-time markets . Jeff
Demand-side bidding in real-time markets to pay for curtailment . "Study" WSCC to see if "mitigation" needed throughout the West . jeff
Let's get back together first thing in the AM to finish the "solutions" doc . I've done some more editing . Off now to school stuff . Jeff
Here are my brief edits to the presentation--added a couple of bullets to the Quaker slide and tightened up the deal summary slide . Also attaching a word doc of additional info for everyone for use during the presentation and Q&A . Also attached is the deal comps table . Best , Jeff
hey buddie . our stock's up ( so FERC order ain't so bad?) . w/the lay thing , Vickie's memo's gotta wait . You concur . best,jeff
thanks . jeff
poor thing . what else is there after dual 790s ? looking at it right now .
One minor edit---it's the PX , not the ISO , that's taken itself into voluntary bankruptcy . See redline version attached . Only other comment: I'm not sure that , technically/contractually , we entered into transactions with the PX ( in the same way that I don't think that folks enter into transactions with NYMEX) . ( See opening line of last paragraph. ) We have exposure to thePX based on our commercial activity that took place through the PX , and that exposure depends on how the PX /FERC decide particular issues . In short , we have transactions with the utilities , and exposure to the PX based on transactions that we entered into with other counter parties via the PX market mechanism . That said , seems to me that , for the purposes of the disclosure , the language is fine---just want to raise the flag . Might be useful to run it by Richard Sanders . Hope this helps . Best , Jeff
I thought that you're going to be at pacbell park all weekend .
Greetings folks: Just checking in to see how we're doing and if folks got the files that I sent last night . Should we try to meet at 5:30 to do a final run through ? I think that we might be the very first presentation ( yikes) . Best , Jeff
Greetings Ms Guerrero: I'd suggest that we set up the briefing with Ken for Tuesday afternoon , given that we've got a lot to do between now and then . Best , Jeff
Thanks a bunch for all the work you've done on this bloody thing . Best , Jeff
FYI . As you recall , based on the meeting that I attended at SVMG with Karen Denne and Jeff Skilling , they put me on their internal distribution list ( though I'm not sure that they realize it) . Here's the latest from Carl Guardino , the groups Exec Dir , and Davis appointee to the ISO . Best , Jeff
FYI . Report by the business community of the impact of blackouts on the Cal economy . Getting a considerable amount of play here . Best , Jeff P.S . Karen , could you forward to our buddies at Marathon ? Thanks very much . o mah gawd , you're kidding , right ?
Jim: Am doing my final edits to solutions . Know Jen and Robert are still working , but I'm continuing through . Will email to you within hour . Then turning to SCE MOU . Best , Jeff
electronically tagged prior to departure , though , I'm sure . Hey , did you sent the check yet ? ( signed , scrooge )
ain't got anything yet . you get the stuff that i sent last nite ?
Yeah , gave the disc to Prentice . Also ( and don't ask me how this happened , cuz I couldn't tell ya) , Cameron put the battery to her camera ( I think? ) in my shirt pocket . I gave that to Prentice last night , too . So she's got both of them . Thanks a million ( or at least $736 ) for the check . Best , Jeff
call me on my cell phone ( 415.505.6633 ) when you get a chance . thx , jeff
Looks good to me . See you at 5:30 at Mr . Beans . Best , Jeff
Sounds great . Could you touch base with Paul and coordinate ? Muchas gracias . Best , Jeff
CEO of Edison .
Buddie: Solutions doc is in your in-box . I'm moving on to SCE MOU analysis . Call if need anything . Best , Jeff
You gotta go .
Don't have my car here . Planned on taking BART , but if possible , might be useful to carpool--give us additional time to discuss the presentation . I'm game . Best , Jeff
yes , you ain't seen it ?
faxed at noon california time .
Greetings Rosie: As you confirm meetings with Mr . Lay next week , could you drop a line to Maureen , Janel and me ? Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
let me see what i can do .
I think that there's something wrong with your email. . I'll be at market and best , what time you picking up ?
Thanks . If you'd like to have a conversation that doesn't include the whole gang on the conference call about the Brattle Group stuff , give me a call and we can have a calmer , more detailed discussion without all the noise . Best , Jeff
thank you . nice job on the call today .
FYI . This is the presentation that the Brattle Group---a consulting groupthat Edison has long used on gas issues in California---gave last week to the legislative committee investigating wholesale gas prices at the CaliforniaBorder . The day following this presentation ( which was followed by a presentation by the California PUC's FERC lawyer) , the committee called ElPaso and Dynegy to respond to Brattle's and the CPUC FERC lawyer's presentations . Also attached is the best synopsis of the hearing that I'veseen in the press . Best , Jeff Competing evidence clouds Calif . investigation Prompted in part by the California Public Utilities Commission , the California Assembly has been scrutinizing the role that interstate pipelines have played in thestate,s current energy crisis . In the efforts to find a smoking gun , legislators have leaneheavily on a report prepared by The Brattle Group , a consultancy commissioned by utilitySouthern California Edison to dig up evidence of market power abuse . But the state,s biggest transporter of gas to California -- El Paso NatuGas -- is not ready to take the rap . The pipeline has commissioned its own study , which irecently presented as evidence that it has not circumvented any laws or regulation . As reported in both the trade press and national media , SoCal Ed and the CPare pointing the finger of blame at El Paso for alleged manipulation of California bordeprices through affiliate deals and capacity hoarding . And exhibit A in their case against El Paso is The Brattle Group,s study of the California market . Richard Zeiger , a spokesman for Assembly Member Darrell Steinberg , chairmanof the California Assembly Judiciary Committee , told Gas Daily that The Brattle Group,s market study proved that the surge in gas prices at the California border was notcaused by normal market forces ( GD 4/20) . His remarks followed an oversight hearing duringwhich Assembly members questioned Dynegy and El Paso officials about their involvement inthe California market . El Paso presented a different version of events to the Assembly . In a reporpresented to legislators , a research group hired by El Paso concluded that a convergenceof factors , not a conspiracy , caused the price run-up . Lukens Consulting Group , a Houston-based consultancy , was retained by El Paso to conduct work on several fronts . In its study of the California market , Lukens concluded that the increasing convergence of the gas and electricity businesses was one of themain culprits in the California gas price imbroglio . Assemblyman John Campbell , a Republican member of the oversight committee,said he "didn,t see any smoking gun" in either report . "We had our committee hearing , and we certainly had a lot on the Brattle Study and a little on the Lukens study . To some degree , I,m not sure that the California legislature is the best place to adjudicate the differences between these two studies," Campbell said . "I believe FERC is looking at this situation " and it would seem to me that that,s theappropriate place." Campbell said that the CPUC had been prodding the California legislature togive support to its claims of market power abuse by pipelines . "It,s being pushed basically by the Public Utilities Commission here , which believes that there was collusion" by pipeline companies to push up gas prices in California , he said . The CPUC , Campbell suggested , sought satisfaction before the California assembly when it had failed on the federal level: "There,s a concerted effort , not just on natural gas but on other things here in California , for entities and organizations here to point thefinger elsewhere for the problems that we,re having in this state and I think you,re seeing some of that with the public utilities commission." Whether either report wins over the public incensed by high natural gas prices is a different matter entirely . In the meanwhile , the dueling California market studies seem to have taken on a life of their own . The Brattle Group Study , for instance , has become the center of a heavilylitigated effort to force FERC to compel the release of market data by California market participants . Following on a request by SoCal Ed , which said it needed additional data to round outThe Brattle Group report , FERC Chief ALJ Curtis Wagner issued subpoenas to the other three major pipelines that serve the state as well as to Sempra Energy Trading . Several parties resisted FERC,s call for market information , saying therequested data contained commercially sensitive information . FERC allowed the discovery process to move forward but only after attaching strict data protection rules restrictingaccess to evidence Critics of the pipeline industry have already suffered one setback in theircase . The commission recently dismissed the CPUC,s claim that El Paso rigged the auction of alarge block of pipeline capacity in favor of affiliate El Paso Merchant Energy . In addressing the California Assembly , representatives of Dynegy said that FERC,s recent ruling on thCalifornia border controversy obviated the need for more investigation . The controversy , however , is far from over . FERC last month also ordered ahearing into whether El Paso Natural Gas and its affiliates manipulated capacity to drivup the price of gas delivered into California ( GD 3/29) . That hearing is likely to take placethis summer . ( RP00-
Just for the record , I just reviewed my "Jeff's Goals for 2001" that Paul and I worked up , and "doing time for the company" didn't make the list this year . Paul , I double-checked and "dating Loretta Lynch" is , likewise , not on the list . Best , Jeff
There a call-in number for this ?
I'll make sure that you're on this distribution list ( you're not currently on it , right?) . Best , Jeff
FYI . Silicon Valley Manufacturing Group already running mock "black out" drills . Best , Jeff
Thanks to all . Ended up working out pretty well . We may have been the only folks thus far that finished within 20 minutes ( or 45 minutes , it seems , for that matter) . Best , Jeff
you still ain't got it ? I sent it to you twice yesterday . You think we have an email problem ? Best , Jeff
The Bryson meeting will likely be Steve and Ken , or me and Steve and Ken---at least that's the poop that I've received thus far . Best , Jeff
Give me a call . I'm thinking that from your note , the CA meetings are getting in your way . I was hoping that KL could meet with Bryson on the 4th , but looks like they already scheduled . I just want to make sure that Rosie doesn't get all crossed up with many of us sending her stuff . Let's talk and maybe I can get the Bryson meeting rearranged . Your pal , Jeff
Hey buddy: I'm going to have to bail on the solutions doc at this point so that I can focus on the backgrounder , the MOU and the buy down . Also , I'll be in Houston on Monday . Best , Jeff
you get a chance to see the work that I did on the document and sent you yesterday ?
Hi: I'm going to call you in a bit--I'm on a conference call right now . We need to coordinate just a wee bit . Landwehr's all over Rosie , and we're getting mixed up between her RGA meetings and the CA meetings . I talked to her a little this AM and expressed a concern that we not get poor Rosie all wrapped around an axle and confused . We may have several points of contact here for various issues . No big deal , but I want to make sure things don't get more complicated than they need to be . I'll forward you a note from Sue to Rosie ( and me ) that you weren't on . Also want to talk about your voicemail last night--i.e. , I may need to travel with KL , which is fine by me if that's necessary . Best , Jeff
Thanks . We need to reign Sue in just a teensy bit .
oh man . I sent to you yesterday---the solutions piece . did a bunch of work on it . here it is .
chk email for the stuff i did yesterday on solutions doc . lots of edits and did consistent formatting . jeff
on interminable conference calls . i'll call les . best ,
need to make sure that bev cuts off talks with dunn on this stuff . jeff
bev needs to say to dunn , "i don't know anything . you need to call
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE GOVERNOR DAVIS SIGNS EXECUTIVE ORDERS TO PROVIDE POWER TO CALIFORNIA Governor Gray Davis has signed three executive orders to increase stabilization , conservation and generation of power in California . Executive Order D-34-01 Many numerous and complicated statutes , regulations , policies and procedures are delaying deployment of the energy conservation funding outlined in SB 5X and AB 29X signed by the Governor two weeks ago . Executive Order D-34-01 will speed up implementation of the measures . Together , the two bills provide over $850 million for energy conservation and distributed generation programs designed to save over 2,000 megawatts this summer . With the Executive Order , the Energy Commission will not have to go through the cumbersome process of guideline adoption to approve funding . The programs in the demand reduction program that will be streamlined included: Public Agency Loans and Grants ( ECAA); Time-Of-Use and Real-Time Meters; Municipal Program; and Cool Roofs/Building Materials Executive Order D-33-01 Governor Davis signed Executive Order D-33-01 to extend the conservation rebate of the "20/20" program to the customers in the territory serviced by the San Diego Gas and Electric Company . The program is designed to help the state avoid the likelihood of blackouts this summer and reward consumers who significantly conserve energy . In addition , it could save the state up to $1.3 billion in power costs by reducing the amount of electricity the state must buy during expensive summer peak periods . Executive Order D-32-01 In Executive Order D-32-01 , Governor Davis orders the transfer of funds from the Energy Commission to the Department of Water Resources for implementation of the power plant construction incentive program . Incentives will include: $5,000 per megawatt ( MW ) of average electrical output on the first 100 MW and $2,500 per MW for each MW above 100 MW , if brought on-line by July 1 , 2001; $4,000 per MW of average electrical output on the first 100 MW and $2,000 per MW for each MW above 100 MW , if brought on-line between July 2 , 2001 and August 1 , 2001; and $3,000 per MW of average electrical output on the first 100 MW and $1,500 per MW for each MW above 100 MW , if brought on-line between August 2 , 2001 and Executive Order D-32-01 Executive Order D-33-01 Executive Order D-34-01
Talked to Les . give a call and i can fill you in . Best , Jeff
you ever get the Brattle prez ? jeff
are u serious ? jeff
let me no when you hear from SK re: accompany lay , so i can re-arrange schedule if necessary . thx,jeff ( want to see if you really wear pager :) ) u ah dead .
I'm assuming that you're in the loop on this decision making ? Best , Jeff
i got an email bounced back from your address . let me know if you get this one .
Greetings: On the call between Ken Lay and Bob Hertzberg , Hertzberb asked us to resend any thoughts ( and any more detail ) we have on demand buy-downs . I've combined our on-line auction proposal with the "federal" solution recently worked up for the Cheney meetings ( I tailored it for California consumption) . Hertzberg wanted it today in advance of meetings that he's having in Washington next week . Scott Governor will deliver this to Hertzberg's office today . Sorry for quick turn around , but if folks have comments , could you send them to me pronto so that Scott can deliver to Hertzberg's office before COB ? Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
I have cleared my calendar , so any time in the morning works for me . Best , Jeff
Here's the final that Scott Governar will deliver to Hertzberg today . Best , Jeff
Thank you . What's "the report." Best , Jeff
u need to participate by phone if you can . Best , Jeff
Thanks very much . I think , rather than Crawford , you might be referring to David Cox , Republican leader of the California Assembly ? Really can't thank you enough for you help on this . Have a great weekend . Best , Jeff
FYI . given this info , there's a chance that i might try to get in . how's the sign-u look at this point ? Best , Jeff
Dudes: I'm am officially responsible for the case and of course appreciate all Dylan's ( and everyone else's ) efforts . Here's my game plan . I'm going to spend the day working on it---adding to what's already been passed around . Dylan , I'll look at the numbers and perhaps send you ( and others ) thoughts regarding the crunching , since you've already starting crunching . I'll try to do as much of the write-up ( building on what others have done ) and send around by COB today . Once everyone's had a chance to comment , etc . I'll finalize tomorrow night . I have to fly to Houston at the crack of dawn on Monday and therefore can't go to class , so I'm hoping that someone else can turn it in . Let me know if this works for folks . Best , Jeff
Thanks . If you need to talk just page me at 888.916.7184 . Best , Jeff
Here's the gov's analysis of the MOU . Have a good weekend . Best , Jeff
Left you a voicemail last nite . I get on the plane Houston at 6:30 AM PDT , so you'll have to do it solo . I'll get to the office around 130-200 . I'll come to your office and you can fill me in on how it went . Best , Jeff
OK Gang: Well , I,ve been crunching numbers all day , and haven,t yet gotten to the writing . I've attached Dylan's original responses for reference . Figureit'll be a memo from Time's CEO to the Time Board . I,ve leaving now for Mendocino , but will be back early tomorrow to finisthis up . Please check out the spreadsheet . The case is sort of confusing*how do Time,s analysts value Time at $1when they,re trading at 109 the day before the announcement of the deal with Warner . That doesn,t jive . Are they saying that , absent synergies , thecombined Time/Warner is worth the enterprise value of Time at 189-212 plusthe enterprise value of Warner at $63-71 ( again , the analysts valuation) ? That just seems ridiculous , give where they,re trading . Anyway , here,s where my analysis is heading----tell me if I,m smoking crack . The deal isn,t really $175 per share . It,s $175 LESS the taxes that will have to paid ( since it,s a purchase deal ) PLUS the value of the tax shiecreated by the net increase of $8.9B in new debt that Paramount will takeon . Does this seem right ? Could folks look at my spreadsheet ? I,ve got it conceptually set up , but I,m not quite sure how to calculate the taxes paid under the purchase method or the value of the tax shield ( assuming that thiis correct . If I,m just completely out of it with this angle , just let me know . In any case , seems that there,s some value in the tax-free ( Time-Warner ) versus the taxable ( Time-Paramount ) deals . Presumably , we could take the total enterprise value of Time-Warner ( nontaxed ) and compareit to the total enterprise of Paramount-Time ( taxed ) and compare the two . ve got a hunch that the Time-Warner number may win the day , but I haven,gotten that far in the crunching yet . In any case , I,ll be back around Noon tomorrow and will crank the puppy out . Best , Jeff
Thanks to all for your comments . I've tried to weave together the various ( and insightful ) comments I received from folks with the great stuff that Dylan put together initially and the stuff that I whipped up . They're attached . Please proof the thing---I fear that there's a typo , or two . Since I'm off to beatiful Houston at the crack of dawn , Dylan has graciously agreed to take any further comments , integrate them , and print the final thing out to turn in at class tomorrow . Thanks a million , Dylan . You folks should discuss whether you want to include the Excel exhibits as I've included them in the memo---no pride of ownership , so don't be timid . Dylan , they are formatted for printing , so all you should have to do is print away . See you all soon . Best , Jeff
I'd vote to let Hap do it .
Ms Fleming: No apologies necessary . Anybody would be confused with what we've thrown at you . Just to be sure , it's David Cox ( new Republican leader in the Assembly ) and John Campbell ( Republican Assemblyman) . Can't thank you enough for you help . Hope you had a nice weekend . Jeff
Yes ( sort of) . I'm in Houston . Up on 47 . What's up ?
Hey ! I'm in Houston . You'll have my backgrounder tomorrow . ( The way things are going today , I'll be working on it till the wee hours tonite. ) Best , Jeff
You can reach me on my pager at 888.916.7184 , and during the day , Ginger and Maureen can get a hold of me as well . All the offices in the Capitol are in the same building--so it's possible to get from one to other in about 5 minutes . If there's anything else , don't hesitate to contact me . Best , Jeff
Yep .
So was his angle , the shareholders should take the $175 and run ?
there was a strong case for that . only thing preventing was the internal DCF of the time-warner deal being 183-212 ( or something)---so why didn't the market put that value on it ? I went with what i thought the flow of the group was , but it was a tough row to hoe . where were you on it ?
Thank you , Rosalee . Best , Jeff
FYI . Karen , can you forward along to Marathon . Thanks . Best , Jeff
Greetings folks: Here is the "solutions" piece that went in Ken Lay's briefing packet . Copies of the full packet will be distributed ASAP . Best , Jeff
shoot . i'm so sorry . i'm traveling and can't be there . what panel ? my humble apologies and thanks so much for asking . best , Jeff "Delaney Hunter" Please respond to dhunter
E236 , the derivatives.. .
I apologize , but I can't make this call , though I'm confident that you folks can handle it . I'm available Friday afternoon ( though I don't that will work for Jim Steffes) . Let me know . Best , Jeff
Greetings: Joe , I just ran into some El Paso guys that I know ( I'm in L.A. ) and asked them about the Lukens study . They said that they weren't sure that it had been released yet . They intend to submit it with their testimony in the FERC case . Best , Jeff
plz call jeff d when you can at 415.505.6633 . thx,jeff
plz ignore last note . sorry , jeff
Hi TJ: Work has prevented me from being on campus this week . I registered for 1-unit courses , but have not "signed up" in the office . If that is mandatory , please let me know and my girlfriend---a student in the day program who will be there today---can sign me up . Best , Jeff Teresa Janus Sent by: owner-eveningmba@Haas.Berkeley.EDU Please respond to Teresa Janus
Thanks man . Jeff
I am available for the meeting .
Thank you very much for the briefing paper . Best , Jeff
FYI .
As of right now , I'm available , but with the crisis in California , I might be called away . At this point , though , I'm clear and will plan on meeting . My apologies for the uncertainty . Best , Jeff
Thanks for the note . We'll need to to discuss this a bit further , since it could be a very sensitive issue for us ( e.g. , "Enron's answer to the electricity crisis in municipalization) . If spun right , could provide an interesting opportunity , however . Best , Jeff
Are you working on this bill for Wild Goose ?
I'm available if needed . Just let me know . Best , Jeff
Thank you .
pager 888.916.7184 cell 415.505.6633
FYI: I'm scheduled to meet with CMA and the Chamber on Monday to discuss the comprehensive solution and urge them to support it . Best , Jeff
You're welcome , but no need for thanks . I was just telling it like it is . You do a great job for us , and we appreciate it a lot . I'm going to be up on there on Monday . I'm going to need for you to get me up to speed a little bit on the gas bills . Thanks . Best , Jeff
Received a call this afternoon from Gordon Smith , CEO of PG&E ( I met Gordon when he was CFO of PG&E and I was a bureaucrat at the PUC working on the Blue Book) . He was following up from the meeting this morning with Bob Glynn . He was very positive about the comprehensive solution that Ken Lay described to Glynn at this morning's meeting . He was particularly positive about the core/noncore proposal . He asked to meet to discuss it further . I have an appointment to meet with him Monday afternoon . He offered--as a board member of the California Chamber of Commerce--to help bring the Chamber along , and he also said that he can help with the Silicon Valley Manufacturing Ass . I'll report back after the meeting . And may have already mentioned that I have a meeting scheduled in Sacramento Monday with the CEO of the Chamber and the President of CMA . Will report back on the meetings . Have a good weekend . Best , Jeff
Hi folks: Well , I ended up traveling ALL week , which I wasn't happy about . Worse , some nimrod Enron IT person in Houston ( where I was for part of the time ) deleted my entire *&$*(!*-ing hard disk ( which stupidly , I hadn't backed up)---year's worth of work and school gone , kaputt . Anyway , if there's any chance that someone has all of the cases that we did and could email them to me , I would be greatly indebted . Sorry for the inconvenience , and see you on Monday . Best , Jeff
Seems that Fergus' folks should be able to get their hands on it .
Folks: Let me know if this captures the results of the conversation on Friday . Best , Jeff Basics of Proposal Something akin to the MOU ( that adequately addresses the solvency issue , for the IOUs , the State and QFs) , but WITHOUT the transmission component Direct Access for ALL customers , transitioning to a core/noncore market structure in 18-24 months ( this can be accomplished without stranding CDWR's contracts ) Concessions -IOUs ( MOU modifications ) -Generators ( past due amounts ) -investigations Package to finance the deal ( bond issuance backed by rate increases to permit securitization ) Message This is the last best chance to achieve a comprehensive settlement We have developed a comprehensive solution and are meeting with everyone that will see us . We have thus far received positive feedback on and a willingness to work with our proposal We intend to work tirelelessly to gain support for a total solution---it's vital , and time's running out Corporate leader strategy---Karen Denne Meetings with legislators in Sacramento---Sandi McCubbin WPTF , IEP , ARM---Sue Mara
Agreed . Great idea on characterizing it as a "melding." Need to fill you in on the "investigation" discussions with the Republicans in today's meeting with Lay . You still around ? Best , Jeff
This is real helpful . Thank you .
Greetings Laura and Marybeth: Laura: If you have the time and the inclination , I'd like to spend a half-hour briefing you on the energy situation . I apologize for the brevity of this note , but can fill you in more if you think that there's value in chatting . In a nutshell , there's a concerted effort underway----one last big push----to try to get a comprehensive solution in place for California that works for the majority of constituencies ( i.e. , broad coalition right and left of center) . The deal would be bi-partisan . If successful , the deal would: Put rates in place that reflect and cover costs , repay debts , send the right price signals for efficiency , but fall short of "shock therapy." Return the utility to creditworthiness as a result of the new rates . Use the minimum amount of State- and utility-backed bonds to finance the solution Turn the procurement role back over to the utilities ( and away from the State ) once creditworthiness is established---3-6 months following the rate changes . Establish the competitive market structure that California was promised but never got---consumer choice for all customers; 18-24 months later , large industrial would be required to procure electricity needs from the market . NOT include government takeovers of the industry ( e.g. , sale of utility transmission assets to the State would not be part of any deal) . Include a contribution from large players , e.g. , utilities and suppliers . Resolve the myriad lawsuits , investigations , etc . Those involved still believe that there is a need for a group of "wise persons" to help get the deal done . L . Summers is willing; others are being considered . Your name has come up . But that issue can be addressed later . The goal of a phone call would be to bring you up to speed on the events , which are breaking quickly . Hope all is well and hope to talk to you soon . Congratulations on Haas' #7 ranking in US News and World Report . Best , Jeff Office 415.782.7822 Pager 888.916.7184 Home 415.621.8317 Cell 415.505.6633
Our pleasure . Don't forget to water the tomatoes ! Lemm get this straight---you roughed Eldon up in ping pong ? Best , Jeff
You got it . I'll leave another one COB . Hope you're well . Best , Jeff
Be happy to if you think it's useful . Just let me know what you'd like me to do . Best , Jeff
You got it .
Agree with your suggestion on how to "re-package" the solution . They should write and call legislators and the governor and all sign a document endorsing it . Best , Jeff
Hi: Just got your page re: talk today at 2PM . I'm assuming that this note is no longer valid and that you're not trying to set something up for 2 PM tomorrow ( Wednesday) ? Thanks . Jeff
What's Sunday ? Would that be "frog gras?"
Greetings: Steve Kean and I met today with Jack Stewart , Pres . of the California Manufacturer's and Technology Ass . and Alan Zaremberg , CEO of the California Chamber of Commerce . Jack Stewart was happy to hear about our efforts and is generally supportive--particularly regarding direct access--but wants more information regarding the core/noncore proposal . We have a meeting set up for Thursday morning at 8 AM in the SF office to discuss it further . Stewart will bring Keith McCrea , long-time lawyer for CMA to the meeting on Thursday . Zaremberg was extremely happy to hear about our efforts and the overall package , and was much more receptive to the core/noncore proposal . Though he , too , would like more details . Turns out the he and Bill Hauck--former Wilson administration official and now head of the California Business Roundtable---have been walking the halls of the capital urging the same thing we've been urging , i.e. , D's and R's need to get together ( read "grow up" ) and do a comprehensive deal . Steve and I had an impromptu meeting with Hauck , and then I followed up with him in the afternoon---he , too , is very supportive . We stressed how important it is for business leaders to aggresively support and pitch: 1 ) the idea that both sides of the aisle , and the governor , need to resolve this now , and 2 ) the framework for a comprehensive solution along the lines that we've described . They agree , and while we have a good bit of additional work to due before they are vociferous advocates for the core/noncore proposal , they certainly didn't reject the idea . Will report back on the Thursday follow-up with CMTA . Best , Jeff
I'm serious . Are you referring to the proposal that no one knows about that everyone knows about ? We going to celebrate ?
Marybeth: My apologies , but Steve's going to be in a meeting with the Governor from about 1:30 to 3 PM today and then is likely on a plane directly thereafter returning to Houston . Likely best to try to arrange the call for tomorrow , if that works with Laura . I'll check Steve's schedule and forward the information to you . Best , Jeff
chk sac bee editorial . supports our efforts . rails on windfall tax . jeff
Hi . got your message . let's talk later . i'm getting something together for Ken Lay . Could you send me the forward price curve slide ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
whaddya mean , you think so ?
you and eldon want to golf 9 holes sunday morning ?
just didn't know if we could get you guys to play all 18 . 18's fine with us .
Yes , I will be on the call . Thanks very much .
Am faxing you the presentation right now . jeff
9 AM ?
Dude: If I don't see you , good luck this weekend , have fun , and congratulations . Very cool deal . And remember , be true . Best , Jeff
were we named ? jeff
you need me to try to track it down ? jeff
give a gray a big hug for me . best , jeff
Our plan worked . By telling you two you better hurry cuz otherwise we'd go ahead , you guys jumped first . Thanks . Now all the pressure's off . Yes , we'll be there on Sunday . I think the only person who doesn't know is Cameron... . Best , Jeff when you're chief of staff , you get all the fun... .
ene ended up $3.09 today . keep it up . jeff
meeting still going ? jeff
constructive ?
sorry . screwed up . stewart just called . meeting w/cma's tomorrow @ 8AM . will do solo . jeff
what do you mean , house guests from la jolla ?
how did that happen ?
Great . Glad to hear Sue picked it up . I'll touch base with her . Best , Jeff
some additional information beyond duh would be useful .
shoot , we're going to see Tom and Karen on Saturday .
FYI . Ken Lay asked to have the pitch that he's been making California be quickly put into a few power point slides for use in meetings he's having this week at the gathering of the Business Council ( back East ) with a group of California CEOs ( e.g. , Sun , Chevron , Amgen , Bechtel and others) . This is the version that we gave to Lay's office; he may have modified it . Will check with Rosalee to get the final and distribute that version if changes were made . Best , Jeff
Met early this morning with Jack Steward ( pres . of CMA ) and Keith McCrea ( lawyer for CMA ) to follow up on the meeting that Steve and I had with them regarding the proposal Ken Lay was pushing last week: They like taking Tx out of the MOU , they like getting DWR out of the power purchase business , and they think that Edison's MOU needs a little haircut . McCrea pushed back initially on core/noncore ( "why should it be mandatory to go the market?") , but after much discussion they agreed that our idea for core/noncore has a lot of merit . Our idea is that 1 ) the core/noncore would take effect in 18-24 months , when the markets settle and prices come down , 2 ) everyone ( core and noncore ) should pay for DWR's "past" purchases , since everyone consumed it , 3 ) core customers should take IOU generation , QFs and DWR contracts ( which eliminates the core's "net short" position , and 4 ) noncore would go to market and would not have to pay for any of DWR's "going forward costs" ( since core gets them , in exchange for getting all the low-cost IOU generation ) I told them we are still crunching the numbers to see what the rate effects would be and would share it with them when we're done . While they are supportive of this approach and agreed that it would be useful to continue to flesh it out , they are not convinced that it will get the necessary support to get passed . They are also withholding final judgment until they see all the numbers , i.e. , we've still got some work to do . They are very cynical about anything getting solved in California , and are extremely upset about the PUC's proposed rate decisions released by the judge and Loretta Lynch . They place very little trust in the Governor or the Legislature . Interestingly , the rate increase decisions , coupled with calls in Sacramento for an immediate move to core/noncore , makes our proposal very attractive to CMA . Nonetheless , they said that they will continue to engage and are willing to commit to continue meet to try to get California's mess resolved .
Don't know how I got on the list , but just got my invitation to the Western Conference of PUCs meeting June 3-6 where the guest speakers are Frank Wolak and Gary Locke . Oh dear... . Best , Jeff
Hi: please add $4 of tolls for each day that I went to Sac this week . Thanks , Jeff
Wednesday works next week . But I warn you , I have NO control over my schedule these days , but I'm putting it on my calendar . Lemme know if that works for you guys . Best , Jeff
yes .
Can we have a call tomorrow to discuss status , etc. ? 10 AM Houston time work for folks ? Best , Jeff
yes .
This is a very good , easily digestible summary of the FERC order . Alan Zaremberg , CEO of the Chamber and located in Sacramento , asked if we had a summary that we could provide him . Zaremberg is convinced that no one in California understands what FERC did and wanted to try to educate them . If we sanitize it to remove anything sensitive , are folks comfortable providing it to Zaremberg ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
your call , baby .
hey , when are you scheduled to go in for your attitude labotomy ?
why ? ( touchee )
yes . in fact , i suggested it . be great to book jim . thanks .
Marybeth: I apologize . As I mentioned , this situation is extremely fluid . I also mentioned this morning that in yesterday's meeting w/the Governor , it was agreed that the meetings would continue , every day , until the thing got resolved . I was just informed that I've been elected by my management to be on today's call ( Steve Kean and I will be our representatives) . It starts at 1PM . We are scheduled to talk at 2:30 PM . I'm hoping--but not altogether hopeful---that the call will end before 2:30 . I can't apologize enough for the scheduling problems , particularly since I'm the one who originated the request to chat with Laura . We can do it one of several ways; it's completely your call: 1 ) play it by ear , and I can let you know around 2:15 if I think the call's going to wrap up by 2:30 . 2 ) we can reschedule ( I would of course very much like to brief Laura on what's going on) . 3 ) you can decide it's too much trouble and throw up your hands , which I would understand . Let me know how you 'd like to proceed and please give my sincere apologies ( and best ) to Laura . I have to get on the call right now , so if you need to speak to a live person , give Joseph a call at 415.782.7841 . Best , Jeff
Hi Alan: In our ongoing analysis of the MOU , and in our attempt to put together a solution for California , we need to do a reality check on the implied curves the Governor's consultants are using to arrive at their rate proposals . To ensure an "apples to apples" comparison , we're hoping to get our curve data for 24X7 power , averaged on a quarterly basis , from 2001-2010 . Hoping that you can get that for us . That possible ? Let me know . Thanks a bunch . Best , Jeff
1 ) if he's got 30 minutes , then he should join for 30 minutes . 2 ) quite urgent , since the analysis needs to be done pronto . 3 ) if he can't join , that's ok . we can fill him after the meeting .
I'm trapped . Could I impose upon you to buy me my usual burrito from downstairs before I pass out ? Greatly appreciated . Thanks a bunch for your help with this .
we should distribute our comprehensive proposal to this group .
Marybeth: The call's ended and I'll be available for the 2:30 call . Best , Jeff
Good job . It's got traction . Can you call when you get a chance to
OK , I apologize , I've been trying to lock myself to the computer and crunch some #'s , but can't seem to get control of my schedule . Wanted to lay out the core/noncore model that's been pitched ( and that CMA showed keen interest in this morning ) to see if we're all on the same page; but perhaps this is the analysis that you're already working on: Split takes place either 1.1.03 or 6.1.03 . Core and noncore are responsible for the "DWR past purchases" ( spread over 15 years) . Core will keep IOU gen , QFs and DWR contracts ( which would eliminate the short for the core ) Noncore , in return for giving up the lucrative IOU gen , effectively accepts the short position ( i.e. , goes to market ) AND does not get sacked with DWR's going forward costs ( with "forward costs" defined as all power costs attributable to the "post-core/noncore" transition date . Let me know if this tracks with where we're headed . Thanks . Best , Jeff
Hi Maureen: Could you ask Steve if he will be able to make the 4:30 ( CST ) with Laura Tyson ? I think you 've got the call-in number . Tell him it's not big deal if he can't--I can handle--but if he can , it might be useful for him to be on the line . Thanks a bunch . Best , Jeff
FYI . Silicon Valley Manufacturing Group ain't happy about the rate increas(surprise) .
So does this mean we're right where we left off with respect to status of bills like wind-fall profits , jails for generators , etc. ?
You are so sweet . Thank you . WHAT are you doing working so late????!!!! !
See Riordon note below .
Thank you .
Will do .
Great . Thanks . I intended , and will be sure , to include Karen on the stuff that I pull together today . Karen , if there's anything else I need to do to coordinate . Best , Jeff
Take a look . Interesting stuff . I'd say it further adds to our momentum .
I don't have an attachment .
plz see email for hertzberg talking points for phone call . turning to CEO materials now . jeff
This looks fantastic . I apologize profusely . I've got a dozen assigments to finish by COB . But having read this , you obviously needed no help from me . Let me know how the call with Riordan goes . Best , Jeff
Got message re: letter from Sherman to OPIC . I'm in all day Monday . Best , Jeff
Hi Maureen: Could you please make sure that Steve gets these ? Thanks a bunch . Best , Jeff
Michael: did we decide to use the PUC's load numbers ? I would worry about that ( particularly since we use the MOU QF/IOU gen numbers) . I suggest that we use the MOU load numbers for the three utilities , since the PUC numbers seem real screwy e.g. , they have PG&E's load being smaller than Edison . Best , Jeff
FYI , another arrow in our quiver: ?  Moody's has put California's credit rating under review for another downgrade . Sources report that Moody's , S&P , and MBIA have all informed California that "the only way the state will improve its credit rating and look better to investors is to get out of the power business and resolve the
Yes , please submit my name . Thanks a bunch . I'll be talking about everything .
Bibi's the man---he's the guy I mentioned when we discussed the other night .
can we use the MOU total load numbes ( e.g. , 93 GWH for PG&E ) and divide it up using the proportions in the PG&E numbers ?
Greetings Piper: My name is Jeff Dasovich . I'm in Enron's San Francisco office . I think you've spoken with Karen Denne . Scott asked for some background materials on our proposed solution to California's electricity crisis . I'll be forwarding those to you sometime between 5 and 6 PM PDT . Does that work for you ? Best , Jeff Dasovich Enron Corp
agreed .
Nancy Rivera-Brooks of the LA Times just called . Said she'd heard that Ken Lay and Governor are in frequent talks discussing the possibility of Enron buying Edison's transmission system . I told her that Enron is not in the market for transmission systems . Next thing you know , we'll want to buy the nukes . Best , Jeff
Amen .
Please , please keep Dave out of it . Note to follow .
It'll be to you in about 10-15 minutes .
chk vmail when you get a chance . best,jeff
You're much too kind . Thanks for the feedback . My brains just about spilled out end of the day Friday . Spent the weekend in a haze . Best , Jeff
coincidentally i did see governor backbone on the show . i don't think that we can count on him toning it down anytime soon , which will not be helpful in getting a solution out here . best , Jeff
I'll be on the call . Hope all's well on your end . Best , Jeff
I saw "the event" re-reun on local cable access TV ( randomly viewed on Saturday) . It was not pretty and Jeanne did a great job of remaining calm and exceedlingly professional---and what a camera presence ! Unfortunately , I wasn't thoughtful enough to send flowers , but a large bouquet is certainly in order . Best , Jeff
Thank you very much . Best , Jeff
Hi Piper: The email I sent on Friday to Scott McNealy's address ( listed below ) got bounced back to me . Just wanted to make sure that you folks received the materials . Best , Jeff
Greetings: As folks heard , Ken Lay met with some California CEOs last Friday back East . As a result of that meeting , McNealy , CEO for Sun , asked for some background and more detail on what Ken Lay proposed as a solution for California during his meetings in California over the past couple of weeks . McNealy and others have expressed a willingness to make phone calls to policymakers , etc . to try to advance the ball . I pulled this together very hastily on Friday and take responsibility for all errors , omissions , ramblings , etc . Wanted to distribute , however , to make sure that all had the info that is getting distributed . Know folks are busy , but this will likely get distributed to other CEOs this week , so any comments , suggestions , etc . about how to improve are welcome and appreciated . Best , Jeff
I'll assume that you'll follow up with Piper on this ? Best , Jeff
Greetings: Can we meet at 5 pm CDT/3 PM PDT to see where we are on the analysis ? Best , Jeff
Hi Twanda: I can make the call . Best , Jeff
Thank you again .
From the Dow Jones Newswire:
Thank . Talk to you then . Best , Jeff
Your call . Let us know what we can do to help . Best , Jeff
you getting pages in Tokyo ? jeff
thx for call . no about plan "B" but haven't seen anything on paper . jeff
s . govenar is faxing me a copy . thx very much for the info . jeff
Man , you rule ! Good job . I'll give you a call .
Thanks . Will be very interested to hear how the meeting goes . My sense is that the timing could be just about right . Best , Jeff
I can make either time . Just let me know . Best , Jeff
It was a beautiful day ( and evening) . Congratulations to you both . It is a very sweet thing for two very sweet people , and I'm sort of choked up for being asked to be in the wedding party . It was a great day for everybody . Congratulations . Best , Jeff Beware , the mighty reefer... .
Maureen: Few things . I was on the call with Steve today and he asked me to do a couple of things . 1 ) Send a summary of today's call to the email list that you've put together . I've got the list from the note you forwarded to me with the call-in info for today's call . Is that the complete list ? If not , could you foward me the most recent one , which I'll use to distribute the summary ? 2 ) Could you set up another call for this Friday ( May 18th ) for 60 minutes at 10 CDT/8 AM PDT , and distribute to the same bunch of folks that were on today's call ? Thanks a million . Best , Jeff
FYI . Best , Jeff
Got a message from PG&E . Open season will be for 2003 and beyond and they'll be accepting bids up to 30 years . Will talk to PG&E and get back with more information . If you having any questions give a holler at 415.782.7822 . Best ,
FYI--unless I'm mistaken , the assignment that Steve gave Mike was a very quick and dirty analysis as I recall , i.e. , should by no means be the tail that wags the dog . P.S . I eye-balled Mike's numbers , below . Looks like about $75K for three months . Best , Jeff
Great suggestions . Thanks so much for the help . Best , Jeff
FYI .
I can do tomorrow .
Thanks a million . FYI , I meant to send you a "thank you" note in response to the note with Friday call-in info , but it went to Steve instead . Best , Jeff
Message(s ) received loud and clear . I'll await Paul's email and proceed according to that plan . Best , Jeff
Enron will very vigorously support the CS and I would hope that we could get as many people as possible to do the same . Let's face it , California's gas industry is a mess for the same reasons the electricity industry is a mess ( despite , and perhaps contrary to , the substantially more narrow reasoning offered by the Brattle Group) . The CS is a well-thought-out , well-designed program for moving forward; unlike the "interim," which takes two steps back . Can we split up the names of all the people who signed on and call them and try to get them to show up in support ? Best , Jeff
How's this look ? Steve Kean Rick Shapiro ( GA ) Paul Kaufman ( GA ) Vicki Sharpe ( EES ) Mike D . Smith ( EES ) Karen Denne ( PA )
Thanks . I'll get you one more name then . FYI: To use a Kaufman phrase , "I'm a little frosted." I'm on a litigation call , on which I mentioned the Plan B ( which I got only because I searched out Scott Governor yesterday) . On the call Sandi said , "Jeff , there's a response from the Governor to the Plan B , which I faxed to Steffes yesterday." I want you to know that I took a deep breath , and asked Sandi to fax it to the San Francisco office . Unreal... . Best , Jeff
Thanks Robert: One caution . It's important that the first-cut analysis be "simple" and uses , to the maximum extent possible , the MOU numbers and modeling . This allows us to explain a complex situation to people who aren't necessarily "numbers oriented" and to do so with an "apples-to-apples" comparison . That's not to say that we won't be doing scenarios--we will--but it's important to have , at the outset , the cleanest , simplest version of "here's what core/noncore looks like when we apply your numbers to your model." That said , I understand that even with the simple base case , some tweeks are likely . Talk to you in an hour . Thanks again for the help . Best , Jeff
I am on back to back conference calls . What would you like me to do to help get materials prepared for Ken Lay ? I'm available at about 11:45 AM my time if you'd like to try to talk then . Just let me know . Best , Jeff
What are the details for tomorrow ?
Looks complete to me . No comments . Best , Jeff
sorry to bother you with this , but could you please fax me the governor's response to plan B ? thx , jeff
My apologies in the delay getting this to you . Best , Jeff
Was a pleasure . Never hesitate to get in touch if you need anything . Best of luck . Look forward to working with you folks . Best , Jeff
As always , can't thank you enough . I get the sense that Loretta's decision will have to get somewhat friendlier to business ( and our poor economy) . Best , Jeff CTO or CIO , or both . Phillip is first name .
You going to brief me tonite on tomorrow's meeting ?
You did an absolutely fabulous job on Sunday . It was a great time , the food was extraordinary , and the wine was better still . Thanks so much for it all . You're very sweet . Almost makes any more engagements superfluous , don't you think . ( kidding! ) Don't forget to water the tomatoes ! Best , Jeff
Thanks for the commnets , Lynn . I've faxed you a copy of "Plan B." I'll let others chime in , but ideally it seemsthat we'd want to start the meetings next week and have at least the rough outline of a proposed , comprehensive solution to put on the table for discussion . But at a minimum we'd want to get "the process" nailed down by very early next week . Best , Jeff
Thanks very much .
i won .
"Plan B" As folks know , there's a group of moderate Democrats in the CA Assembly that has been working on a "Plan B." They've been working on it because they're not satisfied with the Governor's MOU with Edison . The Plan B group has been talking to a broad array of stakeholders , including Republicans , to get input into how "Plan B" can improve upon the MOU . First the good news about Plan B: a fairly bright group of legislators is rolling up its sleeves and attempting to come up with a centrist solution to the problem , and they're at least creating the appearance of trying to be bi-partison about it . ( There is at least one idea in Plan B that is attributable to a Republican--Keith Richman--that Ken Lay met with a couple of weeks ago. ) So the beginnings of a process to resolve California's crisis may be emerging . Now the bad news: because they are trying to build a consensus , Plan B is a mish-mash , isn't focused , includes some pretty bad ideas , excludes some good ideas ( like re-establishing Direct Access immediately) , and is going to require a lot more work to get right . Update on Efforts to Achieve a Settlement In the meeting with the suppliers that Steve Kean and I participated in yesterday , one of the financial consultants hired by the Governor criticized several of the Plan B proposals as unworkable . On today's call with the Governor's staff and suppliers it became somewhat apparent that the Governor isn't going drive a resolution , but will leave it to the Legislature to take the lead role . The staff emphasized repeatedly that the lawsuits , investigations , etc . were not on the table for discussion in any global settlement talks , and that attempting to bring them in to the negotiations was a nonstarter . Instead , the Governor's staff said that the group should focus on the size of the discount that suppliers would be willing to take . The suppliers pushed back , stating that including haircuts in the talks while excluding the lawsuits , investigations , etc . is one-sided and unworkable . The staff urged the group to begin negotiations with the Legislature , but made it fairly clear that the Governor would not be the one to pull the necessary principals together in a room to hammer out a solution; his staff implied instead that it's up to others , i.e. , the suppliers , to get the process of negotiations underway . Next Steps If the Governor's financial consultants are prepared by Friday , they will brief suppliers on the ways in which the administration is attempting to resolve the State's creditworthiness issue to encourage suppliers to do power deals with CDWR . It they are not ready by Friday , the suppliers will meet separately to discuss next steps . Finally , there's been some confusion . My apologies . Sandi faxed to Jim and Harry yesterday a copy of "Plan B." Sandi mentioned that the Governor gave the Plan B group an analysis of the Plan . For those that have a copy of Plan B , see the 10-page memo dated May 12th , attached to the back of the Plan . The memo is from Joe Fichera to John Dutra , Fred Keeley and Joe Nation ( 3 of the Plan B Democratic legislators) . Joe Fichera is the head of Saber Partners , a financial consulting group that the Governor hired to advise him on the crisis . If anyone has not yet received a copy of Plan B , please let me know and I'll get it to you . Best , Jeff
No problem . We will fax it to you . Best , Jeff
What wine tasting ?
Greetings . Will there be a call-in number ? Best , Jeff
never mind . I actually bothered to read the ENTIRE note and answered by own question . Apologies . Best , Jeff Sorry , but thanks .
FYI .
I'll be here .
Very nice touch; particularly the opening paragraph . You do good memos . Should one expect any fireworks ? Best , Jeff
Hi Maureen: Steve should have received via fax from Scott Govenar a letter to Hertzberg and Burton from the Republican leadership in the CA Legislature . The letter 1 ) conveys a strong willingness on the part of the Republicans to work together to solve the problem and 2 ) provides an outline of the key components of a comprehensive solution . Could you please get a copy of the letter to Rosalee; and Rosalee could you get a copy of the letter to Ken Lay ? Thanks very much for your help . Best , Jeff
I'll buckle up . P.S . 1Scott faxed you a letter from Cox and Brulte to Hertzberg and Burton . Check it out . It's a pretty darned smart letter: 1 ) very cooperative 2 ) substantively attractive and rational . Best , Jeff
Sorry I had to get off the call early . Hope it helped . If there's anything else you need , just let me know . Best , Jeff
yep . it's on its way .
aye aye .
FYI: Just got off the phone with Michael Hoffman , who's one of two key outside financial advisors to Davis on the electricity crisis . The administration is trying to get a legally binding agreement between the PUC and DWR to ensure that the PUC doesn't muck around with the money ( via utility rates ) DWR requires to be creditworthy . They were shooting for this Friday to have a draft of the document read for folks to review , but it now looks like it won't get resolved until ( at the earliest ) next week----seems that the one PUC lawyer who can actually do the work is on vacation . Go figure . Best , Jeff
Thank you for the feedback . We're "sanitizing" the document a wee bit ( taking out the "opposing view--response" part) . When that's done , I assume it will OK to distribute . Karen ? Best , Jeff
I'm trying to meet a deadline at the moment , but are you free this afternoon ? I have some information that can help a lot in that analysis . Best , Jeff
I'll give you a call then .
Few changes made . Here it is . Best , Jeff
The place ( outside ) is a mess and needs some clean-up ( e.g. , get all that old wood out of the front yard , whack down the weeds) . Possible for you guys to come up next Wednesday night and we can do a quick clean up on Thursday . I'm going to try to hire a hauling company to help us and haul it away . If Cameron has to work are you available ? Best , Jeff
I'll do it , babe .
Apologies . Can we make it 4 ?
sounds good .
got message . thanks . will talk to michael tribolet . Best , Jeff
thanks . talk to you then .
Duly noted on the email address . Look forward to seeing you when you in California . Best , Jeff
Apologies , but I'm trying to make sure that I have the meeting times right . Monday 10:30 AM CDT--"All hands" meeting with business folks . Monday 3 PM CDT--Washington Call Thursday 4 PM CDT--Leadership call Do I have these right ? Thanks a million . Best , Jeff
Greetings: Please see attached file . Do have have the information necessary to add a final column "Rates Established in Final Order?" Could you let me know ? Thanks . Best , Jeff - Comparison Table 5.10.01.xls
yuck yuck
Thank you . So the leadership call is otherwise 4:30 PM CDT on Thursdays ?
going to be more like 6 pm my time for hte background . my apologies .
Here it is . See you at Sun bright and early . At this point , I'm planning on accompanying you to LA , but we can play by ear . Best , Jeff - Comparison Table 5.10.01.xls
Dial in is 888.469.1069 . Pass code is reliant energy . Best , Jeff
Thanks . Good luck .
The dinner was incredibly delicious . Thank you very much . I apologize for being so late--increasingly I have less and less control over my schedule . Would have much preferred to have spent it with you guys . And sorry that I pooped out so early---I'm running on zero sleep and had a 7:30 conference call this morning . That said , the dinner was really extraordinary . You guys outdid yourself . Made an others tough day very nice . Thanks . Best , Jeff
sorry . running around . just got message . am at desk now if u want to patch me in . your call . best , jeff
These are the materials that Ken Lay used in his discussions with California business leaders . The word document was provided as background . Please keep confidential and if I've missed anyone please forward along . Comments are welcome and appreciated . Best , Jeff
u see letter from barry goode to u re: lawsuits NOT on table ? jeff
PG&E will announce via press release very early next week an open season on Redwood , Baja and Silverado . It comes in direct response to recent announcements of expansions into California by pipelines . The bid protocols will be structured similar to original open season from the original Gas Accord . The open season will start on June 1 and end on July 31 . Capacity will be available starting 1.1.03 . Bidders will be able to bid up to 30 years ( PG&E states that that's what generators want) . Accompanying the announcement will be another announcement that PG&E will expand Redwood by 200mmcf/day , which they hope to have available by 1.1.03 , or some time during Q103 . About 2-4 weeks after the open season begins , PG&E will file its proposed "Gas Accord II," ( the first one expires end of 02) . As part of that filing , PG&E will offer its proposed ratemaking treatment for the next five years ( beginning 1.1.03) . PG&E will not include in the open season 1 ) core capacity and 2 ) certain EAD contracts that extend beyond the Gas Accord 1 end date . In addition , PG&E will hold back an additional 20% ( after excluding core and EAD) , to be "open-seasoned" at some "future" date . The capacity to be auctioned is: 1 ) 900 mmcf/day on Redwood , 2 ) 245 ( annual ) on Baja , plus an additional 200/day in summer on Baja , 3 ) 155 on Silverado . How PG&E will market the 20% they intend to hold back , and when they might auction it off in the future will be discussed in PG&E's Gas Accord II filing . No single company will be awarded more than 30% of the capacity on any specific path in the primary open season ( though firms can bid whatever level of capacity they choose) . Please forwad along to anyone else who might be interested . If you have any questions , just holler . Best , Jeff
it was really good . how'd you cut up those damned potatoes like that ? u up for going to the dome wednesday night ?
call w/fluckinger ? no big deal . just curious . best,jeff
thx . no problem . jeff
Karen: Great job . Here are my edits . Best , Jeff
Michael Tribolet and I ( about 99% Michael ) have put together a rough cut analysis of the core/noncore structure , and some scenarios Hertzberg has asked for . Hertzberg's expecting some info from us on Monday ( and I'm sure that he'll want more scenarios , too) . Are you available first thing Monday morning to be briefed on the analysis , my conversations with Hertzberg , what Hertzberg's strategy is , etc. ?
Can you talk early Monday AM w/me & Tribolet re: core/noncore analysis for Hertzberg ? Jeff
Thank you . I will participate in the call . Best , Jeff FYI . Can you join ?
need to chk w/Tribolet , but does 9:30 AM CDT on Monday work for you ? jeff
Just in case anyone had any doubts about how Davis is approaching the issue..... . Davis announces four new energy advisors Gov . Gray Davis has added four new advisers to his energy staff , including members of former Vice President Al Gore's staff and campaign team . Chris Lehane , former Gore press secretary , and Mark Fabiani , a deputy campaign manager for the Gore-Lieberman presidential run , will coordinate the governor's communications staff on energy issues and help recruit a new director of communications . Lehane and Fabiani's company will earn $30,000 per month for six months . Nancy McFadden , former deputy chief of staff to Gore , will earn $118,000 a year as a senior adviser to the governor , said Steve Maviglio , Davis' spokesman . McFadden will concentrate on the governor's relations with federal regulators and with generators . Davis also has recruited Kellan Fluckiger , chief operations officer for the Independent System Operator , keeper of the state's power grid . Fluckiger is "on loan" from the ISO , and will work with energy suppliers , Maviglio said . -- Associated Press
No word from Steve . Ken thought the meetings were very worthwhile , though he was pooped by the time he got to the airport . We laughed ( cried? ) about Riordan during the car ride . Best , Jeff
8:30 AM PDT , every monday . be great if you could join regularly . Best , Jeff
Nice job . Only comment is that the crazies in California now find market power under every rock and in every pipeline . I think there's a chance that someone might assert that 20% share equals market power . Might want to say "significant supplier" or something similar . No big deal , but I thought I'd flag it for your consideration . Best , Jeff
Yes .
On the call on Friday , Linda asked if we could distribute materials developed/used recently in California regarding the crisis and solutions to try to resolve it . Attached are: A "backgrounder" provided to the business leaders that Ken Lay met with last week A power point presentation that is a "higher level" discussion of the more detailed "backgrounder." If I missed anyone , please forward along . If anyone has any questions , give me a call at 415.782.7822 . Best , Jeff
Seem like it's up to Cameron . In the past , she's said that she doesn't like her B-Day to be included in the weekends' festivities . I'm happy to celebrate then , though ? And happy to do anything else that anyone wants to do to celebrate . Signed ,
You guys are stars . Thanks so much for all you did for Prentice . I think she had a really , really good time and felt really neat about the whole thing . She's wonderful and you guys gave her the wonderful day that she earned and deserved . Thanks so much . And , as usual , thanks for being great hosts yesterday ( Nancy , you outdid yourself with dinner) . OK , so I am doing everything that I can to leave for the Dome Wednesday night . If you guys want , we can pack up the Suburban with everything that needs to go up (  or at least just about everything) , and we can drive it up and then you two can take my SAAB up . Then , coming back , you can drive the Suburban and I can drive the SAAB . What do you think ? Finally , Eldon , do you have the Blue Book at your house ? I'm looking for the number of someone I can get to haul away all the crap ( junk from around the generator shed , that rotten ol' pile of wood by the driveway , the un-salvagable wood from the old deck , etc.) . Can you find a couple "hauler" numbers in there and send me the numbers ? Thanks a million . Best , Jeff
Yes , my trunk can handle that easily . Sounds like a plan ! I'm going to inform folks that I will be off Thursday/Friday . I'll let you what reaction I get .
chk out today's news . WSJ does feature on the "next phase" of e-commerce . and the Chron does a "is b2b dead" column in the biz section .
Power shortage shifts attitudes Posted at 10:51 p.m . PDT Sunday , May 20 , 2001 BY NOAM LEVEY Mercury News Sacramento Bureau California's spiraling energy crisis , already menacing the state's economy and sucking billions of dollars out of the state treasury , has dramatically shaken Californians' confidence in their future and their governor , a new poll shows . Nearly half of the state's residents now believe California is headed in the wrong direction , a stunning reversal from just five months ago , when nearly two-thirds believed the state was headed in the right direction , according to the poll conducted by the Public Policy Institute of California . And bearing the brunt of this new pessimism is Gov . Gray Davis , whose approval ratings have plummeted to 46 percent , down from 63 percent in January , when the San Francisco-based institute conducted its last poll . ``We have seen slow deteriorations in public attitudes during tough times in the past,'' said Mark Baldassare , who directed the survey . ``But what is most surprising is the speed at which this change has occurred . .  .  .  It is very Indeed , the energy crisis now dominates all other issues confronting Californians , according to the survey of 2,001 residents statewide . Forty-three percent of respondents listed electricity as the most important issue facing the state , compared to just 13 percent who identified growth and 6 percent who identified education as the next most important issues . In recent years , Californians have consistently ranked education as their top issue . And nearly two thirds of respondents said they fear the issue of supply , demand and cost of electricity will hurt the California economy ``a great ``Without electricity we can't do much of anything , especially work , and without work the economy will continue to tank,'' said Maria Griffiths , a 46-year-old juvenile court clerk in San Jose . Results dismissed The governor's top political adviser , Garry South , dismissed the findings as predictable . ``The voters are in a very bad mood . They are not happy with anyone in this drama,'' South said . ``But these poll numbers need to be taken in context . .  .  .  People don't understand what he's done because it is very hard to communicate that in this state.'' South emphasized that he believes Californians will understand the extent of Davis' efforts by the time they go to the polls next year . Davis is expected to run for re-election next year , and several Republicans , including Secretary of State Bill Jones , are already lining up to challenge him . Davis also has his eyes on the presidential election in 2004 . The survey found that most Californians do not blame Davis for the current electricity crisis . Only 10 percent say he and the current Legislature are culpable , compared to 32 percent who blame the utilities and 26 percent who blame former Gov . Pete Wilson and the legislators who passed California's landmark deregulation five years ago . ``He didn't make the deregulation disaster . I think that's Pete Wilson's legacy,'' said John Putica , 52 , a bank loan officer in San Jose . Criticism for Davis But there are nonetheless troubling signs for the man charged with leading California out of its power troubles . Sixty percent of those polled said they disapprove of how Davis is handling the power crisis , much to the delight of Republicans who have hammered the governor for not doing more . Davis has emphasized that the solution to the state's electricity crisis involves more power plants , more conservation and federal intervention to control the price that California is being forced to pay for power . The state has approved 15 new power plants since Davis was elected . But for the past several weeks , the governor has been fighting an escalating war of words with the White House over President Bush's unwillingness to support price caps on electricity . Bush's energy plan released last week again rejected price controls and focused instead on rapidly boosting the nation's supply of power . The Public Policy Institute of California's survey found that 43 percent of Californians believe that new power plants offer the best solution to the crisis . But there is far less support for either conservation or price caps; 18 percent identified conservation as the most important solution , and just 8 percent favored federal price controls on generators . That news was warmly received by a representative of power generators , who have been accused by Davis and others of artificially inflating the price of power to mine the California market for excessive profits . ``I think the public is skeptical of the actual benefits of trying to cap the price of power,'' said Jan Smutny-Jones , executive director of the Independent Energy Producers Association . Electricity generators argue that price caps will discourage the construction of more power plants . Backing re-regulation Meanwhile , consumer groups , who have been advocating for re-regulation of the electricity market , were left to hope that support for more controls will come when Californians' power bills start rising next month . ``People don't yet understand that generators are responsible for cutting off the juice,'' said Harvey Rosenfield of the Santa Monica-based Foundation for Taxpayer and Consumer Rights . ``But in three weeks , California is going to face a catastrophe . This is going to hit supernova status . .  .  .  Once people understand what the causes are here , I think they will understand that the only solution will be re-regulation.'' Whether they will trust the state to come up with a solution is unclear , however . ``The electricity problem has not only had major consequences on how people view their leaders and their short-term future,'' said Baldassare of the Public Policy Institute of California . ``There is less confidence in the state's ability to plan for the long-term future . And that is giving people worry . ``This crisis and the general economic uncertainty have severely undermined public confidence in California's future and its leaders.'' Mercury News Staff Writer Mike Zapler contributed to this report .
No problem . Let's talk . I'm really comfortably having you and me and your mom and keith talk about . I'm very interested in buying Jay's property , but I don't even the details yet . Here's my suggestion . If they want to come up that bad , they should . My agent is a very cool person up there . Here name is Sharon Burningham . She is with Coldwell Banker . Her number is 707.884.5270 . ext . 308 . You should feel free to tell your mom that Prentice and I have always have the intention of buying Jay's place , and we've had a sort of unspoken agreement that he'd give us the first "head's up" when he decided to sell . To be honest , we didn't expect it to be this quick , but hey , it is what it is . You can also tell your mom that I'm very happy to talk about partnering with her . But it's WAY to early right now . As we discussed , I need to spend some time with Jay---the other very important thing for me is that Jay's a very good friend , and I want to protect that , too . In the meantime , I think that it would be great for your mom and Keith to have Sharon take them around and show them some killer million--plus--dollar homes and have some fun cruising around and seeing what the area has to offer . I'm real happy to call Sharon , too . That sound like a plan ? Where can I call you ? Best , Jeff
Ditto . Hope to get to see you in person again soon . Lay said the CSU meeting went pretty well . Best , Jeff
Oversight . No other reason . Thanks for noticing and letting me know . Best , Jeff
FYI . Apologies for the oversight of not including you on the list . If you have any questions , etc . just give a holler ( 415.782.7822) . Best , Jeff
Hertzberg called . We very briefly discussed the scenarios that he asked us to build for him . I've attached the file . the supporting spreadsheets are not included . If folks would like them , let me know . Please keep the file confidential . Hertzberg wanted to see what happened to rates for large ( noncore ) customers if the small ( core ) customers' share of past utility debt is shifted to noncore customers . Our analsis shows that noncore rates approach Loretta's recent rate increases when approximately 50% of core's share of utility past debt is shifted to businesess ( i.e. , to noncore) . ( In fact , Edison's rate in this scenario is below the Lynch rate , while PG&E's is modestly above. ) Increasing the cost shift above the 50% level would start to push rates significantly above the Lynch rates . Note , however , that in its recent submission to the PUC , DWR's asserts that it's revenue requirement is substantially higher than the revenues support by the Lynch rate increase , suggesting that Lynch will have to increase rates again soon . In addition , Loretta's rates also do not reflect past utility costs , which will require yet additional increases . I expect to have another conversation with the Speaker later this evening or tomorrow to discuss the scenarios in more detail ( he would still like to put 100% of the IOUs past debts on noncore in exchange for getting a competitive market and out from under Loretta) . I will report back after we've spoken . All ideas , suggestions , etc . regarding the attached spreadsheet are welcome and appreciated . Best , Jeff
So far there's Wild Goose , but there in Northern California--have to go through the Wheeler bottleneck--so that likely won't hunt . Lodi's a possibility , but it's well inland , unlike the significantly more strategic storage assets on the coast . In addition , Lodi's in the process of selling , so there's some uncertainty in the short run . Bottom line , folks are trying to build competitive storage , but it's in the "emerging" phase in a very hostile environment . We should discuss further , though; very interesting idea . Best , Jeff
I'll have Joseph clean up the letter and send you the email/fax #'s etc . for the list , for the cards that I gathered . Best , Jeff
The advocacy ad blitz has started . I don't know if I have the title correct , but the D.C . based arm of the Democratic National Committee has started an ad campaign against Republicans ( in San Diego I believe) . The head of the committee was quoted this morning as saying something to the effect of , "the Republicans in Washington aren't doing anything to solve the problem and "we" want to make sure that they're held accountable." Best , Jeff
plz call as soon as you have a second . thx , jeff
I spoke again briefly with Hertzberg last night and had a lengthy discussion late last night with the guy from CSFB who's been providing Hertzberg with pro bono financial advice on the crisis . Hertzberg is still hot on putting all of the utility past due on the noncore , though his consultant and I agreed that , politically , the number is more likely to end up somewhere south of 100% ( if this thing gets legs) . Hertzberg asked for , and we provided today , a "fifth scenario," which shows how the numbers work out if 100% of core's share of utility past due is shifted to noncore . It's attached . Will report back with any further developments . Note: Please discard the file that I sent you yesterday and replace it with this one . That file accidentally had the same cents/kwh , noncore rate for both Edison and PG&E . Edison's rate should be 12.98 cents/kwh NOT 12.21 cents/kwh . It's the line that reads "Total cost to Noncore under CPUC's Recent Decision." Best , Jeff
Here it is .
sigh... .
Greetings Hap: Hope all's well and Edison's paying you . Please be absolutely sure in the future to email or phone me with a head's up on filings like these in California prior to filing . As you know , it's crazy in California , with a lot flying around in numerous forums . Even Ken Lay's frequently been to California over the past couple of months trying to educate and advocate rational , detailed solutions . Want to make absolutely sure that we don't step on each other in our many attempts to get this ridiculous state back on track . Not trying to slow you down , or dictate content; rather , given the high-stakes nature of the California situation , coordination is critical . Thanks much . Best , Jeff
Congratulations sweetie: Everything OK ? So glad to hear . All the best to all three of you . Best , Jeff
Ideally , we'd leave earlier--gotta go to Napa to pick up the Suburban , Annie , etc.---but otherwise , let's try to leave as close to 9 pm as possible . Best , Jeff
Duly noted . I'll send you the latest . I'll include you from this point on in the distribution list . If it gets to be too much in your in-box , just let me know and I'll try to pare it back . Here's the bottom line . Folks have asked me to coordinate California to some degree and there'll be an expectation that we're well coordinated . Again , this is not at all about making your life more difficult , just a case of being well-informed . And my apologies for not having included you on the email distribution list sooner . Best , Jeff
FYI . We're trying to keep the stuff confidential . Best , Jeff
Thanks very much for the info Scott . I'll give Allan a call . Best , Jeff
Was it an emergency bill ?
plz call when you can . 415.782.7822 . thx,jeff
To get from the California border down to Mexico , you would get service off of SoCalGas' and SDG&E's tariff ( i.e. , you have to wheel through SoCalGas and SDG&E to get there . There may be a single tariff for that service , however ( rather than taking service off of two tariffs) . I'll try to get the tariff numbers and get back to you . All the tariffs are on Sempra's website . Best , Jeff
Here's a map . Best , Jeff
Good talking to you last nite . Here's the summary with the 5th scenario . The Speaker has it . Give a call if you have any questions . Best , Jeff
Rick Morrow was very unhappy with it , which in some ways surprised me . Man , you were loaded for bear ! The points you made came off very compelling . You enjoying the new role ?
do you have eldon's cell phone # ?
plz call when you can . re: core/noncore . thx , jeff 415.782.7822
Anybody listen in on the press conference ? Anything of note ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
Thanks a million .
don't have that .
Rosalee: Could you please print out the following two documents for Mr . Lay ? One is an excel sheet showing the summary of the results of our analyis of the core/noncore market structure that Mr . Lay has been discussing with leaders in California . The other is a word document explaining the summary tables contents . If you have any questions , just let me know . Maureen , can you print out for Steve , too ? Thanks very much for your help . Best , Jeff
woodward is great ! damned good choice . who's the 12 ? and what day ?
Clearly , there are still some really crazy ideas floating around out there .
My apologies , Rosalee . Not sure what happened . Let's try again . Let me know if you're still having problems . Best , Jeff
Jennifer: I think that Jeff ( from Transwestern ) should take a look and provide any comments that he might have . Jeff , feel free to send any comments directly to Jennifer ( and copy me , too , since I'm always interested in your comments) . Thanks . Best , Jeff
That sounds like a fun meeting... . Best of luck . Best , Jeff
I'm off to a family gathering starting tomorrow ( but will be checking in Thursday and Friday) . I'm about 1/3 of the way through reviews . Any chance of getting a slight delay ( say until next Wednesday or Thursday ) to complete them ? Best , Jeff
I need to be in Los Angeles at about 10-10:30 am on june 5th . and we should do the colorado tickets , too , i guess . i'll call you tomorrow and we can discuss ? thanks for asking . Best , Jeff
I don't recall Lay saying that the increase should apply to DA customers . We should discuss further just to make sure that we're all on the same page . Best , Jeff
I agree .
Seems to have Riordan written all over it . I say "no big deal." We're talking to everyone . No secrecy involved . We'll keep talking , being constructive and trying to help develop solutions that work for CA . Your thoughts ?
pager ( best way to get me ) = 888.916.7184
FYI .
Greetings . Forgive the delays . The meeting can largely be summarized by the CEC presentation . I'll have Joseph email it to you . In a nut shell , there's more interstate pipeline coming to the California border than there is INTRAstate capacity to take it from the California border to the consumer/business . The CEC's forecasts show that things will be tight in California . The thrust of the workshop is that , just like power plants , intrastate pipeline capapcity is lagging demand in California and California needs to make a concerted effort at revitalizing the in-state gas infrastructure and do it quickly . Hope this is helpful , and again , sorry for the delay . Best , Jeff
I'd blow it off . Your batting 0.9999999999 . In anybody's book , that's phenomenal . Don't look back . And PR , under the circumstances , is doing a stellar job overall . Vacation was nice . Thanks . Bad thing is it made me realize how much more of it I need ( and likely ain't gonna get soon) . Best , Jeff
oh come on . you're kidding , right ? I thought i'd ostracized him from teh enron ranks . are you sure ?
I've got your glasses case with your sunglasses "clip-ons" and a letter to you of some sorts . May be other stuff , too , but that's all that i've found thus far . best ,
Greetings: Have you seen this ? Any view on whether there's a group of economists who think otherwise and might be willing to express their views in a response to this letter ? P.S . Talked to Tyson re: trying to get economists back in the middle of this , but I wasn't altogether successful . Best , Jeff
From Kirsten's second report , sounds like the core/noncore is getting longer legs and moving more quickly . I'm concerned about Bev speaking on our behalf---only because her knowledge base is quite low---and plan on phoning her to ensure that she has the message down pat . Thoughts ? Also , I've forewarded the econ letter to Teece to see if we can get the "manifesto" group to respond . Best , Jeff
just calling them as i see them . i WISH that i were glad to be back . but who knows , this core/noncore thing just might work .  please keep all fingers and toes crossed indefinitely . Best ,
Thanks . Talked to Rob . He's going to find out timing and cost to do a bigger American Ass . of Economist number on Wolak & Co. , while I work the manifesto gang . Best , Jeff
The bad news is I left my bag with clothes and toiletries at the Dome . The good news is it's a great excuse to have to go up again this weekend ! Thanks again for everything . Really nice with only the principals---smaller , more intimate , less mess---and the ping pong table is a HUGE hit . I hope you enjoy my loving ribbing as much as I enjoy yours . Best , Jeff
Yeah , tell me about it . ( Payback for what!?!? ) So that means you DON'T enjoy my loving ribbing ? P.S . My butt still feels like there's all these rubberbands wrapped around it......(:
FYI . For future reference .
You need to worry less about Cameron , because I think that it's one of those very deeply rooted Mom/daughter things , and will take time to work out . And I sense a phase that she's going through that is just like the one that my older sister went through with my Mom around the same age ( which I wasn't particularly happy about , but I think it's normal , sort of) . I'd be happy to talk about it if you want some time . I think part of it is going to be that primordial thing where she's starting her own gig with Scott and it's going to be like a second "breaking away" ( the one that comes after teen-age-dom) . So it's less about you and much more about her ( and Scott , to some degree , too) . I hope I'm not confusing matters more . Hugs , Jeff
Dear Ms Picky: Thank you and please don't hesitate to comment on such things in the future , because such comments are welcomed and encouraged . Signed , Grammatically challenged
Thanks , Karen . Chalk up one for the good guys . Barrett has been rock-solid ( and right ) on the issue .
Thanks very much Scott . Could you also forward to the SF office . Much appreciated . Best , Jeff
Status of core/noncore proposal Buzz about the proposal in Sacramento is still significant and growing . Our name is being tossed about , but in the context ( apparently ) of "some parts of Enron's core/noncore proposal." Hertzberg is slated to meet with his caucus this evening to discuss the plan . Conversation with Governor's Financial Advisor Talked to Michael Hoffman today ( one of Governor's financial advisors ) They've run Hertzberg's version of the core/noncore model ( i.e. , noncore eats IOU past due ) using their MOU numbers . They said that the model "can work" if noncore can contract for $80/MWH ( this is pretty consistent with our analysis) . Hoffman's guys are doing a final scrub on the numbers and Hoffman will fax me the results tomorrow AM . Hertzberg is coming up with "additional" twists , however . The twists include increasing the bond issuance to ~$20B ( to keep core rates down) . Hoffman and Co . are concerned that the market can't/won't swallow $20B of additional debt ( the MOU would issue about $13B) . In addition , Hertzberg wants to stretch it out for 20 years ( the MOU would issues 15-year paper)----Hoffman and Co . are concerned that the market won't buy 20-year paper . Hoffman & Co . continue to work on the DWR creditworthiness issue ( if not done by July , they'll lose the contracts they've signed , which have out clauses in the event that credit isn't in place by July ) Conversation with the Chamber The Chamber of Commerce called and I re-iterated ( again ) the key features of our core/noncore proposal ( as opposed to other features being tossed about , They were very appreciative , liked the features of our proposal ( again ) and we agreed to stay in close contact . Finally , I have a call into Hertzberg to see what else I can learn . Best , Jeff
For some reason , the sites not opening . I'll keep trying and keep you informed . Best , Jeff
You are most welcome , indeed .
What time's the show ? Do we know what station ? Here are my points: Stop the blame; stop the political rhetoric . If there's evidence that manipulation has occured , produce it--the investigations have been going on for a year . Stop the McCarthyist tactics . Californians want a real , comprehensive solution that is bi-partisan More supply Less demand No state takeovers; state out of procurement now . A real energy market place ( competition and choice ) Creditworthy utilities ( prices that reflect the true cost of power )
I've received a copy of the powerpoint presentation Hertzberg made to the his caucus . Unfortunately , it's a fax and hardly legible . I can make out , however , that it is the core/noncore plan . I'm attempting to get a better copy and will distribute as soon as I get my hands on it . Please keep confidential that we have a copy . Thanks . Best , Jeff
Folks: Here is a rewrite of the power point presentation referenced in the previous note . Again , please keep confidential and do not distribute . It's the copy that Hertzberg used to present to his caucus.Thanks . Best , Jeff P.S . Our numbers show that noncore for Edison would be about 30% of load; Hertzberg has it at about 20% .
u won't believe this ( o yes u will) . karen just called and told me that the event's been cancelled . but don't cancel anything until i get a chance to talk to her live first . thanks ,
Jennifer: To my knowledge , there's been no decision made to date on this issue of exit fees , either at the PUC or the legislature . But it's my understanding that the rate increases just imposed by the PUC will NOT apply to DA customers . What happens to customers who switch today , I'm not sure . Jeanne , any thoughts ?
FYI . I'll be overnighting to you the analysis done for core/noncore by the Gov's finance people . Best , Jeff
Jennifer: Please be sure to connect Tom and Nancy , since I had a discussion with her about CA gas and had this stuff sent to her . Best , Jeff
Plan would have biggest customers pay Edison's debt Greg Lucas , Sacramento Bureau Chief Thursday , May 31 , 2001 , 2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: Sacramento -- Legislative leaders are drafting a new rescue plan for Southern California Edison that would put the utility back on its feet financially at the expense of its biggest customers . The plan would leave manufacturers , refineries and other big industrial customers with the burden of paying nearly all the utility's $3.5 billion back debt through a dedicated charge . Residential and small commercial users would be on the hook for only a fraction of the back debt . Big users say it is unfair to saddle them with all of Edison's debt , but supporters of the plan say it's these users that wanted deregulation and should shoulder the costs it created . "We're trying to put something together in a way that solves all these problems , and if people are to be pigheaded about it , we won't solve any problems," said Assemblyman Fred Keeley , D-Boulder Creek ( Santa Cruz County) . Although the plan is an alternative to Gov . Gray Davis' proposed deal to put Edison back on its feet financially , it could be used as a model to help restore Pacific Gas and Electric Co . to solvency . Democrats say the plan contains some elements desired by Republicans , but GOP lawmakers object to saddling large business users with Edison's debt . The plan is based on the way gas customers are divided into "core" and "noncore" users . SEPARATING 'CORE' USERS Under this proposal , electrical users would be divided the same way . Core users would be customers who use 500 kilowatts or less a month . Noncore would be those using more than 500 kilowatts . Out of Edison's 4.2 million customers , only 3,600 would be noncore customers . But those 3,600 customers use about 26 percent of Edison's demand for energy . Core customers would get their power from generators owned by Edison , long- term contracts and alternative energy producers , such as wind farms and solar panels , on contract with the utility . That would mean those customers would no longer be subject to the whims of the spot market , which has far higher prices than other sources of electricity . Large users , the noncore customers , would be given the right to negotiate to buy their power directly from generators or build on-site power plants to make themselves energy self-sufficient . The plan would be phased in through January 2003 to give large energy customers time to prepare for buying power on the open market . During that period , residential , small business and large industrial users would all share in paying off Edison's debt . But in 2003 , that burden would shift exclusively to the big users . Republican lawmakers and those same large users have been clamoring to be given what is called "direct access" to generators so they can negotiate cheaper rates . Enron is also backing the idea of cutting loose the largest electricity users because that would create a built-in market for the energy the company sells . Large users who want to remain on the grid could do so . Sources said Edison officials met with lawmakers over the weekend to iron out details of the plan . A spokesman for Edison said he was "encouraged" by the talks . "I haven't seen a finished product or a plan," said Bob Foster , a senior vice president with Edison . "They're approaching this in a spirit of goodwill and trying to find a solution." Big businesses complain that the plan does not work because right now , there is nowhere they can buy cheap electricity . "We're very concerned that separating the core from the noncore means we will experience extreme rate hikes over the next two years," said D.J . Smith , a lobbyist for the California Large Energy Consumers Association . "When you add blackouts , the multiple interruptions of production and another potentially huge rate hike , the result would be catastrophic to the economy," Smith said . Added Dorothy Rothrock , a lobbyist for the California Manufacturers and Technology Association: "What's the rationale for the noncore to be paying the entire Edison undercollection ? It sounds to me like just pure politics . They don't want voters to pay because they vote." CONSUMER ADVOCATE SMELLS A RAT Harvey Rosenfield , head of the Foundation for Taxpayer and Consumer Rights , said he thought the plan would eventually turn into a bailout as business interests muscle lawmakers into pushing some portion of Edison's debt onto residential and smaller commercial customers . "I think it's a trick . We've seen this same tactic used at the Public Utilities Commission , where what were supposed to be rate increases for big business end up costing more for residential and small businesses," Rosenfield said . The new plan also does not include the outright purchase of Edison's part of the transmission system that loops electricity around the state . Davis backs buying the lines for $2.7 billion . Democrats have insisted that for the state's financial help , taxpayers receive something of value . Republicans have insisted that they will back no proposal that includes state purchase of transmission lines . In the new proposal , the state would have a five-year option to buy the transmission lines for $1.2 billion -- the book value of the asset . In addition , the utility would make $1.5 billion available to the state to either purchase other assets -- such as Edison's hydroelectric facilities , for example -- or use it in partnership to build new power plants . E-mail Greg Lucas at glucas@sfchronicle.com .
Municipal utilities warned Governor says he'll seize excess electricity if prices don't come down David Lazarus , Chronicle Staff Writer Thursday , May 31 , 2001 , 2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: Sacramento -- Gov . Gray Davis threatened last night to seize excess power generated by California's municipal utility districts , which he said have charged even higher electricity prices than out-of-state generators . Davis said in an interview with The Chronicle that some municipal utility districts have charged the state as much as 10 percent more than the average wholesale cost demanded by private power companies . The governor's tough talk came as California suffered through a Stage 2 power alert and faced the prospect of a long , hot summer of rolling blackouts and skyrocketing electricity prices . So far this year , the state has paid more than $8.2 billion to buy power for its cash-strapped utilities . In a variation on his threat to seize power plants from out-of-state generators if they continue gouging California ratepayers , the governor said he would use his executive powers to claim excess juice from the locally owned utilities if they do not lower their prices . He said he is ready to go to court if they offer resistance . "We're going to get that power one way or another," Davis said . Municipal utilities are city-owned power companies . In Northern California , there are municipal utilities in Alameda , Palo Alto , Redding , Sacramento and Santa Clara . Los Angeles has the largest municipal utility in the state . 30 DAYS TILL CONTRACT DETAILS For the first time , the governor also gave a time frame for releasing details of more than 40 long-term electricity contracts California is signing with generators since the financial meltdown of the state's two biggest utilities . He said that after about six more contracts get nailed down , he expects full details to be made available within 30 days . Although the contracts involve nearly $40 billion in public funds , Davis and other state officials have adamantly refused to divulge their contents , insisting that secrecy is needed to remain competitive during negotiations . The Chronicle and other media outlets have filed suit for access to the contracts , arguing that the public has a right to know how its money is being spent . RUDE AWAKENING While going toe-to-toe with the out-of-state generators , the last thing Davis needed was for municipal utilities -- the home team , as it were -- to emulate the Texas big boys and dig deep into California's pockets . Yet the governor's negotiators have been struggling for weeks to convince municipals that they are obliged to provide power at cost -- which Davis insisted they are required to do by law . He met last week with the heads of a dozen municipal utilities and told them explicitly that he would not tolerate gouging from within the state as California faces a summer of potential blackouts . The governor said after the meeting that the municipals had agreed "to make most of their excess power available this summer .  .  .  at prices significantly lower than those being charged on the spot market." Apparently , however , little progress has been made since that declaration . Davis told The Chronicle last night that he is still "trying very hard to promote this notion that we're all in this together." While unwilling to specify which municipal utilities have been most aggressive in their pricing , and refusing to place a dollar amount on how much the utilities charged , Davis said he is prepared to seize up to 800 megawatts of output if the they do not change their ways . Eight hundred megawatts is enough power to light about 800,000 homes . Representatives of the various municipal utilities could not be reached for comment , nor could a spokesperson for the California Municipal Utilities Association in Sacramento . "I told them that they will either ( reduce their prices ) voluntarily or involuntarily," the governor said . UNCERTAIN FUTURE It remains to be seen , however , whether the municipal utilities will play ball . To date , they have shown a firm inclination to go their own way . In March , Lodi's municipal utility district and a Northern California municipal utility cooperative that includes Palo Alto , Santa Clara and Alameda told Pacific Gas and Electric Co . that they will not participate in rolling blackouts during power shortages . "I won't arbitrarily screw my customers .  .  .  so 5,000 PG&E customers can turn on their lights somewhere else," said Alan Vallow , director of the utility serving Lodi's 58,000 residents . E-mail David Lazarus at dlazarus@sfchronicle.com .
Puh-leez . We did the plastic and the rocks to avoid weeding . How can there be any weeding ? Unfortunately we can't stop by on the way up , but likely on the way back , which may be Saturday night . If so , do you guys wan't to play golf on Sunday morning ? ( Prentice is leaving with her pals today , and I'm heading up sometime tomorrow. ) Dinner was exactly $50/person . Thanks for bringing the wine----my shirt loved it . Best , Jeff
Well , get out there and weed , then . Can't take Annie ( too short a trip) . I'm pretty sure that we'll be there . Make tee times for 9 am ? You can wait till we see you to pay . They did charge corkage---just a nice , not too expensive place .
u can cancel .
Here's the document that I sent , and the list of folks that I sent it to .
Here's the document that I received from the lobbyist today . It's the same document that I distributed internally yesterday . Best , Jeff
To add to Bev's comments , I've gotten many calls from large customers today . I'll be meeting with them in Sacramento on Monday to discuss the core/noncore structure further and try to craft a core/noncore structure that makes sense . I've also asked Sandi and the Sacramento team to line up meetings with key legislators while I'm there to discuss the same . Business is , as was expected , very unhappy about that portion of the plan that would stick them with all of Edison's debts . They view it as unfair and punitive ( which it is ) and are frustrated that the Democrats would include it simply to "make the deal Harvey proof." Many questioned Keeley about why the Democrats are hell bent on pandering to Harvey . Keely said that the Assembly is also trying to come up with something that will get support from the Senate ( read "Burton") . Keely also mentioned our name in a list of many names as sources of information used to build the proposal . Best , Jeff
Thanks very much Rosalee . Karen: Do you have a copy of the Dow Jones article ? I'd like to email the piece to Brulte , if you don' t have any objections . Best , Jeff
FYI . Did we talk to Leopold ? Might be useful to stress that that under noncore/core ( like Direct Access) , customers choose from among a host of competing providers for their service , not just Enron . Best , Jeff California Lawmakers Eye Billing Businesses for Edison Rescue By Jason Leopold 18:00 ET Dow Jones Business News ( Copyright ( c ) 2001 , Dow Jones & Company , Inc. ) Dow Jones Newswires LOS ANGELES -- California lawmakers are mulling yet another set of ideas for rescuing embattled Southern California Edison , and this time businesses would be on the hook . In an attempt to deflect charges of a bailout that have thus far stymied efforts to restore the utility to solvency , legislators are now considering ways to shift the burden of financing the rescue from residential ratepayers to the state's largest businesses , aides to key state lawmakers said this week . The ideas being worked over by Senate President Pro Tem John Burton , Assembly Speaker Robert Hertzberg and Assemblyman Fred Keeley have yet to take shape as formal proposals . But an aide to Burton said some key lawmakers are so "desperate" to keep Edison International ( EIX ) utility Southern California Edison from following PG&E Corp . ( PCG ) unit Pacific Gas & Electric into bankruptcy court that they are willing to consider anything that will takse residential consumers out of the equation . "The idea is that the large industrial customers are the ones who pushed for deregulation in the first place , so they should be responsible for bailing out Edison," the aide said . "We're looking to take the burden off of residential ratepayers." The premise of a plan discussed by lawmakers on a conference call Thursday is to designate Southern California Edison's largest commercial ratepayers as non-core customers . Those customers -- some 3,600 users of more than 500 kilowatt-hours a month -- would be responsible for financing the cost of power the utility must purchase or have purchased for it in the wholesale market . The non-core customers would also help the utility recoup most of its $5.5 billion in unrecovered power costs through a surcharge on their bills . Core residential customers would be protected from the wholesale power market as the primary beneficiaries of the low-cost power the utilities generate themselves or have locked up in long-term contracts . Enron Pushing Access to Customers Separately , Enron Corp . ( ENE ) has been lobbying lawmakers for several weeks to win approval to sign power-supply contracts with Southern California Edison's largest commercial customers , leaving the utility to serve just its residential customers and small businesses , aides to Gov . Gray Davis , Messrs . Burton and Hertzberg said . An Enron executive confirmed that the company sent a four-page proposal to Mr . Hertzberg proposing that Southern California Edison's large industrial customers sign so-called direct-access contracts with Enron . Enron also has recently made a presentation about direct access to some members of the California Chamber of Commerce . Under the proposal , heavy users would be required to contract directly with companies like Enron for their power . Direct access was a key part of the state's 1996 deregulation plan , but was scrapped early this year when the state started buying wholesale power in place of the utilities . The core/non-core proposal is one of several being discussed by lawmakers as alternatives to a memorandum of understanding Mr . Davis struck with Edison in April . The MOU -- which doesn't vary much from an agreement in principle reached in February -- has been called dead on arrival by some lawmakers , who have been mulling various alternatives rather than moving the agreement forward . State Sen . Debra Bowen , a Redondo Beach Democrat and chairwoman of the Senate energy committee , said there are so many "Plan B's" floating around the Legislature that , "We're going to need to hire an apiculturist." Steve Maviglio , a spokesman for the governor , said the Davis administration is still dedicated to seeing legislation to enact the memorandum of understanding move through the Legislature , but said separating the utility's "core and non-core" customers would be at the forefront of new discussions . It was too early to say whether the governor would support the plan , he said . Dominic DiMare , a lobbyist with the California Chamber of Commerce , said the chamber has told the Davis administration that shifting the burden of the Southern California Edison bailout to businesses is "a very bad idea" that could cost the state billions of dollars in economic activity . "This [plan] would really screw businesses," Mr . DiMare said . "We just got hit with a 50 to 90% rate increase . We're dangerously close to losing our businesses to other states." Write to Jason Leopold at jason.leopold@dowjones.com Copyright ( c ) 2001 Dow Jones & Company , Inc .
I'll forward the piece to Brulte via email and offer to meet with him when I'm in Sacramento on Monday , or have a phone call with him before Monday to discuss the proposal further if he would like . Best , Jeff
Greetings Senator: I'm informed that Mr . Lay is currently out of the country and that your message has been forwarded to him . In the meantime , I am attaching a document that Ken Lay distributed to business leaders at meetings in Silicon Valley and Los Angeles about 2 weeks ago . It is the document referenced in the Dow Jones wire story and does include the Company's view that a core/noncore market structure is the right answer for California ( though the document has not been shared with Speaker Mr . Lay discussed the core/noncore proposal extensively during his trip to Sacramento several weeks ago when , as you recall , he visited Sacramento and met with a variety of legislators from both sides of the aisle to discuss solutions to California's electricity crisis . But unlike the Speaker's core/noncore proposal that I read about in today's San Francisco Chronicle , Enron's the proposal does not shift all of Edison's past due amounts from small consumers to California businesses . The Company believes that all customers should be responsible for the costs that have been incurred on their behalf . I will be in Sacramento on Monday , June 4th and would like to discuss our proposal with you further if you would find it useful and if your schedule permits . I'm also available to discuss the proposal further by phone if you would like to talk before Monday . If there's anything else I can do , or if you have any questions , don't hesitate to contact me at 415.782.7822 . Best , Jeff Dasovich
I think you're dead on .
Not at all . Should I talk to Jason on background and set him straight ?
Municipal utilities lambaste Davis threat to seize power David Lazarus , Chronicle Staff Writer Friday , June 1 , 2001 , 2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: California municipal utilities reacted with shock and anger yesterday to Gov . Gray Davis' threat to seize their excess power if they did not slash prices to below-market rates . "I feel totally betrayed," said George Fraser , general manager of the Northern California Power Agency , an association of 14 municipal utilities . "It's clear to me that the governor doesn't understand the power business." This new dimension to the state's energy woes came as authorities issued their first one-hour warning of imminent blackouts in the Bay Area , only to cancel the warning an hour later when additional power supplies were found . Davis told The Chronicle in an interview Wednesday that some city-owned municipal utilities had charged even higher electricity prices than the out-of- state generators he has accused of gouging California consumers . He said he was prepared to use his executive authority "to get that power one way or another" if the utilities did not lower their prices . The state so far has spent more than $8 billion buying electricity on behalf of cash- strapped Pacific Gas and Electric Co . and Southern California Edison . "What the governor said makes no sense whatsoever," said Jerry Jordan , executive director of the California Municipal Utilities Association . "He was definitely off-base." Jordan said most municipal utilities already provided all surplus power to California's electricity market . However , he said , the municipals buy power at market rates to meet their own shortfalls , and thus have a responsibility to their customers -- local city residents -- to sell any excess supplies at the same sky-high price levels . "Our utilities are going to do what they can to help the state of California," Jordan said . "But they aren't going to do that at the expense of customers." Davis' threat followed a meeting last week with the heads of about a dozen municipal utilities . Participants said the tone of the discussion was generally cordial , and it was understood the governor's office would work up a plan for future electricity purchases . Davis' threat came out of the blue , they said . "We're willing to sell our excess power," said John Roukema , assistant director of Silicon Valley Power in Santa Clara . "But we have to deal with the same market conditions that the governor does." Davis doesn't see it that way . He believes that many municipal utilities are exploiting California's power shortage in the same way that out-of-state generators are walking off with billions of dollars in windfall profits . The governor's top energy adviser , S . David Freeman , said in an interview yesterday that Davis' threat to seize the municipals' power was intended as a reminder that the state expected prompt action on the issue . "We want to be sure that the municipals are not just talking the talk but doing what they say," Freeman said . He said municipal utilities should be selling surplus power at the same level it cost to generate electricity , plus a reasonable markup of about 15 percent . Freeman finds himself in a somewhat awkward position on the matter . Before signing on with the Davis administration , he was head of the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power , by far the state's largest municipal utility . The Los Angeles department has been accused by both federal and state officials of charging some of the highest prices of all for electricity . Earlier this year , it was asking as much as $1,400 per megawatt hour for its output . Frank Salas , the department's chief operating officer , said such prices were necessitated by high production expenses . "We were just recovering our costs," he said . For his part , Freeman insisted that no such pricing had occurred on his watch . "There was tremendous pressure on me to charge more," he said of urgings from Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan and other local officials for higher profits , demands that Freeman said he had resisted . "That pressure may have increased now that I'm gone," he said . "I don't know what they're doing now." The Department of Water and Power's Salas countered that Freeman should know exactly what his former colleagues were doing . "We have the same pricing structure now that we had when he was boss," he said . Fraser at the Northern California Power Agency said it was strange that Davis would be so aggressive in his dealings with the municipals , which provide only about 15 percent of the state's power needs . "He's kicking the little guy," he said . "He's picking on us because he can." E-mail David Lazarus at dlazarus@sfchronicle.com .
I've had several phone calls with large customer groups over the past 24-hours , mostly explaining our noncore/core proposal ( in contrast to the one that the Assembly Democrats have launched which would saddle business with 100% of the utilities' past debts) . As folks know , the cost shift provision of the Dems plans have been erroneously attributed to us in some cases . The business folks have been very appreciative of the discussions and have recognized that , generally , our proposal is a fair and reasonable one . They are going to try to set up direct negotiations with Hertzberg and have requested that I be part of those negotiations . They are not sure that Hertzberg will go along with the idea , but they're going to try . They will get back to me when they find out . I'll report back soon as I hear something .
Carolyn Kepplinger ( sp? ) is calling me---no doubt to talk about core/noncore . Her number's 202.383.2119 . You want to take it ? ( I hope you say yes. ) Best , Jeff
works for me , though i have to hop at 2 pm for another call . Best , Jeff
Dude: No problem . Sean paid me for his and Molly's dinner and Eldon and Nancy will pay me for theirs . No problem on the toast--I'm sure the favor will be repaid many times over . Rite Spot is always great . I actually got to bed by 11:30 , so I was OK yesterday . Best , Jeff Talked to Prentice . She's up for golf , so expect us Saturday night . Best , Jeff P.S . Don't forget to water !
you're a regulatory laugh riot . see you then .
see yesterday's and today's chronicle re: price gouging by in-state , municipally-owned utility generators . will be interesting to see if any anti-trust claims start flying their way . see you this weekend . Best , Jeff
I'll try to remember my check book... .
I'm trying . I've got cauliflower ear from all the phone calls . I'll be in Sacramento Monday . Will keep you apprised . I followed up with a call to Brulte and I'll try to meet with him on Monday , too . Best , Jeff
12:30 works for me . 2-330 does not .
sounds great .
Looks great . I'd like to be able to pick it up at 7 AM . Thanks very much for the assistance . Best , Jeff
I recommend that you wait . I've got a Brazil-focused commercial contact internally that I would like for you to meet with first . Best , Jeff
will miss you . hope you have a good trip . as it turns out , i'm in sacramento all week in close door negotiations trying to settle california's electricity mess . keep your fingers and toes crossed ! best ,
i'm very willing , but if it has to be done this week , it ain't going to happen----traveling , hair on fire , etc . let me know . hey , did you change jobs ? if so , congratulations . nice title . best , Jeff Please respond to josepht
Thanks . I have a contact . When can you be in Sao Paolo next ? Best , Jeff
Thanks , but ain't gonna happen this week . We'll have to wait till he gets back . Best , Jeff
I'll need clubs , and I'm right handed . Thanks so much . Best , Jeff
And a very good morning to you !
Haven't checked my calendar , but I plan to come . Been WAY too long . Best , Jeff Please respond to kontko
Hi Lee: Do you know what the subject of the proceeding is ? I'm traveling , but will try to get you info . Best , Jeff
sounds good . let's catch up tomorrow nite . Best , Jeff
congratulations on the promotion . let me know what i can do if the effort's still underway next week . Best , Jeff Please respond to josepht
sounds good .
Lee: Check the PUC website for information---it sounds like the PUC's inquiry into the adequacy of SoCal's insfrastructure , i.e. , in state transportation . Should be a lot about it on their website ( www.cpuc.ca.gov) . If you come up empty , leave me a voicemail ( 415.782.7822 ) and I'll track things down . Best , Jeff
Joe: You can expect a call from Joe Kaischkill about setting up a meeting in Sao Paolo to discuss your proposal . Let me know if there's anything else that I can do to help . All the best , Jeff
Letter looks great . Best , Jeff
Here's Ackerman's weekly rant and his email address . He'll put you on the distribution , and you can contact him about info on the KW memorial award . Best , Jeff
Here's the proposal that we talked about yesterday that I'll distribute at tonite's meeting . If you have any comments , just give a holler . Hope things are getting back to normal in Houston . Best , Jeff
Thanks . Merge away . Best , Jeff
Can I get a copy of the full document ? Is it ready yet ? Thanks a million . Best , Jeff
I'm traveling , but can call you in about 1 hour (  10 AM CDT) . Best , Jeff
In particular , would be nice to know how much of the "wealth transfer" went to the likes of LADWP , other CA munis , Calpine , and the federal government ( e.g. , BPA , Salt River) . Finally , how much did the utilities profit from the high prices ( i.e. , from selling their excess gen into the PX) ? Best , Jeff
Steve: Please review and edit as needed . I'm on my way to airport to return to SF . If you need me , please page . Best , Jeff
I can poke around---most of the associations in that group are in the negotiations I'm stuck in . I'll let you know what I hear . Best , Jeff
Joe , meet Joe . My apologies . I've had trouble getting contact information for Joe ( Kaishkill) . Joe K . could you confirm that you've received this note . Also , I left you Joe A.'s phone contact numbers on your Houston voicemail last week . Joe A . could you please send Joe K . your contact numbers again ? Thanks very much . If there's anything else either of you need , please don't hesitate to let me know . All the best , Jeff
the pleasure was all ours . prentice and i may be staying at your place
I'm very interested and will try to commit soon . Best , Jeff "Amy Gustafson Finch" Please respond to afinch
Let's discuss further , but I believe that the tariff would be a "generic" one for network service , with the price , terms and conditions dependent upon the size and other attributes of the customer . Not aware of any negotiated rates available from the US/Mex border to the burner tip in S.D . Best , Jeff
Sorry . Delete previous emails . This is the final version . Best , Jeff
we'll likely go to the gym ( in Napa ) and be back at your place around 7 . That in time for dinner ?
I'm assuming that we're not moving to fill the Sacramento position . If this is correct , let me know and I'll get back to Costigan ( who's the Assembly Republican leader's ( i.e. , David Cox's ) Chief of Staff . Best , Jeff
Unless the Commission specifically asked parties to describe how active they intend to be , I don't see any problem with simply stating that we will be a party to the case . Best , Jeff
Best stick with 10:30 then . Thanks . Best , Jeff
email works just fine for the PUC , but it would be good if they followed up with a phone call ( no big deal if they don't , but would be helpful) . Best , Jeff
Not a problem . Best , Jeff
PLEASE KEEP THIS NOTE , AND THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE NOTE CONFIDENTIAL . As folks are aware , we have been engaged in closed-door negotiations for the past two weeks regarding a possible market-based solution to California's electricity crisis . In the room are the major large customer groups , environmentalists , small customers ( TURN) , Independent Energy Producers , labor , the Western States Petroleum Association , and Enron . The negotiations were convened by the Speaker of the Assembly ( Bob Hertzberg) . When Hertzberg convened the meeting , he told the parties that he wanted to achieve a core/noncore structure , similar to the structure in place in California's gas market ( i.e. , large customers are required to buy gas from the market , with Direct Access available to all other customers) . In effect , "core" customers ( rez and small business ) would be served by the utilities' retained generating assets and QF contracts; and large customers would go to market . The core/noncore structure would begin 1.1.03 . The negotiating group has struggled over the past two weeks , but is close devising a framework for core/noncore in Californis ( but who pays for the utilities' past debts and the costs of DWR power purchased between January and today remain very contentious) . Unfortunately , with the release of the information regarding the DWR contracts last Friday , it is now clear that achieving a core/noncore structure will be very difficult unless something is done to mitigate the contracts . The problem is that , if core is served by utility gen and QFs , and large customers are in the market , there is no ( or very little ) need for the DWR contracts . Instead , they look like a signficant stranded cost . Hertzberg and the negotiating group are looking to Enron for creative ways to address "the DWR contract problem" in order to prevent the contracts from 1 ) killing the core/noncore deal and 2 ) forcing California to accept a structure focused on a state power authority headed-up by David Freeman that does not include Direct Access . Christian Yoder and Steve Hall are reviewing the contracts to analyze any "out clauses" that the buyer and/or the seller might have under the contract provisions . ( My cursory review of the contracts suggests that "outs" for the state are minimal or nonexistent. ) In addition , we've started batting around ideas about how the State might reform the contracts . All this said , want to let everyone know that we have made it extremely clear that Enron fundamentally opposes any and all attempts to unilaterally abrogate anyone's contract rights . We'd like to have a quick call tomorrow ( 30-60 minutes ) to brainstorm some options that we can offer Hertzberg to handle the contracts and keep the core/noncore solution alive . We'd like to try to have the the call at 1 PM PDT . Please let me know if this works for you , and if it doesn't , please let me know if there's a time after 1 PM PDT that works for you . Thanks , Jeff
Glad to hear that there's a meeting set up . My apologies again . I'm very wrapped up in trying to help solve California's electricity crisis . Don't hesitate if there's anything else that I can help out with . Best , Jeff
Glad to hear it . Let me know , once you've met , if there's any there there . Best , Jeff
Coulda sworn I mentioned DB when we had dinner with your guy at Bizou . Let's talk more to discuss the latest developments . Glad to hear that it's still moving along . I'm in town tonite . You MUST keep this strictly confidential----I've know Colleen for years . She's a sweet dear friend of mine . But she's driving me fucking crazy . I am very happy that you two are buddies and having fun together and that she's being such a big help with your wedding . But it's going to be best for you and me and Colleen and Scott and Tony Blair and Oprah Winfrey and Sammy Soza , and everyone else , if my contact with the wonderful Ms Silva is minimized in the immediate future . Don't worry about it . No big deal . Just want and need you to know . And please keep it very confidential . Thanks . Best , Jeff
Anyone in the market for a $400 hammer ? Alan: I'd like to use the info (  i.e. , "we think the contracts are $XX billion out of the money" ) in the context of the negotiations that I'm in and I'd also like to tell Hertzberg---it will provide a powerful and compelling case to do something about the contracts in order to 1 ) save the State's rear end and 2 ) ensure that the core/noncore structure remains alive . I wouldn't hand out any paper showing any analysis . How long would it take to refine ? Best , Jeff
Recall that at 4:05 PM on Wednesday , June 27th , we are scheduled to see the Giants clobber the bums .
Please don't use this yet . Refinements are underway by Alan Comnes , but wanted to give you a flavor for how underwater the DWR contracts are ( if marked to market today) . Jim's got it ,  too . Based on recent curves , $21B of the DWR contracts are stranded . Will give you the update once it's done ( likely tomorrow) . Best , Jeff
Let's do it . I'll do my darnedest to make it . Best , Jeff To: Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron@Enron cc: Subject: Meeting with CERA next week Jeff: As I told you I was planning to do , I have arranged a meeting with CERA nexweek ( I will be in town for the infrastructure conference ) on Wednesday , Ju27 at 9am in the Enron office . We will meet with Mike and Peter ( see biosbelow) . Please let me know ASAP if this does not work for you . I explainedto Mike that we really appreciate their research and just wanted a quick meeting with them face to face . Jennifer Michael Zenker Director , Western North America Energy Oakland , CA Michael Zenker has over 15 years , experience in the energy industry . He is an expert on wholesale electricity and natural gas markets in western North America . Mr . Zenker has extensive experience with California,s new electricity market and with power generation strategy and asset divestitureHe has assisted clients with retail marketing strategies and in procuring gas and electricity , and gas and electric transmission capacity . Mr . Zenker wasmost recently the Manager of Energy Trading at Southern California Edison,where he was responsible for electricity and gas trading , and dispatchingEdison,s nuclear , coal , gas/oil , hydro , and power contract resources . He was also responsible for natural gas transportation and storage at Southern California Edison . Mr . Zenker holds an MBA and a BS in Nuclear Engineeringfrom the University of California . Associate Oakland , CA Western North American energy Western power markets Western and regional market dynamics Western wholesale electricity markets Generation asset divestiture Generation asset values Western fundamentals analysis Peter Moritzburke specializes in the analysis of western US electricity andgas markets and evolving regional energy market dynamics . He has experiencein analyzing both US and Latin American energy markets . Prior to joining CEhe worked with the Independent Energy Producers Association in Californiaassisting in negotiations of agreements for the Western Power Exchange ( WEPEX) . Mr . Moritzburke holds a master's degree and a BA from the Universiof California .
Dave and Sue Mara . Ask Joseph to reserve the "large" conference room . Thanks a bunch . Best , Jeff
Barely . Missed you lots in Colorado . You better ? Best , Jeff
Problem is that core has enough through utility retained gen and QF contracts and "noncore" is going to market , so they don't need any of it , which means it's both above market and not needed .
Greetings: This item will be up for discussion in the California negotiations tomorrow beginning at 10 AM . We're going to have a call to discuss it tomorrow from 9 AM to 9:30 AM PDT . You will receive a call-in number shortly from Joseph Alamo . If there are others who you think ought to participate , please feel free to invite them . Thanks . Best , Jeff
Jay: I'm comfortable with our participation . Best , Jeff
FYI . Hertzberg and Keeley were in the negotiations this morning . We gave him an earful about this coming down the pike , and the fact that the contracts ( which are too expensive and which no one wants ) are driving everything and unless something gives , we can pack it up , go home and turn the keys over the Freeman and his bozos at DWR . The Sacramento types are mobilized on the issue and Hertzberg said that he's going to meet with the Governor and call Loretta . We meet again tomorrow at 10 to discuss the need to get rid of the contracts and to keep DA alive . I'll report back with any pertinent info . Best , Jeff
FYI .
Does not include gas-fired cogens . Agreement requires PUC approval . I believe that it's an all-in price , but I'll check . Best , Jeff
Please forward to whomever else needs it . Thanks . Best , Jeff
I'd vote to hold off .
how many MWs are we re-DASRing ? jeff Thank you .
Greetings Richard: When you get a moment , please give me a call . Best , Jeff
Looks good . I talked to Fossum before they wrote them . Best , Jeff
I talked to Richard today and let him know we're not filling the position right away . And we had a very good conversation about the negotiations underway and how we can help each other out . Best , Jeff
FYI . Hit the wires almost immediately . He handled it with great aplomb and delivered a very good speech . He had the crowd ( but for the pie throwin' types ) squarely on his side . Best , Jeff Enron CEO gets pie in the face from a protester Associated Press Newswires Copyright 2001 . The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) - A Texas energy executive got more than boos and jeers before starting a speech on California's energy crisis , he got a pie in the face . Jeffrey Skilling , chief executive of Houston-based Enron Corp. , was nailed with a pie by a protester at the beginning of his speech at the Commonwealth Club of California . Enron has come under fire after accusations from Gov . Gray Davis and state officials that it and other energy companies forced electricity prices skyward by holding back supply . Enron has denied such claims , and joined other power producers in arguing that the state and utilities owes them billions in unpaid bills . Davis acknowledged that Pacific Gas & Electric Co. , which has declared bankruptcy , and Southern California Edison together still owe generators such as Enron , Duke Energy , Mirant and Reliant Energy about $2.5 billion for past electricity sales . State officials countered that wholesalers charged as much as $9 billion in illegal overcharges dating back to May 2000 . The feuding groups are to meet in a single room next week under a federal order to try and work out agreements that could determine how billions of dollars will be divided .
I'll be off on Friday , but will be checking in for messages and will be equipped with pager . Best , Jeff
Note PUC decisions that DWR ( i.e. , the bonds folks ) say must occur . Best , Jeff
Davis trying to spin out of energy crisis Energy advisers have ruthless reputation Ken Garcia Saturday , June 23 , 2001 , 2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: No matter how much you try to spin the facts , the truth usually topples out . This will explain why Gray Davis is suffering from a reality blackout , because no one spins harder or faster than our opaque leader , who , quite equitably , is suffering his own power crisis . Why Do You Think They Call Him Gray has an unrelenting black-and-white problem . How can he explain away his indecision in grappling with the energy crisis sooner , his inability to hammer out a deal with the utilities and power suppliers before they had the state handcuffed and his frantic response to spend $40 million in public funds to purchase future electricity without offering consumers the details of the pact ? The truth is , he cannot , although he has tried mightily . And to that end he made one of his biggest mistakes yet -- no small feat when you consider he is at the center of one of the sharpest economic tailspins in California's history . Rather than tackle the issues head-on , Davis did what he has always done: use consultants and polling data to try and navigate the minefield of public opinion to put himself in the best possible light and blame others for his problems . It's a game Bill Clinton perfected but at which the governor is a mere weekend hobbyist . Davis' decision to hire two former Clinton-Gore spin doctors to explain away his role in the energy crisis has been as predictable as this summer's threat of rolling blackouts . If only , in this case , he could have kept his critics in the dark . While the state's taxpayers were hit with record electricity bills , Davis was pointing his finger at every official in the federal government who might conceivably have played a role in the crisis and especially those power suppliers in the Lone Star state who have been soaking California ratepayers dry . It is obviously true that the Bush administration has been reluctant to help the nation's most populous state because it voted for Al Gore in November . And time will probably show that the power companies in Texas and beyond were being Snopes-like in their dealings with the Golden State . But there is no getting around the fact that Davis severely exacerbated California's energy plight through his own inaction -- as evidenced by our sweltering soul mates in San Diego who were experiencing blackouts and spiraling electricity costs early last summer . Yet why suffer the facts when it's so much easier to just scramble them ? When the energy crisis hit its peak this spring and Davis' popularity ratings began short-circuiting , he brought in Chris Lehane and Mark Fabiani , who had been as ubiquitous in the scandal-ridden Clinton administration as the stain on a certain intern's dress . The pair became so adept at parrying the thrusts of truth directed by the press each day that they earned the label "masters of disaster" -- which may be why Davis thought of them when he considered the calamity beginning to envelop him . If only he had considered the accompanying stink . Lehane and Fabiani are considered by the political cognoscenti as nothing less than ruthless , partisan hired guns , happy to attack anyone standing between them and a monthly paycheck . Unfortunately for Davis , the rhetorical hit men's salaries are being paid by California taxpayers , who are none too happy that they will be socked with billions of dollars in extra energy charges as a result of Davis' lack of leadership . So although Lehane and Fabiani's $30,000 monthly consulting fees may look paltry to a governor who has contributed to California's lost billions , it looks quite a bit different to those little people in the bleacher seats , sometimes known as California's 30 million-plus residents . The hiring of the disaster duo has led to a lawsuit by an anti-tax group from Sacramento that alleges Lehane and Fabiani are violating the state Political Reform Act because the gunslingers have also worked for Southern California Edison as consultants -- a generally accepted no-no for public officials , even those who worked in Washington . And State Controller Kathleen Connell , a fellow Democrat , has rightfully refused to pay state funds for the Clinton-Gore castoffs , because she said it is inconceivable that the two men are working on state policy -- not politics - - as required by law . Until obfuscation and misdirection become part of the official state code of ethics , it's fair to say Connell is on pretty firm ground . Or as one member of a tax protest group put it: "We are adding insult to injury to have the governor who feels the pressure of this crisis to spend this kind of dough for damage control." Damage control is not supposed to incite more damage , but right now Davis is a metal helmet in an electrical storm . His arrogant treatment of state voters , his refusal to shoulder responsibility and his efforts to spin his way out of trouble has left even die-hard Democrats searching for a more palatable replacement . That decision will come next year when Davis is up for re-election . And the millions of people who chose him because he seemed a safe but dull choice will now realize that there is little solace in gray areas . Since the governor is involved , it seems apt to call it a cautionary tale . But by the time the spin doctors are through , it may start to sound more like an urban legend . You can reach Ken Garcia at ( 415 ) 777-7152 or e-mail him at , 2001 San Francisco Chronicle Page A - 13
If it's no cost to Enron , and if he's good and willing to commute to SF , and if it would be beneficial to the Company , we could certainly use the help and put him to work on interesting things . But do we we want to infect someone with the lunacy of California regulation and then potentially infect the UK ? Seriously , we can make it work if folks think that it makes sense . Best , Jeff
skilling talk to bryson ? jeff
don't have that one--they were closed when i arrived on thursday nite and they said that they'd mail it to me . i'm sure that you can get i pronto if you just call them . thanks a bunch . Best ,
whatever prentice says .
Thanks , John . Couple of things . First , I was involved with the analysis in point number one ( i.e. , if California had bought at 5 cents.....) , but would be happy to discuss with those who worked on it . Second , we've just about go the numbers scrubbed for #2 ( working with Comnes and Tribolet on that analysis) . Key to the "back up" on point number two will be internal sign off on releasing information that uses our curves as the benchmark in the mark to market assessment . I'm checking with Steve Kean on that and will get back to you ASAP . Best , Jeff
Please forward to Bev . Thanks . Best , Jeff
The story doesn't include the list of "overchargers." Could you forward that part ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
I'm comfortable , so long as Rick and Paul are as well . Best , Jeff
Go ahead without the gas , unless you can get into my American Express account and find out what those numbers are . Thanks a million . Best , Jeff
Let's discuss a bit . When you get a chance , please page me at 888.916.7184 . Best , Jeff
Here's the full article , with the numbers attached . Best , Jeff
Per our conversation , here's a copy of the curves that need updating . If possible , could you get them to me by tomorrow afternoon ? Sorry for the rush . Gotta talk on Thursday . I want to superimpose on the curves the rates that Loretta just put in place for 500 KW and above ( for Edison and PG&E) . Can you do that if I get you the rates ? Thanks a million . Best , Jeff
plz call when u have a minute . thx , jeff 415.505.6633
thank u .
what's the total load number ( i.e. , kwh total ) you're using to arrive at the numbers that we went over on the phone , and where are you getting that number ? thanks . best ,
no . call me . 415.505.6633 .
plz keep confidential . latest word---loretta will hold DA decision till monday to leave time for leg play . more to follow . call if need details .
will do . jeff
I'll see what i can do and get back to you . Best , Jeff Please respond to seabron.adamson
Oddly , a much more positive ( and satisfying ) response than I'd imagined . Congratulations . And thanks again for your efforts . If I don't see you , Ms Kahl , bon voyage , bonnes vacances , and a bientot . Best , Jeff
Just let me know when you want to have the call . thanks . Best , Jeff
hey babe . thanks so much for all the running around on this . but i got a room at the hyatt for $20 cheaper . i've cancelled the mariott res . thanks again . i'm leaving for monterey around 10 am . you can reach me by cell and/or pager . best , Jeff
I've been having a "personal field day" with it in Sacramento . Best , Jeff
i'm tingling with anticipation ( not) . i'll share . best ,
you are dead .
As you are likely aware , like last time , Enron's name won't be on the letter . Best , Jeff
It's about 90% certain that I'm out of the office on the 3rd . Thank you , Sue , for helping out . Best , Jeff Please respond to Sabine.Schnittger
I appreciate the efforts , but I have questions about whether Enron's presence does more harm than it does good . I don't think that we want to give Wood and/or Brown a soap box to stand on by showing our face there . Others may have a different view of it , but I think that it needs to be consumers , consumers , consumers . Thoughts ? Best , Jeff
FYI . Can we get a copy ? Best , Jeff Officials criticize energy report Posted at 8:06 p.m . PDT Thursday , June 28 , 2001 Mercury News California's energy crisis is expected to increase unemployment , reduce production and aggravate an already weakening economy , according to researchers at the University of California-Los Angeles . The impact , however , will likely depend on how state officials choose to deal with the failed deregulation scheme . The authors of the report released Thursday come down heavily in favor of lifting price controls and dramatically increasing the price consumers pay as a way to reduce the economic fallout . ``California's economy is sufficiently large and dynamic that it will weather the current power crisis without being derailed,'' the report says . ``However , our analysis reveals that this impact can be moderated by an approach that does not shift today's problems to tomorrow.'' The study , ``Short Circuit: Will the California Energy Crisis Derail the State's Economy,'' came under fierce criticism from Gov . Gray Davis' office . Steven Maviglio , Davis' spokesman , said many of the assumptions used to produce the report are either outdated or flat wrong . ``It deserves its rightful place sitting on the shelf gathering dust,'' Maviglio said . ``Like any crystal-ball report , it's essentially irrelevant.'' Edward Lamer , a UCLA professor , and Christopher Thornberg , a visiting professor at UCLA , collaborated on the report with a team of researchers from the Cambridge Energy Research Associates . The study concludes that California's gross state product will be cut by anywhere from . 7 percent to 1.5 percent in 2001 as a result of the energy crisis . In addition , energy problems will increase unemployment by . 5 percent in 2001 and 1.1 percent in 2002 . The report predicts consumers can expect 112 hours of rolling blackouts this year . However , the report argues that the impact could be dramatically reduced if the state would raise the price consumers pay for energy to match the wholesale costs . This could reduce blackouts to 12 hours , lower the debt and interest the state will have to pay for electricity and encourage investment in the state to increase energy supplies . But Peter Navarro , a management professor at the University of California-Irvine , was skeptical of the report's findings . He said it was almost impossible to build models complex enough to take into account all the factors that affect energy prices in the state . In addition , he said the report seems to assume that there is no manipulation of the current market , which Navarro argues could be distorting prices as well . ``How do you justify raising retail rates to 45 cents for power that costs a nickel to generate when there is some evidence that the market is flawed?'' Navarro said . ``This report seems to have an industry point of view and an industry agenda.''
FYI . Leg deal in CA running into trouble . Davis/Freeman are problems . Reps ain't playing nice . Working on it . More later . Best , Jeff
i wish . leaving to return to SF in a little bit . should be back in town around 2 PM . best , Jeff
Let's discuss further . I've been in close contact with Chris on this . I'm not sure that we necessarily need a "presentation" on the issue . Speaking only for California , policy makers and industry participants know a ) that there's a problem and b ) that the magnitude of the problem is significant , and there's not a heckuvalot of leg work that needs to be done on that front . I would suggest that we continue to work on analysis internally , and spend some time discussing further the extent to which we need a presentation for external consumption . As everyone's aware , this issue is a very complicated one and sensitive one for Enron and we need to be very careful w.r.t . how we approach it . Thoughts ? Best , Jeff
Seems very likely that someone else notified DJ of this posting . Might be useful for our traders to understand that scrutiny in the short run is going to be signficant . Best , Jeff
agreed .
zero
apologies . i don't know what those bills are... . Best , Jeff
agreed .
zero Joseph Alamo 06/29/2001 04:59 PM To: Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron cc: Subject: Re: Friday whereabouts ? hmmmmmmm....still no sign of you at 3 pm.. . so....how many vacation hours shall I put you down for then , hmm? ?
apologies . i don't know what those bills are... . Best , Jeff
FYI . Not for dissemination outside this distribution . Documents delivered to Hertzberg to follow . Best , Jeff
Please keep this confidential and internal to the company . Thanks . Best , Jeff
Congratz . Do we know for how long a decision will be delayed ? Best , Jeff
Please keep this confidential and internal to the company . Thanks . Best , Jeff
Congratz . Do we know for how long a decision will be delayed ? Best , Jeff Schwarz/HOU/EES@EES , Carol St Clair/Enron@EnronXGate , Dan Leff/HOU/EES@EESn@EnronXGate , Evan Hughes/HOU/EES@EES , Gayle Muench/ENRON@enronXgate , Harry/EES@EES , Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron@Enron , Jeff Richter/Enron@EnronXGate , JameEnron@EnronXGate , Scott Gahn/HOU/EES@EES , Sean A Holmes/HOU/EES@EES , Tim Be@EES , Michael Tribolet/ENRON@enronXgate cc: Subject: In case you haven't heard about the likely CPUC delay and PX Credit off the table We're hearing the vote will be delayed until July 12 -- no final confirmation yet . And now BOTH draft decisions have been modified to defer action on the PX Credit issue . A major victory on that issue . Sue Mara Enron Corp .
FYI . My understanding is that the decisions would actually go out prior to Aug . ,  with "effective date" in Aug. , ,  thus providing time for the appeals process . Do others have a similar or different view ? Do we intend to stay in touch , in view of the fact that there's been some "breathing room" provided by the PUC delaying its DA vote , and given the heavy lifting that is still needed to get the core/noncore agreement teed-up and through ? Happy 4th to all . Best , Jeff
Yes .
plz call when you find a minute . thx , jeff 415.782.7822 .
8 AM . 10 AM . 3 PM . Best , Jeff
FYI . Push to get real-time pricing continues . Best , Jeff
chk fax machine for Sher's bond language . See email , too . jeff
thanks for everything . really 'ppreciate it , 'migo . and please thank karen , too . also , would you tell her that prentice and i are willing and able ( we think ) to help out in any way we can in putting the fireplace stuff together----i.e. , anything that doesn't require real skill , like sticking tiles on the board . just let us know . Best , Jeff
been called to a meeting with Hertzberg in Sac at 3:30 PM PDT . Will report back with details . best , jeff
think we've covered this one enough . jeff
Please take a look and see if you think it does what we're after . I'd like to share with folks as soon as possible to try to get something in the bill . Best , Jeff
got it strapped on . off to sacramento . nice knowin' ya . jeff
Yes . Leslie Lawner 07/05/2001 09:05 AM To: Rebecca W Cantrell/HOU/ECT@ECT , Donna Fulton/Corp/Enron@ENRON , Phillip K Allen/Enron@EnronXGate , Harry Kingerski/NA/Enron@Enron , Paul Kaufman/Enron@EnronXGate , Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron@Enron , Stephanie Miller/Enron@EnronXGate , Roger O Ponce/HOU/EES@EES , Jess Hewitt/HOU/EES@EES , Don Black/HOU/EES@EES cc: Rubena Buerger/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT Subject: California state regulatory matters Let's try and set up a call to talk about the California intrastate gas issues noted below ( LDC hedging , rate unbundling and system upgrades/expansions) . Does Tues . July 10 at 3:00 Central work for everyone ? ( Roger please pass on to EES folks who should be on) . Thanks .
8 AM . 10 AM . 3 PM . Best , Jeff Robin Deguara 06/29/2001 06:51 PM To: "'jeff_dasovich@enron.com'" cc: Subject: Conf call with Cameron and Ian Jeff , Please provide me with three time slots you would be available to have a conf call on Friday the 6th between Cameron and Ian . Thank you , Robin Deguara Executive Assistant Perfect Commerce , Inc . tel: 650-798-3367 fax: 650-858-1095 email: robin@perfect.com
Greetings: Hope everyone had a pleasant 4th . I've read the respective Burton and Hertzberg language on amending AB 1X . The Burton language looks cleaner and simpler , though there may be reasons to include some of the Hertzberg language , too . I'm proposing to the group the following as potential amendments to the bond bill . I would appreciate your feedback . The amendments would be as follows: Customers who were on Direct Access when DWR started buying power ( Jan . 17th?) , and are still on Direct Access when the bill passes , should be exempt from paying for the bonds . In short , customers should not be forced to pay for power twice--once from their ESP , and once from DWR . Since these customers receive power services from their ESP , they never consumed DWR power in the first place and it wouldn't be fair to require them to pay for it . Customers who have been utility customers since DWR started buying power but subsequently switched to Direct Access should only pay for power provided by DWR that they actually consumed , no more and no less . For example , if a customer was a utility customer when DWR started buying power but switched to Direct Access on May 1st , then the customer would only be responsible for reimbursing DWR for power deliveries that took place from Jan . 17th thru April 30th . I believe that we agreed on these concepts during the negotiations that took place over the past 4-5 weeks . Or if we didn't explicitly agree during the talks , they seem to be principles on which we ought to be able to agree pretty easily now . And rather than leave the issue hanging , which can create unnecessary and costly uncertainty for customers , I suggest that we include very clear and simple legislative language in the bond bill clarifying what customers' obligations are . Your thoughts are appreciated . In addition , we have talked quite a bit about providing customers with incentives in the attempt to get California out of the energy hole that it finds itself in . Providing ( 20KW and above ) customers with an incentive to switch to Direct Access as soon as possible could 1 ) reduce the net short position that the state ( and ultimately consumers ) have to finance , thereby reducing spot purchases and price volatility , 2 ) reduce electricity purchasing costs , and 3 ) reduce the burden on the state budget . With this in mind , I'm also proposing that the group consider an amendment to the bond bill that would exempt from bond charges any customer that switches to Direct Access by September 1st . Finally , it seems odd that the language directing the PUC to suspend Direct Access is still in the bill . If a dedicated rate component is created , that seems to eliminate altogether the need to suspend Direct Access . And if that's the case , would it make sense to delete that language from the bill ? Look forward to your comments and working with you to get support for and passage of the "core/noncore" proposal . Best , Jeff
yes .
talked to Hertzberg . pushed hard on him calling Wood/Brownell re: DWR contracts . Don't know if he'll do it . jeff
FYI . Hertzberg said he talked to K . Lay yesterday . Were you aware ? Jeff
i'd send to the big list . i used to send what julie malinowski sent around .
FYI .
you getting on call w/rob bradley ? jeff
FYI . From today's Post . Davis seems to continue to put distance between himself and the contracts . Best , Jeff Financial California Changes Stance on Refunds; Two Sides Far Apart In Energy Talks Peter Behr The Washington Post FINAL Page E01 Copyright 2001 , The Washington Post Co . All Rights Reserved California officials have abruptly shifted tactics in their attempt to recover billions of dollars in alleged overcharges for electricity ,  saying they may reduce their demands for huge refunds if generators renegotiate $43 billion in long-term electricity contracts that the state signed this year . Gov . Gray Davis ( D ) said part of the $8.9 billion in refunds the state is seeking could be offset by reductions in energy prices in the long-term contracts , whose costs have become a growing political embarrassment for Davis . "We've made suggestions , we've offered various ways in which people could get us $8.9 billion," Davis told the San Jose Mercury News in a report yesterday . "You can renegotiate our existing contracts and save us money . However you want to do it , it's just got to net out close to $8.9 billion." The new offer was introduced this week into the closed negotiations over a California settlement being conducted in Washington by Federal Energy Regulatory Commission Judge Curtis L . Wagner Jr. , according to sources close to the negotiations . Yesterday , Wagner said he may issue his own preliminary finding today on the amount of overcharges if California officials and the generators cannot reach a compromise . "What I'm trying to do is get people in a settlement mood," Wagner told reporters . "In the event we're unable to do that , [Friday] at some point I may offer a preliminary assessment." The settlement conference is set to conclude on Monday . Wagner , FERC's chief administrative judge , has been trying to push both sides toward a compromise that would resolve the huge energy pricing controversy . Mountainous energy prices have bankrupted California 's largest utility , drained billions of dollars out of the state treasury and put Davis at sword's point with generators that help keep the state's lights on . Last Friday , Wagner rebuked Davis's chief representative , Michael Kahn , chairman of California Independent Grid Operator -- the state's power grid manager -- indicating that the state's demand for nearly $9 billion in refunds from power generators and marketers was too high , sources said . Wagner's settlement conference , which has involved more than 100 lawyers for all sides , is closed to the public and media . Wagner complained last month that Kahn was following a political agenda , and his lack of independence in the negotiations was such a "joke" that the parties might as well wear "clown suits," according to a Dow Jones report confirmed by sources close to the talks . But he has also criticized the generators and power marketers , led by Reliant Energy Inc. , Williams Energy Services , Duke Energy and Southern Co. , for failing to make serious settlement offers , these sources said . The suppliers have offered to refund $600 million , provided the state is able to call off various California lawsuits demanding far larger refunds , sources said . Wagner's leverage is his ability to propose his own refund figure to FERC's commissioners . FERC has tentatively called for $124 million in refunds , but now is taking a harder line on preventing a new escalation of California 's electricity prices this summer and is likely to be receptive to a higher refund figure , some energy analysts believe . Davis's tactical change , offering to make the long-term contracts part of an overall settlement , comes amid growing criticism of what the state will have to pay for energy under those deals . California 's energy calamity stemmed in large part from its failed deregulation plan , which relied heavily on short-term power purchases at volatile "spot market" prices . When energy costs shot upward last summer , so did the state's electricity bills . In response , Davis's aide , S . David Freeman , and his staff began negotiating long-term power contacts with suppliers . The $43 billion in deals signed so far would require the state to pay about $70 per hour for a megawatt of power for a large part of the electricity it will need over the next 10 years . That's well under the average of $250 per megawatt-hour that the state was paying at the beginning of this year , but above current power prices -- and considerably higher than what electricity may cost in the next decade , energy analysts say . A new agreement to lower those contract prices could relieve political pressure on Davis and focus settlement negotiations away from the state's controversial demand for the $8.9 billion refund . Davis will argue that reducing future power charges that his administration negotiated should count as a "refund" because the deals were reached "under commercial duress," according to sources close to Wagner's negotiations . Industry supporters say Davis's refund figure is impossible to justify . "There's no benchmark for what a fair and reasonable price should be," said Michael Zenger , California director of Cambridge Energy Research Associates . The state's advocates counter that if FERC enforced a "just and reasonable" standard for power prices based on operating costs and a generous profit , the overcharges by all sellers could easily reach the $9 billion figure . "It's not rocket science , but it does require the regulators to regulate," said Frank Wolak , a Stanford University economist who heads an oversight committee for the California grid . Those polar-opposite views have left both sides in Wagner's conference room "billions of dollars apart," as the talks approached their final weekend , sources said .
gee , tough break .
Will do . Best , Jeff
can we talk about this ?
Sorry , but no .
USA: UPDATE 1-PG&E utility gives Calpine debt priority status . Reuters English News Service ( C ) Reuters Limited 2001 . ( changes 1st paragraph , adds details , company statement ) SAN JOSE , Calif. , July 6 ( Reuters ) - Independent power generator Calpine Corp . said on Friday that its contracts with Pacific Gas and Electric Co . will be altered , ensuring that Calpine will continue to supply power to the bankrupt California utility and that it will get paid more than $250 million for power already sold . Calpine stocks rose more than 14 percent , or more than $5 , to $43 after the announcement . As part of the contract modification , the $267 million , with interest , that the utility , a unit of PG&E Corp ,  owes Calpine in past due receivables under the contracts , will be elevated to "administrative priority status," a claim which is paid before any other general unsecured creditors . Calpine will get the money , in a lump sum , as soon as PG&E has a confirmed reorganization plan , which can take as long as four to six months from now , Calpine said . The move is also a step in the process of untangling California's energy crisis , which stemmed from a flawed deregulation plan that has hit the state with a series of rolling blackouts . Under the agreement , Calpine will continue to receive its contractual capacity payments , but it has also set up a fixed rate contract for the next five years of about 5.37 cents per kilowatt-hour . The contracts are known as qualifying facility contracts because Calpine's power plants are qualifying facilities . These types of facilities represent more than 20 percent of the state's power supply and sell power generated from renewable energy sources to the regulated utilities . "Calpine is the first power company to modify its QF contract with PG&E to ensure that Northern California consumers will continue to benefit from these affordable and reliable energy resources," Calpine senior vice president James Macias said in a statement . See you on Sunday with language on Direct Access . Best , Jeff "Delaney Hunter" Please respond to dhunter
FYI .
nope .
California Power-Buying Data Disclosed in Misdirected E-Mail By Daniel Taub Sacramento , California , July 6 ( Bloomberg ) -- California Governor Gray Davis's office released data on the state's purchases in the spot electricity market -- information Davis has been trying to keep secret -- through a misdirected e-mail . The e-mail , containing data on California's power purchases yesterday , was intended for members of the governor's staff , said Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio . It was accidentally sent to some reporters on the office's press list , he said . Davis is fighting disclosure of state power purchases , saying it would compromise negotiations for future contracts . This week , Davis appealed a state judge's order to release spot-market invoices , purchase orders and confirmation sheets for power contracts signed through June 27 . The state is buying electricity on behalf of utilities , which are burdened by debt . ``It's an internal document,'' Maviglio said of the e-mail . ``We have a meeting every morning where we discuss issues of the day.'' The e-mail contained minutes of today's meeting , he said . According to the e-mail , the state bought 283,000 megawatt- hours of electricity for $37.4 million yesterday . One megawatt- hour is enough electricity to light 750 typical California homes for an hour . Prices ranged from $25 to $149.99 a megawatt-hour . Maviglio said the information in the e-mail is accurate . Power for next-day delivery during peak-use hours averaged $79.67 a megawatt-hour on the California-Oregon border yesterday , according to Bloomberg Energy Service . California paid an average of $132 on the spot market , according to the e-mail . Prices on the spot market tend to be higher than on the day-ahead market . The governor has proposed releasing data on spot-market purchases once a quarter , arguing that the state uses power-buying strategies tailored to each season . Lawyers for the media and Republican legislators say state law requires disclosure of contracts within seven days after they are signed . gee , tough break . N , Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron@Enron cc: Subject: Davis & Company -- incompet|
Will do . Best , Jeff David W Delainey@EES 07/06/2001 02:58 PM To: Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron@Enron cc: Richard Shapiro/NA/Enron@Enron Subject: California Update--Legislative Push Underway Jeff , I would recommend forwarding these to myself , Lavorato , Dietrich , Kitchen and Whalley in the future . Regards Delainey
can we talk about this ? Richard Shapiro 07/06/2001 03:52 PM To: Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron@Enron cc: Subject: Re: California Update--Legislative Push Underway I Forwarded this one already
Sorry , but no .
See you on Sunday with language on Direct Access . Best , Jeff "Delaney Hunter" 07/06/2001 02:52 PM Please respond to dhunter To: "Mike Kahl ( E-mail)" ,  "Barbara Barkovich ( E-mail)" ,  "John White ( E-mail)" ,  "Ann Cohn ( E-mail)" ,  "John Fielder ( E-mail)" ,  "Gary Schoonyan ( E-mail)" ,  "Jeff Dasovich ( E-mail)" ,  "Dorothy Rothrock ( E-mail)" ,  "Keith McCrea ( E-mail)" cc: "Phil Isenberg ( E-mail)" Subject: URGENT ! Technical Working Group Folks- Ok , here is the plan . We need to draft language on the following issues ( including all the options under each of the issues ) that were included in our Roadmap Document: Direct Access Large Customer Utility Service options Rate Relief Customer Specific Generation Renewable Energy These are the pieces that are NOT covered in other plans , documents , etc . We need to have the language completed no later than Monday 7/9 at 5:00pm . I am open to suggestions on how best to handle the work -- maybe assigning the topics above to folks and then getting together to refine and finalize a work product ? If everyone thinks this is a plan that can work and if there is a specific topic you would like to tackle please let me know . I would propose meeting on Sunday at say 3:00 at Mike Kahl's office if that meets with everyone's approval . Thanks , Delaney
FYI . The call took place today at 4:00 pm EDT , but is available for replay for 48 hours .
Howdy: If Dorothy sent something , I haven't received it . Best , Jeff
Really appreciate it . Thanks very much for the help . I'll leave you a message should anything come up . Enjoy the Giants game . Hope they do better tomorrow than they did today . Best , Jeff
Howdy: If Dorothy sent something , I haven't received it . Best , Jeff
Here is a stab at draft legislative language for the core/noncore portion ( i.e. , section 1 ) of the agreeement . See you later today . Best , Jeff
Below is an update from the weekend's activities . The group negotiating the core/noncore proposal met over the weekend to attempt to put the proposal into legislative language/format . The product produced thus far is generally sloppy and ill-drafted and the individual facilitating the group is working tonite to integrate the comments provided and discussions that took place today . He will distribute a new draft by noon tomorrow ( PDT) . The plan as it currently stands is to deliver a product to Hertzberg by COB tomorrow ( Monday) . As expected , some in the group are attempting to "recontract" certain portions of the original deal , but those attempts are generally at the margin . The DWR contracts remain a key impediment to any deal . Senator Burton has still not definitively committed to a conference committee to produce a bill to deliver to Davis . In addition , the legislation to create a dedicated rate component to service the bonds to repay the state budget for power purchased by DWR ( and de-link the bonds from the DWR contracts ) may be on a slower track than folks thought initially . Will have more information tomorrow on where Burton and the bond legislation stand . Best , Jeff
Since it was only Friday since Delainey directed me to send info directly to him , I included him and the others on the last note in order to avoid looking like I was disobeying direct orders 48 hours after receiving them . Hopefully we can work something out where you distribute as you deem fit . Hope it's not creating undue headaches . Best , Jeff
i'll be participating . thanks . Best , Jeff
Last time I was in Houston , an IT tech deleted everything---I mean everything---so I need to hunt it down . Will do so immediately and get you a copy . Best , Jeff
This looks like LA Times/Wall Street Journal material..... . To: Karen Denne/Corp/Enron@ENRON , Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron@Enron , JameYoder/ENRON@enronXgate , Bill Williams III/ENRON@enronXgate , Tim cc: Subject: Transcript of a bizarre and unusual telephone call from the ISO Here is the transcript of the ISO's real-time desk asking Enron real-timetrader Ryan Slinger to help the ISO "set" the market-clearing price ( "MCP")for replacement energy . The ISO wanted Enron to help set the MCP for replacement energy at $91.86 , because the ISO was upset that the MCP had dropped to a penny , and now market participants were buying the ISO's excesenergy a penny ( after having sold it to the ISO for $91 the day before) . There are two phone calls . The first call is the ISO calling to ask us tohelp it to set the price . The next call occurs three minutes later and isthe ISO calling because we didn't put in the bid . Our trader told the ISOthat he had to "talk to his boss" because he "didn't want to do anything wrong." Note: I have just learned a complicating detail: Coincidentally , our deskdid put in a bid for $91.86 for Hour 18 , which was what the ISO had requested . However , the bid had been formulated before the ISO called ourdesk . Transcription of a telephone conversation between the ISO,s Real Time DeEnron: Enron , this is David [Porter] . ISO: Hi David . This is Allen at the ISO . Enron: David: Hi Allen . How ya doing ? ISO: Allen: Hold on one sec . I,ve got to get something . Unknown: Stage one at 11 . ISO: Allen: Hey , I,m on the hour-ahead desk . Did you guys put a bid iEnron: David: Yes , hang on one second Allen . ISO: Allen: Yeah . Enron: Ryan: This is Ryan [Slinger] . ISO: Allen: Hey Ryan , this is Allen at the ISO hour ahead . Did you guysput a trade in , replacement [energy] ? Not trade , but a bid ? Enron: Ryan: For which hour , for hour 15 ? ISO: Allen: For hour 16 ? Enron: Ryan: For hour 16 , correct . ISO: Allen: Can you guys continue to put the price at that ? Enron: Ryan: At what ? At $91.86 ? ISO: Allen: Yes Enron: Ryan: Um,( . ISO: Allen: This isn,t on a recorded line , but we wanted to do that because of some of the things that we are seeing . It would be good to keep it [theMarket Clearing Price for Replacement Energy] at a higher price . It doesnmatter how many megawatts you put it at , but we want to clear it at a higher price . Enron: Ryan: Wait , you said we,re not on a recorded line , or we are ? ISO: Allen: We,re not . No , we,re not , okay . We already talked to the day-ahead research guy and myself , but we saw you guys clear at $91 and wewanted you , if it,s possible , to continue to set that , whether it,s 20 MW or whatever you want to put in there . Enron: Ryan: Okay , um(. . ISO: Allen: We want to clear it at that because of some issues we are seeing as far as others that are taking advantage of the market . Enron: Ryan: Oh yeah . Because it had been clearing like at $100 , hadn,t it ? ISO: Allen: Not replacement . Enron: Ryan: Oh , not replacement ? ISO: Allen: No . What happened is that we bought it back(.see , the day-ahead was purchased at like $100 and then what happened is that the hour-ahead .  .  . a bunch of these people were buying it back for a penny over the [inter] ties . They were faking it . So we wanted to keep the price uphigh . Allen and Ryan: Unintelligible . Enron: Ryan: So they were selling it , oh , in the day ahead , and buying itISO: Allen: Buying like 60 bucks . .  .  trying to make money off of it , thebasically they are trying to buy it back at a penny . Enron: Ryan: Oh , that,s ridiculous . ISO: Allen: That,s really ticking us off and right now .  .  .  Enron: Ryan: That to me signals , that,s probably Powerex , isn,t it ? ISO: Allen: There,s about four of them right now . Enron: Ryan: Shit . ISO: Allen: And for the day-ahead for tomorrow , we didn,t , we didn,t , we took them out . Basically , we,re not allowing anything over the ties . Enron: Ryan: I didn,t submit one for 17 or (  . ISO: Allen: That,s fine . They,ll probably go to a penny and theyprobably get excited and do a bunch , and we,ll hopefully cut them off if you can get the next price and the next market at 80 or 91 . Enron: Ryan: Okay . All right . Well , I,ll see what I can do . ISO: Allen: I appreciate it . It,s actually in the best interest for the State and the ISO [with] what these guys are doing , so we are trying to put a stop to it . Enron: Ryan: Okay . ISO: Allen . Thanks , bye . Transcription of a telephone conversation between the ISO,s Real Time Delater ) Enron: This is Ryan . ISO: Hey Ryan , its Allen . Enron: Ryan: Yeah . ISO: Allen: Hey , did you put it in for the next hour ? Enron: Ryan: For hour 16 ? ISO: Allen: Yeah , no , they already ran 17 . Enron: Ryan: Oh , I didn,t do 17 , no . ISO: Allen: Well , see , we,re gonna run , we,re gonna run 18 coming up here in the next fifteen minutes . Enron: Ryan: Okay . ISO: Allen: If you have any questions , let me know . I hope you know thisis me from the ISO . I don,t know if you think I,m somebody else but you can call me at the hour-ahead desk . Enron: Ryan: Well , I mean , I,m talking to my boss right now as far as,because of , you know , I don,t want to be doing anything that,s wrong . ISO: Allen: Yeah ( Enron: Ryan: Even if it is helping you guys out , if it,s wrong , I can,t do it . ISO: Allen: I know , but if you continue to bid in at , um , the market , thas the best thing to do . For replacement . All right . Enron: Ryan: Okay , I,ll see what I can do . ISO: Allen: Thanks , man .
P.S . Have discussed with Dorothy and will attempt to capture in my proposed edits our discussion . Best , Jeff
may have been updated a bit prior to the presentation , but yep , that's it . will do for now . please forward to rick . when i'm back in the office i'll do more searching . thanks a bunch . i'm assuming this is what he's referring to . Best , Jeff
"Sacramento or Salem?" Sort of has a nice ring to it .
You're a saint .
No comments . And continued good luck with the process . Best , Jeff
i'll be participating . thanks . Best , Jeff
It's a hell hole , whaddya think ? Be great if you stopped by . Just let me know when you're going to be here . Love to have dinner and catch up . You involved at all with the gas infrastructure stuff that's going on at the Cal PUC . If not , I think that you should be . Now that Fawcett has left TW and Susan Scott's in our shop in Houston with Christie , I'm a little concerned about TW ( I don't have as much time to monitor anymore) . Be great if you got involved . Hope all is well with you and yours . Best , Jeff
Folks: Here are my edits . For simplicity , I accepted all the other changes and put mine in strike-out-underline . They are confined to the direct access section , and to the provisions regarding "spot market service" in particular . Based on our negotiations , I think it's accurate to state that spot market service was never discussed as "an option to elect." Instead , the language in the agreement states that it is a "backstop," in the event that on any given day a customer's ESP doesn't show up with the power . In effect , it retains the utility's duty to serve , like the gas side , but does not expose the utility to any risk of cost recovery for the spot service provided . I've also added provisions which obligate the utility to provide spot market service in the event that at the outset of the program ( i.e. , the transition date) , the customer , for whatever reason fails to elect Term Service or Direct Access Service . In both cases , the spot services lasts for a maximum of 30 days , after which the customer must choose Term or Direct Access Service . Please take a look at the language . While I haven't put any "stakes in the ground" up till now , I feel strongly about these changes ( for reasons I'm happy to discuss) , and if folks have issues with incorporating it into the document , I'd request that we have a very brief call to discuss . I believe that the language as proposed captures my conversation with Dorothy . In addition , I've also taken a stab at language requested by Delainey , i.e. , "what to do about DA in the interm?" There may be better ways to craft the language , but I took a shot nonetheless . Finally , I'm assuming , based on yesterday's call , that , by delivering this document to the Speaker today , no one is giving their approval , support , or anything else for each and every provision . I'm not prepared to , and cannot , do that at this time . Thanks again to all for all the effort ( and to Dorothy for her patience in hearing me out earlier) . Best , Jeff
"Sacramento or Salem?" Sort of has a nice ring to it .
You're a saint .
Hi: Thanks for the wires story . I talked to Dorothy and we're square . If anyone tries to make any other changes , please let me know first or have them call me directly , whichever you prefer . Thanks for all your help . Best , Jeff
No comments . And continued good luck with the process . Best , Jeff
The Bond Legislation The Democrats in the Assembly and Sentate have agreed to language to create a Dedicated Rate Component to repay the budget and de-link the bonds from the DWR contracts . But the Republicans have still not agreed to go along . The bill would require a 2/3's vote to keep the bond issuance on schedule , so Republican votes are necessary . The Republicans are trying to meet tonite or tomorrow to determine whether to go along . The Conference Committee Senator Burton does not like the idea of a conference committee and at this point prefers to use the existing committee structure to hear the core/noncore proposal . Using the existing committee structure could take longer to produce a bill than using the conference committee structure , but how much longer is uncertain . No sense yet of when hearings on the core/noncore proposal---in conference committee or otherwise--will take place , though Burton continues to say that he wants to "give it a chance." The Core/Noncore Legislative Language The negotiating group continues to work on the language . The language was supposed to be delivered to Hertzberg by COB today , but more work needs to be done and it is now scheduled to be delivered first thing tomorrow morning . Senator Dunn's Investigative Committee Hearing The hearing's been moved from tomorrow to Wednesday . Best , Jeff
"Thompson , Thomas W." 07/09/2001 05:07 PM To: "'Jeff.Dasovich@enron.com'" cc: Subject: just thinkin' I just looked down onto the mouse pad I've been using for the past four years ( literally ) and I notice that it advertises the "Transwestern Pipeline Company - An ENRON Company" . Insidious; it has influenced my every click over these past years...Oh , how the Taht Moh turns !
Appreciate it . Take care . Best , Jeff
Only couple brief comments on the version that includes Edison's comments: Under the definition of "Spot Market Service" it now reads: This service is available for Large Customers and Medium Customers whose service from a Direct Access provider has been interrupted , or who have failed to elect or be deemed to elect either Direct Access , Core Service or Term Service . I don't understand the meaning of the phrase "or be deemed to elect." If inserting the phrase serves an important purpose , then perhaps it's appropriate to leave it in . But we haven't discussed any reason for needing it . As such , given the last-minute nature of the change , it should be deleted . There is one heckuvalot of detail in the rate-related language that Edison provided that we didn't have a chance to discuss in our negotiations . It may turn out that it's all fine , but I frankly haven't haven't had the chance to adequately wrap my meager mind around the language , so I just want to let folks know that many more comments on those pieces may pop up from my end in the near term . Finally , I just want to raise a flag on section 25465 ( a ) ( 6 ) regarding the green portfolio standard . We never discussed/analyzed those additional percentages and consequently we never established a "zone of comfort" around including those numbers . That may become an issue ( and may not , just wanted to briefly flag it) . Thanks again for all the effort . Best , Jeff
any sense of why all the pulling ?
That's true , but we're trying to find substantive reasons for having the meeting... .
you're an angel ( and , you're on the side of the angels) . Best , Jeff
you'll be pleased to know that people whom i barely know in the SF office are approaching me and ribbing me good about my expression in the pie video . mission accomplished . signed , alligator skin
chk email . day just forwarded draft of dunn letter . jeff
herbst theatre . . ...where geniuses speak.. .
got your message . talk to you at 5 pm your time . best , Jeff
you want to be on call at 5PM CDT w/Sanders and Kirby ? Best , Jeff
thanks .
You're fired .
Great first cut . Thanks very much . Keep 'em coming . Best , Jeff Kean going to need to see the letter and comment before it goes out ? Jeff
Folks . I'm working on it , but it's going to require quite a bit of work . Please chk your emails later this evening for the next draft . I'll page folks--those with pagers , that is--to notify when I've emailed it . Scott , please inform Hedy and Bev . Best , Jeff
Thanks . BTW , the pager jab was aimed at you....: )
Appreciate it . Take care . Best , Jeff Joe Hartsoe 07/10/2001 06:42 AM To: Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron@Enron cc: Subject: Re: More on FERC generator hearings Jeff -- Thanks for the heads up . I'll see what's cooking internally and see if we can get some help . Two summers down one to go . Joe
FYI . Could you please forward to Bev ? More arrows for our quiver in trying to get out the truth . Best , Jeff
Mark , Congratulations on the story in the Times . FYI . Today's radio media ( local and national ) are all giving the same basic message that: "Davis got beat up in FERC negotiations; judge sides decidedly with generators; Davis team trying in vain to spin it their way , but it's clear they lost . " Freeman was pathetic on the radio this morning . Interviewers weren't buying his BS at all . Best , Jeff
yep .
FYI .
FYI . Please pass to Hedy and Bev . Best , Jeff
any sense of why all the pulling ?
Found the final . Don't know if it differs from the one distributed yesterday . Best , Jeff
Thanks .
you're an angel ( and , you're on the side of the angels) . Best , Jeff
herbst theatre . . ...where geniuses speak.. . Colleen Silva 07/10/2001 03:03 PM To: "'Jeff.Dasovich@enron.com'" cc: Subject: RE: hey whassup ? yay , kisses and no i didn't know about eggers , where is he speaking ?
got your message . talk to you at 5 pm your time . best , Jeff
FYI . Something's wacky with your server . I got Rick's note , but ain't received your original . And you are , indeed , awesome , MRS . Hunter . Best , Jeff
Worse , there was no attachment in Rick's note . Could you forward to me the final . Thanks a gazillon . Best , Jeff
You're fired .
FYI . Please keep confidential until further notice . Important to note that this was delivered with the understanding that NO ONE has agreed to the specific language . It was a quick turn around ( at Hertzberg's request ) to get the original , negotiated agreement into Legislative language ( i.e. , Martian ) as soon as possible so that Hertzberg could try to move on it in the Legislature as soon as possible . In addition , the Commission is likely to come out with its proposed "rate agreement" sometime this week , and is likely to release DWR's "revenue requirement" next week . I heard from the Gov's financial advisor that Edison and DWR EACH want 2 cents out of the PUC's recent 3 cent rate increase . It's going to get very interesting from here . Best , Jeff
Great first cut . Thanks very much . Keep 'em coming . Best , Jeff
Thanks . BTW , the pager jab was aimed at you....: ) Karen Denne 07/10/2001 04:52 PM To: Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron@Enron cc: Subject: Re: Dunne Letter You poor thing . What you really meant to say was GET OFF MY BACK PEOPLE!!!!!!!!! ! I CAN'T WRITE WHEN YOU'RE ALL HOUNDING ME "WHERE IS IT ? WHERE IS IT?" am I close ? :- ) kd
yep . Joseph Alamo 07/10/2001 07:31 PM To: Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron , Susan J Mara/NA/Enron cc: Subject: Re: Weekly Staff meeting ? so -- 8:30 Thursday okay with both of you? ?
FYI .
LADWP , Run By Davis Adviser , Cashed In On Calif Crisis Dow Jones Capital Markets Report via Dow Jones By Jason Leopold LOS ANGELES ( Dow Jones)--On a single day in June 2000 , the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power , the largest municipal utility in the country , raked in $5 million selling California surplus power for $1,000 a - about 30 times the average price the utility charged the month before . That sale , reported by the California Independent System Operator and confirmed by the LADWP in an interview last June , was one of many instances in which the municipal utility cashed in on California's power crisis . On Monday , the Department of Water Resources , the agency that has been purchasing California's bulk power needs in lieu of the state's utilities , released a detailed report of spot-market power purchases showing the LADWP charged the state an average of $242 a megawatt-hour for power from Jan . 18 through May 31 this year . That price is about $35 higher than those charged by most of the out-of-state generators Gov . Gray Davis has criticized repeatedly as price gougers . Potentially embarrassing for the Davis administration , however , is that the LADWP was formerly run by General Manager David Freeman , who in April became Davis' top energy adviser . Steve Maviglio , press secretary to Davis , said Texas-based generators are primarily to blame for the high wholesale prices that crippled the state's two largest utilities . "Anywhere they wear cowboy hats , they probably have handkerchiefs across their face , because they are robbing us blind," he said . "The bad guys are clearly the out-of-state generators." Freeman's trademark is a white Stetson . The former LADWP chief , who last September quipped that a "blind pig could make money" under California's faulty deregulation setup , didn't return calls for comment . Freeman took a leave of absence from the LADWP in January to negotiate long-term power contracts on behalf of the state . Power To Sell According to the DWR report , the LADWP brought in $331 million selling power to the state between Jan . 18 and May 31 this year . The LADWP , which didn't take part in the state's deregulation debacle and which isn't under the jurisdiction of federal energy regulators , also cashed in throughout 2000 . The utility has 7,000 megawatts of generation capacity but only needs about 5,500 MW to serve its retail customers , freeing it to sell as much as 1,000 megawatts to the ISO at prices comparable to what the generators were charging . The LADWP did so well that it was able to pay down $200 million in debt and will reduce its customers' rates in 2002 . "It just shows you that enterprise is where you find it," Freeman said in an interview last year . Last July , ratings agency Fitch concluded that California's electricity shortage provided LADWP "an opportunity for the sale of surplus power at favorable prices which added to the municipal system's coffers." According to a report by the ISO , manager of the state's electricity grid , the LADWP overcharged California for power from May 2000 through February 2001 by as much as $20 million . Maviglio said the state will pursue refunds from the utility . On Tuesday , an LADWP spokesman defended the utility's power prices , saying the costs of producing electricity were extremely high . The ISO has estimated that the state was overcharged nearly $9 billion for electricity sales in the 12 months ended May 2001 . On Monday , settlement talks between state officials and generators over the refunds broke down . Other municipal utilities , including the Sacramento Municipal Utility District and private companies like BC Hydro in Canada , have also racked up enormous sums selling surplus power to California at the last minute . -By Jason Leopold , Dow Jones Newswires; 323-658-3874; ( END ) Dow Jones Newswires 07-10-01 Copyright ( c ) 2001 Dow Jones and Company , Inc . Received by NewsEDGE/LAN: 7/10/01 12:57 PM FYI . Please pass to Hedy and Bev . Best , Jeff
Thanks , Sue . Talk to you in a couple minutes . Jeff
Here's the final with the changes that we discussed incorporated . Steve , give it one last quick read---I made a few other minor editorial comments . Maureen: It will need to be fixed at the end for Steve's signature . If there's anything else just holler . Best , Jeff
just emailed the letter . jeff
Peace'll blow a freakin' gasket . that alone is makes it worthwhile . best ,
CPUC SCHEDULES WEDNESDAY NOON PRESS BRIEFING California Public Utilities Commission ( CPUC ) President Loretta Lynch will hold a press briefing , Wednesday , July 11 , 2001 , at noon in the Auditorium of the State Office Building , 505 Van Ness Ave. , San Francisco . President Lynch will provide background on items on the Agenda for the Commission meeting on Thursday , July 12 , 2001 , which begins at 10 a.m. , also in the CPUC Auditorium . The CPUC Communications Office is providing a phone call-in number ,
Greetings; I've tried to accommodate everyone's comments , but there's still a hole or two . In addition , seems that the letter would benefit from a bit more editing to make it shorter . Richard , note that I've left a place holder in the opening paragraph to fill in a summary of our arguments and the conditions under which we'd be willing to produce certain documents . Best , Jeff
FYI . Thanks very much for you help on this . Let the games begin . Best , Jeff
Scott: Could please sure that Bev gets this ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
Thanks . 415.782.7854 . Better or worse than ours ?
Dan Walters: Davis plays in a virtual world while the energy reality continues ( Published July 11 , 2001 ) California still has a very real and very severe energy crisis , to wit: The state is still running up massive debts as it pays more for power than it can recover from ratepayers and is having trouble borrowing billions of dollars to cover the debt . There is a strong possibility , perhaps a probability , that when summer's heat truly descends , there will be severe power blackouts as air conditioners demand more juice than California can generate or buy . One major utility , Pacific Gas and Electric , has filed for bankruptcy protection and a second , Southern California Edison , is on the brink of joining it . There is , however , a virtual energy crisis consisting of political spin , media leaks and made-for-television buzz words -- and it is rapidly becoming dominant , while the real situation fades into the background . This week's comic opera proceedings before a Federal Energy Regulatory Commission administrative judge in Washington had little to do with reality and everything to do with the virtual version . Gov . Gray Davis and other officials demanded $8.9 billion in refunds from the generators and brokers who have been selling California power for the past year , alleging that California is , in Davis' words , "being gouged and ripped off." But the number itself was more or less plucked out of thin air -- an arithmetic exercise by the state power grid's traffic controller not intended for a refund proceeding . And while Judge Curtis Wagner saw it as unrealistic , Davis and other state officials insisted on its validity . "There are refunds due that total hundreds of millions of dollars and maybe a billion dollars," Wagner said as a final negotiating session collapsed . But that's a far cry from the $8.9 billion that Davis insists is due . "If you think California is going to settle for $1 billion in refunds , we will see you in court," Davis said Tuesday . Why is Davis being so belligerent ? Because it's good politics . Ever since he began berating out-of-state generators and accusing them of ripping off California , Davis' approval ratings have been climbing . If he settled for substantially less -- the power generators probably would agree to a couple of billion dollars to rid themselves of the matter -- Davis would be embarrassed . Politically , he's served by continuing to portray himself as fighting for California and against the out-of-state generators . That it's more political construct than reality is indicated by another event this week , Davis' release of state power purchase data from early in the year -- numbers that were made public only because a judge told him he had to do it . Davis and his minions have been accusing Texas-based generators and power brokers of particularly egregious price gouging -- clearly playing on Californians' instinctive mistrust of anything Texan and implying that Texan George W . Bush is a co-conspirator . But the power purchase records -- which were released only to journalists willing to pay a stiff fee -- indicate that less than 10 percent of California's power purchase dollars were going to Texas and the private sellers , in general , charged the state less than such publicly owned utilities as the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power . The clearly adverse position being taken by FERC and the purchase data that undercut his jingoistic sloganeering are not , however , deterring Davis from continuing to operate , at least for public consumption , in the melodramatic virtual world . One cannot , however , ignore reality forever . The likelihood of a pro-generator decision from FERC means that there will be no easy out for Davis , or for his pending deal to prevent Southern California Edison from slipping into bankruptcy court . The Legislature has refused to act on the Edison rescue plan while it awaited an indication of whether the utility's debts would be slimmed down by FERC . This week's farcical events make it more likely that the Edison deal will stall out permanently in the Legislature and its creditors will force the utility into bankruptcy court later this summer . That's part of that nasty old reality that cannot simply be wished away . The Bee's Dan Walters can be reached at ( 916 ) 321-1195 or dwalters@sacbee.com
better or worse than ours ?
glad we're not a generator . best ,
just got on . u listening to loretta ? sounds like it's all about demand-side programs .
"There's a Ken Lay under every bed!" Steve Peace July 2001
sshhhhhh......let's keep it between us . ( and don't worry , we're having fun in the contempt proceeding that's underway right now as part of Dunn's hearings. ) Best , Jeff
thanks .
FYI .
thanks . and i apologize profusely for having excluded you from the list . it was , as you can imagine ( having worked together on these fire drills together in the past) , it was not pretty---process wise .
Thanks , Sue . Talk to you in a couple minutes . Jeff
plz call when you have a minute . small core/noncore meltdown i need to fill
need watkiss' phone # . peace's letters to FERC urging FERC to approve CA's ( dumb ) market structure should be on file there . I'm checking w/smutney .
you get a copy of our letter to Dunn ?
thank you cc: Subject: FW: Energy Action Report
u sure its 202.858.5851 ? telling me its "not a number." thx,jeff
Congratulations . That is very exciting and I think everyone knows how darned hard you folks have been working on it . Look forward to buying you a drink next time we're together to celebrate . Best , Jeff
FYI . You may have read that Calpine is close to reaching a deal with the state on its overcharges ( about $240MM) . Note from structuring's analysis that Alan sent around that Calpines share of the stranded costs is about 45% of the total amount of stranded costs arising from the DWR contracts . That is , of the $9.5B ( present value ) of stranded costs , the Calpine contracts account for about $4.4B So , in exchange for settling on $240MM , Calpine gets $4.4 B . Nice work if you can get it .
Thanks.Glad to hear it .
Sue and I discussed , and if it ain't too much trouble , I think the search should go from 1996-1998 and should include any letters to FERC from any legislator ( but Peace in particular ) and any PUC commissioner ( i.e. , Fessler) . Best , Jeff
Congratulations , Chris . Best , Jeff
Please note Maviglio's comments in response to Sec of State Bill Jones' claim that Davis' consultants have violated ethics laws by not filing conflict of interest reports with the state while working for Davis . Maviglio sez: Jones is "on a witch hunt on something outside his jurisdiction." Mark , quit feeding PR lines to Davis' people . Best , Jeff
You got it . I'll be there . You get my voicemail on your cell phone ? re: meeting with Brulte's on Monday , not tomorrow . Best , Jeff
FYI . California takes it in the chin from the FERC judge . Best , Jeff
Thank you SO much . This is it . Really appreciate it .
here it is . sorry , thought it had been forwarded this to you previously . best ,
Please forward to others who need this information . As you know , Enron's been involved with a group of business customers , small customers , labor and enviros trying to hammer out a core/noncore proposal that would act as a key modification to Edison's MOU with the Governor . Today , the Assembly leadership released a bill ( AB 82XX ) that modifies the MOU but does not follow the core/noncore proposal negotiated by the group . The bill just came out , is about 80 pages long , and thorough analysis has not yet been completed . The URL for the bill is attached . Based on a meeting attended this morning in Sacramento,the key features of the bill ( which is attached ) are: Direct Access suspended until 1.1.2003 ( suspension presumably effective on the effective date of the bill ) Transmission sale at 2X book . Approximately 90% ( or greater ) of Edison's undercollection absorbed by customers 20KW and above . Create a Trust to address the money owed to the generators and offer the generators 70 cents on the dollar ( but does not do away with the suits , investigations , etc. ) The bill is completely silent regarding who will pay for the DWR contracts and what the payment structure will look like . Reaction and Timetable Very chaotic , with considerable uncertainty about where ( if anywhere ) the bill will go , leaving many to believe that bankruptcy remains a strong possibility . Business customers ( and of course Enron ) are strongly opposed Republicans are strongly opposed Labor has big problems with the Tx sale unless they get assurances that TX labor jobs are guaranteed , which is not yet included in the bill We are working with business to remove the Direct Access suspension We are also working on the Senate side to attempt to get the Senate to include Direct Access in their version of the modified MOU , but the Senate has been more hostile than the Assembly to Direct Access . Senate Democrats still intend to run a bill that delinks payment of the bonds to repay General Fund for power already purchased from the DWR contracts . AB82XX does not address this issue . Senate Democrats also intend to craft their own version of a "modified MOU." Word is that the Senate will release their bond language and their "modified" MOU this weekend or early next week . The Assembly will hold an "informational" hearing on the bill tomorrow ( Saturday ) to get members up to speed The Assembly will have a committee hearing and vote on the bill on Monday , with the intent of sending the bill to the full Assembly for a vote on Tuesday . The Legsilature is supposed to have a month-long recess beginning Friday , July 20th , which requires that both the budget and the energy issue get resolved by then , or suspend the recess and continue working Will continue to provide updates as events unfold . If folks have additional comments on the bill , please direct them to Harry Kingerski and Leslie Lawner , who will ensure that they get into the hands of our lobbyists in Sacramento . If there are any questions , my pager is 888.916.7184 . Best , Jeff
I can make time . Let's try to let Leslie vacation . Also , I'm having a memo prepared that should be ready first thing Monday AM on the CA Commission's policies regarding utility use of hedging instruments . Just let me know when you'd like to talk . Best , Jeff who's johnson ?
California Power-Price Boost Not Needed , Agency Says ( Update1 ) By Daniel Taub Sacramento , California , July 13 ( Bloomberg ) -- California regulators won't need to raise electricity prices for consumers to cover a planned $13.4 billion bond sale , said a spokesman for the agency that buys power on behalf of the state's utilities . The California Department of Water Resources , which has spent more than $7.7 billion on power this year , is expected to recommend a rate increase of as much as 25 percent , Dow Jones reported today , citing three unnamed members of the state's Public Utilities Commission . Oscar Hidalgo , a spokesman for the agency , said no rate increase is expected . ``Our folks are stunned by this revelation because it is nowhere near what our numbers show,'' Hidalgo said . ``In fact our numbers show that there is no need for any increase beyond what's already been done.'' The Department of Water Resources will submit a report to the California Public Utilities Commission today or Monday with the state's revenue requirements for repaying a planned $13.4 billion bond sale , Hidalgo said . The bonds are to be repaid by customers of utilities owned by PG&E Corp. , Edison International and Sempra Energy . The bond sales , the largest municipal offering in U.S . history , are scheduled to begin in September . Governor Gray Davis has said repeatedly that he believes the bonds can be repaid without further rate increases . His position hasn't changed , spokesman Steve Maviglio said today . Previous Increases In March , the PUC voted to boost rates by 3 cents a kilowatt- hour at the state's two largest utilities . Rates at PG&E's Pacific Gas & Electric , the largest California utility , would rise by as much as 36 percent and Southern California Edison rates would rise by as much as 27 percent , the PUC said at the time . The average consumer-price increase would be 30 percent , the PUC said . The increase , the second this year , was intended to help the state pay for power purchases . The PUC voted in January to raise rates about 10 percent . California Treasurer Philip Angelides has said that the bonds will let the state cushion the immediate rate impact on residents and businesses by spreading power costs over time . The debt will be repaid over 15 years . Investors have said they can't predict how the bonds will be received without knowing how much cushion is built into the revenue pledge backing the debt . Legislation that paved the way for the bonds allows the state to raise electricity rates as needed to cover debt repayment . That pledge , typical for revenue bonds , usually entails a promise to raise a specific level of money annually to cover interest and principal payments on the debt and provide an added cushion . That formula , known as a debt service coverage ratio , must result in investment-grade ratings for California's power bonds , according to the legislation . Investors want assurance that an issuer will raise rates to maintain the promised cushion , even if increases aren't needed at the time of the bond sale .
Barry , et al: FYI . Some initial info I got from our outside council regarding utility authority to engage in financial risk management tools . More info to follow as we get it . If you have quesitons , comments , or suggestions for additional research needed , just holler . Please forward to others who might need it . Best , Jeff Electric: SCE , PG&E and SDG&E are all authorized to enter into bilateral forward transactions with non-ISO or PX parties . D.00-08-023 and D.00-09-075 . These transactions are limited to contracts which must expire on or before 12-31-05 . Initial contracts are subject to a blanket reasonableness test ( if less than 5% above cost of non-forward cost of portfolio=deemed reasonable ) but contracts after 12-31-02 will be subject to a CPUC preapproval process . Gas: PG&E authorized to use gas hedges for all purposes ( D.98-12-082 ) but limited to contracts expiring on or beforce 12-31-02 and limited to $200 million in cost or 800 MMcfd in volume . We are looking for a similar resolution or decision for Sempra . Haven't found it yet , but we believe they have been given similar authority .
Here's the latest that we have on the legislation ( "82XX" ) released on Friday . The Assembly Energy Committee will hold an "informational" hearing on 82XX at 1:30 PM PDT today . "Informational" means that there won't be a vote today . Attended a meeting this morning with the business groups with Assemblyman Dutra ( self-proclaimed pro-biz Democrat , who's an "author" of 82XX) , Hertzberg's chief staffer , and Hertzberg's outside legal consultant . The DWR contracts continue to be the roadblock to a rational solution . Dutra is unhappy with the process thus far----claimed he wasn't familiar with the "more recent version" of the bill , and was unhappy that there would be a hearing today---informational or otherwise--before he and the bill's other authors had agreed to final language from their perspective . Dutra said that he was working to remove the Direct Access suspension and asked the biz groups to hold their fire until the amendments come out tomorrow . PUC President Lynch continues to oppose striking a deal in which the Commission gives up all review of DWR's "revenue requirement" and simply flows all DWR costs through rates ( but Davis and his administration are putting her under enormous pressure to buckle under and agree) . As a result , details of any "rate agreement" between DWR and the CPUC , and any public announcement by DWR of its "revenue requirement" is could be postponed until next week , unless there's a breakthrough with Loretta . The Governor's consultants now claim ( and will reportedly testify at the hearing today ) that there is enough room in the 3 cent rate increase to cover both Edison's and DWR's revenue requirements . ( They cite lower gas prices and FERC's price cap as the driving force for the newly-found headroom , though many remain very skeptical. ) However , if the deal is applied to PG&E , it is unlikely that the 3 cent rate would be sufficient , according to the same consultants . The plan ( at this point ) is to have the bill--with amendments--discussed in the same committee tomorrow , and voted out of the committee . The bill would then be taken to the full Assembly for an up or down vote on Wednesday . It is unclear whether , at this point , there is agreement among Assembly Democrats to vote the bill out of the full Assembly on Wednesday . In addition , Senate Democrats continues to work on their own version of an Edison "MOU," and the working relationship between the Assembly side and the Senate side appears strained . The Republicans in the Assembly are staunchly opposed to 82XX and are generally being ignored by the Democrats , since the Democrats need no Republicans to get a majority vote to pass bills . Meanwhile , Edison continues to twist . Will report back after the 1:30 hearing today . If anyone has questions , don't hesitate to contact me by pager @ 888.916.7184 . Best , Jeff
Please note that I didn't include Delainey , Whalley , Lavorato or Kitchen on this note . Left that to you for your call . Best , Jeff
Sorry so late , but does 4 PM California time work for you ? Best , Jeff
I've talked to Dan and he's available to represent Steve during his testimony on Wednesday . Few things: Dan's an excellent regulatory lawyer . Dan worked for many years at SoCalGas before going into private practice . Drew , I'll leave to you and Dan to work out the details of any contract for Dan's services . Dan will need immediately: A copy of Steve's testimony . A copy of the PUC Rulemaking , etc . calling for testimony . Any information on the list of parties who have indicated that they will cross Steve and for how long , and any testimony filed by those parties . In addition , I would recommend strongly that Dan and Steve ( at a minimum ) get on the phone and discuss Steve's testimony tomorrow , and plan to meet prior to the hearing on Wednesday . If you'd like me to participate in a call tomorrow , just let me know . If there's anything else I can do , just let me know . Best , Jeff
Hi Wanda/Michael . You aware of this ? I don't recall having received anything from PG&E . Best , Jeff
Great . Thanks very much , Wanda . Best , Jeff
Thanks so much . What's the RT fare for SF/Denver ? Best , Jeff
thank you much . Best , Jeff
Jim , I think that the point of the "flurry" is that we in California ain't received anything from PG&E . Seemed that Wanda , from her note , said that she is on top of it . Can you check in with Tamara and find out what her issues are ? Greatly appreciated . ( From what I heard on the phone last night , sounds like that little girl of yours is going to be an opera singer. ) Best , Jeff
Mike , Please make sure that Paul and Sue and I get on these notes . Thanks a bunch . Best , Jeff
FYI . This is the bill to de-link the bonds from the DWR contracts ( recall that the argument to end DA by the Gov's finance folks , the bond folks , and Angelides , the Treasurer stems directly from this linkage) . Though Hertzberg was initially a supporter , his legal consultant has been scared off by the Gov's people ( i.e. , to de-link would "impair" the contracts , triggering breach , liquidated damages and the end of Western Civilization as we know it) . The Senate ain't buying that line . As a result , it's now a Senate play , but they need Republicans to get the 2/3's necessary for passage , which ain't likely to be easy . We urging Brulte to go along , but only in exchange for deleting the "no DA" language in AB1X and for legislative language assuring that DA will continue . Best , Jeff Please respond to sgovenar
I've taken a quick look at the bill and have attached for easy viewing . Few questions . Mike , I understand from our conversation yesterday that your following this on behalf of Questar . Do we know if the other pipelines have been active in any discussions on this bill ? What about the generators ? Have then been involved , since presumably , their in need of lots more capacity ( and they're referenced in the bill) ? What about large customers ? They been screaming for more infrastructure , too , and many have blamed SoCalGas ( and the PUC ) for not delivering it . Do we know if pipelines , generators , large customers are supporting or opposing the bill ? I'll try to check around , too , in between the electric mayhem . There doesn't seem to be anything in the bill that prevents the interstates from building into the state . If that's true , wouldn't the PUC take those projects into account when doing its analysis and only require the utility to construct ( and noncore to take ) capacity that isn't already being met by others ( i.e. , interstates ) bringing pipe into the state ? Any info you can provide on these fronts would be very useful . Don't want Enron too far out in front of opposition until we find out a bit more regarding 1 ) whose fer and agin it and 2 ) analysis of what the bill actually does/does not do . Thanks again for the heads up . Best , Jeff
Thanks very much . I'm assuming that Bev is there in her capacity as lobbyist for Wild Goose on this one ? Can you please let me know 1 ) the outcome of the meeting and 2 ) any actions the group intends to take . I'm here in Sacramento , have alerted Hedy , told her that we're trying to gather more intelligence , and that you and your client are attempting to get folks together to mount opposition . Give me a call on my cell phone to fill me in on what the group decides . Finally , what information do you have about where generators and other large customers groups ( i.e. , CMTA , the Chamber and CLECA ) are on the bill ? Best , Jeff
I want to find out what the group comes up with this afternoon , and find out where CMA , the Chamber , CLECA and the generators are first . You know where they are ? Best , Jeff
FYI .
thx for email . likely that kirby/dunn will sign deal today ? best , jeff
Thanks . Call me on my cell , or page me after you meeting this afternoon and let's discuss . Best , Jeff
Sounds good . You can reach me at 415.782.7822 . Because my schedule is a mess ( thanks to the mess California has created) , if you don't reach me on my office line , please try 415.505.6633 . Also , I think that it would be very useful to have Leslie Lawner on , since she's involved a lot in California gas matters , but it's your call . Just let me know . Best , Jeff
FYI . Unclear exactly whose bill this is . Trying to get a handle on it . Sue's got a hunch that her buddy Herr Peace is behind it . Best , Jeff
FYI . Best , Jeff
did i mention that rental fees to use the truck are $67/day ? that aside , our net account is now: Nancy owes Jeff for Abalone ( $67/entree ) = $149,756.39 Jeff owes Nancy for parking fees ( $67/day ) = $189.00 Nancy owes Jeff $149,567.39 Also , thanks a million for the delicious dinner , the very competitive game of spades , letting me do my laundry , and compelling conversation about watery/non-watery tomatoes . Best , Jeff You back at work?? ?
USA: INTERVIEW-EnronOnline sees volume growth , CEO says . Reuters English News Service ( C ) Reuters Limited 2001 . NEW YORK , July 17 ( Reuters ) - As most players in a shrinking pool of online energy trading platforms struggle to stay alive , leader EnronOnline has a simple philosophy: If it ain't broke , don't fix it . The Internet arm of the energy marketing and trading giant Enron Corp . ,  EnronOnline predicts it will increase its volume and says it can coexist with the IntercontinentalExchange ( ICE) , the chief executive of Enron Networks told Reuters on Tuesday . The innovative company is always evaluating its business environment , ready to remold itself according to market demands , but it is not pursuing mergers or aquisitions for now , according to Greg Piper . "I would never say never , but we're not proactively looking at aquiring an ownership position in any other exchange platform," Piper said . With an average of $3.5 billion in trades every day , EnronOnline enjoys the highest volume of all energy electronic platforms . Most energy trading platforms launched last year have failed to generate profits . Its closest rival is ICE , which routinely exceeds $1 billion a day . But while ICE is a many-to-many exchange that matches bids and offers , on EnronOnline one can only trade with Enron . "It's a tool that supercharges our market-making business," Piper said . Enron is the No . 1 natural gas and electricity marketer in the United States . About 60 percent of its transactions are captured through the electronic platform . "As long as we show good prices to our customers , our volumes will continue to grow," Piper said . The company is looking to grow online volume in products such as metals , steel , weather , petrochemicals and plastics . "We're trying to remain the leader in energy and help our other markets get more traction," Piper said . "There is a huge amount of growth that we haven't even tapped into yet." Piper said he is not worried about ICE's recent success . The Atlanta-based exchange recently took over London's International Petroleum Exchange and plans to transfer its open-outcry business online , significantly boosting its trade volumes . "Maybe six to 12 months from now , the story might be a lot different," Piper said . "But right now , there is room for the both of us." He added that Enron traders do not shy away from trading on ICE . Many of the energy giants that founded ICE and provide most of its liquidity are also Enron's biggest clients . "Enron will seek out a good deal on ICE when there is one," Piper said . INNOVATION KEY TO SUCCESS Recognized as one of the most innovative companies in the United States , Enron is constantly evaluating its position in the market and thinking of ways to become more successful . "The right thing to do in November 1999 was to launch EnronOnline," Piper said . "But we look at it every day and if it made sense to do something different , you can bet that Enron would do it and we wouldn't be emotional about it." One of the company's advantages is the fact that its software is a flexible application that allows EnronOnline to easily go in an out of different markets and regions . It constantly adds new products to its trading arsenal . But Piper said that EnronOnline has no plans to turn itself in a many-to-many exchange . "We want to focus in providing our markets to others," he said . "In the near term , we're not changing that." The company is considering licensing the application itself , but would not elaborate on who wants it and how much Enron would ask for it . EnronOnline has been so successful that even its competitors take their hats off . "I've been hearing for two years now that a one-to-many exchange wouldn't work , but Enron just keeps proving people wrong," said Frank Getman , chief executive of online energy exchange HoustonStreet . "If you're willing to make tight two-way markets and be the best price in the market , then people will continue to use your site." Enron's stock rose 41 cents to $49.53 a share on Tuesday in trading on the New York Stock Exchange . Copyright ,  2000 Dow Jones & Company , Inc . All Rights Reserved .
Dear John: You're opening my flood gates , and I'm going to refrain from getting entirely upset . Please read the attached letter , which is the one that we sent to Dunn last week . To wit: according to the ISO's own calculations , Enron represents FOUR TENTHS OF ONE PERCENT--that's four-tenths of one percent---of the alleged "overcharges." John , combined , the government sellers , including CA munis have , by the ISOs own calculations , "overcharged" California by a factor of ONE HUNDRED times what Enron has alleged to have "overcharged." ( See letter from Winters to Burton and Ose. ) So notes like this , are ill-informed . I'm looking forward to Mr . Marcus and others directing their invective at SMUD , Glendale , Pasadena , Burbank and LADWP . Nettie Hoge is now being quoted as saying , "well , it's not the gouging . that's not the problem . it's the "profit motive" we've set up that's the problem." so munis are victims of a disease ( profits ) they can't control . everyone else is blood-sucking scum . ( in addition , please inform Bill that Sempra's contract with DWR is a drop in the bucket compared to others . it's easy and perhaps even good politics to go after Sempra , but getting Sempra ain't going to come within a light year of solving our DWR contract problem. ) Sorry for the flame , but it's gotten extremely tiresome , and it ain't personal; but the emperor has no clothes , which will increasingly become increasingly apparent . all that aside , we've got other work that's more important , and i look forward to continue working on it . best ,
I owe ya .
I think that you'll be fine for what you need it for on Thursday with the camper shell on .  Trust me .
FYI . New amendments out on DA that Keeley's accepted that I'm faxing to you right now . Also , it's 82XX we're talking about , not 83XX . 83XX is the bill that Wright's authoring with the Rs . Also faxing to you Reliant's "Dear Dunn , Go to Hell , Sincerely , Reliant" letter . Best , Jeff Vegas still sez best odds are on Edison going in .
Greetings Jeff: Hope all is well . I hear that my cameo in the video upstaged the pie... . If there's anything I can do to assist on the request from Chambers , just let me know . All the best , Jeff
Calif ISO Cuts Power Refund Estimate To $6.1B From $8.9B By Mark Golden NEW YORK ( Dow Jones)--California's estimate of how much the state was overcharged by power suppliers dropped to $6.1 billion from $8.9 billion whan adjustment requested by a Federal Energy Regulatory Commission judge wastaken into account , according to data submitted to FERC last week . The California Independent System Operator's estimate fell when the grid operator excluded power bought by utilities not under its purview , and itsestimate could fall again as it works in other recommendations made by thejudge following the conclusion of 15 days of talks between power suppliersand the state over potential refunds last week . Even as the ISO continues to recalculate its refund estimate , however , thestate is sticking to the original $8.9 billion figure , which has been callearbitrary by critics . The $6.1 billion estimate merely establishes "a potential framework for settlement discussions," Eric Hildebrandt , the ISO'chief analyst on the matter , told the FERC . FERC administrative law judge Curtis Wagner , who has dismissed the $8.9 billion figure as baseless and criticized California's delegation for notnegotiating in good faith , estimated in his report on the talks that refunddue may amount to about $1 billion . Power suppliers offered just over $700million . Wagner has recommended FERC hold a 60-day hearing to set the level of refunand has told the ISO to revise its estimate of what California is owed . The ISO's original $8.9 billion figure included electricity sales to municipal utilities and alternative energy suppliers that didn't go throughthe ISO's wholesale markets , the California Power Exchange or the California Department of Water Resources . Without direct knowledge of the prices of those purchases , the ISO made estimates . "We know the volume ( of the bilateral deals)," Hildebrandt said . "The refunamount was based on extrapolation of observed prices in the spot market."Resetting The Baseline Wagner told the ISO to recalculate its figure using only sales through theISO and CalPX markets - which were set up by the state's deregulation law for California's three investor-owned utilities to purchase power - in additionto sales to the California Department of Water Resources . The DWR has been buying power for the utilities since PG&E Corp . ( PCG , newsmsgs ) unit Pacific Gas & Electric Co . and Edison International ( EIX , news,msgs ) unit Southern California Edison ran out of cash in January . DWR hasalso been covering the needs of Sempra Energy ( SRE , news , msgs ) unit San Diego Gas & Electric Co . In arriving at his new estimate , the ISO's Hildebrandt also recalculated faprices - the baseline against which refundable amounts are determined - byretroactively applying the price controls FERC imposed June 19 . Those controls set prices by the operating costs of the least efficient generatorneeded to meet demand each hour . But last week , after Hildebrandt completed his $6.1 billion estimate , Wagnerecommended to FERC commissioners that the June 19 price control formula bemodified when used retroactively to determine refunds . Those modifications , if applied to the ISO's estimate , would cut refunds mufurther . For example , FERC's price limits are now based on a monthly averagof natural gas prices covering supplies throughout the state . Wagner recommended using power producers' actual gas costs . Since gas is considerably more expensive in southern California , using actual prices woucut potential refunds sharply . Also , Wagner said that refunds should be ordered on sales only as far back as Oct . 2 , which would reduce the total amount claimed by California by aboutone-third , according to Hildebrandt's previous monthly breakdown . ISO staff is again recalculating the refund estimate to reflect some of Wagner's recommendations , but the ISO will still include sales back to May2000 , said spokeswoman Stephanie McCorkle . "The reason we're not going back just to Oct . 2 is that all of the overcharges going back to May should be repaid," McCorkle said . "We just maintain that position." FERC Baseline Questioned In addition , Hildebrandt argues in his recently released estimate that whenfair prices are calculated retroactively using FERC's new formula , the priccap should be based on the least efficient generator the ISO knows to havebeen available , not the least efficient generator actually used to meet demand . That's because the FERC's new price controls require all available generators be made available to the ISO at any time , Hildebrandt said . Applying that rule would raise the ISO's revised estimate substantially: to$7.7 billion from $6.1 billion . One of the ways generators managed to manipulate prices higher , Hildebrandtsaid , was to not offer cheaper power from more efficient units . Consideringonly the least efficient generator actually used would make permanent therewards for such withholding , he said . "The judge is in error to suggest that the actual ( least-efficient ) unit uswould have been called on if the must-offer requirement were in effect," Hildebrandt said in an interview . In arriving at his estimate , Hildebrandt determined the difference betweenactual sales prices and what prices would have been for every seller and foevery hour since May 1 , 2000 , had price controls been in effect . The ISO released only the total potential refund , not the company-specific shares.Hildebrandt took issue with generating companies that have complained hisnumbers aren't justified . "These are based on very tangible records," he said . "The idea that it's ablack box is misleading." -By Mark Golden , Dow Jones Newswires; 201-938-4604; mark.golden@dowjones.co(Jason Leopold in Los Angeles contributed to this article. )
Greetings . Hope all is well . Trade you energy for broadband . Whaddya say ? Best , Jeff
Have you looked at the places in 82XX that Scott FedEx-ed to you that implicate the "PX credit?" I've gotta assume that Edison put it in , and I frankly , ain't had the chance to peek at it . For that reason , I'm worried . Can you page me and let me know your take ? Best , Jeff
Not going to D.C . after all . Now the bad news: that means I'll likely have to come back to Sacramento , instead .
Love to catch up . When you get a minute tomorrow page me ( I'm mobile this week ) and we can talk . 888.916.7184 . Best , Jeff
Have you seen this ?
Looks like Loretta's attempt to peel off the DWR contracts from the bonds at the PUC , which the Legislature has been contemplating but hasn't done anything about . Best , Jeff
John: I could be wrong about what I think Loretta's doing so make sure that somebody verifies before you pass on what I've said . Could be totally wrong; but hope I'm right . Best , Jeff
The Senate , the Assembly and the Governor are either poised to engage in very difficult negotiations , or the three are about to crash and burn and Edison's going to be left dangling . In the Senate: The Senate bill 78XX is with about 90% likelihood going to be voted out of the Senate tonight---without a vote having taking place in any committee . Burton announced during one of the two "informational" hearings that "this is it," despite the view of just about everyone who appeared before the committees the bill likely won't prevent Edison from going bankrupt . The key features of the bill are: Banks and QFs get paid in full . Edison shareholders would be responsible for debts owed to suppliers No direct access . There are conflicting reports about whether the Senate will take up the bill tomorrow de-linking the bonds from the DWR contracts and whether the Republicans will go along with it . In the Assembly: The Committee is hearing the Wright and Hertzberg bills as we speak , with Hertzberg's the likely winner . That bill now provides for Direct Access under certain conditions ( the amendments describing the conditions were faxed today) . We're attempting to get the "July 12" date changed to "the effective date of the bill" or later . The Assembly likely won't vote the Hertzberg bill out until tomorrow at the earliest . The Problem: The Assembly and Senate bills are diametrically opposed in the way each approaches the problem---in short , the bills are two ships passing in the night . The Democratic leaders ( Governor , Hertzberg , Burton ) aren't talking , and Burton hasn't expressed any interest in talking---to anybody . The likely outcome given the circumstances: Burton says he's done what he needs to do ( i.e. , passed out a "fair" bill); the Assembly and Senate can't agree; they finish the budget; time runs out; they leave Friday; and Edison's left twisting . That said , there's still a chance that the Governor could call Burton and sit down with Burton and Hertzberg and work something out by Friday , or begin talking and postpone the recess until they get it worked out . But given Burton , the chance of that happening seems very slim . In short , little has changed since yesterday . Best , Jeff
talked to pat . he wants me to talk by phone rather than come to DC . happy to go if necessary . chk email for leg update . best , jeff chk email for CA update . jeff
got message re: july 12 . understand . trying to change . chk email for leg update . best , jeff
thanks , babe .
FYI . How would you like to handle ? Best , Jeff
The wierdness continues.... . In the Senate: After Burton's "proclamation" yesterday afternoon that Senate bill 78XX was "all Edison was getting , period," the bill was voted down in committee and never made it to the full Senate for a vote . The bill will be "reconsidered" ( i.e. , voted on again ) today in the same committee . In the Assembly: Hertzberg's bill ( 82XX ) got voted down initially , until Rod Wright switched his vote and let it get out . 82 XX then went to the appropriations committee , where it was voted out , and now it's scheduled for a floor vote this morning . 83XX , the bipartisan bill led by Wright ( D ) and Richman ( R) , was also voted out of committee and will go to appropriations today . Will report back later this AM with any additional information . Best , Jeff aye aye .
wow , that's blasephemous , dude . hey , is there any chance that you might be able to pick up some instruments at Peacock today ? I was going to do it , but now have to go so fucking Sacramento . need to get the cameron's guitar so you guys can take with you to Colorahdee .
where can i call you ? needed to get cameron's guitar fixed so i can use it during the competition in colorado . had to get it fixed at peacock , but need to pick up today ( and prentice's ) banjo , which is getting fixed . where can i call you ?
Anything can happen , but Hedy just talked to the Executive Offficer of the Senate Rules committee who told her that it is very unlikely that the full Senate would vote on any contempt report before the Senate leaves for recess; that is , they likely wouldn't vote on anything until they return in August . Other info from the conversation: With respect to fines , sanctions , etc. , he said that "they're making it up as they go." Any vote on fines , etc . would only a require a simple majority to pass . chk email re: Dunn info from Hedy . Jeff
As best I can figure , Reliant's included . Best , Jeff
How's 8 AM PDT , 11 AM EDT ? Could you summarize for me precisely what she'd like to discuss ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
Scott: Can you try to find me bios of these folks ? Thanks very much . Jeff
Could not have happened to a nicer or more deserving bunch . Congratulations and all the best . Best , Jeff
Yes , 11 PDT works for me . Understand what you need . Will do best to deliver . Best , Jeff John: Here are two alternatives to the language in AB1X . The language does two things: 1 ) ensures that DA customers' costs are shifted to utility customers . 2 ) ensures that DA customers' don't unfairly escape any costs ( e.g. , bond payments , etc. ) We're assuming that you'll shop these with Lenny and we'll work the Reps on SB 18 ? Lemme know . Best , Jeff
Correction: 1 ) ensures that DA customers' costs are NOT shifted to utility customers .
The Republicans are currently on the Senate floor arguing ( noisily , repeatedly and passionately ) that California ( and the Senate in particular ) is being hypocritical and intellectually dishonest in attacking and investigating private companies and ignoring munis . One Senator specifically identified prices charged by LADWP and SMUD and compared those prices to Enron's ( 1/3 to 1/2 less than LADWP and SMUD charged) . Best , Jeff
In the Senate: Today the Senate passed out of committee SB18XX and is expected to pass the bill out of the full Senate sometime today . The bill would de-link 1 ) payment for bonds issued to repay General Fund dollars used to buy power from 2 ) payment for power contracts signed by DWR . The Senate has thus far failed to get its version of the "Edison MOU" ( SB78XX ) out the necessary committees in order to get it to the floor for a vote by the full Senate . It is unclear at this point whether the Senate will try to vote the MOU bill out of the Senate , or focus solely on SB18XX ( de-linking bonds from DWR contracts ) prior to leaving for vacation . Dunn got a resolution passed that permits his investigative committee to take depositions of individuals . In the Assembly: The Assembly has thus far failed to get an "MOU" ( 82XX or 83XX ) voted out of the full Assembly , though expectations are that the Hertzberg bill ( 82XX ) will get voted out of the Assembly today .
man , you ain't kiddin' .
Will do . Sue Mara , my colleague in the SF office , will join the call . Tom , what's your number ? Best , Jeff
Having failed to resolve either the budget or the energy issues , the Legislature is likely to postpone its recess and work through the weekend , at a minimum . In sum , though many claim that the Legislature will "vote for something," it still doesn't appear that the "something" will include a measure that will keep Edison out of bankruptcy . The Senate and Assembly remain extremely far apart in their approaches to amending the Governor's original MOU ( which is dead) . The ranks of politicians that view bankruptcy as the best alternative is growing . In the Senate: SB18XX---Bill to de-link the bonds from the DWR Contracts In the only bipartisan move to date , SB18XX passed out of two committees yesterday , but has not yet been voted on by the full Senate . The bill de-links payment of the bonds needed to backfill the state budget from payment of DWR contracts . The bill is being driven by increasing concerns over the volume and price of the DWR contracts . The DWR contracts are being held up as the reason California must suspend , or end , Direct Access . Republicans on the Assembly side are supportive of 18 , but Hertzberg--the Speaker--has joined with the Governor's people in the view that the bill would impair the contracts , consititute a breach , and expose the State to substantial damages . As a result , when the bill passes the Senate and gets over to the Assembly , its chances of passage there are low . The Senate's version of the MOU--SB72XX--limped out of its final committee yesterday before going to a vote by the full Senate , but its chances of passing the full Senate at this point are 50-50 . The problem is that many democrats believe they will be attacked for voting for a bill that will likely drive Edison into bankruptcy , while many other democrats fear it will look like they bailed out Edison----the courage and leadership is awesome . In the Assembly: The Assembly two versions of the MOU---AB 82XX and AB 83 XX ( now AB 50XX ) The Assembly is severely divided over how to address the energy issue . The Speaker is having a very difficult time getting democrats to support his own bill ( 82XX) . Many moderate democrats support a bipartisan bill developed by a democrat ( Rod Wright) , who has broken ranks with Repbublicans , and Assembly Republicans . In the end , the Speaker's bill is likely to prevail . Things are complicated by the fact that the Assembly is having a very difficult time getting a budget passed . As noted above , the Assembly democractic leadership opposes SB 18XX and is trying to cobble together an alternative to 18 .
Dude: Thanks a million for getting the instruments . Sorry to burden with the chore . See you in Cah-lo-rah-dee . Best , Jeff
Wilson says Davis ignored warnings about energy Former governor defends himself Carla Marinucci , Chronicle Political Writer Friday , July 20 , 2001 , 2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: Former Gov . Pete Wilson , who signed the controversial 1996 energy deregulation bill into law , blasted his successor Gray Davis yesterday for failing to aggressively use the governor's most forceful tool -- emergency powers -- to contain the state's energy crisis . "There are people who have ignored the supply and tried to blame the crisis on everyone else," the Republican former governor told nearly 100 academics and reporters at the Public Policy Institute in San Francisco yesterday . Arguing that Davis ignored early warnings about brewing problems and "put in jeopardy parks , schools and other capital needs," Wilson said the Democratic governor has skillfully engaged in finger-pointing and public relations to blur perception of the current energy troubles . "They've sought to blame me , and have done so with some success . .  .  .  And they've found a much more profitable and exciting target , President Bush," said Wilson , who wryly pronounced Bush's recent trip to California as "a triumph -- for Davis." But Davis' strategy , he said , "doesn't create one watt of new power." Wilson's speech -- his toughest public remarks to date on the energy crisis -- came the day the Public Policy Institute , a nonpartisan think tank , released polls showing Californians now believe energy ranks far and away as the state's most pressing problem . Many of those voters blame Wilson , not Davis , for the power shortages and rolling blackouts , the poll shows . The former governor's sharp words were rejected by Davis' senior political adviser , Garry South , who said Wilson is trying to "revise history." "If there is one shred of evidence that Pete Wilson said one thing or raised one red flag about energy supply , let him produce it," South said yesterday . "Pete Wilson accusing Gov . Davis of being responsible ( for energy ) is like Herbert Hoover blaming FDR for the Depression . We're trying to clean up his mess." The GOP former two-term governor spoke on the issue of California energy as members of the Bush administration fanned out across the nation , including a California trip by Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham , to push the White House's energy policy . But even the president appeared to point the finger at Wilson for some of California's problems . "They hadn't built a power plant in 12 years" in California , Bush told reporters Wednesday . "And guess what ? When you grow your state the way they have .  .  .  it creates problems." Such words chafe Wilson , who produced California Energy Commission figures that , he said , showed that small plants were built during his administration . In fact , he argued , the 1996 deregulation bill encouraged energy producers to seek state approval for new plants . While acknowledging the 1996 bill he signed was "flawed," Wilson said , "I thought the flaws would be addressed." "We knew it was not a perfect free market mechanism," said Wilson , adding that he had strong reservations about the utility rate caps included in the legislation . "(That ) was a gamble , but it was one that paid off for while." But , he insisted , the bill -- which critics say kicked off California's energy woes -- had benefits for the state . Wilson said it was believed deregulation would spur private industry to build new plants that would fuel industry and "lots of jobs for Californians." Deregulation was also seen as a means to balance power companies' concerns about a lengthy , "nightmarish" process -- which he said dated to the early 1970s -- to build large power plants . Davis "is now posing in front of those plants" opening because of decisions made before he took office , Wilson noted . "I hope that he's pleased with our handiwork." Wilson , also lambasted Davis for failing to heed 1998 warnings from the California Energy Commission about coming blackouts . And , Wilson said , as the state faced rolling blackouts , job losses , and skyrocketing energy costs , Davis failed to use one of his greatest tools in a crisis: emergency powers . Wilson noted that after the 1994 Northridge earthquake , estimates suggested it would take 2 1/2 years to rebuild downed freeways and overpasses . He used his emergency powers to offer incentives to contractors that rebuilt the bridges within 65 days . South , noting that Davis has used his emergency powers to deal with the energy crisis , said there is no comparison between an earthquake and a full- blown statewide energy crisis . E-mail Carla Marinucci at cmarinucci@sfchronicle.com .
Good plan . Best , Jeff
I realize that this note is likely stale , but , FYI , Ms Kassandra's is mistaken . SB 78 ain't silent on DA . It kills it , period . I sure hope that ARM is seriously opposed to the bill . Best , Jeff
Sorry for delay . Been mobile . Best , Jeff
ditto .
Senate approves Edison rescue deal , Assembly measure stalled By Jennifer Coleman Associated Press Writer SACRAMENTO ( AP ) -- The state Senate approved a bill that significantly alters the plan negotiated by Gov . Gray Davis to help the struggling utility Southern California Edison . The bill approved Friday , authored by Democratic Sens . Richard Polanco and Byron Sher , lets Edison issue $2.5 billion in revenue bonds to pay debts amassed when prices for wholesale electricity reached record-high levels in the last year . "I believe it's a measure that gets us to the goal of getting the state out of the business of buying electricity . . . and to bring this entity to creditworthiness," said Polanco , D-Los Angeles . Approved 22-17 , the bill now goes to the Assembly . The Assembly adjourned Friday night without voting on a similar measure . The Polanco-Sher plan shifts the burden of repaying the bonds to commercial and industrial power users and has been opposed by business interests and by Edison , which says it won't help the company escape bankruptcy . Davis' plan , announced in April , offers Edison $2.76 billion for its transmission system and lets it sell revenue bonds to repay the rest of its estimated $3.5 billion worth of debt generated when it had to pay skyrocketing wholesale power prices . Under the plan by Polanco , and Sher , of Stanford , the state has a five-year option to buy Edison's grid . That , said Republican Sen . Ross Johnson of Irvine , gives Edison a bailout it "neither needs nor deserves . "I am tired of this projection of Edison as a victim . They have their legion of lobbyists here telling us ad nauseam that they didn't support deregulation," Johnson said during floor debate . "The idea of Edison as the victim goes down in the annals of real whoppers . Edison paid their lobbyists bonuses for the successful passage of deregulation." During the 1995-1996 deliberations that led to deregulation , Edison officials helped create the current system in meetings with business interests and then-Gov . Pete Wilson , a Republican . Lawmakers are set to go on summer break Friday night until Aug . 20 , a schedule that conflicts with the deadline in the Memorandum of Understanding between Davis and Edison . That says the Legislature must approve the deal by Aug . 15 . "It's a firm deadline , which means this issue has to be fully resolved prior to the end of the legislative recess," Davis said Friday . For that to happen , either the Senate bill or a proposal by Assembly Speaker Robert Hertzberg , D-Van Nuys , and Assemblyman Fred Keeley , D-Boulder Creek , has to reach Davis . "I have problems with both bills," Davis said . "I am heartened by the fact that there's a bill moving in each house." The Keeley-Hertzberg plan trims at least $300 million from the governor's offer . It also allows Edison to issue the bonds , which would be repaid by Edison ratepayers over 10 years . The plan also attempts to increase the state's use of "green" energy resources and allow Edison customers to opt for cheaper direct-access energy service . The Assembly didn't vote on the Keeley bill Friday , because Hertzberg is considering forming a working group with the Senate and the administration to "iron out the bills' differences," said Hertzberg's spokesman Paul Hefner . Davis said he wanted any working group to continue working over the summer break to devise a compromise by the Aug . 15 deadline . "I don't want people to go out fishing for 30 days and come back and worry about it on Aug . 20 because I know we're going to have reapportionment and other major issues to deal with in that last month," the governor said . On the Net: Read the bills , AB82xx by Keeley and SB78xx by Polanco , at Read the governor's Memorandum of Understanding at
Summary of the activities since Friday: Overall , it's 50-50 or better that the Legislature will finish up the budget and recess until August 20th , without having passed some form of an "Edison MOU." Will have a better view of the chances of getting an MOU agreed to and passed through both houses by COB Monday . In the Senate: The "Edison MOU": As previously reported , on Friday , SB 78---the Senate's version of the Edison MOU--passed out of the full Senate and was sent to the full Senate . The bill sticks 100% of suppliers' debts with Edison's shareholders but pays QFs and other creditors . The authors believe that suppliers can't force Edison into bankruptcy because the claims are with the PX , not Edison , which in their view means that the suppliers can't reach Edison . Our lawyers need to assess whether the tactic is strong from a legal perspective . The bill creates an option to buy the transmission system , but rejects the Goernor's MOU , which buys it outright . Though there's some uncertainty , the bill appears to end Direct Access . Information we have indicates that the Assembly does not support and will not pass SB 78 in its current form . Enron ( and the marjority of market participants ) opposes 78 . The "Dunn Investigation": Dunn released his report regarding contempt charges against Enron on Saturday . The report recommends that the Senate fine us , beginning with $1,000 the first day , and doubling everyday thereafter until Enron "complies." Dunn announced on Saturday that he would attempt to bring the report to the full Senate for a vote on Saturday . In response , our lobbyist in Sacramento spoke to a leader of the Republican party in the Senate ( Ross Johnson) , and persuaded Johson to negotiate the date of the vote with Burton and Dunn . She was successful---Johnson went to Burton and got him and Dunn to agree not to vote on the report until the Senate returned from its recess on August If the Senate returns early , it could vote prior to the 20th , but the likelihood of that happening appears low at this time . The budget: The Senate passed the budget at about 1 AM Sunday morning . The Senate adjourned for recess after the vote and is not expected to return until August 20th . That leaves the Assembly alone in Sacramento to do its part regarding the budget and the Edison MOU . The Assembly In short , leadership within the Assembly is extremely weak and without much influence over its own party--the Democrats . The Speaker is viewed as having botched both the budget and the energy issue . Unable to do a deal , the Assembly recessed Saturday night and has not reconvened . It has therefore not taken the votes needed to finish up with the budget . The Assembly also has not passed its version of an Edison MOU , which it says it intends to do . Best information we have right now is that the Assembly does not plan to go back into session until Tuesday morning . Late Saturday night , the Assembly Speaker released yet another version of his Edison MOU ( AB 82XX) , but it does not appear at this time that he has enough votes among Assembly Democrats to pass it . Enron--together with business customers--opposes the version of 82XX released on Saturday night because it does not adequately ensure Direct Access . Best , Jeff
You didn't tell me that you were going to France to have a secret rendez-vous with Evie Kahl . Welcome back . It's been a fucking zoo . Best , Jeff
I think that there's only a hard copy , and I've got one that I can copy for you . Best , Jeff
The letter to your plastic surgeon looks very good . Nice job and best of luck . Best , Jeff
The Dunn report responsible for our stock hit today ?
Faxed you Dunn's report to the Senate . Best , Jeff
NOT-SO-GOLDEN STATE Looks Like a Recession Economy on the edge Sunday , July 22 , 2001 , 2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: California , the world's fifth largest economy , the global capital of technology and entertainment , is teetering on the brink of a serious recession . Unemployment is rising , job creation is falling and respected forecasters are painting a bleak future for the state . California is not alone . Nationally , the employment picture is also troubling . Income is flat . Industrial production has been shrinking for nine months . Only the mighty consumer has kept the economy going . The key problem is the slowdown in information technology spending , so important for California . Once the engine of productivity growth , and the source of rising standards of living , the double-digit pace of those spending increases slowed dramatically , beginning in the second half of last year . Since then , Silicon Valley companies have experienced sales declines of 5 to 10 percent , not calamitous drops , but compared to the 40 percent growth they had been used to , an enormous gap . Hence these companies have been cutting back on everything from production to personnel to facilities . The "new economy," it turns out , is not immune to the basic laws of economics . Nationally , the most respected "blue chip" private forecasters believe we will avoid a recession . They see the economy growing just over 1 percent this year and by 2 to 3 percent next year . Having been more optimistic for some years , I became more pessimistic last year , and remain so despite the Federal Reserve's interest rate cuts and the Bush administration's tax refunds . Whether we skirt the technical definition of a recession -- two consecutive quarters of negative growth -- will be a close call . We should see a modest recovery late this year , and a pick-up of steam in 2002 . The California economy is in for a rougher time , at least in the short term . And this time -- unlike the early 1990s , when Southern California bore the brunt of the severe downturn in the defense industry -- the Bay Area will be hit much harder . While the region grew much faster than the rest of the state in the '90s , most of the symbols of that growth -- full employment , exploding property values , shrinking commercial vacancy rates -- are already history . Workers who just a short time ago were getting BMWs as a signing bonus are now being laid off . Statewide unemployment -- 5.1 percent last month -- is likely to increase another percentage point or more as layoffs continue in high tech and aerospace . Still -- and here's some good news -- Bay Area unemployment , even in Santa Clara County , which took a major hit in June , is still below the statewide rate . In per capita income , the San Francisco and San Jose metropolitan areas are ranked first and second nationwide , 75 percent above the national average . What of the longer term ? California faces serious problems , not the least of which is the energy mess , which has exacerbated the current slowdown . Our recovery will probably lag several quarters behind the rest of the country . But the long-term picture is brighter . Information technologies have brought about permanent productivity improvements and transformed virtually every major industry in the so-called "old economy." Such enhancements will themselves result in renewed information technology spending , if not at the frenetic pace of the late 1990s . The main concern is whether California will degenerate into an even more anti-business climate . We are already viewed by the business community as an overtaxed , over-regulated state . Gov . Gray Davis' rhetoric , and some of his actions , during the energy debacle have only added to the impression . While Davis deserves credit for using the bully pulpit to encourage energy conservation , his demagogic attacks on "outside" energy companies , and the suggestion that California should go it alone , are not only poor policy solutions but suggest a degree of economic illiteracy on his part . His plan to have the state play an expanded role in energy production and transportation will require the expenditure of billions of dollars . Do we believe the state government could make those investment decisions wisely , efficiently and devoid of politics ? California would be better off if the governor got out of the energy business . The state will also continue to pay for the financial mishandling of the energy situation . The initial refusal by Davis' appointees on the Public Utilities Commission to allow utilities to enter long-term contracts worsened the shortages and sharpened the price spikes . Then , at the peak of the market frenzy , the governor's office negotiated long term contracts that lock the state into paying unnecessarily high prices . And by keeping prices to consumers unrealistically controlled , he has passed the burden for energy costs on to the taxpayers -- current and future . With all the problems and missteps , however , there is great reason to be optimistic about California's economic future . We are still a beacon of opportunity . We still attract the best and the brightest . We are still the best incubator of new ideas and businesses . However , our current woes should remind us not to take economic growth for granted . With better state policy -- lower tax rates , less regulation , reforms to improve our schools , and a more efficient energy and transportation infrastructure -- California will reemerge as the leader of a strong national economy , providing opportunity , mobility and still higher standards of living . Michael J . Boskin was chairman of the President's Council of Economic Advisors from 1989 to 1993 . He is now a senior fellow at teh Hoover Institution and the the Tully . M . Friedman Professor of Economics at Stanford .
Quick add on to Sue's note: Right now , appears they're focused on the budget , but could take up energy . There appears to continue to be considerable uncertainty----seems that even many Democratic Assembly members don't know at this point what the plan is for this afternoon/evening . Our lobbyists are attempting to get more info , which we'll pass on soon as we get it . Best , Jeff
Greetings: Looks like our respective sources are tracking pretty well . Best , Jeff
How long do you think it will take for Davis' people and the crazies in the Legislature to link the study and PRI to the funders ?
Great job . Keep it up . Best , Jeff
FYI . In case you don't have the cover memo that accompanies DWR's rev . req . submitted to the CPUC . Note DWR's reference to "our retail customers." Best , Jeff
FYI . Most recent version of 82XX circulated very late Friday nite . Does not look , at this time , that it's going anywhere , and indications currently are that the Assembly will finish the budget and leave for recess . Best , Jeff
FYI . This was a significant event while you were gone . I got tasked with putting together a letter to Dunn's committee from Steve . Here's the final . You should look it over so you know what's out there . Would be interesting to contrast with our recent FERC filing . Best , Jeff
Boy would I like to come to Houston . But looks like I'll be stuck here , at least this week . Soon as I get to Houston , I'll look you up and we can compare notes . Best , Jeff
Got the voice mails of all my contacts . Will let you know what I hear as soon as I hear it . Best , Jeff
FYI . Agreement-in-principle contracts ( under active negotiation as of June 15th ) are in . See page C-1 . Best , Jeff
what a doll ! you enjoying your time off ? sounds like all's well . enjoy the rest of the summer . Best , Jeff
Greetings: Left you a voicemail . We spoke recently about getting a device to record temperature on my property in Mendocino , where I'm hoping to grow a few grapes . Had a couple of questions about soil testing . Could you give me a call when you have a minute at 415.782.7822 . Greatly appreciated . Best , Jeff
Quick update to Jim's note: Still appears that the Assembly only has enough left in it tonite to deal with the budget and then recess; and it is still unclear if they'll get enough Republicans to go along tonite , or be forced to come back tomorrow to try again . If the Legislature does get the budget done and recesses without addressing the energy issues , then decision-making on some key issues---Direct Access in particular---will fall back in the PUC's lap . ( The Legislature is scheduled to be out until August 20th. ) The PUC has scheduled a vote on whether to suspend DA , the rate agreement with DWR , DWR's rev . req . and other issues on August 23rd . PUC President Loretta Lynch has said that she wants to issue a proposed decision on these issues sometime between now and the first week of August . As Jim points out , we continue to try to hammer out favorable outcomes for Direct Access and cost allocation in both forums----the Legislature and the PUC . Best , Jeff
The Assembly passed the budget late last night . The Assembly recessed without passing out any energy bill . There is some talk of a working group being convened beginning next week comprised of Legislative staff and industry to continue to try to work out a deal . For now , however , the free world is safe from the CA Assembly and the Senate--they've left and all Legislative activity is on hold until the 20th of August , unless leadership , or the Governor tries to bring them back early . The activity now moves to the PUC . Best , Jeff
That's the best and most accurate description I've heard yet . Best , Jeff
how's tomorrow night ?
FYI . Note toward end of story , mention of email from lawyer in class action suit to Davis advisor asking for help in "getting information out." Best , Jeff
see email re: Walters article in Sac Bee . Defends Enron's actions is Dunn case . Best,Jeff
My apologies . I just found this note . Very kind of you to invite me and I'll plan to attend . Best , Jeff
I'm only attending if I'm exempt from fouls this time . Best , Jeff
FYI . Many similar stories in the major papers today . Best , Jeff Figures show state lost big on extra power Posted at 9:53 p.m . PDT Monday , July 23 , 2001 BY JOHN WOOLFOLK Mercury News State figures show California may have lost about $14 million this month selling surplus electricity for less than it cost . The Mercury News disclosed last week that some power was being sold at a loss . But the new figures provide the first indication of just how much excess power the state bought in its desperate effort to avoid blackouts -- and how cheaply some of that power was sold when it turned out not to be needed . A Republican lawmaker said Monday the loss also shows Democratic Gov . Gray Davis' energy policies are needlessly costing consumers . ``This whole thing is a mess,'' said Assemblyman John Campbell , R-Irvine , who requested details of the state's surplus power sales . ``The government needs to get out of the power business before it costs Californians even more A state spokesman didn't dispute the $14 million figure outright but said it is an approximation based on average prices and that the actual loss probably is less . ``It's a number I'm sure he likes very much , but it's definitely an estimated number , and it could be far lower,'' said Oscar Hidalgo , spokesman for the state Department of Water Resources . Campbell responded that the loss also could be higher . The state has spent $415 million on power so far this month . State officials last week confirmed that cool weather and consumer conservation have left California holding more power than it needs . The revelation was a stunning turnaround for a state that months ago was paying top dollar for power , expecting shortages this summer . Price that was paid The state bought 3.5 million megawatt-hours of electricity for July at an average price of $118 per megawatt-hour , according to a response Friday by the Department of Water Resources to Campbell's inquiry . The state has sold 178,000 surplus megawatt-hours in July at an average price of $37 , the department said . Based on those average prices , the state paid $21 million for the surplus power , which it sold for $6.5 million -- $14.5 million less than it cost . A more precise calculation of the state's loss is difficult because purchased power is acquired at different times and prices and pooled as a Purchases included long-term contracts that averaged $138 per megawatt-hour as well as cheaper spot-market buys . State officials last week said they were selling surplus at $15 to $30 a megawatt-hour , while some traders cited unconfirmed sales as low as $1 . Hidalgo noted that the surplus sales represent just 5 percent of California's July purchases , which totaled $415 million . The $6.5 million from sales will help lower the state's power bill , he said , adding that utilities routinely sell some extra electricity . ``Despite the fact that we're in somewhat of a surplus , any power-buying operation in the world is going to have to plan for these types of situations,'' Hidalgo said . ``It's not unique , and in fact it's normal operating procedure for any utility.'' Other Western utilities , including Portland General Electric in Oregon , have said they , too , are selling some surplus power at a loss and describe it as a cost of doing business . The suppliers buying the state's surplus electricity on the cheap include the big out-of-state energy companies that the governor has called price-gouging ``snakes.'' Among them are Duke Energy , Dynegy Power and Marketing , El Paso Power Services , Mirant , Reliant Energy and Williams Energy . Hidalgo said the state took the best offers it could find . ``It's only reasonable to get the best bid you can,'' he said . Campbell said the $14 million loss is troubling because ratepayers or taxpayers will have to cover the cost , whereas a private utility could be forced to eat the expense if regulators determined it was unreasonable . State officials say what's more important is that the overall cost of power is dropping , from an average daily tab of $64 million in May to $25 million this month , in part because the state has so much power . Contact John Woolfolk at jwoolfolk@sjmercury.com Dan Walters: Blame game over California's energy crisis will continue for years ( Published July 24 , 2001 ) The wrestling match between politicians and Enron Corp . moved into a more intense arena over the weekend when a state Senate investigating committee sought contempt penalties because the huge energy company has refused to turn over internal documents . Although Houston-based Enron owns no major power plants in California , it has adopted the toughest stance of all energy companies against the multiple investigations of why wholesale energy prices spiked so high . And it has become , in turn , a whipping boy for California politicians . At one point last spring , state Attorney General Bill Lockyer said he wanted criminal charges against Enron and its chairman , Kenneth Lay . "I would love to personally escort Lay to an 8-by-10 cell that he could share with a tattooed dude who says , 'Hi , my name is Spike , honey,' " Lockyer said . With less colorful language , Gov . Gray Davis has often castigated Texas-based companies as price gougers -- even though Texas firms have been fairly minor suppliers to California . Some of it is just buzzword politics . Lockyer and Davis know that Californians dislike anything associated with Texas , and Lay has been one of President Bush's major political supporters . Enron , meanwhile , cites the rhetoric as evidence that Lockyer , Davis and legislative investigators are interested less in finding the truth than in seeking scapegoats . Enron also filed a lawsuit challenging the legality of the Senate's subpoenas of trading data . Most other energy companies have complied with the demands , creating Sacramento repositories of the data under elaborate confidentiality agreements worked out with the special Senate committee headed by Sen . Joseph Dunn , D-Santa Ana . But Enron has refused , and on Saturday , Dunn submitted a report asking the Senate for "an appropriate coercive sanction." Does Enron have something to hide ? Or does it sincerely believe that what's happening in California is political scapegoating ? Are the companies' fears about the confidentiality of the data sought by the Senate justified ? Would data be selectively leaked to show the firms in the worst light ? Would data be used by competitors ? Or could the information find its way into the hands of class-action attorneys ? Dunn , a prominent trial attorney himself , insists that confidentiality will be protected and that the information being sought is only for legislative purposes . But Enron and the other companies have some reason to be wary of turning over confidential information to politicians . Similar information was leaked -- without penalty -- in last year's investigation of former state Insurance Commissioner Chuck Quackenbush . And there are indications that private lawyers are working closely with investigators . Mike Aguirre , the San Diego attorney seeking a "smoking gun" to prove collusion among energy companies , supplied Dunn's committee with a few dissident Duke Energy workers who alleged , in highly publicized hearings , that the firm had manipulated production at its San Diego plant to create artificial shortages and drive up spot market power prices . Duke then refuted the charges by releasing some excerpts from the records of the Independent System Operator , the controller of California's power grid , indicating that ISO had ordered the plant operational changes . Aguirre subsequently asked the governor's office to pressure the ISO -- now under Davis' direct control -- to release all of the Duke-related documents that would show , he says , that the firm actually manipulated the situation . Duke and other companies insist that the ISO-held documents are proprietary . Aguirre pleaded with one Davis adviser in an e-mail that "we need your help in properly getting this information out." But Aguirre , in an interview , said he had not yet obtained cooperation from Davis aides . The political and legal struggle to affix blame for California's energy woes will continue for months , perhaps years . The crisis will cost ratepayers at least $50 billion , and they'll want to know why as they make out their utility bill checks . The Bee's Dan Walters can be reached at ( 916 ) 321-1195 or dwalters@sacbee.com
I'm on her list . thanks .
Well hey there to you ! Man , long time . I figured you must be married with kids by now . Well , I can tell you that my summer's probably a whole heckuvalot better since I'm not in the summer class . I'm assuming that you're doing it in order to get out in 5 semesters ? I decided to do it in 6 , but wil only have to take one class the last semester . Been thinking about you ( as I've watched my Sun stock crater) . How's it going ? What the heck you doing there ? I'm surprised that you've lasted that long in the South Bay . Good luck looking for a place in SF----smart move . I'm around in August and definitely up for a Happy Hour . Don't be a Stranger , Stranger . Best , Jeff
chk email . dan walters did story on email to Davis advisor . great commentary ! jerry taylor's hilarious . thx . jeff
is this on the website ?
thanks
I think that it would be useful for Ken to join the call . Your thoughts ? Best , Jeff
Bizarre as it sounds , we've now heard that they are calling the Assembly members back . So it appears that the Assembly leadership will at least make a run at this . We are getting more information and mobilizing industry . Some key considerations: The Governor is putting immense pressure on the Legislature to get something done . The Legislature is fearful of getting blamed by the Governor for having "done nothing." Becauase the Assembly has thus far "done nothing," the only thing it has in front of it is 78 . The Assembly could not agree to the Speaker's bill because it felt the bill was too far to the left; but 78 is even more one-sided . So there's a reasonable likelihood that 78 would have to be amended considerably in order to get the support necessary to get voted out . Once voted out of the Assembly , it would have to go back to the Senate , where the Senate would have to approve it . Again , the Senate has adjourned , so Burton would have to round them up and call them back for a vote , and there's no indication at this time that Burton's inclined to come back . In addition , Burton has said that he's not interested in making any changes to 78 , that "it's 78 or nothing." Consequently , for the Sentate ( i.e. , Burton ) to vote it out , it would first have to agree to the Assembly's amendments . Thus far , the Assembly and the Senate have not seen eye to eye on the issues . All that said , this Legislature is far from rational , and nothing can be counted out . We're therefore operating under the assumption that 78 could move . Will report back as information becomes available . Best , Jeff Please respond to sgovenar Thanks very much , Ken . This is a helpful start . Best , Jeff Please respond to "Ken Smith" ,  "Karen Regarding the one-pager we discussed today and for discussion in a later call , I wanted to offer a suggestion on an approach . I,d like to see something simple that uses headings to show what Enron has done , what concerns remain , and the steps you expect to take in the future . I've put together some very rough sample bullet points ( below ) as a start tget everyone thinking and as an example of a format that could be effectiveA short preface should also be added to set up the bullets , possibly something that says Enron has been working diligently to meet elements of the committee's subpoena despite remaining disgreements . What Enron has done: Delivered x number of documents Spent x man-hours compiling information requested by the committee Retained a depository in Sacramento for documents Negotiated in good faith on a continuous basis with the committee Enron,s concerns regarding delivery of additional documents: The committee has failed to implement an acceptable confidentiality agreemethat includes sanctions for anyone who breaches the agreement Confidential documents held by the Legislature -- such as in the Quackenbuscase -- have historically found their way to the press or made public , oftein a selective manner The broad nature of the committee,s request and whether requested documeare relative to this inquiry Whether a state legislative committee has jurisdiction over activities thatinvolve interstate commerce What Enron will do: ( Bullets on planned steps )
Interesting points . However , I don't ever recall you agreeing with every Commission decision on disallowances . And I know you wouldn't establish differing standards for IOUs and state water agencies . I just hope that this isn't the tip of the iceberg . You really think that Campbell is a dim bulb ? A Republican , yes , but I haven't heard anyone else describe him as a dim bulb . Best , Jeff
The Speaker ( Hertzberg ) just phoned . Been asked to attend a meeting in Sacramento at 2 PM today to discuss his latest attempt to craft a compromise solution to the energy mess . Am leaving for Sacramento now . Will report back from the meeting . Best , Jeff
yes .
Adding to Kristin's update , here's the summary of a meeting that just occured with Assembly leadership staff and industry on the Assembly's latest version of an "Edison MOU": The Speaker's staffer said that if he had to bet at this time , he would bet that the Assembly would not convene on Friday . He also said that , if it doesn't happen on Friday , nothing will happen until they get back from recess on the 20th of August . The Assembly will let folks know by tonight or first thing tomorrow whether they intend to move forward with a vote on Friday or recess . From the most recent proposal released today by the Assembly leadership , it appears that the centrist Democrats are prevailing . The proposal: Retains Direct Access ( though they said that they are continuing to be pressured by the Treasurer , who wants DA suspended due to the bond issuance ) Places 80% of Edison's past debt with large customers ( leaving 20% with small customers , which business customers or strenuously opposing) . Eliminates all references to any purchase , or option to purchase , Edison's transmission . ( They said there simply ain't the votes to buy , or consider buying , Edison's transmission in the Assembly ) Maintains the Senate provision , which would pay the banks , pay the QFs , but place with Edison the risk of figuring out how to pay the $1billion owed to suppliers . ( Even the munis are begining to complain about those provisions. ) Creates a tradeable , renewable portfolio standard ( conceptually similar to the one created in Texas) . The new bill is created by 1 ) amending SB78 and 2 ) gutting a different bill passed from the Senate to the Assembly , SB39 , and replacing it with the new version of 82XX . The two would go together to create the Assembly's newest proposal . If this bill gets voted out of the Assembly , it will likely have a difficult time getting the votes necessary to pass in the Senate , since the Senate has considered and rejected several provisions currently included in the Assembly version . Will report back on whether the Assembly's going forward or adjourning for recess as soon as we hear . Best , Jeff
plz see email for CA Leg update . Best , Jeff
While Leslie was out I had a brief discussion with Tycholiz , et al . They're going to pull together an outline of the things they're thinking about and get back to us on it for discussion . Best , Jeff
Just got a call from Hertzberg . He pulled the plug last night on trying to get an Edison MOU finished by this weekend . Too complicated; too rushed; he couldn't pull it off , but intends to continue working with folks . He said that likelihood now is that the Assembly will recess , come back on the 20th , and try again . Since the Legislature has adjourned without resolving the Edison/energy issue , the focus will now be at the CPUC , which is scheduled to rule on a rate agreement between DWR and the CPUC , Direct Access suspension , etc . at its August 23rd meeting . Best , Jeff Please forward to anyone else who needs to receive this .
Go Dick .
FYI . Hertzy called . He pulled plug . Assembly's going home . See email . Best Jeff
Greetings: I'm assuming that Washington/Houston has this covered , but if there's anything I can do to assist , don't hesitate . Best , Jeff To: Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron@Enron cc: Subject: Transwestern Hearing Hey , time to join the fun at FERC!! ! Sue Mara Enron Corp .
i think that i can get you something . how quickly do you need it ? best ,
can you call ? jeff 415.782.7822 . thanks .
Sue: Here's my shot at it . Please add , subtract , multiply as you see fit . Thanks , Jeff Got the California PUC to agree 1 ) not to place rate-cap related surcharges on Direct Access customers in SDG&E's service territory , and 2 ) not to impose 3 cent rate increase on DA customers in PG&E and Edison service territories . Got the PUC to delay votes threatening to suspend , or end , Direct Access in California . Got Senators Dunn and Burton to agree to postpone vote on Senator Dunn's report recommending that the full Sentate vote to 1 ) find Enron in contempt and 2 ) impose steep fines pending compliance by Enron . Got the PUC to postpone a vote which would have 1 ) amended the way California applies the "PX Credit" and 2 ) harmed EES' financial position . Provided the California Assembly Speaker with analysis supporting a core/noncore electricity market structure in California , which the Speaker then embraced as his own and established a working group in an attempt to implement the proposal in California . Helped reach an agreement with Edison to delay a PUC proceeding in which the Administrative Law Judge could have forced Enron to submit commercially sensitive information . Helped get California policymakers to agree to 1 ) raise prices in order to return the IOUs to creditworthiness; 2 ) establish a "demand buy-down" proposal; 3 ) focus on the need to expedite plant siting and construction; and 4 ) enter into long-term contracts to reduce exposure to price volatility . Worked with PR and Ken Lay to persuade California's business leaders to get involved in the effort to resolve California's energy crisis .
FYI . May be some useful data for folks .
i'll be back to switch cars later tonite , but too late for dinner---likely around 8:30 . love to play some 30 handed cribbage ! thanks again for dinner last nite . it was dee-licious . best ,
I was on the list . thanks . jeez , what next . oops .
ouch . will do . I'll get you what i can as soon as i can . best , Jeff
Thanks , Hedy: Not good . John White has a similar view , i.e. , Loretta doesn't have many choices given that the Legislature hasn't executed . John did say , however , that if we can provide the legal analysis to support doing something other than "suspend," Loretta is likely to be amenable . Seems like it would be useful to try to get the analysis , assuming that there's legal analysis to support an alternative to "suspend." Hertzberg and I are trading calls . Will report back as soon as I hear anything . Best , Jeff
FYI . Story on the effect of FERC prices on supply in PNW . Best , Jeff Power-Market Bear Mauls Plans For New Generators In West By Mark Golden Dow Jones Energy Service ( Copyright ( c ) 2001 , Dow Jones & Company , Inc. ) NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- The crumbling price of electricity in the western U.S. , attributed by many to federal price controls , has forced power plant developers to cancel projects , calling into question whether there will be enough electricity to meet demand in the Northwest this winter . The cancellations of peaking plants and temporary , oil-fired generators - high-cost units that provide power needed only when demand is highest - have cut projected generating capacity in the Northwest by up to 1,000 megawatts , about 3% of the combined peak demand of Washington , Oregon , Idaho and western Montana . "The price caps have added uncertainty," said Scott Simms , spokesman for Enron Corp . ( ENE ) unit Portland General Electric Co . "If we look forward to this winter and you see a diminished supply scenario , you can see why we have concerns about regional reliability . That could put us in a position of having rotating outages in the region." About two weeks after the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission imposed limits on western power prices on June 19 , Portland General halted installation of a new 45-megawatt gas-fired peaking turbine at its existing Boardman power plant . The utility was developing the extra generation both to meet its customers' needs and to sell some output to other Northwest utilities left short of hydroelectric supplies due to this year's drought . A turbine that size could power about 45,000 homes . "You can directly attribute that to FERC price controls," Simms said . After the FERC order , at least two utilities in Washington State ended negotiations with NRG Energy ( NRG ) for supplies from new plants that NRG was ready to build in time for winter . Both utilities - Tacoma Power and Snohomish County Public Utility District - experienced significant supply shortages in the past 12 months , paid very high prices in the spot market and had to raise customer electric rates by as much as 50% . But both utilities told NRG , and later Dow Jones Newswires , that they had no reason to sign long-term contracts to guarantee new supplies , because the FERC had practically eliminated the financial risk of relying on the spot market . NRG , as a result , scuttled plans to build peaking plants in Washington that could have added 300 megawatts . FERC's price controls , as well as supply-demand fundamentals , have dramatically changed the economics of selling power into the West's open market in the past few months . The current western U.S . electricity price cap of $98 a megawatt-hour covers the costs of generating power from easy-to-install but inefficient peaking turbines , but not the capital costs of buying and installing new peakers . In addition , the current price cap may soon be recalculated to a much lower level . The cap is based largely on natural gas prices , which have been cut in half since the cap was first formulated in June . Not Everyone Blames FERC The average monthly price for on-peak hours in the Northwest from August through March is $60 a megawatt-hour - a fraction of what it was three months ago . Many in the western electricity industry think that's because FERC's price controls have kept prices artificially low . A smaller group thinks the market is appropriately signaling that not all the planned gas-fired plants are needed , because some power plants are already under construction and consumers are conserving electricity . Jim Kemp , a senior executive for the Canadian utility TransAlta's ( TA.TO ) merchant power group , TransAlta ( TA.TO) , for example , doesn't attribute the cancellation of projects to price controls . "I see it as due to demand-side control and new units," Kemp said . "The market is sending out a signal that we have enough . Maybe this winter we will find that we don't have enough , but that's not the signal the market is sending now." The spot market for power has been far below the federal price cap for two months . Mild weather , a slowing economy and conservation efforts throughout the West have made power from expensive peaking plants unnecessary except for a few hours so far this summer . "Prices started to come down before the FERC mitigation plan started," said Tacoma Power supply analyst David Lucio , who was negotiating with NRG . "The need to try to execute a contract wasn't as great with the prices falling." Lucio said there should be enough capacity to get the Northwest through the winter , barring abnormalities like a long , extended freeze . Construction of dozens of peaking plants in the West is going forward in cases where developers sold supply contracts in advance . TransAlta is continuing construction of a 154-megawatt peaking plant in Washington , because much of the plant's capacity was sold months ago . "The number of announced projects is far and away more than what is needed within the time frame we're talking about," said Dick Watson , a director with the Northwest Power Planning Council . Still , several western utilities have asked the FERC to raise the price cap . Puget Sound Energy ( PSD ) told the FERC the cap "undercuts the Commission's efforts to ensure adequate supplies of electricity." As previously reported , some small oil-fired generators , which are even more expensive to operate than the permanent , gas-fired peaking plants , have even been taken off line permanently after being installed over the past six months . And orders for new generators have been canceled . -By Mark Golden , Dow Jones Newswires; 201-938-4604; mark.golden@dowjones.com Copyright ,  2000 Dow Jones & Company , Inc . All Rights Reserved .
You get this ? Scott said that it bounced back to him the first time . Best , Jeff done . Please respond to sgovenar
Attachment ?
Am on the list . Thank you .
God Bless You .
Unclear at this point . mon--in office tues--in office Great .
Is this the call to ensure that we're coordinated on the EES-related issuesbefore the California PUC ? Best , Jeff Susan J Mara/NA/Enron@ENRON , Jeff Dasovich/NA/Enron@Enron , Harry cc: Subject: 2:00 Conference Call Reschedules Today's; conference call for 2:00PM Central time is now rescheduled for2:30PM Central instead.; Please mark your calendars accordingly . Thanks ,
Consider yourself blessed .
Senior Director Enron Corp
Rick: Can you forward me the presentation that you mentioned when we talked on Friday . If OK with you , I'would love to crib from it for New York on Friday . Best , Jeff
Jeez , this takes the cake . Cameron , Perfect may want to get the publication ! Best , Jeff
FYI . it's now at 12:30 our time .
paid , 343.09 , which i believe is the balance due , as we discussed . plz call when you get a chance . i need to make plane res to new york . thx , jeff
your message , dearie .
Thanks Pat . Do you know who will be in the audience ? And how many folks we are expecting ? Also , if there are specific things that you folks want/don't want me to say , please let me know . Best , Jeff
Hi . Please book me SF/NYC round trip,leaving Tues 8.2.01 at 9:15 am , returning on sunday taking the 4:15 pm from NYC . Also please book me an additional ticket on the same flight using MY mileage plus miles ( number is 369 321 854) . Please book me at the Waldorf ( midtown , like 50-ish and Lexington?) , because we have an Enron ( $280 ) rate there . Please book it for 3 nights--thurs/fri/sat . Thanks a million . Best , Jeff
we have time yet for tomorrow's meeting re: contempt stuff ?
wow . ok . that works with me . you read the new , amended complaint ? pretty tough stuff , which is the only option they've left us... .
its a WP doc . so detach and save first . then open from the folder where you saved it . word will then convert it from wp to word and let you open it . if you have problems , let me know . best ,
Sure that everyone's seen , but just in case.. . Hope everyone's well . Best , Jeff
need to make it a little later , like 10 AM . will be in portland that day and don't get in till 8:45 . that work ? best ,
literally JUST found out that the meeting's been cancelled . so may work out just fine . let me get back to you in about 30 minutes . best ,
were you going , too ? i hadn't heard a damned thing . steffes just informed me .
tons of fun .
Thanks Cynthia . Could you please try the W ( since I know that one ) and let me know as soon as possible ? Greatly appreciated . And I'll go ahead on the frequent flyer miles . I'm assuming that the ticket you booked for me ( is the one that leaves SF on 8/2 at 9:15 AM and returns from NYC on 8/5 at 4:15 EDT) ? Thanks again . Best , Jeff
Dandy . Thanks so much . What's the address of the W ? Best , Jeff
FYI . Bev just phoned . Assuming all goes well---and it should----she'll back on her feet and working next Tuesday . Best , Jeff
thanks to you both very much for your help . best ,
well , i'm sorry it's been cancelled . would have been fun . i'm going to go anyway---get my review from paul and talk to the folks up there . can we do the call at 10 am PDT ? best ,
yes , please ticket . thank you . best , Jeff
i'm here . call when you can . best,jeff 415.782.7822
Thanks . I'm pretty sure that is the same Ms McFadden . Might be interesting for you to contact her . Let's discuss a bit more . I'll call you tomorrow , if you're around . Thanks again for the info . Best , Jeff
Greetings: With California enjoying a brief respite from Legislative antics , we plan to cancel tomorrow's California call and will reconvene on Thursday . However , if anyone has pressing matters or information they'd like to discuss tomorrow , we'll go ahead with the call . Let me know . If I've missed anyone with this note , please forward along . Thanks . Best , Jeff we're always looking for new recruits , eh ?
Folks , since many law firms have failed to exit the dark ages , they continue to use wordperfect . To open this , don't launch . Instead , "detach." Then open the file that you've "detached" and it should convert from WP to word and you should be able to open it . Best , Jeff
Thursday evening . Staying at the W . When and where would you like to hook up ? Enron have NYC office ? Best Jeff
Greetings . Since I get everything that you forward , you may remove me from you distribution list . Hope all is well . Best , Jeff
Greetings Ms Dotty . Hope you've managed to stay a night or two in your house recently . Do you think that it would be OK to call your cousin in Sea Ranch ? I have some carpentry work I'd like done on my property ( panel interior of cabin; build deck and gazebo ) and thought I might get him , or someone who works for/with him , or someone he could recommend to help me out . If you think he wouldn't mind having me call , might you have his phone number ( and full name) ? As always , greatly appreciated . FYI: Just talked to the guy from UC Davis who's in the field for Mendocino County . He says that by the sound of it , my property just might end up being All the best , Jeff
Well sometime between 11 PM last night and this morning , my computer died . However , I will nonetheless get a draft of the letter out today for discussion on tomorrow's call . Given the glitch , it will likely be out by COB today . Apologies for the delay . Best , Jeff
Who would be attending ?
FYI . David Freeman and DWR....public power working for California . Power delivery efficiency questioned: Output at low-cost generating plants has been cut while costlier ones continue to operate . By Carrie Peyton Bee Staff Writer ( Published July 31 , 2001 ) California is sometimes deliberately cutting output from low-cost power plants while running more expensive ones , utility and grid officials say . The sporadic episodes haven't cost much yet , but they illustrate a potentially troubling disconnect in the system that has quickly grown between two agencies that help deliver electricity to a power-strapped state . "We seem to be building this inefficiency into the system , and it doesn't seem to be getting better," said Mike Florio , a consumer advocate who sits on the governing board of the Independent System Operator . The trouble is that the ISO , created in 1996 to manage the power grid in a deregulated electric market , tries to run the grid by auctions that -- in theory -- provide the cheapest electricity for the state's consumers . Meanwhile , the state Department of Water Resources , which in January stepped in to buy power on behalf of cash-strapped utilities , isn't bidding at some auctions because it believes it can provide cheaper power if it doesn't . "We have an inefficient market and an inept government entity . It's sort of the worst of both worlds," Florio said , criticizing his agency and the DWR . ISO staffers decline to discuss the situation in detail , saying it involves confidential bidding behavior . But Pete Garris , chief of operations for the power-buying arm of the Department of Water Resources , confirmed that the ISO has been asking his agency to take part in more auctions , but the state has declined . The state's role is to buy electricity for customers of utilities whose credit was no longer good enough to buy on their own , he said . "We're not in it to do those kinds of marketing functions," he said . "It's not necessarily a good fit." Some of the ISO auctions are used to lessen congestion on transmission lines . Others are used to stabilize the grid by slightly increasing or decreasing output when demand doesn't match forecasts . Generally , the highest-cost power plants should be the ones cutting back , a process the industry calls "decking." But since May , on ISO orders , Southern California Edison has repeatedly throttled back on the Mohave Generating Station , which produces some of the cheapest power available to California today , costing as little as $10 to $20 a megawatt-hour . Edison , which owns a majority share of Mohave , has cut its output by 5,660 megawatt-hours between May and July , about one-half of 1 percent , at the ISO's behest , according to data Edison provided to The Bee . The ISO could probably have saved the state's consumers $370,000 at one plant if it had asked a higher-cost gas-burning plant to cut back instead of Mohave , a coal-burning workhorse in Laughlin , Nev. , Florio said . The amount sounds like "small potatoes," but in some ways it is more alarming than the $14 million the state lost recently by selling excess power for less than it paid , he said . Industry experts agree that such below-cost sales are common in a business where power needs fluctuate dramatically based on the weather . By contrast , "this is a dead weight loss . Higher costs are being incurred for no good reason," Florio said . "The question is , why is the ISO calling on Mohave and not ( cheaper ) gas plants ? The answer is , the gas plants aren't bidding . . . probably because they're contracted with DWR," he said . Four Corners , another low-cost coal plant partly owned by Edison , has also been throttled back at ISO request , Edison officials said . In addition , so few bidders have shown up at ISO auctions to ease stress on transmission lines that the system has fallen into disarray , with the ISO instead ordering across-the-board power production cuts that are boosting costs , Florio said . For its part , the ISO will say only that "we are making the most economical decisions we can based on the bids available," said spokeswoman Stephanie McCorkle . DWR's Garris said the state and the ISO have been meeting repeatedly on bidding and other coordination issues , and he hopes to have a smoother-running system in place by next summer . The Bee's Carrie Peyton can be reached at ( 916 ) 321-1086 or
an extremely big one... .
Hi . Me again . Thanks for all the help with the New York trip . I have another question . My family ( four people ) is going to Boston on September 2 , returning to SF on September 9 . I noticed on United's website that they have round trip for about $365 and I was wondering if you folks can better that ? Best , Jeff
Gouger Gray Davis California's petulant governor ignores reality as he overpays for electricity LANCE T . IZUMI Mr . Izumi is a senior fellow in California Studies at the San Francisco- based Pacific Research Institute . On the surface , things seem to be going pretty good for Gov . Gray Davis with regard to California's electricity crisis . The governor has scored some nice publicity by switching on some new power plants . The weather has been unseasonably cool . His poll numbers are edging back up . Yet beneath this optimistic picture lie troubling problems . For example , Davis's argument that out-of-state power generators are responsible for the electricity crisis has been falling apart . For months , Davis has been claiming that private generators have overcharged California by $8.9 billion and demanded that this amount be refunded to the state . However , after a two-week mediation between state officials and the generators , Curtis Wagner , the federal government's chief energy regulatory judge , rebuked Davis's claim saying that such a huge overcharge "has not and cannot be substantiated." Further , while the generators may be liable to refund a much smaller amount to the state , perhaps $1 billion , Wagner said that generators are owed more money by the state than they owe the state in refunds: "Can a cash refund be required where a much larger amount is due the seller ? The chief judge thinks not." Davis reacted to the judge's ruling by calling it a "raw deal" and by urging the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to ignore the lack of evidence and the judge's conclusions and to "step up and provide the refunds we've asked for." Davis's position , as usual , is motivated purely by politics . Indeed , Dan Walters of the Sacramento Bee says that Davis is operating in a "melodramatic virtual world" de-linked from reality . Davis's blame-the-generators argument took another body blow when newly released documents showed that , on average , major out-of-state power companies such as Enron , Duke , Dynergy and Mirant charged less than the average prices paid by the state during the first three months of the year . California government utilities , on the other hand , such as the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power and the Sacramento Municipal Utility District ( SMUD) , charged the state much more for electricity than the out-of-state generators . For example , while Texas-based Enron , a favorite Davis whipping boy , charged an average $181 per megawatt hour , SMUD charged an average $330 per megawatt hour . Davis responded to this revelation in typical political fashion . A Davis spokesman said that the governor had expressed his anger at "the generators who wear cowboy hats" and that "just because there are other entities that are charging us more doesn't change the fact that we are getting ripped off by companies from Houston , Tulsa , Atlanta or Charlotte." Yet , for all Davis' feigned indignation about consumers being ripped off , it turns out that he and his regulators are poised to ensure that business consumers are ripped off by state government . Davis has signed $43 billion in ill-advised long-term purchase contracts at rates above-market-price . The state must , therefore , ensure that enough business customers remain in the current state-controlled distribution system to pay for high-priced state power purchases . This is especially important to Davis since the high prices are borne disproportionately by business . Thus , Davis' regulators are set to eliminate "direct access," which allows businesses to shop for cheaper power . Who's the real gouger ? No matter how much Davis points the finger , Californians are paying dearly for his political opportunism and bad policies .
Thanks . Looks like one thing good has happened for them today . I don't think Maviglio will be able to stay . Your thoughts ? I'm glad he made some money off of Enron stock . ( What a jerk. ) Also , we did file the amended complaint yesterday and the motion to quash will be filed today . Best , Jeff Please respond to sgovenar
You're a doll . Thanks . Hope to talk to you soon . Best , Jeff
Really appreciate it . Thanks so much .
dunno . didn't say in the clips that miyung sent around .
Thanks . Looks like I'm going nonetheless---things I can do up there .
Hi Mike: Parquet found me to talk about the QF ideas that you guys are bouncing around . I'll be in Portland tomorrow . You have some time to sit and discuss a bit ? Best , Jeff
thanks lara .
thanks lara . Thanks , Sue . Thanks , Lara .
PS--I'm trying hard ( but failing ) to shift the blame for our stock drop away from the bozos running California to the wacky broadband market . Any help you two can provide would be greatly appreciated . PPS---It's Ms Mona's birthday today . Hope to see you both real soon . Best , Jeff
Sounds good . See you at 11 . Best , Jeff
Bear with me . I want to work on it through the evening . Will make sure that it's out tonite , well in advance of tomorrow's 1 PM PDT conference call . Best , Jeff
please print out as overheads: pages 1 ( cover page) , 5 , and 6 . Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
Got 'em . Thanks a million .
I've just been informed that I'm being switched to Outlook tonite , which means , I've been told , that I may not have access to my email later this evening . If that holds , I'll email the draft to everyone first thing in the morning ( hopefully by 8 AM Houston ) time . Otherwise , it'll land in your email later tonite . My apologies for all the machinations . Best , Jeff
Sue's back today . She and I can get info for you today . Best , Jeff
Not quite sure why you're on this . I think you can pass . Thanks for message re: Sanders . Best , Jeff
Might be a good idea to check in and see if he's got what he needs . Thanks a million for the help . Best , Jeff
FYI . We should discuss . Best , Jeff
Morning . FYI . Good 'ol SDG&E . Best , Jeff
Alan: This is highly confidential . Please do not share with anyone . I'm going to call you to discuss . Hope you're vacation was good . Best , Jeff
Thanks . She called me . It's the 29th at 1 pm . It's at John's office , but I don't have the address . Could you get the address and email it to me , Christina and Dave Parquet ? Greatly appreciated . I'm in Sacramento today . Best , Jeff
tentatively in Sacramento all week .
the secret is old vine gravensteins and a great chef ! thanks so much for your help . i'm sending a check for $200 for propant and....how much for prentice to be in the pool?? ?
It's true . I drew the short straw and will participate in place of Rob Bradley , who will be elsewhere on that day . Best , Jeff
Dave and I are supposed to be in a meeting in Sacramento with John White at 1 PM in Sacramento . So the timing may be tight . Perhaps we could do 4 PM ? Best , Jeff
Mark: Did you get a copy of this from Mike Day ?
I just got it . I'll fax it . Trying to read , but am currently reading the latest version of SB 78 , which we just got and Scott has faxed . Jim , here's the latest . It's going to be heard this afternoon , per Scott's note . It is not clear whether 1 ) it's going to make it through the Legislature , and 2 ) if it does make it through , whether Davis will sign . It's very tied up with/linked to the other measures ( Edison bailout , etc.) . Am trying to get more info , but that's it at this point . Will report back on what happens at the hearing on the bill . Best , Jeff
received it . thanks .
thanks .
Got calls in to them . Will let you know just as soon as I hear a thing . And , yes , you spelled them correctly . Best , Jeff
Mike: Possible to get a copy of the filing ASAP ? Greatly appreciated . Best , Jeff
FYI . Please see note chain . Legislative effort differs considerably from this . Note on that bill and today's Leg events to follow . Best , Jeff
remove
The pressure on the PUC is getting strong . Could be a move by Davis' office to get folks to support the Assembly bill as a preferrable alternative to the July 1 date now included in the PUC draft . Best , Jeff
Those would be the messages . Short , sweet and to the point . More info to follow . Best , Jeff
FYI
Ditto .
agreed .
My understanding is that we'll all try to attend .
Can I distribute to the business groups ?
nope . will keep trying.. .
i'll try to reschedule the dinner if i can .
Don't want to leave you in the lurch , though .
Getting a little concerned that Borenstein might be on vacation--haven't heard back yet . Will let you know just as soon as I find out . Best , Jeff
John: You aware of , know anything about , this ? Best , Jeff
Also , unless something's changed , the obligation would be tradeable .
u got it yet ? also , you can listen via internet . best , jeff
fyi . you can listen to hearing via-internet . room 4202 . go 2 assembly website at 3 pm , or so . best,jeff
ignore fax . wrong bill . changes to language didn't get made . new version expected out in about 1 hour . jeff
I'd do it if you needed to . We have a big office there .
Let's look some more . I don't think there's anything that would disqualify any plants .
Sorry , but could you re-email Federico's bio to me . Thanks . Best , Jeff
Good talking to you . Thanks for taking time out to have lunch with Federico . I'll be accompanying him . See you at around 11:45 on Friday . I'll forward to you shortly some brief information that Federico put together about himself in advance of his trip to the US . Best , Jeff
Mike: A few thoughts: Conference calls on issues of this size don't generally seem very constructive , and I'd suggest that we push for a face-to-face with Edison . If the Legislature doesn't get the MOU out well in advance of September 14th , Edison won't be focused , and I'd suggest that we try and reschedule . No matter the forum , the proposal will be tough to get through , even though it makes alot of economic sense . It's a big change , and big changes don't come easy , no matter the benefits . That said , no shots , no ducks . We ought to make a push . The proposal may not be contingent on Legislation . It might be possible to make it happen at the California PUC . Assignment to DWR would be significant and might require legislation ( need to ask a QF lawyer) . The proposal makes sense for both the IOUs and DWR , since both want as much "headroom" as possible in rates to cover their respective revenue requirements . Given the pending rate agreement between the CA PUC and DWR , and the utilities' messed-up financial position , DWR is clearly the preferable counter party from credit perspective . All that said , none of the above matters much unless the utility , a critical mass of QFs and the PUC's consumer advocate ( "ORA" ) buy into the idea . I'd propose that we continue with Edison . If Edison bites , then go jointly with Edison to persuade the QFs . If the QFs bite , then go jointly with Edison and QF to try to persuade ORA . On the issue of sleeving through the IOU or DWR , it seems useful to remain flexible on that , though absent general support from the IOUs , QFs and ORA , the entity will be academic . Some preliminary thoughts . Happy to discuss further . Best , Jeff
Apologies , forgot to mention that the "consumer" groups generally don't have a problem allowing Edison to pay off its debt to the QFs .
No problem . Thanks for re-forwarding . Best , Jeff
Name: Federico Surname: Boschi Born in Bolgna on 29 December 1963 Address: Via D'Azeglio n . 63 Bologna Italy Zip code: 40124 Italy Tel: +39051581275 Mobile: +393356645158 Study: Graduated in economics on 1995 , Bologna University; Thesis in Industrial Economics on: liberalization of the Italian electricity industry . Languages: Italian mother language English Good Spain sufficient Business experience ( Most relevant); July 2001 as of today Company: Acquirente Unico (  a electricity purchasing agency for the whiole Italian captive market ) Position: Purchase and sales manager; moreover I'm responsible for setting up the risk management office July 2000 up to June 2001 Institution: Autorita' per l'energia elettrice ed il gas ( the Italian energy regulator ) Position: officer in the electricity area; Main tasks: a ) stranded costs recovery mechanism; b ) scarce import capacity allocation criteria c)wholesale market rules ( code of dispatching regulation including ancillary services market - including the balancing market - and congestion management mechanism) . March 2000 up to June 2000 Position: member of the Minister's technical secretary ( advising the Minister on energy issues ) March 1997 up to June 2000 Company: AMI Imola ( a water , gas , electricity and waste disposal municipal utility); Position: Responsible for strategic planning; I also wrote articles on electricity regulation ( tariffs , wheeling.. ) in Italy . Expectations: As I'm responsible for setting up the trading desk and the risk management office of Acquirente Unico ( that is itself a newly constituted company ) I would like to improve my knolegde on these issues ( resources and skills needed and so on); I would like to understand what could be outsourced and what kind of incentives it requires . I'm so sorry , That's the best I can do as I'm still on holiday Bye Federico
Hey Delaney . Please forward to the other business folks ( and anyone else whom you think might be interested) . Best , Jeff
Thanks very much . FYI . Steffes is coming to Sacramento tomorrow . I'll be bringing him back to SF in the PM and he'll be in the office on Thursday and at least part of Friday . Best , Jeff PS The meeting's been switched to 2 PM .
With Jim in Sacramento tomorrow , and hearings scheduled to discuss additional amendments , seems like a good opportunity for Jim to testify and knock some sense into the damn committee . They won't know what hit 'em . Best , Jeff
dj interactive
Great idea . Thanks very much for the info . Katz is point-person for Davis on the Edison MOU . Best , Jeff
Copyright ?  The Sacramento Bee Dan Walters: Edison bailout plan is oddest piece of legislation in recent m(Published Aug . 29 , 2001 ) Senate Bill 78XX may be the most unusual legislation to hit the Capitol in decades , in terms of both its content and its convoluted political dynamicsThe measure is the latest incarnation of months-long efforts by Gov . Gray Davis and some legislators to rescue Southern California Edison from joining its larger cousin , Pacific Gas and Electric , in bankruptcy court . That is odd unto itself , since state legislation to openly provide billions of dollars in benefits to one private corporation may be unprecedented . Literally dozens of versions of legislation to bail out Edison have floated around the Capitol , ever since Davis announced last spring that he had reached agreement with John Bryson , chairman of Edison International , the utility's parent corporation . The Edison deal was announced just a few days after PG&E rejected Davis' overtures and took itself into bankruptcy court . Both utilities ran up many billions of dollars in debts buying power in the last six months of 2000 because the state rejected their pleas to raise retail rates . Edison's -- or perhaps Bryson's -- fear of bankruptcy is another puzzling aspect of the issue , given the almost cheerful manner in which PG&E placed itself in receivership . Edison has spent millions of dollars on lobbying , advertising and other forms of political persuasion , trying to nudge the Legislature into passing a rescue plan that lawmakers are clearly reluctant to do . Is avoiding bankruptcy a matter of personal pride for Bryson ? Or , as some suggest , does it stem from Edison's tardiness in erecting an impregnable financial fire wall between the utility's assets and those of the parent holding company , Edison International ? Edison scrambled to build a fire wall after bankruptcy loomed , but financial analysts are uncertain that it's as strThe dynamics within the Capitol and among various interest groups are equally odd , following none of the patterns that usually explain why politicians do what they do . Legislators of both parties are all over the map on the Edison issue , and factions that are ordinarily allied find themselves at odds . One example: Liberal consumer groups are strenuously opposing any bailout for the utility , while liberal environmentalists like the current scheme because it would bring thousands of acres of Edison-owned Sierra watershed under state control . Perhaps the most mysterious aspect of the Edison situation is why Davis , ordinarily the most cautious , commitment-averse of politicians , is making such a crusade of keeping the utility out of bankruptcy court . Why would Davis put so much of his gubernatorial prestige behind such an iffy proposition that exposes him to leverage from lawmakers seeking other favors from the governor and , polls indicate , is not popular with voters ? Harvey Rosenfield , the consumer gadfly who has established a "war room" near the Capitol to fight the Edison scheme , believes that Davis' unusual efforts stem from a desire to run for president in 2004 and a fear that Wall Street would blackball him if Edison follows PG&E into bankruptcy court . Another possible explanation is Davis' decades-long relationship with Bryson . The two served together in former Gov . Jerry Brown's administration ( Bryson was Brown's Public Utilities Commission president ) and both have strong ties to the Democratic political organization in West Los Angeles headed by Reps . Henry Waxman and Howard Berman , who , in effect , allowed Davis to launch his career by winning a West Side state Assembly seat in 1982 . The most influential member of Edison's board of directors is Warren Christopher , a Democratic elder statesman and former secretary of state . Bryson and Christopher flew to Sacramento late last year to plead with Davis to take command of the energy crisis , allow utilities to raise rates and staunch the red ink . Davis refused , and nearly a year later finds himself trying to keep Edison out of bankruptcy court . We may never know why Davis is going to bat for Edison , but we will know , very soon , whether he can pull it off or will wind up with egg on his face.The Bee's Dan Walters can be reached at ( 916 ) 321-1195 or dwalters@sacbee.c|
Thank you .
Late last evening the Assembly committee passed its version of the Edison MOU ( SB 78) . Despite attempts by consumer groups to weaken and/or eliminate the DA provisions in the bill , the bill passed with the DA provisions intact . The DA provisions in the bill that passed out of the committee are essentially the same as those discussed previously ( see previous note attached) . The Assembly will now attempt to get the bill out of the Appropriations committee today or tomorrow--the expectation is that the bill will make it out of that committee . When and if the bill makes it out of the Appropriations committee , the Assembly will attempt to pass it out of the full Assembly . If it makes it out of the full Assembly , it will then go to the Senate for approval , where the leader of the Senate , John Burton , continues to say publicly that the chances of passage in the Senate are slim . On the PUC front , efforts are underway to stop the PUC from passing the proposal it issued last week . The current PUC proposal would suspend DA retroactive to July 1 . In conversations with the Governor's point people in charge of getting the bill passed , they indicated that they are aware of the problems with the PUC proposal and are working to resolve it . We'll continue to provide updates . If you have any questions , don't hesitate to contact me at 415.782.7822 . Best , Jeff
Great . Look forward to the call .
Apologies , but any chance of doing it before noon central , or after 4 pm centra. ?
FYI . Figured you'd want to write a letter personally . Jeff
Thanks for the info . No issues at my end . Best , Jeff
See SB 85 , below . Best , Jeff
Thanks very much . Greatly appreciated . In response: --I'm going to stick with 7 units . Just don't have the time to take on another course . But appreciate the info and the suggestion . --I have a backup for Deals . Thanks again so much for the info . Best , Jeff
"Democratic leaders may bounce a Kern County lawmaker off a special committee considering a $2.9 billion rescue plan for financially ailing Southern California Edison Co . because he says he probably will vote against the plan . Assemblyman Dean Florez , D-Shafter , said he will resist any move to replace him with another Democrat pledged to vote for the plan." ( Bakersfield Californian 8-29-01) .
Hey . Work prevented me from going to class at all last nite . Does the course seem like it will be good ? Were there a million people there ? Chances are very low that I'll get in , but I'm gonna try anyway . I'm on vacation next week ( yeah) , but maybe we can catch during the break on the following Tuesday or Wednesday . Good to see you the other night . Take care . Best , Jeff
I absolutely could not BELIEVE that he sent this note . Unreal .
I'm signed up . Work kept me away . What happened . Do I need to be doing anything ? Best , Jeff
Yes . Likely not 100% of what you're looking for , but likely some info that will be useful . Best , Jeff
Yes , would like a copy . Thanks .
Please update with other info . Jim
The Assembly will attempt to pass its version of the Edison MOU ( SB 78 ) out of the Appropriations Committee today . If and when that occurs , the Assembly will also attempt to get the bill passed out of the full Assembly today . It will be a very long putt to get both accomplished today . If and when the Assembly gets the bill out of the Assembly today , the bill will move over to the Senate , where the chances of passage are even more remote . That said , Davis is making a full court press to get the bill passed out of both houses for his signature . Will report back with the events of the Assembly . Don't hesitate to call if you have any questions ( 415.782.7822) . Best , Jeff
will do . traffic permitting , around 7 ?
Don't know . I'll find out . Any sensitivity if we had ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
Thanks , Scott . Though the chances of re-kindling a bi-partisan , centrist deal among Rs , Ds and Davis are extremely small . Richmond ( Republican leading Assembly efforts ) has agreed to stay in touch with Bev over the weekend in the very unlikely event that something rekindles between Rs and Ds . In the meantime , with Davis and the Assembly Ds drifting back to the left , we'll need to redouble our own efforts to make sure we don't lose the ground we've gained . Scott , are they meeting again on Monday , or Tuesday ? Best , Jeff
Thank god . I have a commrade in email humilation . Thank you , Joseph . Best , Jeff
We'll review and let you know . Thanks and have a good weekend . Best , Jeff
vacation all week .
will do . i'll check my calendar and get right back to you .
I may have school . If you could plan for it , I would be greatly indebted .
Thanks . Sounds alot better than #17 .
I'm in . Thanks .
On Friday , the Assembly failed to get its version of the Edison MOU out of the appropriations committee . The bill must pass out of that committee before it can go to the full Assembly for passage . Negotiations continue among Assembly Democrats about what the final bill should look like . The Assembly will try again to pass the bill out of the Assembly on Tuesday . In response to the California PUC proposed order , which would retroactively end Direct Access on July 1 , the Assembly amended its bill on Friday to include its own "date certain" for the temporary suspension of Direct Access . The Assembly bill would now suspend Direct Access beginning August 25 . We are working with others to get the date of suspension changed to either 1 ) the date the bill is signed or 2 ) September 1 . We will provide additional information on Tuesday about the bill's status and our progress in changing the suspension date . Best , Jeff
I'm in Gloucester , Mass for the week . My pager and cell phone work and I can be reached if needed at 978.281.1658 . Happy Labor Day . Best , Jeff
This story reflects fairly well the debate underway regarding the DA suspension date . The Treasurer , Angelides , is taking a hard line . We are working with others to get the date pushed back . California PUC staff has started calling around trying to estimate how many customers have very recently switched or are trying to . They have made inquiries to our customers , including UC/CSU . Best , Jeff State fights 6,000 firms' energy deals Discount power contracts deemed unfair to consumers Bernadette Tansey , Chronicle Staff Writer Sunday , September 2 , 2001 ? 2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: Thousands of California businesses may reap cost breaks on electricity while other utility customers live with record rate hikes if the state lets stand a spurt of last-minute contracts with private power suppliers . More than 6,000 firms , including big retail chains and industrial plants , signed discounted power contracts in July and August as market prices dropped . State officials are incensed , saying the private "direct access" contracts with electricity providers could shift the burden for millions of dollars in state power purchases onto households and small businesses . State Treasurer Phil Angelides said the same companies that benefited as the state depleted its budget surplus to keep the lights on now want to escape paying their share of the billions spent to ensure power supplies for California . "I think it's wrong and it's immoral," Angelides said . State officials argue that the summer contracts can still be canceled retroactively because California businesses were on notice that their option to shop around for better deals on electricity was about to be suspended by the state Public Utilities Commission . The PUC is set to consider the retroactive ban Thursday . But energy firms say the summer deals were perfectly legal because the PUC had not yet taken action and made a series of draft decisions that put off the effective date of the direct access ban until as late as yesterday . "The drafts were not consistent," said Tracy Fairchild , a spokeswoman for Alliance for Retail Energy Markets , a consortium of generators and energy suppliers . "Which one were we supposed to take seriously?" The energy trade group is threatening to sue to protect the summer contracts . Angelides fears that a prolonged court fight could block a $12.5 billion state bond sale to reimburse the treasury for California's emergency power purchases . The burgeoning conflict is part of a continuing fight by energy firms and some of their business customers to preserve direct access -- a core provision of the state's 1996 deregulation law . Deregulation supporters predicted energy consumers would enjoy lower prices if private generators were allowed to compete with the utilities as power suppliers . But the direct access program was thrown into disarray last year when wholesale electricity prices skyrocketed and the state stepped in to buy power . To make sure the state's outlay would be paid back by all ratepayers , the Legislature in January directed the PUC to suspend direct access . By that time , most direct access customers were fleeing back to the utilities to benefit from a rate cap that protected them from the soaring market power prices . The PUC postponed action on the direct access ban while some legislators were sponsoring bills that would have allowed the program to continue under certain conditions . But by July , market prices had come down , and energy providers like Enron Energy Services , AES New Energy and Strategic Energy were again offering direct access contracts . Businesses were looking for relief from the record rate hikes imposed on utility customers in June , said Phoenix energy consultant Gina Coleman . Coleman said she helped five retail chains with "a significant number" of stores in California negotiate contracts with Strategic Energy this summer . "Business is business , and if you can get a better price for something , you should," said Coleman , who declined to name her clients . She said the lower costs will help the stores keep doing business in California and hold their prices down . Daniel Douglass , an attorney for the Alliance for Retail Energy Markets , said any attempt by the state to cancel contracts retroactively would violate the constitutional law . He said energy firms have purchased power to serve their customers under the contracts and would suffer losses if they were canceled . Angelides said the same firms that ran to the state for protection when their market contracts became too expensive now want to take advantage of lower power prices he attributes to the stabilizing effect of the state's long- term power contracts . "You can't take advantage of the state's stabilizing the rates , then say , 'Thank you very much,' and stick everyone else with the bill," Angelides said . State officials have not tallied the total number of customers who signed up in July and August , nor have they estimated the revenue loss that would have to be covered by remaining utility ratepayers . Figures compiled by the PUC show that commercial and industrial firms signed more than 6,000 new direct access contracts in July alone . A rough calculation suggests that , as a result , the firms might contribute as much as $64 million less annually to the repayment of state costs . The loss might not be significant enough to risk a court fight that would delay the bond sale , state officials said . Bu Angelides said the same power firms that helped create the energy crisis by charging exorbitant rates are now threatening a bond issue desperately needed to restore funds needed for education , health care and children's services . "What they're talking about doing," he said , "is holding us hostage until they get what they want." E-mail Bernadette Tansey at btansey@sfchronicle.com .  ? 2001 San Francisco Chronicle Page A - 21
Thanks . I'm in Goucester Mass this week but am getting the message to folks from here . You launching on the contracts ? Best , Jeff
Since the bills that passed are all Burton/Senate bills , it may be the case that a deal has been cut at the leadership level involving 78 and the other energy-related bills ( SB 18 in particular) . Scott , Hedy , Bev---Can you do a bit of checking to see if this is the case ? Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
FYI . Update on windfall profits bills .
Barry: Good to meet you last week . I'm out of the office until Monday , but will get on this as soon as I return . Of this group , Dynegy is involved in the State Senate's investigation . Best , Jeff
Thanks . Love to catch up on Tuesday when I get back , if that works for you . Best , Jeff
Ditto .
FYI .
I've mentioned both Becky and Leslie to Barry .
Oh boy .
No Steffes ? Talk to you at 1 . Best , Jeff
I think ours has bigger issues associated with it.. .
Bet Mike ain't thrilled about not being the firm to draft this...How's it look thus far ?
Greetings . E296-1 is not showing up in my account . Best , Jeff
Please disregard last note . 296 is in my account . Best , Jeff
So I'm assuming 1 ) SB 78 did NOT get out of the Assembly yesterday and 2 ) Bowen's DA bill did NOT get out of Senate yesterday . Is that right ? Best ,
Hey , man , how'd the dinner go ? You get everything squared away with the Legislator ? Best , Jeff
Greetings . You taking the course ? It looks very good to me and I've added it . If you're taking it , could you let me know what the assignment is for Tuesday ? I'm on vacation , and the course hasn't yet been added to my Izio account . Best , Jeff
FYI . Indicates where CMTA is on key bills working their way through California's wacked out Legislature . Best , Jeff
I'm in . thanks so much . Best , Jeff
I'm in . Thanks . Best , Jeff
FYI .
I'm starting to get concerned about this . A ) I didn't pick the time . B ) I talked to Sue on Friday and she will be out of Church at 10 AM PDT and on the call shortly thereafter . Sue seemed more concerned about having a call at all then on the time . If she expressed a view that the time was set up so that she couldn't be on the call , I'd like to discuss , since that didn't factor in at all . As you know , having gone through Sandi , I'm extremely sensitive to inter-group relations . If you feel there are issues that we should discuss , I'd really like to do it . I react very strongly to any view that I am intentionally doing anything to get in Sue's---or others---way . From my perspective , I feel strongly that I haven't behaved that way , and don't in any way intend to . I simply have no desire to "compete" with colleagues , Sue in particular . There aren't enough people to do all the work , and there's plenty of tasks , recognition , blame , etc . to go around . These are extremely challenging times and we won't get anywhere unless it's truly a team effort . I know that the SF office has a history of challenges with respect to California leadership . I have no interest in returning to the very un-teamlike atmosphere that existed previously , particularly since the atmosphere has changed so positively in the past few months . For a variety of reasons , I have been asked to take on alot of tasks over the past year . I've tried very hard to perform well , while at the same time working hard with Paul and Sue to advance a significantly more healthy , inclusive , open and collegial working environment in California and the West . I care alot of course about your perceptions , and if you have the preception that relations in the office is becoming an issue , I'd like to confront it head on . And if Sue is expressing any concerns about how things are going generally---which she expresses to me from time to time---I'd like to sit down with you and Sue to discuss , if you think that would be useful . Forgive the lengthy note , but having just gotten through the experience with Sandi , I'm not anxious to repeat , in any shape or form . Talk to you at noon your time . Best , Jeff
Greetings Eldon and Nancy: Here are the picks . Hope you're well . Gloucester's been great . Incredible weather; New England charm; LOTS of lobster; lots of golf . We get back into town around 7 tonite . Talk to you soon . Best , Jeff
I owe ya . Thanks a million . See you tomorrow nite . Best , Jeff
We should determine whether we want to voice an opinion on this . Seems there would be two issues that might concern us: 1 ) bankruptcy and 2 ) effect on our book . Might be useful to discuss briefly; perhaps first thing tomorrow morning . Thoughts ? Best , Jeff
I'm hearing that it may be as early as today or tomorrow . Best , Jeff
Thank you .
I agree . Sue , I'm willing to join Mike in a meeting with Bilas . Mike , can you set up a meeting for Wednesday morning ? Sue: Can you meet with Brown/Gamson ? Others have thoughts about these meetings ? PS Boeing's lobbyist told Katz today ( Davis' point person on 78)that the date must be September 1 , period . Katz told the Boeing lobbyist that the August 25th date is there to "screw Enron." Hedy has confirmed that Raytheon is also working the date issue . Best , Jeff
We are OUT of the pool . I want my money back . Prentice , please get your stuff out of my apartment . You can have the cats . Love , Jeff Thanks for helping , Nancy . So what place are we in ?
FYI: To update what we've learned today regarding possibility of Senate going forward on Wed . with contempt . At this point , appears they intend to go forward . Best , Jeff
See email . Call w/Sanders et al @ 5PM CDT to update contempt action . Best , Jeff
See my and Sue's email .
>FYI . Please keep confidential . John White's trying to go after the contracts . Hap Boyd , who's on his Board , is opposing John's action and asking him not to go forward . Too bad . He was ready to launch . Not sure what Hap's sensitivities are . John's asked me not to intervene at this point . Best ,
What do you think ?
Tee hee ( ki barber )
Seriously ? ( I'd be happy to. )
The Senate Rules Committee just met . During the hearing , Senate Leader John Burton stated that: the Senate intends to rewrite the version of the MOU that the Assembly approved last Thursday night and sent over to the Senate for final approval ( SB78) . the version of the MOU that will emerge from the Senate sometime this week will look much more like the bill that originally passed out of the Senate prior to the July summer recess . That bill was unacceptable to Edison and Davis , which led to the version that the Assembly developed and approved last Thursday night . If the Senate proceeds as Burton suggests , the chances are very low that an MOU will make it through the Legislature and get Davis' signature . Burton generally sticks to his word . But there is still time for additional negotiations and SB78 could squeak by . However , Burton's comments in the Rules Committee certainly don't help 78's chances for survival . Finally , the Assembly is currently debating the last surviving windfall profits bill , and the bill is having a hard time getting the votes necessary for passage . More information on the windfall profits bill as we get it . Best , Jeff
Hear you're in London . Hope you're OK . Unfathomable tragedy . We're going to hold our 11:30 call in an attempt to maintain a sense of normalcy . Call will be brief . With respect to Hap , John's asked me to hold off talking to him until John signals . I agreed . I'll keep you posted . The State Capitol is closed down completely today . Be safe . Best , Jeff
We continue to attempt to kill the hearing altogether . Will advise with info as it happens . Best , Jeff
FYI . Please keep to yourself at this point . You hear anything from Norm about the PUC machinations ?
how we doing on the one-pager ?
FYI .
Thanks very much for dinner , the guacamole and the company . I left you a check for the truck window work on the kitchen counter . ( That was the best dinner I've ever had in my entire life ! kidding ! : ) )  Hope that you're not getting beat up by your bomb-throwing colleagues . Best , Jeff
Thanks very much again for getting the truck window fixed . I left a check on the kitchen counter . Best , Jeff
FYI . Unless I hear from you , I'm telling Hap that it's fine . Best , Jeff
Hap: I've been in a panic . I will review shortly and get back to you just as soon as I can . Best , Jeff
In addition , though we are still attempting to confirm , it appears that no windfall profits tax bills will make it through the Legislature . Will report back as soon as we know one way or the other . Best , Jeff
You getting these ? You care ?
Hap: Let's discuss further , but my reaction is that , while we don't need to--and shouldn't--actively and openly support John's letter , I don't believe that we should do anything to oppose , or prevent , John from releasing it . Do you have particular concerns ? I'll call you to discuss further . Best , Jeff
This work for you ? Lemme know . Best , Jeff
no need for invoice . Thanks again for taking care of it . Best , Jeff
Happy to help . All the best . Jeff
Great . I'll be there . Stop by , or call me at 415.505.6633 , or 916.448.8240 . Best , Jeff
FYI .
let me no how dunn call goes . 415.505.6633 . jeff
Burbank's the ticket . Can you get there direct ? If not , let's do LAX , but Burbank is preferrable . Less of a zoo . Best , Jeff
I think it would be great for us to have one . Man , it's tough using that thing . You gals sounded great from Prentice's bedroom when you were doing the final cuts . Are we getting a copy ? Might be nice to have a copy of the "raw" tape . Best , Jeff
DWR filed comments with the California PUC today urging the Commission to adopt a July 1 suspension date . In addition , DWR takes the position that , if the Commission does not enact a July 1 retroactive suspension date , the Commission should require that all customers who went DA after July 1 pay a proportionate share of the bonds and DWR going-forward contracts . Customers and providers will strongly oppose DWR's proposal at the PUC . Best , Jeff
FYI .
Yesterday , we reached agreement with the Senate regarding the terms and conditions under which the company would provide information to Senator Dunn's committee investigating wholesale price spikes . In return , Dunn agreed to have is committee formally withdraw all contempt actions against Enron . This morning , Dunn convened his committee and the committee formally withdrew the contempt actions . A story related to the deal is attached . If you have any questions , just let me know . Best , Jeff
I think Sanders has always thought that the Reliant deal offers sufficient protections . Not sure that Kirby and Gibb agree . We'll have to wait and see . Best , Jeff
thank you .
Hope you're well . best , Jeff
Jeff Dasovich Enron Corp 101 California Street , Suite 1950 San Francisco , CA 94111
Here is a brief summary of the latest DA proposal floating around the Senate . The provisions could--and likely will--change . The leader of the Senate ( Burton ) is still expressing opposition to DA , so its fate remains unclear . No suspension of DA . All customers must pay Edison undercollection , whether they've been DA or not . Customers going DA must first clear any payables to DWR for power previously consumed but not full paid for . Customers going DA must pay for DWR's stranded power costs caused by the customer leaving , UNLESS DWR has a net short position , in which case there would be no stranded costs and therefore no fees . The bill allows customers to file a complaint with the PUC regarding DWR's claims of stranded costs . Customers who choose green DA power ( defined as 80% renewable ) will be exempt from stranded cost fees so long as green DA load does not exceed DWR's net short position .
This is the last straw: Peace just called to thank us for resolving the contempt issue . He then went on ad nauseum--and I mean nauseum--about just about everything in the world . Unreal . I told him that in exchange , we expected him to get rid of Bill Lockyear . Richard: He complained a little about Kirby . I told him Kirby was worth his weight in gold . Best , Jeff
Immediately ?
Thank you .
Kean , Kirby , Gibb , me . Lots of fun . Not . Best , Jeff
My lapton is not working so I do not have access to my usual mail lists . Apologies . About 1 AM this morning , Burton closed down the Senate without voting out the Edison MOU . Burton said there weren't the votes for it ( which is true; there were about 6 votes for the MOU in the Senate) , and he didn't want to "embarrass" Davis . Burton said that there weren't the votes because the vote was a giveaway to big business , a corporate bailout , and a bad deal for consumers . Davis responded by saying 1 ) the Assembly did a good job , 2 ) the Senate failed to do its job and 3 ) Davis would call a special session to start all over again and try to get an MOU . The special session would begin in about 2 weeks . Davis said that Edison promised him they wouldn't take themselves into voluntary bankruptcy in the interim . A press account and Davis' statement are attached . Best , Jeff GOVERNOR DAVIS COMMENTS ON FAILURE OF SENATE TO APPROVE EDISON LEGISLATION Will Call 3rd Special Session to Keep Edison from Bankruptcy Governor Gray Davis made the following comments after legislation designed to restore Southern California Edison to creditworthiness failed to win approval in the California State Senate . "I am proud of the work done by the Assembly to get the State out of the business of buying electricity by restoring Edison to creditworthiness . Unfortunately , however , the Senate has not gotten the job done . "It is critical to keep Edison solvent so that we do not lose 3,000 Megawatts of power from renewable energy and small power producers . We worked hard to bring this energy , which was crucial in avoiding blackouts , back on-line earlier this summer . "I will call a Third Extraordinary Session , which will begin in approximately two weeks , so that Edison can avoid bankruptcy . Edison has assured me that it will not seek bankruptcy and that it believes that its creditors will continue to show restraint." California Senate adjourns without voting on plan to save struggling utility JENNIFER KERR , Associated Press Writer Saturday , September 15 , 2001 ? 2001 Associated Press URL: The state Senate adjourned early Saturday without voting on a plan to rescue Southern California Edison from bankruptcy , and Gov . Gray Davis called an emergency legislative session for next month to try again to help the struggling utility . As the California Legislature rushed to pass hundreds of bills and finish the 2001 session , a $200 million program to help the state's neediest schools won approval . So did bills to give driver's licenses to immigrants seeking citizenship and improve working conditions for shepherds . But senators remained cool to Davis' idea of bailing out Southern California Edison . They failed to vote on the measure after it was approved last week by the Assembly , which also adjourned early Saturday . "We didn't take it up because we didn't want to embarrass the governor," said President Pro Tem John Burton . "It would have been a rip-off of residential people to help big business and bail out a corporation." The deal's quiet death closed more than five months of work since Davis first announced the plan in April , saying the state would pay $2.76 billion for Edison's transmission system and let the utility sell consumer-backed bonds to repay the rest of its $3.9 billion debt . Without the deal , Edison faces bankruptcy along with Pacific Gas and Electric Co. , the state's largest utility . The company filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in April , after amassing about $8.9 billion in debt due to last year's sky-high electricity costs . Edison says it has accrued $3.9 billion in debts . The special session is meant to take another shot at saving Edison from sliding into bankruptcy . "I am proud of the work done by the Assembly to get the state out of the business of buying electricity by restoring Edison to creditworthiness," Davis in a statement after midnight Saturday . "Unfortunately , however , the Senate has not gotten the job done." The new school-improvement program would provide grants of $400 per student to schools with the state's lowest test scores . They will have nearly four years to improve scores or face sanctions as severe as closing the school . The shepherd bill would give people who watch sheep some of the basic working conditions that other workers have in state law . Those include a 10-minute rest break for every four hours of work , tools paid for by the employer and toilets , lights and water in housing . It also would put into state law a $1,050-a-month minimum wage for sheepherders . While legislators toiled , Tuesday's terrorist attacks were never far from their minds . Davis joined the Assembly for a brief memorial service that included a procession of lawmakers handing in letters they had written expressing their feeling about the attacks . The Legislature approved sending $1 million from the California Victim Compensation fund to a similar program in New York to help victims of the terrorist attacks . The letters will be printed in a special Assembly Journal . "Here in California , our job is to keep the peace and preach tolerance," said Davis . ? 2001 Associated Press
Unless there's an issue , I'll call Fielder first thing this morning . I'm not seeing any upside to us rattling any sabers regarding bankruptcy , however . We'd likely take a very significant reputational and political hit by taking them in---or suggesting that we would take them in , for that matter . Reliant and Mirant have been rattling theirs for a very long time---with no concrete action to back them up . They would of course love to have Enron "lead the charge." I would recommend that we not play that card right now and let Reliant and Mirant go forward if they choose . Best , Jeff
Dear folks: Hope all finds you well , given the circumstances . I would very much like to go , but I continue to be embroiled in the energy mess and school has started ( last year!) . Turns out I'm going to have to be in Southern California that Friday and part of Saturday for work . I'm going to have to cancel . If there are any charges , please let me know . Hope to see all of you very soon . Be safe . Best , Jeff
Jim: FYI .
No , I don't think so . Haley and Wil's vocabularies may expanded a bit , though . Thanks again for having them . Very kind of you . Best , Jeff PS You guys get all the cards .
I actually did get them , it appear . Apologies .
Sweetheart , very sorry to hear . You're in my thoughts and prayers and I hope you're doing OK . Sometimes , things just aren't very fair . Best , Jeff
You ain't kidding . Hope you and yours are OK , given the circumstances . All the best . Jeff
Thanks for the invite , but I have class . She have a job yet ?
I have class on Tuesday and Wednesday .
Thanks .
There was a discussion on this morning's call regarding the status of PUC actions regarding DA suspension . We requested a legal opinion from out outside regulatory counsel . It is attached . If you have any questions , please don't hesitate to contact Sue Mara ( 415.782.7802 ) or me ( 415.782.7822) . Best , Jeff
You take care . If for whatever reason , there's anything I can do , please just ask . Best , Jeff
Here's the proposal: There is NO reason for the PUC to suspend DA since 1 ) 18XX passed--therefore the bonds are taken care of; all Davis has to do is sign the bill , 2 ) Angelides has said that money's not an issue , at least for the next several months , and 3 ) the Senate passed a resolution on Friday night stating that there is no reason to continue the "state of emergency" put in place by Davis on Jan . 17 and that the state of emergency should therefore end . The PUC should therefore keep DA intact and begin putting the ratemaking in place to enable DA , while achieving other important objectives ( e.g. , no cost-shifting , make sure bonds get serviced , etc. ) If , however , the PUC rejects this rational , sensible proposal and decides to suspend DA , then that date must not be any earlier than Sept . 20th; and if it is , we will sue . Thoughts ? Best , Jeff
Just talked to Fielder . U have 5 minutes to debrief ? Sending this to Kean/Shapiro/Steffes . Jeff
Gee , now that's a "rib"-tickler .
Here is some additional information since the circus closed down in Sacramento on Saturday morning . The Senate adjourned early Saturday morning , closing out both the regular session and the second extraordinary session . The Assembly adjourned a few hours later , closing the regular session , but NOT the second extraordinary session . The Legislature's options: 1 ) The Governor calls them back in two weeks , they continue with the second extraordinary session , and pick up where they left off with the bills they were working on up till Saturday morning . 2 ) The Governor calls them back in two weeks , the Assembly ends the second extraordinary session , they begin a third extraordinary session , and the bills that were left hanging on Saturday morning must start the process from scratch . However , they can pass a "waiver," which effectively would allow them to start a 3rd session AND then pick up where they left off on Saturday morning . 3 ) The Governor calls them back in two weeks and the Legislature meets briefly and shuts down without doing anything , i.e. , the Govenor can call them back , but he can't make them vote . In short , the Legislature has a significant amount of discretion to do what they please . Where to from here ? Through its actions on Saturday morning , the Senate has sent a strong signal to Davis that the Senate is not inclined to vote out an Edison bailout that differs from the version it passed prior to leaving for summer recess last July . Just before closing down on Saturday , the Senate also passed a resolution declaring that "...the condition of electric service in California no longer consitutes a 'sudden and severe energy shortage'" and "...that the state of emergency proclaimed by the Governor on January 17 , 2001 , is at and end." The resolution seems to send an additional signal that the Senate does not see any great need to bail out Edison . The Assembly did not pass the resolution , however . Given the Senate's view , and the open hositility between Davis and Burton , Davis' only remaining option seems to be to threaten the Senate with vetoes unless the Senate first passes the Davis' Edison bill . It is unclear at this time whether Davis would play it that tough . With the Legislature gone , the action turns to the PUC , where a vote on DA suspension is scheduled for Thursday . We are working with customers and providers to stop DA from being suspended , or at a minimum , to ensure that any suspension date is not retroactive . Finally , Burton held a news conference this morning at which he said: Burton and Senator Bowen ( Bowen's been taking the lead on DA in the Senate ) will ask the California PUC to do a study on how DA can be retained without "adversely affecting homeowners and small businesses." He doesn't know why "the Governor would waste taxpayers' money to hold a special session." With all the troubled businesses in California right now , he doesn't know why the State would bail Edison out and not the others . If all this sounds ridiculous , it is . We'll report back with additional information as we get it . Best , Jeff
Called Fielder to confirm and he said that he needed to cancel . As you know , the Legislature closed without doing anything with Edison's bailout legislation . The Governor has said that the will order them back into session in two weeks . That has Fielder and everyone else at Edison scrambling to continue their attempts to stay out of bankruptcy , which means that Fielder won't be focused , and can't focus on , anything else for the next couple of weeks . Let's regroup . Dave , perhaps we should just go ahead and start with PG&E . Thoughts ? Best , Jeff
Sounds good . How about first thing tomorrow morning for a call ?
Religion , huh ? Interesting . Your folks may disown you , though . I don't know how you could think that cooking would be more fun than bond finance--you crazy ? The Pilot: I need to know exactly what the pilot is and with whom your doing it . Yes , I need the champion's name , and fast . The meetings will work , but I forgot , what week ? Next week or week after ? ( May want to wait until plane service gets normal? ) Have fun in SC--why don't you guys live there ? Not a bad commute for you; Scott can surf; we can come down and play bluegrass ! Sell the flat , dammit . Kisses , Jeff PS Colleen doing OK ? I can come by after class on Wednesday--class is at Boalt , so we get out at 8:30 , you know what slackers law students are... .
FYI .
Thank you .
Left him a message earlier . Haven't heard back yet . I'll call him again first thing in the AM . He's probably busy getting his number changed . Best , Jeff
Greetings . I can't recall if I received the contact ? If so , I apologize for misplacing it . Could you send it again ? Much appreciated ? Best , Jeff
Greetings: 1 ) I haven't forgot about Baldwin , but it seems that things have changed for him ( and his company?) . His long-standing number know longer works and there's no forwarding number . I'm trying to track him down . 2 ) What time's your weekly meeting on Thursday , and is there a call-in number ? Best , Jeff
Thanks very much .
Not sure . Am checking around . Will let you know when I find out . Best , Jeff
Assuming you've seen this . But just in case , here it is . Fairly interesting . Best , Jeff
Call when you can . Best , Jeff
Greetings , Jim . Just checking in . Hope , given the circumstances that all finds you well . Look forward to hearing from you . Best , Jeff
Got your message . Which bill ? Could you try Scott Govenar ( 916.448.8240) , since he's the lord of all bill activity ? Thanks a bunch . Best , Jeff
Greetings . Hope , given the circumstances , that you're well . I'm trying to get a hold of Mark Baldwin , and the number I have gets a recording saying that it ain't the number anymore . Do you have a number for him . Greatly appreciated . Best , Jeff
OK , I'm getting the meetings set up . What day do you want ? And what about the pilot--need info , over . And who's you're knight in shining armor in EES ? Best , Jeff
Thanks .
Greetings . Steve Harris says that you might have a number for Mark Baldwin . Possible to get it from you . Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
Thanks . Did he change companies , or just phone numbers ? Best , Jeff
Got Mark's number . I'm going to call him today . Any specific info you'd like to have , or just generally what he and DWR are up to on the gas side . I also assume that we'd like to meet with him to discuss possible opportunities ? Best , Jeff
thanks .
Let me see what I can do . So this is all about sourcing , or are you aiming higher ?
Uggh . I think I'm at Stanford that evening .
Sweetie , what happened ? How'd you hurt your back ? So sorry . And SO sorry that this isn't working out for anyone . I really wanted to see you guys and REALLY wanted to ride . Another day , I guess . Take care of that back . Herniated disks are bad , so take care . Best , Jeff
You mean Bob Lane ?
I'll get it . He's in Boston now .
Dude: I need your phone number , pronto !
Bob's number is: 617.567.8877 . It's his home number . Feel free to call him there . Best , Jeff
We're ready when u are . best , jeff
Here's a start . Be happy to add . Just let me know . Best , Jeff Paul Clanon--Chief , Energy Division General Counsel ( don't know name ) CEC-- Chairman of Commission Chief of power plant siting department Person in charge of "green marketing" ( Stacey Bolton will know who the person is ) Dan Kirshner , EDF , Oakland V . John White , Sierra Club , Sacramento Consumer reps--Mike Florio , TURN , SF Michael Shames , UCAN , San Diego
Bob's home number might be 617.567.8871 ( rather than 8877) . His cell phone is 415.713.4473 . Best , Jeff
Going down to Fielder's for a bar-b-que tonite , watch a little TV and get this thing settled . Seriously , he and I have traded messages today . When we hook up , I'm going to ask him when we can meet and get this settled . I'll let you know what he says as soon as I hear back . Best , Jeff
Left a message for Mark . He's out today and will call me back tomorrow . Best , Jeff
Talked to Fielder . He's willing to meet . Jeff
No problem . If you need anything else , just let me know .
Thanks . Look forward to talking soon . Don't work too hard . Best , Jeff
Thanks . See you tomorrow night in the tah moh .
Fielder agreed to sit down and talk as soon as we'd like . He said that his "legal and tariff guys" told him that "they're on solid ground"; but John admitted that doesn't mean that Edison "is right." I told him that his lawyers and tariff people may think they're on solid ground with the PUC , but that in no way means that an appellate or ( "god forbid ) bankruptcy judge will concur with either Edison or the PUC . I stressed that we weren't interested in meeting to re-hash our respective positions and that we wanted a meeting where we and they come to the table with constructive , good faith options to resolve the issue . He said that he'd be willing to do that ( though most deeply discount anything Edison says these days) . He suggested that we start without lawyers . I said that we could do that , but that I'd have to check . I told him that we'd try to get back to him sometime today regarding what we'd like to do . Possible to discuss briefly ? Best , Jeff
Thanks , Jeff . Ross , when you get a chance , give me a call at 415.782.7822 . Best , Jeff
Send what ? Nothing was attached .
Jeff: Ross is out for the week . Is there someone who Ross works for that I could contact ? Thanks much . Best , Jeff
That ain't gonna do it , in my view . We're going to need to be creative . Figure what number we'll take and how we'll take it and get out . Note that Edison is going to be very wary of showing any "preferential treatment," lest another creditor get wind of it and yank them in on an involuntary . I'm going to call Tribolet and get his thoughts . I'll let you know what he says . Best , Jeff
Greetings . We ever hear back from Richard regarding whether we agreed to any time frame for delivering documents ? Best , Jeff PS Remind me to thank Forbes for that great article ( not) .
We better get tickets now ?
Dude: Please let me know all the various costs that you've incurred on our behalf and not been compensated for . I know we owe you $65(? ) dollars for the guitar . Is there anything else ? Let's play soon . Best , Jeff
Thanks . Is it safe to say , from you notes , that DealBench is "winding down?" Best , Jeff
Yes . But I'm not sure what it is .
Any time . Just call .
sigh... .
I just talked to Kip Lipper--works for Byron Sher , but Burton relies on him alot . He's drafting the letter that Burton will send to Loretta re: what to do about DA . I've given Kip the quotes from Angelides re: State's fiscal position will remain STRONG through JULY 2001 irrespective of whether the bonds are issued . Kip was not aware of the quotes and was anxious to get them . I reminded Kip that the only reason anyone's given to suspend DA is the urgent need to issue the bonds , but now , even the Treasurer has admitted that there is no urgency to issue the bonds . I told Kip that the letter to Loretta should say 1 ) there is no longer any need to suspend DA whatsoever , 2 ) the PUC should commence ratemaking proceedings immediately to ensure that there is no cost-shifting to small rez and biz customers as a result of DA and 3 ) the PUC should deliver to the Legislature a study recommending any enhancements , modifications , etc . that should be made to the program to ensure that DA is maintained while ensuring that granny is not harmed . He said he would see what he could do and said that he would likely get back to us . There is a concerted effort underway to get the PUC to reject outright at tomorrow's meeting the rate agreement between DWR and the PUC , and DWR's proposed rev . req . The reason: no urgency anymore . Let's take a little time and get it right . Best , Jeff
If it's possible to talk around 3 pm California time for about 10-15 minutes , that would be great . Would need to get Jim and Rick on the call , too . Don't break your back , but would be very good if we could arrange it . Just let me know . Thanks a million . Best , Jeff
Thank you . I was trying to get the number from Barry .
will do .
Interesting assist from Jones ?
Thanks a bunch .
Thanks . Don't hesitate if there's anything else . We're trying to get Bilas and Duque on board . Best , Jeff
can we make it 6 your time , 4 my time for the call ? jeff
FYI .
thanks so much . please call me at office . best , Jeff
Just found out that the best way to reach Bob Lane is on his cell phone at: 415-713-4473 . Best , Jeff
I'll give you a call . Man , were you all over NPR or what with that Telco story ? Give my best to Tina . Best , Jeff
yes . send through .
FYI .
Attemps are still underway to persuade the California PUC not to suspend DA at today's meeting . However , the best information we have at this time is that the PUC will suspend DA today , but will not suspend DA retroactively . As best we can tell , if the PUC suspends , it will suspend DA effective today , September 20th . In addition , there is a considerable effort underway--from both ends of the spectrum--to persuade the PUC to reject 1 ) the proposed rate agreement between the PUC and DWR and 2 ) the proposed "revenue requirement" that DWR submitted to the PUC . We'll report back with the results of the PUC business meeting as soon as we hear them . Best , Jeff
Greetings Colleen: I'm not sure who's still working on this and who's not , but sometime back , we did a very extensive effort with Tim Hamilton and the rest of the EES team to get all information compiled regarding OFOs behind PG&E and SoCalGas . I'm hoping that that information still exists so we can hopefully avoid recreating the wheel . If , for some reason , the information is lost , the good news is that all OFO tariffs are compiled and easily retrievable on the SoCalGas' and PG&E's websites . Please let me know how else we can help . Best , Jeff
Greetings . Did you folks ever send a letter to the PUC ? If so , is it possible to get a copy ? Best , Jeff
Given that 1 ) the PUC has quite a few important issues on its agenda and 2 ) the PUC meeting will likely coincide with our regularly scheduled meeting time , we'll reschedule our 11:30 AM PDT call to 3 PM PDT for today only . With the Legislature adjourned ( thankfully) , we'll re-assess the need for a twice-weekly call and get back to folks . The potential for a 3rd extraordinary session may affect what we do . If you have any questions , don't hesitate to call . Best , Jeff
You should contact Tim directly . There is a tariff section on each website and a search function using key words . The utilities issue reports on OFO incidents , and Tim should have those as well . Let me know if there's anything we can do . Best , Jeff
FYI . You know if Tim's still at Enron ? I haven't heard from him for quite some time . Best , Jeff
Can you reschedule this to 3 PM our time ? Mucho Appreciado . Best , Jeff
Oh joy .
will do .
code 92105
Talked to Mark . First thing he has to do is convince Davis' lawyers that his companies' client list ( which includes TW ) shouldn't conflict him out of working on DWR gas deals . He should have that figured out by this week--sounds like he may have to make some decisions about his current client list and working for DWR . I told him that we'd like to sit down as soon as possible to discuss opportunities for us to help out DWR with its gas needs . He said that he'd be happy to do that , once he's got all conflict issues worked out with the Governor's office . He's going to get back to me to set up a meeting; and if I don't hear from him by Monday/Tuesday of next week , I'll call him back to set up a meeting . I'm assuming that you'd be part of that meeting ? I asked him what sort of deals they're working on . As you likely know , some of the contracts permit DWR to either 1 ) provide gas to the plant providing DWR power under the power contract or 2 ) manage the plant's fuel supply . So they're looking to get "soup-to-nuts" supply service for those contracts that include a fuel-supply option . Best , Jeff
u wanna go ?
Thanks . We do not have internet access here . Would you please see if they post a more detailed version of the proposal , and , if so , distribute . Thanks . ( This is going to blow the roof off in California. ) Best , Jeff
FYI . This is likely to create a considerable stir in California . Let the games begin.. . Best , Jeff
FYI
Sounds good . Best , Jeff
Thanks alot . Best , Jeff
Getting alot of inquiries . The PUC has not yet voted on suspension of DA or related matters . Likely to get to those items on the agenda within the next 30-60 minutes . Looks as if the decision will 1 ) suspend DA beginning Sept . 20th and 2 ) include contract renewal in the suspension . In addition , it appears that the proposal would give the Commission some latitude to enact retroactivity back to July 1 if deemed necessary ( this is unclear and we're trying to get more details on this provision) . Three key senators have sent a a letter to the PUC asking the PUC to provide recommendations to the Legislature on the conditions under which DA should be re-instated ( since the letter is dated September 18th--though sent only yesterday--it appears that the Senate had an idea that the PUC was going to suspend) . KEEP IN MIND THAT THE DECISION HAS NOT BEEN VOTED ON YET AND THE PROVISIONS LISTED ABOVE MAY CHANGE . We'll report back as soon as something happens . For folks who want to listen in , the number is: Best , Jeff
I got the "joke."
Is there an attachment ?
You interested in these messages ?
Wood say issue of contract renewal put off for further examination ? jeff
PLZ CALL . DIDN'T GET WHETHER RENEWAL IS COVERED OR NOT . JEFF 415.505.6633 .
voted out date of 9.20.01 . trying to determine ability to go back to july 1 and whether renewal is clearly covered . jeff
Will let you know as soon as we get it figured out . Best , Jeff
The commission suspended Direct Access effective September 20th . The decision orders the utilities to stop accepting DASRs for contracts executed after 9.20.01 . But astonishingly , the language in the proposed decision states that the Commission will take more time to consider whether the effective date should be pushed back to July 1 . In short , that battle continues . How the Commission will proceed in continuing to consider retroactivity is uncertain at this time . The Commission held over until its next meeting the decision regarding the rate agreement between DWR and the PUC . Best , Jeff
Thanks very much . Please thank Mark . Best , Jeff
The Commission also delayed a decision on whether contract renewal will be included under the suspension . Jeff
Dan . You might want to amend . The decision puts everyone on notice that the Commission is going to consider taking it back to July 1---no info on what the decision process would be . Best , Jeff
Please email Joseph Alamo with your fax number if you would like a copy . Best , Jeff
Will get back to you .
I figured that's what happened . Faxing as we speak . Best , Jeff
will do .
you mean to hold it ?
Apologies for missing the call yesterday . As I'm sure you're aware , yesterday the PUC voted to suspend electric direct acces in California . As a result , it was an extremely hectic day . I do intend to make the weekly calls . Best , Jeff
Hey , when do regional directors begin reporting to Steffes ? Any sense of the reasoning behing the org change ?
Thanks for coming over last night . Very fun . Great to see you . Really glad you guys joined in . Best , Jeff
That's exactly right . But I would say that Loretta , not Brown , was the winner , and will continue to be the winner . Best , Jeff PS Can you give a call when you get a minute at 415.782.7822 ? Thanks .
Mike: Does that legislation that passed a couple of years ago(? ) that gives the Governor the power to appoint the PUC president also give the Senate advise and consent rights on the appointment of the president ? I don't recall that it gave the Senate advise and consent rights , but sure would be interesting if it does . Thanks . Best , Jeff
An SVP from Edison just informed us that Edison will be sending out by email information on DASR acceptance/rejection . He said that all DASRs submitted prior to midnight on 9.20.01 will be accepted , irrespective of whether Edison subsequently rejected them for inadequate information , adminstrative or other reasons . He said that they will also be asking ESPs to provided a list of all contracts executed prior to midnight 9.20.01 and for which DASRs have not yet been submitted . When the DASRs for those contracts are submitted , he said that Edison will accept them , so long as they track the list previously submitted . I asked if Edison would be lobbying to have the Commission issue a subsequent decision clawing the suspension date back to July 1 . He said he didn't believe they intended to do that , but he said that they did intend to lobby the Commission to make sure that newly-minted DA customers don't escape any costs they're responsible for . Please forward this along to anyone else who might need the information . Best , Jeff
Eldon called me this morning informing me that it's their anniversary this weekend . As such , I sort of tossed any other plans out the window and told him that we'd definitely be around . As such , I was wondering if you guys planned to do the same , and if so , ( following up on your note Scott) , it would be totally fucking cool to play golf Sunday morning ( particularly since I have not desire to sit around a and watch football) . You guys up for golf ? You plan on doing the anniversary thing ? Best , Jeff PS Where's my email Ms Perfect ?
The PUC's decision 1 ) suspending DA and 2 ) signaling the PUC's intent to continue to consider nullifying DA contracts signed after July 1 is full of holes . We haven't detected any downside in joining with coalitions , and trying to get other coalitions , to appeal the PUC order . Sue Mara is working with the ARM coalition to appeal yesterday's order and is taking the lead generally on the effort to reverse things . The appeals that we would join , and attempt others to persue on their own , would focus principally on two issues: 1 ) disabusing the PUC of the notion that it has the legal authority to nullify contracts retroactively , and 2 ) lifting the suspension on DA altogether ( let me know if I've missed anything here , Sue) . Please let us know if folks have any concerns that would cause us to reconsider pursuing these challenges . Best , Jeff
Thanks very much .
Being a patent maven and auction babe , thought you might find interest in this . Best , Jeff Enron Accused of Infringing Electronic Trading Patent ( Update2 ) 2001-09-21 16:39 ( New York ) Enron Accused of Infringing Electronic Trading Patent ( Update2 ) ( Adds company comment in seventh paragraph. ) Marshall , Texas , Sept . 21 ( Bloomberg ) -- Enron Corp. , the largest energy trader , and its online unit are accused in a lawsuit of infringing a Texas company's patent for an electronic trading system . Bid/Ask LLC of Baird , Texas , formerly called Auction Source LLC , said it is the sole rights owner of a patent issued in May 2000 for a ``Real-time Network Exchange with Seller Specified Exchange Parameters and Interactive Seller Participation.'' Houston-based Enron and its EnronOnline unit are improperly using that patented technology through its Internet-based electronic trading facility , according to the lawsuit filed Sept . 17 in federal court in Marshall , Texas . Enron trades commodities such as natural gas and electricity on that trading network . Bid/Ask seeks a court order blocking Enron from infringing the patent , and is asking for damages . EnronOnline began trading electricity and natural gas in November 1999 . Between then and the second quarter of 2001 , it's handled more than 1 million transactions valued at more than $685 billion , the company has said . Enron , which also trades space on fiber-optic networks , coal , paper and other commodities , had net income of $979 million on revenue of $100.8 billion in 2000 . ``We have not reviewed the suit , so we can't comment on it,'' said Enron spokesman Vance Meyer . Shares of Enron fell 9 cents to $28.30 today .
Could we get a copy of the letters referenced in the story ? 415.782.7854 .
Thanks alot .
thanks .
Michael Tribolet and I are scheduled to meet with Fielder on Monday , Oct 1 . at 10 AM to test the waters for a possible settlement of our PX credit claim with Edison . If the Governor calls a special session to begin Oct 1 , I'd guess that Edison will try to delay the meeting . Best , Jeff
o lord , there's not some reason that we'll need to go to Napa next weekend that I don't know about , it there ? Just you guys going up to visit , right ?
why did we agree to give Rod Wright $20K ? Hey , we kid ! Where'd we be without our humor ? Have a great weekend; thanks for taking the time to talk today . Best , Jeff PS What was that package again ?
you forgot "he's SO bright." and I forgot "personal friend." thanks for the laugh . by the way , I'll be in houston all next week cozying up to important people|
This won't work . Try again , please . KIDDING ! Looks great . Thanks . I'll forward along to Greg and Brad and get back to you soon as I know something . Toodles , Jeff
Overall looks great , though I made a few edits/comments . But I couldn't figure out how to do it in strikeout/underline . We should make it look as "PG&E-centric" as possible--you know how touchy IOUs are . You and Dave and I should try to discuss in more detail early next week . Best , Jeff
thanks for the tip . maybe i'll run into you on my way to the top... . seriously , have a great weekend . i'll be studying . Best , Jeff
thanks .
FYI . Could be pretty explosive if evidence turns up confirming the market's suspicions . Best , Jeff
FYI .
There's a tourney tomorrow , and those NOT in the tourney can play on a first-come , first-serve basis from noon to 2PM . I say that we get to the club by 11:45 AM . You guys game ?
Sounds good . Just let me know if you'd like to set up the call , or if you'd like me to do it . Best , Jeff
Will do . Jeff
FYI .
FYI . Per my voicemail--response from Jeremy regarding our approach to last week's PUC decision . We'll set up a call for later in the day . Best , Jeff
See list of folks below . I'll forward you another email with the name of Jeremy's asst. , with whom you'll need to coordinate to get a call set up for later today . Thanks very much for your help . From our side , please include Sue and Rick and me . Best , Jeff
Hi Sharon: Our asst . Joseph Alamo ( 415.782.7841 ) will work with you to arrange a call . Thanks to you both for you help . Best , Jeff
Rick: We need to add Janet on the call with Belden and Vicki ? Best , Jeff
Thanks . Good luck . Should be interesting . Best , Jeff
Will do . Won't have it expand beyond that , unless Belden , Vicki or Janet specifically want someone else . Best , Jeff
Centrica's gain . Enron's loss . The very best of luck to you . It certainly has been a pleasure and I hope our paths cross again soon . All the best , Jeff
Thanks .
Thank you . Pretty interesting .
you got it .
Steve: Here's our assessment of Wright's performance in California . On the plus side: He is generally pro-business , and has opposed bills that threaten economic growth , e.g. , he opposed the windfall profits , and related , bills . He sided with the California Assembly Republicans to craft an alternative to the "MOU" for Edison that included direct access as a core feature of any MOU . His decision to work with the Republicans helped move the political "center of gravity"--albeit marginally--more favorably toward direct access in California . On the negative side: In each and every case that Rod has had to make a choice between the market , customers and competition on the one hand , and the utility on the other , he has never waivered in his decision--he always put the utility first . Here are three examples ( and there are more): 1 ) During this extraordinary session , he sponsored a bill that would have explicitly created a "stranded cost charge" for utilities . Yet by most accounts , Californians have already paid off the utilties' stranded costs . How many times must Californians pay ? We worked with consumer and business groups to oppose the bill . 2 ) In the "alternative MOU" that Rod worked on with Republicans , the Replicans told us that Rod insisted on suspending Direct Access until January 1 , 2003--a demand that most believe originated with Edison . 3 ) Rod sponsored a bill two years ago that would prevent any market participant other than the utilities to provide metering and billing services . Today , this issue is less important to us , but it was very important to us at the time , and Rod remained unswervingly in the utilities' camp , despite our efforts . Hope this helps . If you need any other information , just let me know . Best , Jeff
I have one tomorrow ( 09.25.01 ) at 10 AM .
Scott: Here are the foundations that ARM will use in its appeal of the PUC decision suspending DA ( and threats to make it retroactive to July 1) . You should feel free to share with the business folks but under the condition that they keep it confidential . And of course , we'd be thrilled if they'd sign on . If you have any questions , just holler . Best , Jeff The primary reasons cited for why rehearing should be granted are as follows: The Decision violates procedural due process guarantees . The failure to hold hearings violates Public Utilities Code section 1708.5(f) . The Commission's reliance on material outside the record violates due process . The Decision violates the Commerce Clause of the United States Constitution . The threatened retroactivity is contrary to law and in excess of the Commission's authority . The Commission acted contrary to law and in excess of its authority . The Decision's purported findings are not supported . The Commission has impermissibly converted a ratemaking proceeding into a quasi-legislative proceeding .
You have a sense that the Alan departure was coming ? Too bad . Nice , very capable guy . Best , Jeff
For this week , we'd like to cancel both the Tuesday and Thursday calls and instead reschedule to Wednesday at 9 AM PDT ( 11 AM CDT) . We'll try to use the same call-in number . Scott , could you let Ken know of the plan ? Please let me know if this change presents a problem for anyone . Best , Jeff
Oops . Yeah , Aleck . Too bad . Talked to Sue . She's fine with it . Will call Pat shortly .
Here's where I left off: At least 3 things that need to be included: 1 . Port exercises prepay . 2 . ABM sells lease ( capital gains?) . Take a peek and let me know what you think . Kisses , Jeff
2:30-4:00 ( CDT )
Could you please refresh my memory of the other person in the group who's working on California ? Thanks a bunch . Best , Jeff
Thanks . My apologies , Melinda . I will remember . Bear with me . Lots of new names associated with California these days . Best , Jeff
Thanks again for your gracious hospitality over the weekend and a very happy anniversary . Eldon , you were particularly nice to let me win at just about everything we did . How much do I owe you for me and Prentice for the golf ? Best , Jeff
For anyone who hasn't seen it already , attached is an electronic version of California's PUC's decision to suspend DA . Also attached at the end of the order is a very strong dissent signed by Commissioners Bilas and Duque . Best , Jeff
FYI . Sac Bee did a very big story recounting its version of how CA's electric market got upside down . Cites Enron scheduling a large block of power over a "small" tx line as an indicator . Also cites the dinner Davis had with generators leading up to the crisis , where , the paper says , the generators warned him , but Davis took the money and did nothing . Best , Jeff
FYI: On the call today with Jeremy Blachman & Co . today , we decided to the do the following: Sue will make sure that EES legal ( Mike Smith ) reviews ARMs petition to modify the Commission's order suspending DA . Sue will send Jeremy a one-page summary of the petition and Jeremy will use it to solicit participation from Enron customers ( i.e. , see if any are willing to sign the petition) . Jeff will work with Karen Denne to start drafting a couple of one-page letters that customers would sign and send to Legislators in the event Davis is successful in calling them back in October to work on energy matters . Let us know if you have any questions . Best , Jeff
u read it ?
Will do . Ain't got a chance to call him yet , but will do so by COB today . Agree we need to get it nailed down , period .
I was trembling . I mean , it read like a chilling cold-war spy novel . Can barely write . I'm quivering all over... .
FYI .
You're a better consumer advocate than apologist . I'll resend the document first thing in the AM . Best , Jeff
So I'm assuming that you support the plan ? Best , Jeff
That makes at least two of us ! Hope you're doing well . We intend to continue to fight vigorously to re-instate direct access in California . Hope we'll be able to work together to get choice back . Best , Jeff
Mike: 1 ) Attached is the CSFS report on the reorg and some recent press . 2 ) Learning to let go is good thing . Best , Jeff
I've been informed that the CSFB report on PG&E's reorg didn't make it first time round . Trying again . Best , Jeff
Not surprising , but thought you might be interested . I responded that letting go is a good thing . Best , Jeff
Sent you guys a check yesterday for $120 for me and Prentice . Let me know if that covers gold on Saturday . Best , Jeff Go Barry !
The person's name at Calpine is Jim Macias ( he's a vice president there) . His number 408.995.5115 . Thanks again , Marchris . How'd the conversation go ? If there's anything that I can do to help , don't hesitate . Best , Jeff
Anything interesting ( particularly with respect to ISO market manipulation ) come out of yesterday's meeting ? Best , Jeff
Not a problem . Will call in about 30 minutes . Best , Jeff
Dorothy , if you can get it to the DA Coalition that would be great . I'm also sending to Delainey to distribute to the other biz folks . Best , Jeff
Here it is . If you could get it to all the usual suspects , that would be great . Best , Jeff
I'm back from the doctor . I'll just take the time against lunch ( i.e. , I'll work through lunch) , so no need to worry about any time accounting . If there's any issues with that approach , just let me know . Thanks a bunch . Best , Jeff
Talked to Pat Mason . Give a call when you get a chance . Jeff
I thought that you said it was $60/person ?
I'll keep that in mind.. .
Thanks .
Two things: When Aleck said that he was leaving "effective immediately," does that mean one can't use email to send him a note to wish him well ? If that's the case , do we have a forwarding telephone number for him ? Also , just wanted to make sure you're aware that Calger continues to express concerns about us having any fingerprints on any attacks on the contracts . His concerns are two-fold: Generally , he thinks it would be very damaging to our commercial reputation , since many of the folks holding the lousy contracts are folks we regularly transact with . And specifically , we're tied up with Allegheny ( sp?) . I've told him that we don't like the contracts , that we're talking to folks about how bad they are , but we're "staying under radar" and stating publicly that we never support the unilateral abrogation of anyone's contract rights .
Thanks .
Did I tell you that Fawcett left for greener pastures ?
You saw my previous email ?
It appears that Davis has officially called the Legislature back to try to address the Edison issue . Appears they'll reconvene beginning next Tuesday . We'll report back when we get additional information . There are some rumors going around that they might meet and simply appoint a "task force" comprised of legislators to continue working on the issue . Burton is reported to have said that he's telling senators who are on vacation that "this isn't worth cancelling a vacation over." Best , Jeff
Really appreciate it . I'll be up there this weekend . If you , or one of your guys , want to drop by , I think that we could pencil it out in about 30 minutes . Let me know if that works for you . And thanks again . Really appreciate it . Best , Jeff
See story below . State completes history's largest municipal-bond sale California's treasurer executed the largest single sale of municipal bonds in U.S . history Tuesday -- a $5.7 billion offering aimed at covering cash shortages linked to the state's energy crisis . The sale -- coming in an environment of record-low interest rates -- also proved to be the cheapest such short-term financing by the state on record . And it provided a backdrop for a warning from state Treasurer Phil Angelides that continued delay in the long-awaited $12.5 billion energy-bond sale could wreak havoc with the state's budget in the next fiscal year . With the Sept . 11 terrorist attacks delivering a blow to an already shaky economy , there is concern that state revenues may drop even more precipitously than they have in the past year , leading to a crunch for the fiscal year that begins July 1 , 2002 . The slower state revenues coupled with increased expenditures and the added burdens of the ongoing energy crisis , could force "Draconian" budget cuts , Angelides said . "We were already facing tough budget times in 2002-2003," he said , "and that was before the tragedy of Sept . 11." Now , if falling revenues are added to the "$6 billion hole , we'll have deficits akin to the early 1990s," Angelides said , noting the dramatic effects would be on people who depend on state services . Earlier this year , the state advanced $6.2 billion in general-fund money to buy wholesale power for customers of Pacific Gas and Electric Co. , Southern California Edison and San Diego Gas & Electric Co . Repayment to the state general fund depends on successful sale of the $12.5 billion in energy bonds -- a transaction Angelides said requires key approvals from the state Public Utilities Commission . The huge energy-bond sale initially was proposed for this summer and then moved to late October or early November . But the plan before the PUC has drawn heavy opposition from state utilities . With utilities and others threatening lawsuits at every step of the way , regulators have needed time to build a legal record for each of the seven decisions the treasurer seeks , PUC President Loretta Lynch said Tuesday . This year , "we've been taken to court probably five times more than we've been taken to court last year," partly because the commission has been making historic decisions and partly because it's been trying to make them so fast , she said . But Angelides said that given the delay in PUC action , he is doubtful an energy-bond sale can occur before 2002 . Besides raising the budget concerns , that also could mean that California misses an opportunity to capitalize on the very low interest rate environment . "I do not see a way now that this bond issue can happen this year," he said , citing the minimum 60 days of public notices and appeal periods that would follow PUC action . Tuesday's bond sale to meet the state's cash-flow needs involved what are known as revenue anticipation notes . The notes are fixtures on California's cash-flow landscape . In 1993-94 , for example , the state sold $8 billion through multiple offerings . No such sale was held last year because the state had an adequate surplus . But a year earlier , in fiscal 1999-2000 , $1 billion in notes were sold to meet cash-flow needs . Besides being the largest municipal-bond sale on record , Tuesday's sale was also the largest muni- and corporate-bond issuance since the terrorist strikes . Tuesday's debt issuance was viewed widely as a success because the vast majority of the securities found buyers . "It speaks to overall quality of the state's credit and the way the state is perceived , particularly in light of Sept . 11," said Peter Taylor , senior vice president in the Los Angeles office of Lehman Bros . As senior manager on the sale , Taylor and Lehman Bros . coordinated participation of more than 20 investment-banking firms . "There was wide acceptance from a range of investors , retail ( buyers) , mom-and-pop buyers all the way to mutual funds and corporations," Taylor said . The level of orders exceeded the offering by more than $2 billion . That allowed yields to be lowered through negotiations from the 2.25 level initially proffered to the lowest RAN on record in the state , an annualized 2.22 percent . The notes mature June 28 , 2002 . Overall yield , counting the variable-rate portion of the issuance , is only 2.17 percent . Had the $6.2 billion in general-fund money been repaid , Angelides said , the need for Tuesday's short-term debt issuance "would have been substantially less . . . if not eliminated." Even so , Angelides said the state was fortunate to "move into the market and get extraordinary interest rates , and we will be able to make it through this fiscal year."
Sue has informed me that since she has most recently drawn the short straw , I'm next in line for meetings with Brown . I've asked Mike Day to set up a meeting with Brown , me and Mike to begin our efforts to rehabilitate Mr . Brown . Best , Jeff
See what a good night sleep can do ! We'll set up the meeting and determine the attendance list .
If u and others are trying to get on CA call , pls call my line at 415.782.7822 . jeff
hmmm . my understanding is that prentice has a full plate this weekend , but don't know her precise schedule , so I was going to the dome to meet with dottie's cousin and the apple tree guy , and try to make some more progress finishing the cabin .
Thanks . We'll report back with any additional information that we hear . Reports are that Davis is expected to issue today whatever it is that he would issue to call the 3rd X session and call back the merry band of ( probably very grumpy ) legislators . Best , Jeff
Just so we're clear . To say that it would not be a problem for very large tranches of customers to leave the system as part of "community aggregation," and then say it WOULD be a problem for individual customers to do the same , is , well , ridiculous . In short , if you can work out the terms and conditions under which potentially huge tranches can go DA , then it is certainly feasible to do the same thing for individual customers . Finally , we're checking , but it seems that it will be be extremely difficult to say that its legally kosher for the PUC to permit DA under 9X , but suspend all other DA . Very interesting . Best , Jeff
Can you send the draft letter Tracy refers to re: letter to legislators ?
thanks .
FYI . ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER EDITORIAL: DAVIS HURTING STATE In an editorial , the Orange County Register blasts Gov . Gray Davis and his board picks for the California PUC , which , the paper asserts , have nullified the only good to come out of California's energy deregulation - consumer choice . With commentary from Lance Izumi , an electricity policy analyst at the Pacific Research Institute , the Register says a PUC policy that requires customers to buy power from their local utility company is forcing ratepayers to fund Davis's overpriced energy purchases . The negative impact on California businesses , some already in a slump , could force the state's economy into a recession and discourage businesses from relocating there , the editorial said . It's reminiscent of the 1990's when government policy caused an economic bust and state unemployment shot to 10% ( Orange County Register via Knight Ridder/Tribune News Service , Sept . 25 ,
FYI .
Greg: Good talking to you . Congratulations on your new role . Sounds exciting ( in addition to exhausting) . Based on our call , I contacted Perfect Commerce . The two folks from their shop that will be in Houston are: Ian Sullivan SVP , Professional Services and all implementation of the product Cameron Sellers VP , Business Development They'd like to meet sometime during the week of October 15th . Let me know if that works for you and Brad . Or if you'd like to contact them directly , just let me know and I'll get you their numbers/emails . I ran across Perfect when I was doing an MBA project--we were required to find a company that we could consult to on e-commerce strategy . I've since found out that Perfect's doing a pilot with EES--acting as the e-procurment platform for products tied to EES' outsourcing deals . From what I hear it's going well , and EES is enthusiastic . The technology is very interesting: soup to nuts e-procurement platform developed by Paul Milgrom ( global auction guru and economist at Stanford) . Glad you guys can meet with them . I think it's definitely worth the time--the technology may fit very well with Networks . Best , Jeff
you got it . thanks .
Sue: Just talked to the Chamber . Add them to the petition for rehearing . CMTA will be back to me soon . If they don't sign it's only because they'll file separately , but I think they're likely to join ARM's . Best , Jeff
The meeting will happen . Will only be a matter of who attends . I'll let you know what I hear back . Good luck with everything else . Best , Jeff
Greetings Eve and Bill: This has been forwarded to Delainey and Dorothy . It's originating with AreM . Delainey's distributing to some , I'm distributing to others . The Chamber's already agreed to join . If we're to have any hope of a ) maintaining DA and b ) eliminating any chance of a retroactive date , seems that we'll need as many folks signing on as possible . Please see attached . We hope that you can join . All the best , Jeff
now for that bad news . call me . 415.782.7822 .
Anything of note from the FERC/ISO/Generator meetings ?
Could you check and see if the Roundtable would like to sign on ? Thanks alBest , Jeff
Sounds like some pretty good movement . Congratz .
FYI . Latest word is that Assembly , Senate and Administration staff have been locked in a room with orders not to emerge until they've struck a deal on the Edison MOU . Word on DA is not good . Thus far it appears that the PUC "study" outlined in the letter from Burton & Co . to Lynch is as far as the Senate wants to go at this time , but folks continue to push . Seems to be a possibility that , if the Legislature does reconvene , there may be a push by "green Senators" to pass a "green only" DA bill . In addition , Lynch is setting the stage to have the PUC reject the rate agreement between DWR and the PUC on Tuesday . This despite the Governor calling to vigorously lobby each of the commissioners . Despite the strong arm tactics , it appears that Brown may be the only aye vote at this point . The idea is that , if the PUC votes down the rate agreement , the only thing Davis will have left is 18XX . We'll report back with news as we get it . Best , Jeff
Riordan edges out Davis in Field Poll: A survey finds lingering damage from the governor's handling of the energy crisis . By Amy Chance Bee Political Editor ( Published Sept . 26 , 2001 ) Gov . Gray Davis survived the summer without the widespread power blackouts his opponents predicted , but voters remained dissatisfied with his job performance and disinclined to re-elect him , a Field Poll released Tuesday found . The poll showed Davis narrowly behind in a trial general election matchup against former Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan , 45 percent to 42 percent . Riordan's strength in Los Angeles County -- rare for a Republican candidate -- as well as lingering damage to Davis from California's energy crisis were factors in the findings , said the poll's managing director , Mark DiCamillo . "It's an interesting situation for a sitting governor," he said . "It's very unusual for a sitting governor to be denied re-election , but here we have a unique candidate coming out of a Democratic stronghold . And also we have this issue that is kind of hanging around the neck of the governor that the public is not very pleased about , and that's the energy and the electricity crisis." In a hypothetical Republican primary , Riordan led by a large margin over Secretary of State Bill Jones , 46 percent to 19 percent . Businessman Bill Simon trailed with 5 percent of the vote , while 30 percent was undecided . The poll surveyed 1,003 Californians , including 722 registered voters , Sept . 7-10 and is subject to an overall error margin of 3.2 percent . Davis political adviser Garry South said reporting poll results taken before the Sept . 11 terrorist attacks on the East Coast was "horribly misleading." "These kinds of watershed events that shake the national psyche always have an effect on job approval," he said . "These kinds of things have effects on the way people feel about incumbents in general." DiCamillo said he found it notable , however , that views of Davis' performance continued to lag even as voters worried less about the electricity crisis . In May , at the peak of concern about potential power blackouts , voters said they disapproved of Davis' performance , 49 percent to 42 percent . In the latest survey , they continued to disapprove , 47 percent to 41 percent . Voters also said they were not inclined to re-elect Davis , 50 percent to 43 percent . "Now we're in a situation where the energy crisis mentality has receded , yet the public's image of the governor has not changed," DiCamillo said . "He has not benefited from the easing of public concern about the issue and is in the same situation that he found himself back in May . "No matter what the political temper of the times internationally , there will be issues that are particular to the governor's race . This issue is what the public has focused their attention on in evaluating Davis , and it's still negative." DiCamillo said he also was struck by the fact that the poll found Riordan leading among voters in Los Angeles County , 47 percent to 43 percent . He said the survey showed similar results in May . Los Angeles County accounts for one-quarter of the state's electorate , and Democrats typically carry it and the Bay Area by large margins , making up for losses in virtually every other area of the state . Riordan adviser Dan Schnur said the numbers pose a strategic difficulty for Davis . "It's clear from this poll result that the voters who know Dick Riordan best support him most," he said . "Unless Gray Davis plans on winning the Bay Area by a voice vote , there's no way he can get re-elected unless he turns L.A . County around in a very big way." South said Riordan , who held a nonpartisan office in Los Angeles , will fare far differently in a statewide partisan contest . And he recalled that then-Gov . Pete Wilson was trailing Democrat Kathleen Brown by 23 points as he prepared in 1993 for re-election . "We all know how that turned out," he said . "A sitting California governor hasn't been defeated for a second term since 1942." The Bee's Amy Chance can be reached at ( 916 ) 326-5535 or achance@sacbee.com . 
Thanks very much . I knew he'd call you back.... . Best , Jeff
I'd like to fax you something that Edison sent in support of their argument that: 1 ) by virture of the PX credit framework , DA customers contributed to Edison's undercollection , and , 2 ) DA customers should therefore contribute to the recovery of the undercollection . Could I get your fax numbers ? Would like to get your comments once you've reviewed the argument . Thanks . Best , Jeff
Just heard from Michael Rochman of SPURR/REMAC . He wants to sign on . 
got it .
Sounds reasonable . Let me know what time you can meet this weekend . After noon on Saturday , and anytime before 4 pm on Sunday works great for me . Understanding that it's a T&M job , would you nonetheless be able to give a ballpark figure once we've spoken this weekend and you've had a chance to think about it ? Also , I've got some longer range plans ( barn , house , etc. ) for the property that I'd like to run by you , too , but that's longer off . Really want to get the deck done before the rain starts . Thanks again . Best , Jeff
You should have it already . Give me a call when you get a minute . Thanks . Jeff
I'll forward to them .
you should have this . i sent it out yesterday . the scapegoating continues... .
Haven't heard anything about it , though Sue's been closer to these issues .
Congratulations and best of luck . Hope you'll be able to hire someone to replace you , given your new responsibilities . Big country to cover . All the best , Jeff
For what it's worth , I concur with Mike . Option 3 is the most prudent , and preferable , path . Best , Jeff
talked to karen . thought we'd do bolinas weekend after your b-day . and we're around the weekend of your b-day , it's just that i've got class all day that saturday . i think if karen's overly uncomfortable , we should just do the four of us . we can always do dinner with david and nina . how's things ?
attachment ?
babe , if they get back to me with a date that week , i think that you ought to just have the meeting , understanding that the meeting with execs may not have occured yet . nevertheless , you'll have a darned good idea by that time whether its working well or it's a flop , non ? anywho , let's see what response i get back . maybe they'll want to push back . her hair looked really good ( it was pretty all over the place previously) . now , with a few professional flourishes , she look even more gorgeous ( if that's possible) . best , Jeff
meet for a drink after work ?
FYI . Don't think it's anything that raises any concerns , but since you're signing on , thought you might want to peruse . Best , Jeff
couldn't agree more . was just kidding .
you rock . cleca signing on ?
Really don't want to write anymore notes . while he's a friend , and i've known him since he was a lowly VP , sending lots of emails to CEOs , even in a flat org . like enron , is , well , bad form . let's see what happens . just let ian know that there's a chance that the meeting might take place prior to the EES debrief . The cooking thing is great . The funniest thing is that Prentice has always said that she hates rice , and therefore risotto . so i'm psyched .
yes , dear .
no . what's your phone number . need to fill you in on some stuff . best , Jeff
No kidding . However , it's safe to say that all concerned believe that your comparably quality and well-equipped to fill his shoes . Hope to see you on the golf course soon .
Slight correction . If , in fact , they actually come back next week , we'll likely stay with Tues/Thur . If they end up NOT coming back , we may cancel regular call altogether , and continue for rest-of-year on "as needed" basis . But we're still figuring and will get back to you . We'll know more when we know more about what the heck the legislature is going to do , or not do . Best , Jeff
I asked scott and hedy to fill ken in on the change for this week . looks like ball got dropped . poor ken .
you're not billing by the word now are you ? : )
No problem . Your sense that the commercial folks going to be OK with this approach ?
Though there is a high degree of uncertainty regarding whether and when Davis will call back the California legislature to address the Edison MOU , here's the latest information we have . Faced with horrible polling , an unwilling legislature , an uncooperative California PUC , and a wily leader of the state Senate ( Burton) , Davis is now considering delaying any action to call back the legislature . Rumors of a delay come despite Davis' statements that he would call them back next week . We received the information about a likely delay from an Edison SVP who's working with administration staff to come up with a deal that the legislature can finally swallow . It's Edison's view that the earliest Davis would now call the legislature back is end of next week , with early the following week being most likely . At this point , the chance remains that Davis may be forced to throw up his hands and call the whole thing off , leaving Edison to follow PG&E into chapter 11 . In the meantime , negotiations between Davis' staff , and staff from the Senate and Assembly continue . We'll report back with information as we get it . Best , Jeff
Dorothy has informed that CMTA will file solo . ( Keith's got kids in expensive colleges , you know. )
Great minds think alike . That is EXACTLY the opening line that Wanda and Michael and I came up with on a brief call this morning . Will do .
As far as i know , we can get together tomorrow night .
FYI .
Will do . Did you folks have a call today ? If you folks are going to have one every week , could we set up a standing time and call-in number ? Be happy to participate on these and any other issues . Best , Jeff
Perfect . Thanks .
Feel free to send it along . But as you know , things are somewhat difficult these days . I'll get it to the right people , however . Best , Jeff
It's hardball time . I'd be careful going up against UC/CSU , though .
thanks very much .
Thanks very much for all your help . Can I call you tomorrow morning to discuss ? Best , Jeff PS Shapiro likes to kid . We're going to do everything we can in the meeting to try to settle this darn thing .
Edison Utility Rescue-Plan Session Set for Oct . 9 by Davis By Michael B . Marois Sacramento , California , Sept . 27 ( Bloomberg ) -- A special legislative session to consider a rescue package for Edison International's insolvent California utility won't begin until Oct 9. , aides for Governor Gray Davis said . The governor had been expected to call lawmakers back Oct . 2 . His aides didn't explain the reasons for the delay . The governor plans to make an announcement at 3 p.m . San Francisco time , Davis spokeswoman Hilary McLean said . Southern California Edison , California's second-largest utility , accrued $3.9 billion in debt under the state's deregulation law , which froze consumer rates and let wholesale power costs rise . Some of the utility's creditors are trying to put together a group of three to force the company into bankruptcy . PG&E Corp.'s Pacific Gas & Electric , the state's largest utility , filed for bankruptcy in April . The Legislature adjourned Sept . 15 without approving a $2.9 billion rescue package , prompting Davis to announce he would call lawmakers back to Sacramento to consider a new plan . The latest Edison measure may let the utility sell $2.5 billion to $2.9 billion in bonds to pay off its debt , secured by existing rates on about 20 percent of its largest commercial customers , Davis aides said last week .
Maybe the best thing for you to do is take a cab from the Hyatt to the Burbank airport Monday morning . My flight arrives on Southwest ( from Oakland ) at about 8 AM . I've rented a car . Then we can drive to Edison from there ( it's about 30 minutes from the airport) , east of Pasadena on 10 . Then I can drive you back with me from Rosemead and you can catch a cab from Burbank to LAX . Should be pretty easy that way . Jeff
Dan: Please add California Cast Metals Association to the list of signatories . Thanks . Jeff
Dan: The chamber of commerce ( because it never really plays at the PUC ) has decided to sign on to CMTA's letter that it will submit , rather than sign on to the ARM filing . Please remove them from the list of signatories . Thanks . Best , Jeff
On October 4th , I'll be trying to fill Rob Bradley's rather large shoes at the Cal State University Center for California Studies' 13th annual envisioning California conference , "Our Year of Disconnect: The Politics of Power in California." I'll be participating in a Roundtable at the plenary session entitled: "Lessons Learned , Unlearned & To Be Learned: A Roundtable on California's Utility Deregulation." The Roundtable will be moderated by the State Librarian , Kevin Starr . The other roundtable-ists include: Chuck Cicchetti ( Edison plant ? Anyone know what he's up to these days? ) Bob Foster--Edison Nettie Hoge--head of TURN Glen Thomas--Chair of the Pennsylvania PUC ( any info on Chair Thomas is appreciated ) State Senator Debra Bowen Dr . Joseph Pratt--History prof. , University of Houston ( any info on the professor is also appreciated ) Each of us will have two minutes to open and then Dr . Starr will moderate the ensuing mud-slinging . Attached are some draft talking points that I threw together for your review . All comments , suggestions , guffaws , etc . are welcome and appreciated . Best , Jeff
Thanks . I'll call you in the afternoon . Jeff
No problem here . That price is making DWR's contracts look worse and worse every day . Poor California . Jeff , if you have questions or want to discuss further , don't hesitate to call me or Sue , though Paul can likely answer most questions . Best , Jeff
Did governor Jessie eliminate the role in Minnesota ? I believe that it's the equivalent of a state historian . Thanks for the feedback . Best , Jeff
In the constant state of "blur" I'm in , I somehow unintentionally left you off the note . Your comments/thoughts/feedback is of course greatly appreciated . Best , Jeff
I'm around . Could you forward me the "matrix." ( sounds so "classified." I love it. ) Best , Jeff
thank you .
No problem . Thanks for the response . I understand the need to keep powder dry . Talked to Hertzberg this morning . The 3rd extraordinary ain't sounding like it's going to be a winner . Hope to talk soon . Best , Jeff
SCE's problem is that no one except Davis and Edison are for the bailout . With respect to DA , only Burton's in the way . So Davis and Edison have the world against; and DA only has Burton against it . I'm at loss to determine which is worse off , which speaks to the craziness of the state of things . Best , Jeff
Good idea . Thanks . Yes , I'm around .
hey , prentice has a friend in town whom you may have met . very cool , very funny . we'd bring her along if that's ok , and if you still want to get together tonite , which we're totally up for . let me know . and it would be a good idea to get together since we should probably talk a bit about Jay's place . he's been inquiring about what we're thinking . best ,
let's do it at my place . is pauline's , salad and wine in order ?
Please consider this my response to your request to forward my schedule for next week . Your welcome in advance . annoyingly yours , thanks for the travel package .
Check this out . I want to get any comments you might have before I sent it around .
yes , you get pizza . we'll get the wine and greens . prentice LOVEs the fontina and garlic WITH mushrooms . see you at the Vahl-kay-knowwwww .
FYI . We can discuss further on Monday . You may see something in the press about it . Best , Jeff
FYI .
My money's on Mirant/Reliant as the leak .
Thanks and see you soon . Could you leave your phone number on my work voice mail . 415.782.7822 ? Best , Jeff
Consider me reminded . Thank you .
Now that I've got your attention: Whatever you're doing , keep it up , baby ! The stock's been moving up and up . Keep doing it , man . Best , Jeff
Go Barry !
Alice , whom I used to ride with and her guy Jeff ( remember we went to their place in Petaluma some time back--chicken coups? ) is getting married on Sunday , October 21 at 3 o'clock on Mare Island . You want to go ?
FYI . Long piece criticizing the Forbes' article criticizing Enron . Not bad .
Really appreciate the note . Great working with you . Best , Jeff
I love it . Unfortunately , ENA would likely go bonkers since many of the folks whose deals we'd be bettering also happen to be big ENA customers . If there's a way to finesse it ( e.g. , "Enron offers State big power deal for 1/2 what State contracted for") , it would really bring the house down . But I think that ENA would get damn queasy about doing it .
i.e. , "sign up , or else." ( I love it when you're tough. )
you're b-day . if you guys would like to go there , that's just peachy with us . really .
I'm hooting just thinking about it . Could we get someone else to do it ? ( Problem is just about everybody who could do it is in the soup because they're holding one of those stinking DWR contracts. )
Thanks . You're call . Might be a good idea to talk with him in advance . Let me know what you think . Or , given the time crunch , just contacting his office to find out what his angle will be would be helpful--I also assume he'll spend his time 1 ) singing PA's praises and 2 ) claiming that DA can work , if done right , both of which are great messages . Best , Jeff
I took a quick look . In short: --create regulatory asset out of the PX credit --collect on utility bills as dedicated rate component --silent on who should pay the charge . Best , Jeff
Oh dear . Get a story straight ? That's moving the bar pretty darned high , ain't it ? Wednesday looks good for me .
Jim/Rick/Steve: Talked to Fielder . Let me know when it's good to take 5 minutes to debrief . Thx,Jeff
FYI .
Talked to John Fielder ( SVP at the utility ) this morning in an attempt to determine if Edison will come around and pay us the PX credit they owe us . Summary of our offer: Edison pays us 90% of what they owe us as of 01.17.01 . Payment structure: Edison pays us 10% immediately , with an agreed to ( speedy ) payment schedule for the remaining 90% . In return , we drop our complaint against Edison at the PUC . In return , we agree to a bottoms-up approach retroactive to March 1 to replace the current PX Credit/Residual CTC framework . Fielder said that he didn't see any show-stoppers in our proposal , but had to check back on his end . However , there were three additional issues that he wanted to add to any deal: Some agreement regarding payment of Edison's undercollection ( this would cover any of our DA customers who were bundled services customers pre-January 17) . We agreed that this would only be an issue to the extent that the Legislature and/or the PUC agreed that Edison should get authority to recoup its undercollection in rates . Some agreement on DWR stranded costs . John expressed the view that DWR bought power under the assumption that the customers who've recently gone DA would be there to take the power , and now that they've left , they should contribute in some way to any stranded costs . I told John that this issue is a hornet's nest , that we were better off leaving it out , but we'd consider his proposals . Some agreement on forebearance . I told John that if Edison agrees to pay us , it didn't seem that forebearance would be off the table . We agreed to touch base at the same time Wednesday morning . The idea is that he'll get back to me with Edison's reaction to our proposal; and we'd get back to him on Edison's proposals . Might be useful to determine whether we want to continue the discussions . While John seemed very inclined to work something out , all signals are that the Legislature isn't inclinded to bail Edison out next week . In which case , Edison could be in bankruptcy in a couple of weeks , which would presumably nullify any agreement we might reach with them . On the other hand , if the Legislature pulls a rabbit out of a hat , an agreement might have real value . Any comments folks have on 1 ) Edison's proposals and 2 ) whether it makes sense to continue discussions on Wednesday are appreciated . Seems that , at a minimum , if we agree to consider Edison's proposals , then our payment should go from 90 cents to 100 cents on the dollar . Best , Jeff
California Retailers Association Supports PG&E Reorganization Plan SACRAMENTO , Calif. , Oct . 1 /PRNewswire/ -- California Retailers Association today released the following statement on Pacific Gas and Electric Company's proposal to emerge from bankruptcy: "The California Retailers Association supports this plan because of the many benefits it offers to California , its consumers , and its businesses." "We are pleased that this proposal would allow PG&E to pay the tens of thousands of small businesses who are owed money -- in full , with interest . These firms , through no fault of their own , have been hurt by this energy crisis , and should be made whole -- and will be , under this proposal." "We are particularly pleased that PG&E's plan does not include any kind of rate increase . With our economy hanging in the balance , the last thing California consumers or small businesses need is higher utility rates . The plan also will provide consumers with power pricing stability -- by locking in long-term prices for power at a relatively low price . This will benefit all customers by establishing fair prices that won't spike over time." "Finally , it is critically important to note that the plan is designed to return PG&E to financial viability so that the State of California can get out of the power procurement business , which has been taking funds away from other economic and social programs . The plan also does not require any legislative action or any financial bailout , so the State's attention and funds may once again be focused on their appropriate objectives." The California Retailers Association is a trade association representing major California department and specialty stores , mass merchandisers , grocery , chain drug and convenience stores . Our members have more than 9,000 stores in California and account for more than $100 billion in sales annually .
Thanks very much . I faxed one the PUC filed against the Colton contract .
Pure PG&E . They'll be talking to just about everyone and greasing palms to get more of the same . Can't wait to see who else jumps on the wagon .
Horrible , unfortunately . He was the loudest , most articulate voice appearing before the PUC on the 20th , staunchly--and I mean staunchly--opposing DA . If I see him , I'm going to get all over him . But me thinks the contracts are in for a wild ride .
Thanks very much .
Doesn't look good . USA: Shares of NewPower plummet in midday trade . Reuters English News Service ( C ) Reuters Limited 2001 . NEW YORK , Oct 1 ( Reuters ) - Shares of electricity provider NewPower Holdings were down almost 20 percent on Monday on the New York Stock Exchange , but the company had no comment on the share drop . Shares of NewPower were down 55 cents , or 17.9 percent , to $2.53 in midday trade on the New York Stock Exchange . "We don't comment on stock activity . We are reporting our earnings in November," said Gael Doar , spokeswoman for NewPower . NewPower , which bills itself as the first national provider of electricity and natural gas to residential and small commercial customers , recently became the outside provider with the greatest share for competitive energy providers as part of the Texas's deregulation . Copyright ?  2000 Dow Jones & Company , Inc . All Rights Reserved .
Alan: Two things . 1 ) Assuming that you're lead on the meeting ( i.e. , agenda , facilitate meeting)---if not , just let us know and we'll take the reins . 2 ) Seems appropriate to invite Jim to participate . Sure he'll be interested . Your call . Best , Jeff
FYI . May be useful for Thursday's meeting . Best , Jeff
In terms of our proposal , went over it with Wanda and Michael last week , and they , I believe , ran it by Swain . The real issue is what ( if anything ) we do about Edison's desire to lock down undercollection and DWR stranded costs as part of the deal ( which they likely view as a pretty good hedge , since it's looking less than 50-50 that the Legislature isn't going to pull it off) . Best , Jeff
Call me .
Thanks for coming by yesterday . Look forward to getting the deck up and hopefully working on many other projects in the future . Zip me a fax when you get the materials quote at 415.782.7854 . Best , Jeff
Should you care , on Friday at the Hotel Monaco in SF , Law Seminars International is having a conference about electric restructuring in CA . The 8:30 AM panel is "status and implications of the PG&E Bankruptcy" with Jim Lopes and LInda Ekstrom . I'll be in Sacramento that day . Best , Jeff
This looks very good . One suggestion: May be a little ambitious to do #2 , and really ambitious to do #2 for the entire West . May want to priortize in some small way , like , what are the 5 things that most affect the book ( maybe confined to California?) . Just a suggestion . I'm comfortable doing the whole nine yards . Just concerned that we may fail to cover some really big risks that are lurking on the horizon in the near term if we choose not to focus down just a bit . That said , seems real important to complete the comprehensive view as you've set out in the agenda as soon as we can ( e.g. , next four weeks , or so) . Best , Jeff
FYI . Big customers were hesitant to sign on to the ARM filing , but they were cajoled into filing on their own . They seem to hit the mark pretty well . Best , Jeff
SUMMARY OF THE DRAFT RATE AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PUC AND DWR The Bond Structure ?  Keeps the state in the power selling business for 15 years - the life of the bonds - because the bonds are repaid solely from the state's power purchase revenues and no other repayment source . ?  Designed as a "net revenue bond," meaning bondholders are paid last and all other DWR costs and expenses are paid first . In order to sell net revenue bonds , DWR must show that it has guaranteed revenues to both: ( 1 ) carry out its entire operations and ( 2 ) generate enough profit to pay off the bonds . As a result , the rating of a net revenue bond depends on the overall financial health of the company - in this case , a guarantee that the overall power purchase program instituted by DWR will be paid for by ratepayers for 15 years . ?  Requires that California's current energy policies and programs are set in place and not subject to further political or policy changes for at least the next 15 years and that the continued operation of this program will generate enough income to meet all the program's possible financial needs for the life of the bonds . ?  Ratepayers will pay for the state's power purchase program as long as the bonds are outstanding . The Rate Agreement ?  Requires the Commission to adjust rates in 45 to 90 days when DWR sends over a revenue requirement . The Commission is limited only to correcting mathematical error or costs outside the agreement's scope . If the Commission does not adjust rates according to DWR's estimated revenue calculations , the Bond Trustee may enforce bondholders' rights to have rates established at a level that satisfies DWR . ?  May require the Commission to require all utilities to take DWR's power and deliver it to customers in their service territories before the utilities sell their own , often lower cost power to customers in each service territory . ?  Precludes utilities from returning to the business of providing 100% of their customers' electricity needs for the life of the bonds because the state must stay in the business of buying and selling power to meet the requirements of a net revenue bond . Guarantees DWR receives whatever revenue it needs for all of its power programs and establishes the State in the power business for at least 15 years , the life of the bonds . ?  Because the bonds can be repaid only from DWR sales , suggests the need to change the Legislatively imposed mandate that DWR's program "sunset" at the end of 2002 . Already , the financial community has expressed concern about this provision . In response , DWR's comments on the Rate Agreement suggested that an extension of the sunset by Executive Order could allow DWR to continue purchasing power in a way that would be funded through Commission-approved revenue requirements . ?  Provides generators , who negotiated long-term contracts with the state during the very height of the energy crisis when market power was being exercised , irrevocable 15-year assurances that those power purchase deals will be treated as solidly as if they were loans from the generators to the State . ?  Interferes with Federal or other court efforts to review the long-term contracts entered into by the state . Because the existence of those contracts is essential to the continuation of the bond deal , the state would not be able to take advantage of any change in circumstance or law that would reduce dependence on disadvantageous long-term contracts . ?  The Commission must also enforce rules so that utilities can bill and collect on DWR's behalf , and customers are subject to disconnection for failure to pay for electricity provided by DWR . ?  Constitutes irrevocable financing document - the Commission may not alter or modify any of its provisions without DWR's agreement . DWR will likely need to obtain bondholder approval before agreeing to any changes . Remains in effect as long as the bonds are outstanding , regardless of how many bonds are issued . The Challenges to the Rate Agreement ?  Eleven parties filed comments opposed to the Rate Agreement . ?  Received comments in support only from DWR , the office of the State Treasurer , and the investment bank underwriting the bond transaction . ?  Received strong opposition citing numerous flaws with the rate agreement , including: o The Commission cannot make the iron-clad guarantee to meet DWR's revenue requirement o Unconstitutional , contrary to general principles of utilities law , and outside the scope of AB 1X , the statute that allows DWR to buy power o DWR has acted illegally and the Commission's actions are illegal because they rely on allegedly improper conduct on the part of DWR Oppose the requirement that the Commission must ensure that DWR has the physical ability to stay in business using the utilities distribution networks .
Consumer Groups , Calif PUC Question Pwr Contract Validity LOS ANGELES ( Dow Jones)--Two California consumer groups have asked California Attorney General Bill Lockyer to investigate whether some state electricity contracts should be nullified because of a possible conflict of interest held by one of the state's negotiations , according to a press release Monday . The Utility Reform Network and Consumers Union asked Lockyer to examine whether income earned from energy companies by consultant Vikram Budhraja presented a conflict of interest , because he may have been involved in contract negotiations with those companies We believe there is ample evidence for the Attorney General to investigate whether some of the state's electricity contracts were made in violation of California's conflict of interest laws," said Bill Ahern , senior policy analyst with Consumers Union West Coast Regional Office . "If the Attorney General finds that a contract was made in violation of the law , it must be set aside as void." Three weeks after Budhraja's January hire date , Williams Companies ( WMB , news , msgs ) won a $3.4 billion contract to provide power to the state over 10 1/2 years . Budhraja disclosed in mid-August that his company , the Electric Power Group , was paid more than $10,000 by Williams during the previous 12 months . Budhraja was hired by the California Department of Water Resources to negotiate power contracts , but hasn't said which generators he dealt with in the weeks before the Williams contract was signed . "It is reasonable to assume that Budhraja may have been involved in the negotiations that led to the Williams contract," Ahern said . "It is also likely that there are more detailed records and evidence in existence , which only a subpoena or search warrant may uncover." The groups also are concerned that Budhraja may have held a conflict of interest due to his potential involvement in negotiating a $3.9 billion contract with Allegheny Energy Inc . ( AYE , news , msgs ) while he owned stocks in energy companies , according to the release . The Attorney General's office recently said it doesn't plan to investigate conflicts of interest involving energy contract negotiations . No one at the office could be reached for comment Monday . The California Public Utilities Commission is also petitioning federal regulators to throw out some of the state's $43 billion in long-term energy contracts , the San Francisco Chronicle reported Monday . The CPUC has argued in filings with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission over the past three months that energy companies took advantage of the state's energy crisis to negotiate high-priced contracts , according to the report . The average price of power under the contracts is $69 a megawatt-hour , more than double peak electricity prices last week . CPUC lawyers have filed challenges before the FERC on deals negotiated with Scottish Power ( SPI , news , msgs ) unit PacifiCorp , Alliance Colton LLC , Sempra Energy ( SRE , news , msgs ) and Calpine Corp . ( CPN , news , msgs) , according to the report . Budhraja disclosed in August that he owned as much as $10,000 in Scottish Power stock while a $1 billion long-term contract with subsidiary PacifiCorp was being hammered out . The state signed the 10-year contract July 6 . Budraha sold his stock July 30 . State officials say Budhraja had nothing to do with the deal , according to the report .
FYI . Pretty good letter from large customers urging the PUC to vote down the rate agreement between DWR and the PUC . With Loretta announcing today ( and signaling to the Republicans on the Commission ) that she'll be voting no on the rate agreement tomorrow , it looks like Davis and Angelides are in for a bad day . Sort of chokes you up . Best , Jeff
What time on Wednesday ?
That's helpful . Thanks . Needed a time frame . Today's going to be very interesting . Should be able to get you something before 10; before noon , max . Best , Jeff
Give a call when you get in . Let's discuss this further in prep for my follow-up call with Fielder tomorrow . Best , Jeff
THE WOMEN IN LEADERSHIP CONFERENCE BRINGS HEAVY HITTERS TO HAAS All faculty , students , staff , and alumni are invited to the 6th annual Women in Leadership Conference , which takes place on Saturday , October 20 . This year's theme , "Explore , Inspire , Excel," is embodied by two exceptional keynote speakers: Donna Dubinsky , founder , president , and CEO of Handspring , and Beth Sawi , chief administrative officer and executive vice president of Charles Schwab & Co. , Inc . The annual WIL conference is the longest-running student-run conference at Haas . Last year it attracted more than 400 participants including current MBA and undergraduate students , alumni , and career women from the greater Bay Area . Dubinsky gives the first keynote address of the day . She co-founded Handspring with Jeff Hawkins in July 1998 to create a new breed of hand-held computers for consumers . Before joining Handspring Dubinsky served as president and CEO of Palm Computing , where she helped make the Palm Pilot the best-selling hand-held computer and the most rapidly adopted new computing product ever produced . When Dubinsky first joined Hawkins at Palm Computing in 1992 , shortly after the company was founded , she brought with her more than ten years of marketing and logistics experience from Apple and Claris . Dubinsky and Hawkins introduced the original Palm Pilot in February 1996 , a move that revitalized the hand-held computing industry . She earned her BA from Yale University and her MBA from the Harvard Graduate School of Business Administration . Beth Sawi oversees Human Resources , Corporate Communications , Community Affairs , Legal , Compliance , Internal Audit , and Corporate Services . She is also a member of the executive committee for The Charles Schwab Corporation . She will give the afternoon keynote address . Sawi is a long-time veteran of Schwab; she started her career at Schwab in 1982 . From 1995 to 1997 she was executive vice president of Electronic Brokerage , during which time she headed Schwab's Internet launch . Sawi took a sabbatical in Italy in 1998-99 during which she wrote her book "Coming Up for Air: How to Build a Balanced Life in a Workaholic World," published by Hyperion in February 2000 . She received a BA from Tufts University and an MBA from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business . Throughout the day , conference attendees will interact with leaders from a variety of professional backgrounds through the conference's panel sessions and workshops . Panels planned for this year's conference include: + Management Techniques to Inspire and Motivate + Women and the New Economy - Women in the Tech World + International Business + Wild Women This year's conference is sponsored by Fortune , Ford , Chevron , Genentech , J.P . Morgan , Johnson & Johnson , Accenture , Goldman Sachs , and Adobe . For more information on the WIL conference , please visit . 
Did anyone else get the attachment ? If not , Paul , could you resend ? Thanks .
could you give me a call when you've got 5 minutes . i have a very quick question . thanks a lot . Best , Jeff
FYI .
I'm real sorry to bug you with this , but you and I will need to do some research so that I can make sure that I'm reporting properly . Please stop by when you get a minute . Thanks very much . Jeff
Do we have a boiled down version of the judge's proposed order in the PNW refund case ? If we do , I'd like to start disseminating it liberally around California , and would also like to use it at this forum I'll be speaking at on Friday . Best , Jeff
Hi Barry: Congratulations on side-stepping what many ( including us ) thought would be a summer filled with supply disruptions . We're as glad as anybody that it hasn't happened . I have a quick question: Your consultant for gas procurement , a fellow named Mark Baldwin , until recently did some consulting work for one of our business units , Transwestern gas pipeline . Mark has informed us that we won't be able to talk to him in his new role due to conflict of interest considerations that arise from our previous relationship with Mark . With that in mind , I was wondering if there is someone else working on gas procurement other than Mark ( who doesn't face the same conflict issues ) that we could meet with to discuss providing low-cost gas services to California ? We're very cognizant of the importance of maintaining a conflict-free environment . But it would be a shame for the state to forego a good gas deal for the state's consumers . If there's someone we can talk to and avoid ( even the appearance of ) conflict-of-interest , we'd be very anxious to do so . Thanks for your time and hope all is well . Best , Jeff
Yank , yank , yank . Loretta's tubing Davis as we write . Chill , dude .
You know , we could make a deal . I won't yank yours and you don't yank mine , but I know that you get so much enjoyment ( and have experienced phenomenal success at ) yanking mine that I don't think that's a good deal for you... .
Thanks very much .
This will work for what I need to submit . FYI: I'm not going to get another person to help out on this , so I'm assuming that with me and the resources that I'll bring to bear , and with you folks and the resources that you'll devote , we'll be able to do an outstanding job of achieving the overall objective of taking a proactive regulatory stance in California . Best , Jeff
PUC proceeding to consider continuing PG&E's "Gas Accord." The Gas Accord is PG&E's program to unbundle its backbone transmission and storage systems . The program began in 1998 and will expire Q4/2002 . Though PG&E's system has been unbundled since 1998 , SoCalGas' system remains bundled . The PUC has pressured SoCalGas to emulate PG&E's restructured system . ENA Origination Support ( Getting info from Tycholiz)--$$XXK Rate related proceedings ( PG&E/Sempra)--$1.5K Every two years , the utilities are required to file with the PUC any price changes it desires to make . These price changes can have a direct financial effect on ENA's , TW's and EES' business . ENA power plant support--$2.5K ENA Western Origination is developing numerous gas-fired power plants in California . ENA seeks GA support in order to obtain gas services for those plants . Transwestern infrastructure and origination support--$2.5K Transwestern is either considering , or in the early stages of , developing additional pipeline infrastrastructure in California .
you took the words right out of my mouth.. .
For you , anything . My kingdom for a Kaufman.. .
Hey , babe , how's things ? You get your glasses ? When we gonna get together again for a Spades massacre ? Could you order me one case of coastal cab , one of coastal zin and one of Mondavi 1997 cab ? Kisses , Jeff PS Last night Prentice made the most delicious porcini risotto from a veal stock that she and Cameron made ! It was truly ( no kidding ) incredible .
Jeez , Eldon is on fire .
Why "not very?"
In what will likely be viewed as a fairly shocking event , the California PUC today voted down Davis' proposed rate agreement between DWR and the CPUC . The vote was 4-1 , with the two Republicans voting with Davis' hand-picked appointees Lynch and Wood . Davis' proposal was introduced at the meeting by another Davis appointee--Geoff Brown--who made a lengthy speech about why California would experience economic and political destruction if the PUC did not approve Davis' proposed rate agreement . What is Davis' proposed rate agreement between DWR and the CPUC ? It would remove all PUC authority to review any contracts between DWR with suppliers . It would require the PUC to pass through to utility rates all DWR power contract costs , no questions asked . What are the implications of the move by the PUC to reject Davis' proposal ? With the vote , it remains unclear how California/DWR will pay for the DWR power contracts . The political pressure to re-negotiate--or break--the DWR power contracts is likely to intensify considerably . It remains unclear how California/DWR will pay for the $12.5 B in bonds the Treasurer has unsuccessfully attempted to issue for past several months . Under the structure devised by Davis , the revenues flowing from the CPUC/DWR rate agreement would be used to both 1 ) pay for the DWR power contracts and 2 ) service the bonds the Treasurer is trying to issue to repay California's General Fund for spot and other short term power purchased by DWR since January . In short , there is no clear indication of how California will pay for DWR contracts or issue the bonds . Safe to say that today's PUC vote has seriously embarrassed Davis , and left his approach to "solving" California electricity crisis in shambles . What Next ? A broad left-right coalition of energy interests supported a bill ( 18XX ) that passed the Legislature with broad bi-partisan support . The bill would create a "dedicated rate component" on every customers bill to service the $12.5 B in bonds that the Treasurer wants to issue . Proponents of the bill--and just about everyone else--argue that the "dedicated rate component" is a signficantly more efficient way to raise the debt California needs to plug the hole in its budget . The bill is silent , however , on how California would pay for the DWR contracts , and the bill's opponents claim that the power suppliers will sue as a result . All four PUC commissioners who voted against the Davis rate agreement today urged Davis to sign the bill . The left-right coalition ( from Nader types to oil companies ) is also working hard to get Davis to sign it . Davis has said that he will veto the bill on the advice of the Treasurer and bond counsel . Given today's vote , however , Davis may have no alternative than to sign the bill if he wants to get the bonds issued and the state budget repaid . Update on Edison Bailout Still appears that chances are very small that Edison and Davis will succeed in getting the Legislature to vote for an Edison bailout when it returns for another "special" session next Tuesday . If you have any questions , just let us know . Best , Jeff
That's great . More the merrier . I assume you heard about what happened at the PUC today . I think it classfies as amazing . The planets may be favorably re-aligning just a little bit ( one hopes) . Best , Jeff
Dan: Could you send along the ARM/WPTF filing ? Thanks . Sorry you didn't get a copy Evie . Best , Jeff
We're engaged.. .
If only Carl could morph into another Loretta.. .
there's a movie that Grisman's daughter did about Grisman and Jerry and bluegrass that opens at the embarcadero on wednesday . might be worth checking out .
In another surprise move , the PUC approved an Edison bailout today on a 5-0 vote . This item was not on the Commission's agenda other than as a placeholder regarding "litigation." We do not have copies of the agreement but we just talked to Edison's SVP of Regulatory Affairs and here's a summary: The Commission will keep current rates in place through 2003 Any "overcollection" resulting from keeping current rates in place will go to paying off $3.3 B in Edison's past due accounts ( the so-called "undercollection" ) If Edison collects the $3.3B prior to 2003 , then rates can change If Edison has not collected the $3.3 B by the end of 2003 , the PUC will create a dedicated rate component on all bills to collect the remainder . Half the remainder will be collected in 2004 and the other half in 2005 . Any refunds received from litigation against suppliers will go to reducing the $3.3 B undercollection . Edison can keep 10% of any refunds received after the $3.3B is paid off . Edison cannot pay any dividends during the time that it is using rates to pay off the $3.3B . Edison can apply to the PUC for approval to hedge gas price risk . Edison will be protected from any increases in DWR contract costs ( i.e. , if DWR's costs go up , the PUC will raise rates rather than take it out of Edison's rates ) The PUC will not fine Edison during this period if Edison's capital structure varies from the PUC-approved capital structure Edison must drop its lawsuits against the PUC regarding 1 ) the "filed rate doctrine" and 2 ) the so-called "TURN" accounting method , which effectively kept the rate freeze in place . Edison agrees to "cooperate" with the Attorney General and the PUC in all litigation against suppliers . The PUC decision could likely nullify the need for the "special" session that the Governor recently announced We will report back with additional details as soon as we get them . Best , Jeff
PUC and Edison Settle Federal litigation to maintain utility service without raising rates The California Public Utilities Commission ( PUC ) and Southern California Edison ( Edison ) today reached a settlement in the Filed Rate Doctrine lawsuit Edison filed in federal court against the PUC . The settlement is intended to restore Edison to creditworthiness so that it is able to resume procuring the electricity needed by its customers; limit ratepayers' costs of paying off the debt; and maintain the state's role in regulating the investor owned utility by enabling Edison to pay down its back debts over a reasonable , certain period of time . The terms of the Settlement Agreement include: ?  Edison will apply cash on hand , plus all of its revenue over recoverable costs , to paying off its back debt . The PUC and Edison have agreed that the amount of the back debt to be recovered from ratepayers is the amount of certain outstanding debt Edison had at August 31 , 2001 , less the cash on hand on that date , less an additional $300 million adjustment . The amount that will be paid down pursuant to the settlement agreement is estimated to be $3 billion as of the end of this month . The parties believe that the amount to be paid by ratepayers will be much less than the cap . ?  Edison will not pay any dividends on its common stock through 2003 , or on the full payment of its debt , if sooner . If Edison has not fully paid its back debt by the end of 2003 , the Commission retains the discretion to determine whether Edison will pay a dividend in 2004 . Edison is free to resume paying dividends in 2005 . Since Edison's annual dividend has typically been about $400 million , Edison's shareholders will have forgone at least $1.2 billion in dividends and possibly more , in addition to the $300 million adjustment . ?  Edison will apply 100% of any recovery it obtains from refund proceedings at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission or litigation against sellers to pay down the back debt . Edison commits through court order to work with the PUC and the Attorney General in pursuing litigation against the energy sellers . ?  The PUC can direct Edison to use $150 million each year for other utility purposes , including the provision of additional energy efficiency monies , which would otherwise be used to pay down the Edison debt . ?  The PUC agrees not to lower Edison's retail rates below their current level through the end of 2003 unless the back debts are recovered . However , rates may be reduced as a result of a securitization of the debt or reduced DWR revenue needs . ?  The PUC agrees to set rates not higher than the current rate , to enable Edison to recover the remaining amount of the back debt over 2004 and 2005 if Edison's back debt has not been recovered by the end of 2003 . ?  There are no concessions of PUC or State regulations or regulatory authority over Edison , nor is there any deregulation of valuable transmission and generation facilities . ?  Edison may make up to $900 million in capital expenditures annually . "This settlement embodies a fair and judicious way for Edison to become solvent and get back in the business of buying power , while meeting the needs of ratepayers and the state of California," said Loretta Lynch , President of the PUC . "The settlement also ensures that all of the benefits of any refunds arising through litigation against power generators and marketers that profited from unjust and unreasonable energy prices will benefit ratepayers." This agreement settles a November 2000 federal court lawsuit filed by Edison against the PUC , in which Edison claimed that the Commission's actions in not providing sufficient retail rates , violated federal law and was an unconstitutional taking of its property . Under this agreement , Edison will release the PUC from all claims in its lawsuit and will also withdraw any challenges to the Commission's decisions implementing AB 1X , AB 6X , and the TURN accounting proposal .
Assume for now at least that the currently allocation stands pat . Pretty crazy , huh ? Gotta hand it to Loretta Lynch . Best , Jeff
See email . PUC bailed out Edison today . No kidding . Jeff
I have a copy of the settlement between the PUC and Edison if you want me to fax it to you .
FYI .
are you guys losing it about the edison settlement ? seems better than 500KW and above , non ?
cool . thanks .
come on , you're kidding , right ?
I'll be in the office very shortly . My converstation with Fielder ( SCE SVP I've been talking to about the PX credit ) yesterday afternoon regarding the settlement was not very fulfilling: he said there's still disagreement about what they owe us for the PX credit he made a point to include in our conversation the provision in the settlement that requires Edison to "cooperate" with the AG and the PUC in litigation against generators/marketers I told him that we needed to get the payment issue resolved very quickly . He said that they needed a day or two to regroup and that they intended to call each and every creditor to discuss next steps . Michael: I call you soon as I get in--next 15-30 minutes . Best , Jeff
Thanks very much .
Agreed . Karen , can you and I talk briefly before you call Ken ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
got message . call when u can . 415.782.7822 . jeff
would you like me to participate ?
Just give me a call . you want to shoot for 10:30 my time ?
i'll be here . just give a call .
have him call sue mara at 415.782.7802 .
Much happened yesterday--wow!--and at least for now , it appears that Loretta has let the Legislature off the hook--appears that the PUC is still a fairly potent institution . But it also appears that what had been ( a foreseeable and avoidable ) energy crisis , is now by and large a pretty messy state fiscal and political crisis for our good friends in Sacramento , so I don't think that legislators , irrespective of their wishes , can avoid staying involved . Add 18XX to the mix and the signing/veto process generally , and , well , Sacramento still seems pretty darned relevant . As such , we will have our regularly scheduled call tomorrow at 11:30 . Best , Jeff
No rush . Whenever it's convenient for you . Just let me know , and let me when you need the check and for how much . Kisses , Jeff Go Giants ! Go Barry ! PS Just wait'll next year !
Got your message . Call when can . You at the Supremes now ? jeff
If you want to go to the game,you should definitely go , since I'l likely be doing homework sunday night anyway . You should go . Should be a lot of fun .
Prentice is working at google and i'm not sure that she gets email . try calling her on her cell phone . I bet she'd likely like to go to the 49ers game ( though who knows , she's a BIG raiders fan now that jerry's there) .
Thanks . Interesting .
Thanks . I have to clear with Calger first . Also left a message with Kean re: same . May be that we give the idea to the large customers and they run with it so no fingerprints on our part . I'm going to sketch out a proposal and pass it around for people to swipe at . I'm for severing IF Riordan loses ( you think he can win?) . You going to the Astros/Giants game tonite . Hopefully they'll actually throw a strike to Bonds tonite . Best , Jeff
Am I reading this right ? The gas contracts are $5B out of the money ( from CA's perspective) ? Are they straight gas deals ?
Edison To Repay Creditors 'Immediately,' But No Date Yet LOS ANGELES -(Dow Jones)- Embattled utility Southern California Edison expects to pay all creditors "immediately," but the Edison International ( EIX ) unit does not have a specific date of when its debt payments will begin , said John Bryson , chairman and chief executive of Edison International . "We intend to pay all of our creditors," Bryson said Wednesday in a call with reporters . "But we do not have a specific date." Southern California Edison and the California Public Utilities Commission struck a deal Tuesday that will allow the utility to pay off $3.3 billion of its $3.9 billion debt through existing retail electricity rates . Both parties settled a year-old lawsuit Southern California Edison filed against the PUC--otherwise known as a filed rate doctrine--that could have ended a retail rate freeze and allowed the utility to recover more than $5 billion in wholesale power costs from ratepayers . The settlement must still be approved by a federal court judge . A ruling is expected by Thursday . Bryson indicated that the utility may try to negotiate with some large generators , owed nearly $1 billion , to accept less than 100 cents on the dollar for money the companies are owed . "There is no deal between us and the generators at this point," Bryson said . "We will engage promptly" in settlement discussions . "We are eager to work it out in a tough minded and fair way." Ted Craver , Edison's chief financial officer , said the utility has between $2.4 and $2.5 billion cash-on-hand and about $3.9 billion in debt . Bryson said the utility does not expect its credit ratings to be restored to investment grade "immediately." "We've had some discussions with the credit rating agencies," Bryson said . "But no one expects it to be restored immediately . It's going to take some time." Bryson added that the utility will seek new lending opportunites , but he did not elaborate . Stephen Frank , president of Southern California Edison , said the utility would sit down with all of its creditors and work out a payment plan . Bryson said the utility believes that all of its debt can be paid off by the end of 2003 . He did not say how much money from retail rates would be carved out for paying off Southern California Edison's debt . The utility's debt rose to $6.35 billion , according to a recent Securities and Exchange filing . "In the month of October we generated about $300 million" from retail rates . But Bryson said he could not estimate how much of that will be set aside to pay creditors . The utility and the PUC both said rates will not have to increase beyond the record rate hikes state regulators ordered earlier this year . Bryson said the utility has no intention of taking over the state's long-term power supply contracts as a result of the deal with the PUC . Fearing the state legislature wouldn't support a bill to rescue Southern Califoria Edison after six months of wrangling , advisers to Gov . Gray Davis and Edison executives began negotiating with the state's Public Utilities Commission on a settlement of a year-old lawsuit the utility filed to force the commission to raise rates enough to cover its power costs . The negotiations with the PUC were kept secret from state lawmakers in case a settlement couldn't be reached , Davis aides and Edison executives said . The end result , Edison and the commission said , is a deal that will allow the utility to work out a plan to pay off its creditors and keep Southern California Edison from following PG&E Corp . ( PCG ) unit Pacific Gas & Electric into bankruptcy .
Thank you Robert for pointing that out . I think there is/will be an opportunity--if we can ever get paid , and if we can ever comfortable from a credit standpoint--and my apologies for not having flagged that sooner . Too many balls.........in the air . Best , Jeff
Don't hate me for sending a note . What do you think ? "California made two big mistakes: First , they never made a market . They didn't deregulate . They just re-regulated the failed monopoly structure they'd been living with for decades . Second , when the first mistake led to an energy crisis , California's leaders didn't stop , learn from their mistakes , and get deregulation right . Instead , they blamed everyone but themselves , including Enron . Those mistakes led to the nightmare California's been living for over a year now , and they still California still has woken up." "Enron's the model of the virtual organization . Whether the problem's in California , or India or Sweden , Enron creates the virtual organization needed to solve the problem . That's what we did in California . Houston is definitely the brain , but you need all the other limbs and organs to function well . What makes the "virtual" part of it work is a committed management team , great technology and an incredible team of talented , flexible folks from across the company . That allowed us to coordinate extremely well under challenging conditions . It's been a great experience."
Attached is a draft agenda for tomorrow's meeting . If there's anything we've missed , we can amend the agenda prior to starting tomorrow . Best , Jeff
Thanks very much for your help on this .
Thanks a millino for your help .
I can make it .
Sue's will be in Houston for this , but will there be a call-in number to tap into for some of the discussion ? Thanks a lot . Best , Jeff
that would be great .
Golf , please . Though the horses sounds very inviting ! Thanks a bunch . Best , Jeff
FYI .
If you haven't heard , SoCal's announced their abandoning windows for OFOs . They're holding "workshops" on how it will all work soon . I'll get you the announcement . Best , Jeff
Listening to the Edison call w/investors Edison says they will pay everyone at the same time ( "big bang" approach ) sometime in Q1'02 . My concern is that between now and then Dunn , the AG have the time and resources to make a heckuvalot of mischief , which could be detrimental to generators/marketers' claims . Investors are asking what Edison intends for QFs and generators--asking about haircuts in particular--and Edison is side-stepping the questions .
Great . Figured they'd contacted them , but wanted to make sure . You know when the meeting with schedulers will be ? I apologize , I'm on the road and haven't heard when that will be . I'm thinking that I may want to attend . Thanks . Best , Jeff
Thanks . I guess Davis' people think that we'll back off if they put someone from Texas in charge . Perhaps they're looking for someone who knows Pat Wood . Be useful to find out if she knows him . Best , Jeff
If you're referring to the Tues/Thur call , we've talked some and thought we'd go to once per week with Sacramento folks having the option of callling in , since the Legislature's gone until January . You have thoughts on the Monday call ? That one may not be as critical anymore . Best , Jeff
Dan Walters: As California's malaise deepens , Gray Davis' standing plummets ( Published Oct . 7 , 2001 ) A year ago , Gray Davis was riding high -- because Californians were prosperous , confident about their future and thus supportive of the political status quo . Davis' high approval ratings had little to do with his actual performance , or any personal affection among Californians for their cool and distant governor . He was just the fortunate beneficiary of good times and good feelings . Today , a dark cloud has descended on the state . A sharp decline in the economy , particularly high-tech sectors , a stubborn energy crisis and , most recently , the terrorist hijackings and murderous crashes of California-bound airliners have left Californians worried about their personal safety and economic security , and they're looking for someone to blame . Davis' approval ratings began to decline early this year as the energy crisis hit home and it became apparent that he had failed to take the initiative in heading off the worst aspects of the situation . And they have continued to sag , thus presenting the governor with a series of interlocking tests as he begins his campaign for re-election in 13 months . The seriousness of Davis' decline was underscored late last month in a statewide Field Poll indicating that , at the moment , most California voters would prefer former Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan to Davis . History indicates that Davis should still be favored to win a second term , but if Riordan does become the Republican candidate , he would have at least an outside chance of unseating Davis . Davis' chief problem is that he will be running for re-election in what will almost certainly be sharply declining economic circumstances , the product of a slowdown already under way and the plummeting consumer confidence in the wake of the terrorist hijackings . State tax revenues are in a nosedive , running a billion dollars under projections in the first three months of the fiscal year , and Davis will be compelled to make multibillion-dollar slashes in state spending that will irritate important constituent groups . How big the state budget hole will become is anyone's guess . There's a distinct tendency for state revenues to plummet far faster and further in an economic downturn than official forecasts , just as they rise faster and higher in a recovery than the bean counters project . Some analysts believe that Davis' problem could rival the $14 billion deficit that predecessor Pete Wilson confronted in 1991 . Wilson swallowed hard and agreed to the largest state tax increase in American history . However large the state's fiscal problem may be , it will be much , much larger if the state money Davis spent on power purchases this year cannot be recovered from a proposed bond issue . And the $12.5 billion bond issue is on indefinite hold because the Public Utilities Commission , consumer groups and Pacific Gas and Electric are opposing the administration's demand that past and future power purchases be covered by ratepayers without review . It's apparent now that the long-term contracts the administration signed are much too expensive , which is why Davis' own appointees to the PUC are balking . Davis could try to renegotiate the contracts , but that would be admitting that he and his advisers erred in the first place . Or he could accept the Legislature's proposal , contained in legislation on his desk , that only past power purchases be guaranteed and that future contracts be subjected to the scrutiny that private utilities' purchases must receive . But Davis is insisting that he'll veto the measure . The effect of the current flap over bonds and power contracts , as well as Davis' months-long effort to provide a bailout for financially strapped Southern California Edison , and his lackadaisical performance earlier in the energy game , will undermine the governor's claim for a second term . He comes across as someone who dithered when he should have acted , and signed too-expensive contracts even as the power market was contracting . That , and Californians' increasing apprehension about their future , will make his re-election a much dicier prospect than he had envisioned . The Bee's Dan Walters can be reached at ( 916 ) 321-1195 or dwalters@sacbee.com . 
St . Louis-15
No problem . Thanks for the update . You know how to reach me when you've got it pulled together . Best , Jeff
Is there any question ? I'll leave to Steve to structure the deal . As I recall , Montavano , Shapiro and I usually make up one team , but I'm willing to switch around a bit . Best , Jeff
We should resurrect Mike Smith's note and get him on the call in the attempt to avoid recreating the wheel on this one . I can dig it up if you'd like .
Sounds good .
Please note name of venue .
Did you get everything you need for the update ? If not , don't hesitate to give me a call . Best , Jeff
Thanks so much for the Storybook wine . Extremely sweet of you , and we really appreciate it . I gave Eldon the check for it . Man , did we get CREAMED in the pool . Sigh... . Best , Jeff
Just wanted to make sure that you have seen the announcement about the move , the meeting ( on the 18th ) they're having to explain and the brief description . If not , let me know and I'll fax it to you . And unless you have any objections , I'm seriously considering attending the meeting , since this has been one of the biggest problems we've had in the gas industry in California . Let me know . Best , Jeff
Thank you very much for your kind voicemail . Unfortunately for Gov't Affairs , unless Steve and Rick have other plans , you all are stuck with me since I love working for Enron ( even in California!) . Bizarre rumor , the origins of which baffle me... . Thanks again for the sweet voicemail . And holy moly , sounds like you and Christi are going to be extremely busy at FERC . Best , Jeff
Thanks for the response . I think that I've got it cleared up . I'm assuming that the time for our case write is "the present," i.e. , September 2001 . If I've got that wrong , let me know . Best , Jeff
I would have been happy to let you have it . You still can , you know . Just let me know ( though we love to keep it) . We're allegedly going to the dome this weekend , so perhaps we could pick it up on our way back on Sunday . But if that's a bother , don't worry about it--we can do it another time . And what about those 9-ers ?
Greetings . Heard that Barry might in California this week ? Someone mentioned there may be attempts to meet with DWR . Just checking , since DWR seems to be radioactive these days . Best , Jeff
FYI . In case you hadn't heard , the " bailout" that Edison struck with the California PUC would allow Edison to spend up to $250MM "to hedge fuel cost risks associated with SCE's Utility Retained Generation and QF and interutility contracts."
I would bet that we'll be there . I'll bring my check book . Is the 97 cab $32 retail ? If it is , it's worth it . With Barry doing what he did , getting to the playoffs was icing on the cake . But , man , that Friday night game was a heart-breaker . We'll see you Sunday ! Kisses , Jeff
I apologize . My schedule went crazy . But I will have the update for you first thing in the morning . Promise . Best , Jeff
Thanks . Boy , am I glad I've sat on that '94 cab . Wow !
Jean: Pebble Beach sounds great . Let me know when you can fit it in your schedule . Give me a call when you have a minute and we can decide how to arrange a meeting . Greatly appreciate your help . Best , Jeff
Elizabeth: Let me know it this works , or if you need anything else . Best , Jeff Fallout in California PG&E remains in bankruptcy The company's proposed plan of reorganization places the bulk of its gas and electric assets under FERC jurisdiction , leaving distribution under control of the California PUC The California PUC and Edison reached agreement designed to keep Edison out of bankruptcy On the heels of a failed legislative effort to return Edison to solvency , the California PUC has agreed to a rate plan to permit Edison to pay its creditors The Davis administration still can't agree on a plan to use utility rates to reimburse the State's General Fund and pay for long-term power contracts California used about $12.5 billion of taxpayer dollars to buy power on behalf of the state's cash-strapped utilities and signed more than $45 billion in long-term contracts Unless California devises a plan to finance its foray into the energy business , California could turn its energy crisis into a fiscal crisis California suspends the only successful piece of its failed restructuring scheme--customer choice Fearful that customers will find better prices for power than it can provide , the State decided to temporarily suspend Direct Access in California and force customers to remain with the utility The suspension is very controversial , prompting market participants to threaten litigation in the attempt to get Direct Access reinstated in California
got message . will call u shortly . jeff
Dan Walters: Davis vs . Lynch -- or is the feud a charade to shield the governor ? When Gov . Gray Davis named political operative Loretta Lynch to the state Public Utilities Commission -- and insisted that she become the PUC's president as well -- it was in keeping with Davis' long-established mode of personally controlling major political levers . All of that occurred , however , before California was plunged into the "energy crisis," an infuriatingly complex amalgam of politics , economics , power supply and distribution , and such uncontrollable factors as the weather . When the first strains were felt 1 1/2 years ago , Davis and Lynch reacted , as one might expect , in tandem and , as later experience proved , poorly . They refused , in effect , to intercede with some steps -- such as long-term , low-price supply contracts and perhaps small rate increases -- that would have prevented the situation from deteriorating into a crisis . Last January , when the financial plight of the privately owned utilities brought the threat of major power blackouts , Davis and Lynch were forced to act . But within a couple of months , the previously inseparable partners began cleaving apart , at least publicly . At Lynch's behest , the PUC enacted a stiff rate increase while Davis claimed that she and the PUC had acted on their own , without his knowledge . It was widely seen at the time as a ploy , one that would bring about a rate boost that every authority knew was necessary , without forcing Davis to publicly change position . Since then , the two have continued to act in seemingly divergent ways . The PUC stepped into the political stalemate over Southern California Edison , for example , working up a secret deal that apparently will protect the utility from bankruptcy without having to win legislative approval . And the PUC has opposed the authority sought by the Davis administration to finance bonds that would pay for past and future state power purchases . Administration officials are publicly critical of Lynch and the PUC and circulate stories that Davis considers her to be an impediment . One version had Davis dumping her as president of the PUC in favor of a friendlier member . And PUC officials insist that Lynch is just acting to preserve the historic independence of the agency , first created nearly a century ago as a bulwark against the out-of-control Southern Pacific railroad . A lengthy article in Monday's Los Angeles Times traced the history of the Davis-Lynch relationship and , in effect , endorsed the conventional wisdom that the two erstwhile political allies had grown apart under the strain of the energy crisis . That may be true , but the intensity with which that interpretation of events is being peddled makes one suspicious that it's just another ploy aimed at protecting the governor's backside from the fallout of his less-than-deft handling of the energy situation . Polls indicate that it's the primary reason why his public approval rating has dropped dramatically this year , thus making his re-election next year less than certain . By doing the deal on Edison -- supposedly without Davis' knowledge -- Lynch saved the governor from a huge embarrassment . He had gone to the mat for the utility but was rebuffed by a Legislature dominated by his own party . He had called a special legislative session on Edison but had been told that he would lose again . Holding up approval of the administration's bond-power contract scheme is often cited as the most powerful evidence of a schism between Davis and Lynch , but she may be doing the governor a big favor in that arena as well . The contracts signed by the administration are much too expensive and , if implemented , will cost ratepayers billions of extra dollars over the next decade . Davis needs to dump them , but if he acts directly , he'll have to admit that he made a mistake . If the PUC continues to hold up the necessary authority , he can use that as a lever to force suppliers into whittling down prices , or even abandoning the contracts altogether -- without having to take responsibility for reneging . Maybe Davis and Lynch are feuding , but it could all just be a charade to fool the public and protect the governor .
Power providers cry foul over fees State is accused of improper billing Electricity suppliers long accused of manipulating California's energy market are turning the tables on the state , saying its independent grid manager is forcing them to make up the cost of bad energy deals signed by Gov . Gray Davis' administration . The power traders accuse the Independent System Operator -- which is legally required to act as an impartial market manager -- of improperly helping state power buyers spread out the cost of high-priced electricity contracts . Energy firms as well as municipal utility systems have complained about mysterious charges on their accounts with the grid agency , said Jan Smutney- Jones of the Independent Energy Producers Association , which represents such industry giants as Enron , Dynegy , Williams and Reliant . The charges showed up around the time the state Department of Water Resources was forced to start selling excess electricity it had purchased at an average of $69 per megawatt hour for as little as $1 per megawatt hour . "The ISO seems to be following specific instructions the Department of Water Resources is giving them," Smutney-Jones said . An industry source said NRG Energy Inc . and other suppliers were preparing a formal complaint to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission , which could order the state to issue refunds to generators if it finds they have been improperly charged . The commission has ordered an unprecedented operational audit of the grid management agency . State officials bought power under long-term contracts when it appeared California could suffer serious power shortages over the summer . Instead , the state had more than enough power , and electricity available on the spot market suddenly cost half as much as the energy California had bought . Gary Ackerman of the Western Power Trading Forum , an industry group , said the grid operator was using a combination of power scheduling and billing practices to "bury" some of the cost of power purchased by the state in the accounts of other generators . "The state is the biggest buyer and seller of electricity , and they control the governing board of the ISO," Ackerman said . The governor's spokesman , Steve Maviglio , called the power firms' accusations "absolutely false" and said the generators were trying to whip up sentiment in Washington to interfere with the state's affairs . "The generators know they'll get a much better deal at FERC headquarters in Washington than they will in Sacramento," Maviglio said . "It shouldn't be a surprise that they make these accusations here to get federal involvement." Oscar Hidalgo , a spokesman for the Department of Water Resources , said generators could hardly cast themselves as victims in California's energy crisis . "I don't feel sorry for them one bit," Hidalgo said . "They had one heck of a year." Gregg Fishman , spokesman for the ISO said the agency was preparing a response to the accusations . Energy trade organizations said they suspected the ISO of using several mechanisms to charge suppliers for state contract costs . The extra expense is sometimes tacked on to suppliers' bills for ISO operating costs , which all electricity sellers in California share , Ackerman said . Some firms say they have tried to buy cheap spot market electricity for resale , only to find later that the grid manager has charged them for more expensive state power . Others say the grid operator orders them to activate stand-by power units on too-short notice . When they can't comply , they say , the ISO brings high-priced state power on line and bills them for the extra cost . The accusations are part of a struggle for control of California's grid . In January , Davis disbanded the ISO's 26-member governing board , which was chaired by Smutney-Jones , after some critics said it was too cozy with industry . Davis appointed his own five-member board . In February , then-FERC Chairman Curt Hebert said the new board had become "a political arm of the governor." The commission is trying to get California to turn over its grid to a multistate transmission organization . Davis has warned Washington to "keep its hands off" the ISO .
Dear Ms DSL: Looks like no DWR meeting this week . Thanks for the tip . Best , Jeff
Oh , they're trying alright...but we have conflict with the consultant they've hired . I'll fill you in another time . ( DWR is radioactive , though , and we shouldn't be doing any deals with them right now. )
Rick: Based on your voicemail , here's a quick-and-dirty synopsis of a proposal that I've been quietly discussing with a select few out here in California ( e.g. , John White , large customers) . It could include more bells and whistles , but the intent of this proposal is to get DA back as soon as possible . Reduce DWR L-T contract volumes by at least 33-50% To "back fill" increase in net-short created by contract reformation , permit noncore customers ( 20 KW and above ) to elect to go DA to fill the position DA provides a significantly more efficient hedge against price volatility than DWR contracts Election is first-come , first-serve , capped at the aggregate net short position Customers decision to go DA will constitute a 3-year commitment to stay DA ( i.e. , can't go back to IOU for 3 yrs; must stay in the market ) If a net short position remains after noncore customers have elected DA ( i.e. , not enough elect to fill the net short) , then the IOUs will hold an auction to fill the net short The auction would seek a portfolio of 3 month , 6 month , 1 year and 3 year deals ( both peak and off-peak ) to fill the net short . Noncore customers choosing DA would not escape costs of DWR power consumed when the customer was receiving utility service ( i.e. , prior to electing DA ) Likewise , if the noncore customers choosing DA was a utility customer during the period when the utility accured its "undercollection," ( i.e. , when wholesale prices exceeded the retail cap) , the customer would not escape those costs by virtue of electing DA status Noncore customers would not bear responsibility for recovery of DWR L-T contracts . Potential add-on to deal: Core customers ( less than 20 KW ) could choose "green only" DA , but , like , noncore customers could not escape costs for which they are responsible .
de nada
See your email re: contract/DA fix . I'm in office . Jeff
Mike Day and I talked . Mike agreed that there's "elbow room" in PUC regulations that would allow PG&E to do the financial swap we talked about late yesterday without having to get regulatory approval . However , Mike also agreed that there's some risk ( moderate to low in our view ) that the PUC could try to ding the utility--for whatever reason--next time it goes under review as part of its general rate case . In the end , PG&E will have to decide whether doing the financial with us is--in PG&E's view--overly aggressive or not from a regulatory perspective . In short , doesn't seem to be any real downside in raising it and seeing how PG&E responds . If this doesn't answer the question sufficiently , let me know . Best , Jeff
yes .
As things change , so do call schedules . We conferred and have recommend that: There will not be a call this week . Beginning next week , the call will take place once per week , on Wednesdays , at the same time ( 11:30 AM PDT) , same call-in number ( we hope) . Until the next legislative session starts up , the call will be optional for the gang in Sacramento . If you have any alternative suggestions , questions , and/or comments , please let me know . And please forward to others who need/would like to know . Best , Jeff
Thanks very much .
Only if you still agree to be surprised.. .
Thanks . One other question , which seems like a legal question . Assume that Enron openly advocates for the PUC to apply the charges to all customers , including ours , understanding that our customers neither benefited from or caused the charges . If the PUC does it , and we go back to our customers and claim that an indirect tax has been applied , are we in any kind of bind for having pushed for it ? I'm hoping that the answer is no . Thanks for the info . Best , Jeff
got it .
I'll check on reviving the unbundling , but I think they've begged off of that for now . In their most recent BCAP , they do propose to implement a customer-only open season on their backbone . You have that proposal ? And having SoCal buy for SDG&E seems somewhat likely . I can check on that . Best , Jeff
knock 'em dead , buddy . jeff
It seems that since we've already contributed , we're invited . Given where Davis' numbers have gone recently , Riordan's imminent announcement and potential , and the fact that the Rs have played it about as well as could be expected under the circumstances ( save for Morrow , who we may want to bring up with Brulte if the lunch is attended , this could be a useful gathering . And it doesn't require crossing the border into California , to boot . Best , Jeff
Hey , I haven't seen you at all and have been thinking about you . Just wanted to check in and see how things are going . Hope you are well and things are going swimmingly . Best , Jeff
Hey , Jean . Man , who don't you know?? ? Anyway , I'm sorry to bug you , but I'd like to try to get a meeting with Ms Doll ASAP . If there's anyway that we can manage that , I'd , of course , be eternally indebted . Best , Jeff
Another defeat for Davis . Tough break . Is the judge's proposed decision available ? Best , Jeff FERC Judge Urges Dismissal Of Calif Complaint Vs El Paso WASHINGTON -(Dow Jones)- An administrative law judge has recommended the U.S . Federal Energy Regulatory Commission dismiss a complaint alleging El Paso Corp . ( EPG ) manipulated the market for natural gas sales into California .  The ruling in the high-profile , politically charged case was a setback for California ,  which had sought to hold El Paso financially accountable not only for higher natural gas prices , but also for the resulting higher electricity prices in a state heavily dependent upon gas-fired power plants . "While . . . El Paso Pipeline and El Paso Merchant had the ability to exercise market power , the record in this case isn't at all clear that they in fact exercised market power," Curtis Wagner , FERC's chief administrative law judge , concluded in an initial decision forwarded to the commission late Tuesday . The California Public Utilities Commission , which filed the complaint against El Paso , said later Tuesday that it would appeal Wagner's decision on market manipulation . In a small victory for the state , Wagner did find that El Paso officials violated FERC's "standards of conduct" rules barring the sharing of market-sensitive information between pipeline companies and their natural-gas marketing affiliates . "El Paso Corp. , El Paso Pipeline , and El Paso Merchant are guilty of affiliate abuse," Wagner concluded . "There was a dialogue between the pipeline affiliates and the marketing affiliate that gave an unfair advantage to the bidding" by the marketing unit for El Paso pipeline capacity into California ,  Wagner said . FERC had dismissed the issue of affiliate abuse on March 28 without a hearing . At Wagner's request , the commission later agreed to reopen the issue during a hearing into the market-manipulation complaint . The proceeding , which began April 4 and concluded August 6 , resulted in a hearing record of 32 volumes and totaled 5,573 pages , while 515 exhibits were entered into evidence , Wagner reported . "The briefs measured approximately one linear foot," he said . Contracting With Affiliates At issue are contracts worth $38.5 million that El Paso's marketing unit entered into with its pipeline affiliate to secure 1.2 billion cubic feet per day of firm transportation capacity into California from March 2000 through June 2001 . California argued El Paso had used its control of pipeline space to limit the supply of gas into the state and boost prices . The contract period coincided with an unprecedented period of power-market volatility , in which skyrocketing natural gas costs contributed to extreme spikes in electricity prices that ultimately rendered the state's utilities insolvent . The judge found that the contracts gave El Paso Merchant more than a 35% market share , the market-power threshold under FERC's merger guidelines , based on his interpretation of the relevant market . El Paso had argued for the higher antitrust-law threshold of 50% , but Wagner ruled that the lower standard should apply . But while that market share gave El Paso the "ability to exercise market power," Wagner said , "it is not at all clear from the record in the proceeding that El Paso Merchant and El Paso Pipeline exercised market power." The record offers only mixed support for allegations by the CPUC and utilities in the state that El Paso withheld gas supplies to drive up prices , Wagner said . From March through October 2000 , El Paso's capacity utilization rate was about half the rate of other shippers , while for the remainder of the contract , the full capacity was used . Wagner concluded that El Paso's compliance with FERC rules requiring companies that control pipeline capacity to offer unused capacity to other shippers constituted an effective check against market power . Improper Communications Seen Where the state scored a win was in the second phase of the hearing , where Wagner heard evidence on allegations of affiliate abuse . Wagner cited telephone records and correspondence to conclude that El Paso violated FERC rules requiring pipelines and affiliated marketers to operate independently of one another . The rules also restrict communications between pipeline operating personnel and affiliated marketers . Transcripts of telephone conversations between pipeline and marketing employees of El Paso "demonstrate blatant collusion . . . to keep secret a discount for service" on El Paso's Mojave system until the open season was over in which Merchant was bidding for the pipeline capacity on the sister pipeline , Wagner said , including the transcripts in his opinion . Wagner determined that the transcript offered a "prima facie" case of affiliate abuse , and urged El Paso to present witnesses to rebut his finding . But El Paso declined to present the witnesses , the opinion noted . Wagner also cited a confidential memorandum to William Wise , El Paso's chief executive , from the head of El Paso Merchant as contributing to his conclusion that El Paso and its pipeline and marketing affiliates "were in clear violation" of FERC's affiliate-abuse rules . El Paso replied in a statement that the commission had considered the same evidence and found no abuse in its March 28 ruling . The commission would commit a "legal error" if it adopted the judge's views , the company said . The parties have 30 days to file briefs taking exception to the judge's findings . The commission can either accept or reject the judge's findings . However the commission ultimately rules in the case , it is expected to end up appealed before a federal appeals court .
Thanks . Any word yet on how well Jim's crushing the arguments of the monopolists in DC ?
FYI . Sue Mara is the GA lead and is working with the ESP and customer groups to respond to ( and if at all possible , work with ) the utilities . Best , Jeff
FYI . Utility recent submissions to PUC regarding DASR process under 09.20.01 DA suspension . Best , Jeff
thanks .
Love to go to lunch . Maybe Friday ? If not Friday , let's try next week .
Hey , I just peeked at our stock , and just wanted to say thank you .
FYI . In its letter to the Commission , Edison estimates that , as of 09.20.01 , 13-16% of its load will be DA . Best , Jeff
FYI .
ditto . sounds good .
FYI . I don't know if this means that Sue and I both get a ticket , or if there's only one . If someone from Houston--or another office--is interested , we'd be happy to accommodate . Otherwise , I'm sure that we'll take full advantage of the opporunity . Just let us know . Best , Jeff
Not a problem . Thanks for the info . I've got a couple more questions . I'll call you in a bit . Thanks again . Jeff
thanks .
California's $12.5 Bln Bond Sale May Be Salvaged , Official Says Sacramento , California , Oct . 10 ( Bloomberg ) -- California's $12.5 billion bond sale to cover energy costs may win approval if Governor Gray Davis agrees to seek revisions of existing power contracts , a state regulatory official said . The bond sale stalled last week when the California Public Utilities Commission voted 4-1 against a plan to repay the state's power costs using utility rates . The commissioners favor another approach , opposed by Davis , that would give them more authority over the state's $43 billion of power contracts . Some commissioners ``would probably be amenable to the rate agreement if there was movement on the governor's part to renegotiate those contracts,'' said Geoffrey Brown , who was appointed to the PUC by Davis . ``We're not just sitting around waiting for the sky to fall . There's got to be some give here.'' Moody's Investors Service on Friday said California's $31.6 billion of debt may be downgraded for the second time this year , in part because of the delayed bond sale . California's budget deficit in fiscal 2003 may reach $9.3 billion if energy costs aren't repaid , state Treasurer Philip Angelides said . The state has spent $10.4 billion since January buying electricity on behalf of PG&E Corp . and Edison International utilities , which are insolvent . Davis `Willing to Discuss' ``It takes two to tango and we are certainly willing to discuss the contracts,'' said Steve Maviglio , the governor's spokesman . Davis will consider Brown's offer , ``especially in context'' of any refunds from generators that may be ordered , Maviglio said . State officials claim power generators have charged too much , and are asking federal regulators to order refunds . Power generators are ``willing to discuss it , but I wouldn't want anybody to have any false promise or hope that any enormous change will come from this,'' said Gary Ackerman , executive director of the Western Power Trading Forum , a group representing power sellers . Any companies willing to talk ``might want something else in return , and who knows what that might be.'' The planned bond sale , the largest municipal debt sale in U.S . history , would repay the state's general fund for a $6.1 billion power loan and cover other power costs . The sale has been delayed by the disagreements among state leaders . Under state law , the PUC is required to provide enough revenue from consumer rates to meet the bond payments and cover power contracts . The Department of Water Resources , the state agency buying the power , has sole authority to determine its revenue needs . PUC President Loretta Lynch and others said an irrevocable financing order would make it difficult for the state to renegotiate power contracts . They also said the DWR has been given too much authority . In the past , the PUC has set utility rates . ``It gives a blank check to the DWR for anything that they want to do going forward,'' said California Senate President Pro Tempore John Burton . The commissioners favor a plan to back the bonds with a surcharge on utility customers' bills . The proposal would let the PUC review the water department's revenue requirements and require a public hearing on the allocation of costs among the utilities . Davis opposes that plan . ``It's dead on arrival . It's still going to be vetoed,'' said Maviglio . The governor has until Sunday to sign or veto all the bills sent to him during the last session . The new plan would expose the state to breach-of-contract claims , the governor's office said in a statement last week . The state agreed with power generators to pay energy contracts before repaying the bonds . Making a change now ``would eliminate the security on which the power sellers relied'' the governor's office said in the statement . Critics of the long-term power contracts say the state's economy will be hurt by above-market costs for years to come . No matter which approach the state takes , ``the government ought to try to renegotiate the contracts anyway,'' Burton said . ``And some of the generators have said they're willing to do it.''
keep up the good work ! Sue's got it covered . But I'll be there soon enough . You know , I just received this note . Wonder if something's wrong with the network . Best , Jeff
PG&E utility reorganization draws fire in Calif SAN FRANCISCO , Oct 10 ( Reuters ) - PG&E Corp.'s plan to reorganize its bankrupt Pacific Gas & Electric unit , California's biggest utility , is coming under fire as a bid to dodge state regulation . Critics said that with California beginning to emerge from a two-year energy crisis triggered by a failed deregulation law that drowned the state's utilities in red ink , now is no time to abandon state oversight . Loretta Lynch , president of the California Public Utilities Commission ( CPUC) , called the plan "a regulatory jailbreak" and "a corporate shell game to evade proper state regulation" by transferring assets to unregulated PG&E affiliates . The reorganization plan would split the parent company and its utility into stand-alone companies , transferring the hydro network , Diablo Canyon nuclear power plant and gas and electric transmission systems to unregulated units of parent PG&E . The utility would continue to own and operate local gas and power distribution grids serving about 13 million customers . The plan would allow all valid creditor claims to be paid without the need for a rate increase or state bailout , said Bob Glynn , chairman , president and chief executive of PG&E . It would provide creditors with about $9.1 billion in cash and $4.1 billion in notes . EYE ON HYDRO SYSTEM One of the concerns arising from the plan is how Pacific Gas & Electric would continue to manage its hydroelectric properties , which make up the world's largest privately held hydropower system . Elected officials from 28 counties in PG&E's sprawling hydro watershed in central and northern California will meet Friday to weigh actions on the reorganization plan filed at the San Francisco federal bankruptcy court Sept . 20 . The Regional Council of Rural Counties is worried about who will safeguard the environmental health of the hydro system's rivers and lakes that are the foundation for fishing , boating and tourism in an area that sprawls across about two-thirds of the state , council vice president Wes Lujan told Reuters . PG&E spokesman Jon Tremayne said the hydro system , nuclear reactors and transmission systems would continue to be regulated by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission or the Nuclear Regulatory Commission . The utility also would continue to get power from plants it now owns under a 12-year deal at 5 cents per kilowatt hour . But State Attorney General Bill Lockyer said he is looking closely at the plan because of "serious concerns the utility is seeking to evade further scrutiny by the CPUC" and avoid state laws on the asset transfers . Lockyer said that in the past , PG&E had used CPUC oversight as a shield against federal scrutiny . Despite PG&E's claim that the CPUC has no jurisdiction on the transfer of power and transmission assets to the parent , CPUC chief counsel Gary Cohen said the agency's approval is required under state law . "PG&E's goal is clear . They want to transfer most of the utility's valuable assets to an affiliate company , at fire sale prices , so that they will no longer be subject to any state regulation . It is a deregulation plan , not a reorganization plan," Cohen said . "PG&E's plan conflicts with California's interest to have a more stable and regulated energy system . Deregulation has failed the public , and we will look at every opportunity to put down this attempt to solve the failure of deregulation with more deregulation," said Doug Heller , of consumer advocate The Foundation for Taxpayer and Consumer Rights . PG&E's Tremayne said the plan makes the most sense for California because units of PG&E would continue to own and manage power production and transmission . Tremayne said , however , the reorganization plan does not bar a future sale to another company . PG&E's plan would give the utility $4.5 billion from the asset transfers to help pay off about $13 billion in debts , including $9 billion in unrecovered power purchase costs . The CPUC's Cohen and consumer groups said PG&E should receive far more than $4.5 billion from the assets . They point to the value of the hydro network . Last fall , the utility dropped a plan to sell the hydro system to its parent for $2.8 billion because the system was "undervalued in today's market" and could fetch a much higher price through an auction . The PG&E utility and Edison International's Southern California Edison utility amassed billions of dollars of debt because the deregulation law prevented them from passing steep wholesale power prices to their customers . SoCal Edison and the CPUC reached a deal Oct . 2 to keep the utility out of the bankruptcy court and pay off its creditors .
Jean: We're on the job , trying to get the number . It's a little tricky , though ( you know how newly-created bureaucracies can be) . We'll get back to you soon as we have something . Best , Jeff
Thanks very much . Really appreciate your help .
Here's my take . Slash away at will . Sue , saw your notes , but didn't try to incorporate . You should add anything I've missed , got wrong , etc . Pulled it together quickly . Hope there aren't too many errors . And hope it helps . Best , Jeff
In case Linda didn't forward . Best , Jeff
I can be on . You want me to join ? Just let me know . You can call me on my cell phone 415.505.6633 . Best , Jeff
Sounds like a good outcome . Thanks . Best , Jeff
We did recommend using the DJ index . But subsequent to that , I believe we filed as part of the "ARM" coalition , recommending a bottom's-up approach . Is that right Sue ? However , I don't think it's accurate to say that we "withdrew" the DJ index recommendation . Both our original DJ recommendation , and the bottom's up recommendation , are still sitting at the PUC . I think that's how things currently stand . Best , Jeff
FYI . Hirsch apparently is a business reporter for the Times who got my name from people . He's doing a story about the contracts . Something like "they bought way too much for too high a price . Now what?" I told him that I would talk to him under the following conditions: No attribution to Enron specifically No attribution of the "unnamed sources" sort , "industry sources" or sort , etc . If , when the story's further along , he wants to try to get a quote from us , I'd put him in touch with our PR folks . We talked generally about DWR , the CA Power Authority , the contracts , the Edison deal with the PUC , etc . More specifically , he asked me "are there any alternatives to deal with this mess." I outlined the following proposal , which we've talked about internally , and which we've been quietly shopping behind the scenes . I did not bring up the "green only" DA for small customers piece of the proposal ( slipped my mind) . I also gave him names of other folks I thought he should talk to . He said he might get back to me . If he calls back , I'll let you know . Please let me know if anyone has any concerns 1 ) about talking to him on a backgound only basis , and/or 2 ) the proposal outlined below . Thanks . Best , Jeff
deepthroat is rather provocative , don't you think ? Hey , whatever you're doing , keep it up ! I don't know how you moved the stock from 24 to 37 , and I don't care . Keep it up ! Best , Jeff
Boy , I gotta tell you , the demands for those tickets are NOT pouring in . Hope the thing in D.C . went OK last week . Best , Jeff
Amusing if you're way up there in Portland... .
FYI . Nevada PUC Acts To Change Or Void Long-Term Pwr Contracts LOS ANGELES -(Dow Jones)- The Nevada Public Utilities Commission Wednesday voted to allow its General Counsel Office to take any action necessary to try to void or renegotiate long-term electricity contracts entered into by the state's two largest utilities , a PUC spokeswoman said . The contracts would force Sierra Pacific Resources' ( SRP ) utilities Sierra Pacific Power Co . and Nevada Power Co . to pay a higher price for power than current market rates , said Don Soderberg , PUC chairman . "We paid high prices when the prices were high , but to pay high prices when the prices are low is outrageous," Soderberg said . No one at Sierra Pacific or Nevada Power was available to comment on which companies have signed contracts with the utilities , or the value of the contracts . The PUC action follows a letter sent by Gov . Kenny Guinn to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission in early October asking that the utilities be allowed to renegotiate the contracts . The General Counsel's office will now have authority to file with FERC and in court to plead against the current contracts . Sierra Pacific has said that a June FERC order that capped wholesale power prices has penalized the company . Sierra Pacific signed its forward contracts to escape high spot market prices , only to have those contracts end up being more expensive than the capped spot market prices , the company has said . As well , if the company wants to sell any surplus power into the spot market , it will now receive less for that power under the cap , it has said . California 's Public Utilities Commission is also pushing for renegotiation of $43 billion in long-term contracts signed by the state , which has been buying power on behalf of cash-strapped utilities since January .
Davis devises new borrowing plan His executive order could speed up $12.5 billion in bond sales and bypass PUC oversight of repayment mechanism . SACRAMENTO -- Gov . Gray Davis is crafting a new plan to expedite the long-delayed borrowing of $12.5 billion to repay the sagging California state budget for emergency electricity it bought during the energy crisis . The plan -- which could be contained in an executive order as early as next week -- would minimize the role of the state's top power regulator , the Public Utilities Commission , which enraged Davis last week when it declined to sign off on his original plan . With enough power now under contract to avert blackouts and plans in place for the recovery of the two state's largest utilities , the repayment to the state treasury would resolve one of the last remaining issues of the energy crisis . "That is one scenario," Davis spokeswoman Hilary McLean said Wednesday when asked about the proposal . "There are a number of different scenarios being considered . Nothing has jelled yet that is ready to be publicly announced." Most involved in the debate have long agreed that the state should sell $12.5 billion in revenue bonds , most of which , about $9.6 billion , would go back into the state treasury . The issue was how to lock in a mechanism by which the bonds would be repaid - a critical step before they could be marketed to investors . Davis wanted the PUC to approve a plan that would repay the bonds and cover the state's energy costs through the revenues collected from ratepayers . But the PUC said the administration's proposal might prove inadequate over time , leading to future rate hikes . The PUC also said the administration's plan gave too much authority to the Davis-controlled Department of Water Resources , by allowing the department to raise electricity rates to get more revenue . The PUC , which is set up to be an independent board with the sole responsibility for setting utility rates , did not want to cede that authority . It rejected the Davis plan Oct . 2 on a 4-1 vote , led by its president , Davis appointee Loretta Lynch . Davis earlier said the commission's approval was necessary to reassure investors and get the bonds to market . The plan now under review , however , would bypass that . The DWR would not directly set rates , but under the Davis plan it would be charged with identifying how the money coming in from customers' utility bills over the next 20 years would be allocated - in effect , guaranteeing that paying back the bonds would have equal priority with paying back the suppliers of the energy . Proponents of the plan believe that would satisfy Wall Street . The administration believes it would require no additional rate hikes . Lynch said Wednesday that she had not been involved in the latest negotiations , but questioned whether Davis had the authority to issue an executive order allowing the DWR to get involved in setting rates . "I've been told for six months that the PUC was needed to pass a rate agreement . If the DWR can get the bonds sold by themselves , then great," Lynch said . "But to dedicate rates , it takes a financing order from the PUC or a statutory change in law , a statutory set-aside . It takes one of those two things." The governor is likely to announce the plan sometime following his expected veto of the bill that lays out the Legislature's version of the payback plan . By law , the governor has until Sunday to act on SB18xx , by Senate Leader John Burton , D-San Francisco . Davis opposes Burton's bill because it gives bond buyers priority in getting paid , followed by the energy suppliers . The power companies' contracts contain provisions giving them payment priority , which Davis believes could throw the contracts into legal dispute . If Davis signs the order soon , the bonds could go to market early next year . Having the proceeds in the state treasury by then is considered by some critical with the state facing a projected $4 billion to $6 billion shortfall in other income .
What's your zip at home in Napa ?
Steve: the decision we talked about yesterday is to cover DWR costs for the period Jan . '01-Dec' 02 . Recall that SDG&E did not get the rate increases that PG&E and Edison got . The charge ( I believe ) is $14.6/Mwh on a system ave . basis . If there's anything else you need , let me know . This decision does not deal with the "undercollection" SDG&E has accrued due to the price cap put in place by previous Legislation . Best , Jeff
don't worry about it . i'm just sending the check now . whenever you get the wine is fine . and thanks again for doing it .
Yes . And she handed out last time's mid-term . It was take home at that time , though . It's open book; we have the whole time , but she said it should take about 90 minutes ( which means that it will take me the whole time) . You want me to fax it to you ? Check the website first . It may be posted there .
I don't know whether to laugh or cry . Your a good lawyer; do you think he can end run the Legislature and the PUC and put the rate agreement in place ? The plot continues to thicken , that's for sure . Best , Jeff
Put who up for sale ? Coastal ? Really ? Why ?
just faxed it .
What's the date again ?
given the mess out here , and how long it's been going on , howzabout "deep therapy?"
In case you hadn't seen it .
clearly , the meeting with Horton et al went well.. .
None , thank you .
clearly , the meeting with Horton et al went well...And don't yank my chain ( Kaufman , under stress , 10.01.01 )
deep six ?
Ms Denne , at Enron , we use the more polite form , "deep doo-doo."
On a more serious note ( notes) . Sue's out sick today ( caught something in Houston , it seems) . And seriously , I hope the meeting went well .
Boy , you are on fire today ! Glad you think so highly of me??? ? I give the goldfish two weeks.. . deep fried .
We have any contract in the cross ( short? ) hairs ?
Oh , joy . Get out the mattresses .
Luca Kaufman , who else ? ( What did you say the price was ? The fact that it only goes to end of '02 is at least somewhat encouraging. ) You know , I'm starting to feel like tom hanks in "you've got mail." guess that makes you meg ryan .
yeah , that was him . beginning of the movie . they notified the corleone family with the message , "luca brazzie sleeps with the fishes." great movie .
got your message . that's what i needed . thanks very much . Best , Jeff
call me . thanks . dasovich 415.782.7822 .
Great . Thanks .
andy: don't you have a cell phone ? jeff 415.782.7822
you have a phone ? jeff 415.782.7822
Hey , I'm now freed-up on Thursday , so if you want to do the gas panel on Thursday , that's fine with me . Best , Jeff
Craver will head up any of these specific deals that Edison enters into . I've known Fielder for a long time ( very much the company guy , but pretty easy to work with) . I've met Craver , but don't know him as well as Fielder . Won't be a stretch to get a meeting with Craver if we choose to do it . Edison is the counterparty . Regarding the credit issue , in addition to Edison , we should also view the California PUC as a "co-counterparty" to just about anything Edison does over the next 24 months or so . Best , Jeff
Can you forward the decision regarding Davis' contract grab that came on the call the other day ? Thanks . Jeff
FYI . Put another call into Bloom . I'm sure he'll get back to me soon , but you know how busy these important lawyers are.. . Best , Jeff
I'm getting my suntan lotion and heading down there... .
Recognizing that it was Sue's idea ( though I'm not sure , Sue , if you're referring to the DJ index or the bottoms-up approach) , isn't it also true that Harry submitted some testimony more recently regarding the DJ index method , and didn't ARM more recently submit some bottoms-up testimony , comments , etc. ? Best , Jeff
Steve I haven't opened these , but let me know if this is the stuff . Jeff
I'll have folks get those and forward them . Be back to you soon . Jeff
I think that we should pursue both . If we can convince the PUC that it's a good deal , and that it ought to include a dedicated rate component to cover it . If the PUC agrees , then the rate component should cover PG&E's concern and they should be able to go forward . Thoughts ?
Thank you .
Hi Doug: Hope all is well . Congratulations to you folks on your agreement with the PUC . Must be a relief . I was writing to get your reaction to the judge's proposed order in the El Paso case . You think the Commission is likely to adopt it ? Change it ? Judge's proposal fatally flawed on the market power issue ? Appreciate your insights . AND did you hear Bilas issued the our gas settlement as his proposed decision for adoption by the Commission at its 10.25.01 meeting!?!? ! What next ? Best , Jeff
Playboy Online staff cutbacks Playboy Enterprises plans to cut about a third of the jobs in its online division , according to the Wall Street Journal . As part of a company streamlining , a spokeswoman for the media company said 44 jobs are being eliminated in its online unit . Playboy Online had revenue of $13.1 million in the first six months of the year , and counts 95,000 paying subscribers to its service . "We're not a particularly ad-driven company , but we can look at the financial outlook as well as the next person , and we look at the economy and want to make sure we can weather it well," the spokeswoman told the Journal .
Greetings: I'm the only one who hasn't left yet for the dome . If it's OK with you , I'd like to come by and pick up Annie . Likely get there around 7:30 . That work for you ?
I thought you'd never ask . But , please , nothing special . You know me . I'm a Woodbridge kinda guy... .
Thanks for the reply . Agree the settlement is not nearly all that it could have been , but sure beats what we've got , it seems . If there's something you think that we can do to help in the GCIM case , please let me know . Best , Jeff
Can't wait ( smarty pants) . See you soon . Thanks for the invite . You'll be happy to know , Atlanta won . Swept those pesky Astros in 3 . Best , Jeff
OK , dude . Now that I'm a full-fledged slacker , please tell me how much you need us to contribute for the weekend , which I'll add on to the $65 you paid for the guitar . If I'm missing any other expenses , please let me know and tack them on . It was alot of fun . Thanks so much for inviting us . Best , Jeff
I said on this AM's call that today is the deadline for Davis to sign or veto bills . That was not entirely correct . That deadline applies only to so-called "regular session" bills . The bill in question ( SB18XX--Burton ) was passed as part of the Legislature's "emergency," or "special," session . Apparently , "emergency session" bills do not fall under the October 15th deadline . Davis has nonetheless said he intends to veto the bill , though the pressure to renegotiate the contracts is increasing from all sides . We'll report back on signing deadlines for bills passed on as part of the "emergency" session . Bottom line: Today's deadline for regular session bills does not apply to SB18xx , or to other emergency session bills . Best , Jeff
It's safer there .
Doesn't this constitute a change in Edison's position , i.e. , I thought they'd indicated that everyone would be paid by end of Q1'03 . Now it appears they're saying that suppliers will get paid by year-end '03 . Am I missing something ? Thanks for the info . Best , Jeff
Were you on call this morning ? It was pretty interesting . If you weren't on , I'd like to discuss a couple of topics that came up . Best , Jeff
That's fine . Not critical . Jeff
Thanks .
No problem .
Greetings Ms Ryall: Wondering if you ever managed to get a hold of Ms Doll . No rush , no panic . Just want to keep the ball rolling . Thanks again for all your help . Best , Jeff
It was really fun . Thanks so much for inviting us . It was great to get to play together . I'll get Scott a check for our share of the goodies . Thanks again . Best , Jeff
Greetings: Could I get an electronic copy of your request to the CPUC to extend Gas Accord until 2005 ? You think they'll approve ? When are comments due ? We want to support you . Best , Jeff
Yeah . Ask me how happy I am to be back at work , with a midterm in finance tomorrow nite . Sigh.. . Tried to call you guys yesterday to see if you wanted to stop by your folks to have abalone , but only got your voicemail . I'm sure you were glad just to get home and relax .
Sounds good . No rush , though . If she's not in till the 22nd , we have some time to plan . Best , Jeff
John Wayne at his spookiest . 4 stars .
On another "food for thought" note . Eldon and Nancy: Here's the WSJ editorial by Scott Simon--long-time NPR dude , credentialed lib , and Quaker--on "just wars." Sort of thought-provoking . Best , Jeff Commentary Even Pacifists Must Support This War By Scott Simon , the host of National Public Radio's "Weekend Edition With Scott Simon." Pacifists often commit the same mistake as generals: They prepare for the last war , not the next one . Many of the peace activists I have seen trying to rouse opposition to today's war against terrorism remind me of a Halloween parade . They put on old , familiar-looking protest masks -- against American imperialism , oppression and violence -- that bear no resemblance to the real demons haunting us now . Pacifism has never been exactly popular . But when I became a Quaker as an adolescent in the late 1960s , pacifism seemed to offer a compelling alternative to the perpetuity of brute force . Mahatma Gandhi had overthrown an empire and Martin Luther King had overturned a racial tyranny with nonviolent marches , fasts , and boycotts that were nervy , ennobling and effective . Pacifism seemed to offer a chance for survival to a generation that had been stunted by the fear of nuclear extinction . I worked as a war reporter , but I never saw a conflict between this and being a Quaker . If my reporting was sometimes drawn more to human details than to the box-score kind of war coverage , those details struck me as critical to explaining war . I never covered a conflict -- whether in Central America , the Caribbean , Africa or the Middle East -- that seriously shook my religious convictions . In fact , most conflicts seemed to prove how war was rotten , wasteful and useless . El Salvador's civil war killed 70,000 people over nine years . It was hard to see how the political compromise that ended the conflict could not have been reached after just six months . But in the 1990s , I covered the Balkans . In Sarajevo , Srebrenica , and Kosovo , I confronted the logical flaw ( or perhaps I should say the fatal flaw ) of nonviolent resistance: All the best people can be killed by all the worst ones . I had never believed that pacifism had all the answers; neither does militarism . About half of all draft age Quakers enlisted in World War II , believing that whatever wisdom pacifism had to give the world , it could not defeat the murderous schemes of Adolf Hitler and his cohorts . It seems to me that in confronting the forces that attacked the World Trade Center and the Pentagon , American pacifists have no sane alternative now but to support war . I don't consider this reprisal or revenge , but self-defense: protecting the world from further attacks by destroying those who would launch them . Some peace activists , their judgment still hobbled by shock , seem to believe that the attacks against New York and Washington were natural disasters: terrible , unpredictable whirlwinds that struck once and will not reoccur . This is wrong . We know now that there has been an ongoing violent campaign aimed at bringing down diverse nations , with none being more gloriously speckled than the U.S . People who try to hold certain American policies or culture responsible are trying to decorate the crimes of psychotics with synthetic political significance . In 1933 the Oxford Student Union conducted a famous debate over whether it was moral for Britons to fight for king and country . The exquisite intellects of that leading university reviewed the many ways in which British colonialism exploited and oppressed the world . They cited the ways in which vengeful demands made of Germany in the wake of World War I had helped to kindle nationalism and fascism . They saw no moral difference between Western colonialism and world fascism . The Oxford Union ended that debate with this famous proclamation: "Resolved , that we will in no circumstances fight for king and country." Von Ribbentrop sent back the good news to Germany's new chancellor , Hitler: The West will not fight for its own survival . Its finest minds will justify a silent surrender . In short , the best-educated young people of their time could not tell the difference between the deficiencies of their own nation , in which liberty and democracy were cornerstones , and a dictatorship founded on racism , tyranny and fear . And what price would those who urge reconciliation today pay for peace ? Should Americans impose a unitary religious state , throw women out of school and work , and rob other religious groups of their rights , so that we have the kind of society the attackers accept ? Do pacifists really want to live in the kind of world that the terrorists who hit the World Trade Center and Pentagon would make ? Pacifists do not need any lectures about risking their lives to stop wickedness . Quakers resisted slavery by smuggling out slaves when even Abraham Lincoln tried to appease the Confederacy . Pacifists sneaked refugee Jews out of Germany when England and the U.S . were still trying to placate Hitler . Many conscientious objectors have served bravely in gritty and unglamorous tasks that aided the U.S . in time of war . But those of us who have been pacifists must admit that it has been our blessing to live in a nation in which other citizens have been willing to risk their lives to defend our dissent . The war against terrorism does not shove American power into places where it has no place . It calls on America's military strength in a global crisis in which peaceful solutions are not apparent . Only American ( and British ) power can stop more killing in the world's skyscrapers , pizza parlors , embassies , bus stations , ships , and airplanes . Pacifists , like most Americans , would like to change their country in a thousand ways . And the blasts of Sept . 11 should remind American pacifists that they live in that one place on the planet where change -- in fact , peaceful change -- seems most possible . It is better to sacrifice our ideals than to expect others to die for them .
Wait . You mean that the first time you've seen John Wayne in a movie , or John Wayne being spooky ?
u aware of whalley meeting this pm re: settle SCE claims ? jeff
rent "true grit." very cool . I highly recommend--from a great coming-of-age girl's novel . also try "wake of the red witch." and , of course , "stagecoach."
FYI . Some interesting tid-bits from CMTA .
tribolet didn't know about it . might just be the "small" whalley group . I'll chk back with calger tomorrow am to see . jeff
I'm still in for golf if you are . I'll bring some knitting in case you decide to bail.. .
Talked at length with Mark Baldwin today . Could you give me a call when you get a chance to discuss ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
hey LOL: please tell leeeen that you're faxing it . thanks .
Hi Jane: I'd planned to attend SoCal's meeting on Thursday , but it now appears I may have a conflict . Do you plan on attending ? If so , could you gather up an additional set of anything they hand out for me ? Given the controversy around SoCal's "windows," it will be interesting to see how this works out . Best , Jeff
Hi Glen: Two things . 1 ) If you'd like me to join in on the call on Wednesday to determine what TW should do regarding the re-surfacing of the SoCal settlement , I'd be happy to join . Just let me know . 2 ) Are you going to the SoCal "no more windows" meeting on Thursday ? I'd planned to go but it looks like I might have a conflict now . I'd like to get a copy of anything they hand out at the meeting . And if anyone provides any summaries , that would also be useful . Let me know if you plan to attend . If you don't , know sweat . Best , Jeff
Hi Evie: Two quick things: 1 ) My understanding is that the PUC has denied the applications for rehearing . There's a group that is fixing to take it to the court of appeals level--can't see any downside (  a ) argument is that the PUC erred in its decisionmaking--no record , no facts , no evidence , etc. , and that it needs to go back to the drawing board and get the process right before it suspends anything--and b ) the heavy-lifting was already done getting the app . for rehrng prepared) . Seems like getting a chance to re-argue at the PUC has alot of positives . Were you planning on doing anything ? 2 ) I want to talk to Michael Alcantar about some interesting QF ideas , but wanted to check with you first . Frankly , I'm ignorant as to whether that still occupies a big spot on his plate , if he represents the same folks , etc. , and thought I'd check with you first . Hope ( all things considered ) you're doing well . Best , Jeff
thanks .
check's in the mail . i made it an even $150 . Let me know if that works . Scala's the Eye-talian place that's kitty-korner from Willow , right ? Coming soon , this hip chef ( and part owner of the Willow ) is opening up a competing place right across the street from Willow . Should be interesting . We gotta dive again before the season's out . ( If I can find the freakin' licenses . I'll start looking in earnest. ) Yeah , we gotta finish the job . You take out the WTC , you gotta pay . Best , Jeff
Forgive me . Can't recall if I already responded . Not sure if there's a simple , concise summary ( "concise" just doesn't seem compatible with CA's siting process) , but let me do a little poking around and get back to you . Best ,
Thanks very much . I was looking forward to meeting you as well . I plan on coming to Houston soon , and I'll look you up when I'm there . Best , Jeff
Just give a call when you get a chance . I'm in . 415.782.7822 . Best , Jeff
Well , I guess my good friend Jerry's a little to busy these days . I'm going to contact another lawyer who represents some big QFs and then loop back with Jerry . Best , Jeff
Sounds like a plan .
The best I've ever had in my whole entire life , anywhere in the world . Seriously , I think the guests--including me--thought that it was fabulous . I know Prentice finished hers , so I assume she liked it . Cameron......well , you'll have to ask her . The mango chutney combined with the curry was , like , death raging , man . Best , Jeff
Thanks , Evie . 1 ) If someone writes a decent appeal , might you folks be interested in signing ? 2 ) Do you have Michael's # where I can reach him tomorrow . Sorry for the bother . And if you'd like to hear about what we're thinking about regarding QFs , be happy to share it with you as well . Be safe , Jeff
Thanks . I think that's , well , a very aggressive view of how IOU debt and past and forward DWR costs are likely to be treated . Be happy to discuss further if you like . Best , Jeff
Just let me know .
left message for calger . will call when i hear back from him . jeff
Missed the analyst call . What was your take ? And you hearing that Lay's calling Edison today ? Best , Jeff
ditto . got a little choked up.. . best , Jeff
Tribolet sez he doesn't know anything about the Lay/Edison call , but he said Wanda mentioned something about it . You may want to check in with her . I'm still waiting to hear from Calger . Best , Jeff
did you hear that commerce1 announced today that it's laying off 50% of its people ? sounds very ugly . but i guess that means less competition for you . best , Jeff
Didn't see the release . They gonna be a softwary provider , or something ?
In response to the Commission's suspension of DA , numerous market participants--including Enron--filed "Petitions for Rehearing." The California PUC has issued a decision denying the petitions . Many of those participants are likely to file for appellate court review of the Commission's denial . In its decision denying the Petitions , the Commission did however modify its initial decision in several respects . Key among those is a modification regarding facility adds . Those comments refer to the ability to continue to submit DASRs for new facilities under contracts signed prior to September 20th that provide for facility adds . The Commission agreed and has ordered the utilities to accept DASRs for facility adds under contract terms executed prior to 10.20.01 . The precise language is cited below . If you would like a copy of the decision , please contact Joseph Alamo . Best , Jeff "We reaffirm that for the time being , and unless the Commission states otherwise in a subsequent decision , utilities are required to process DASRs relating to contracts or agreements that were executed on or before September 20th , 2001 , including DASRs for service to new facilities or accounts if the underlying contract pursuant to which those DASRs are submitted allowed for the provision of that additional service . Thus , for example , with respect to the specific ESP contract described by UC/CSU in their rehearing application , the utilities are required to accept , even after September 20 , 2001 , any DASRs they receive that legitimatley relate to that contract...[W]e want to make it clear that...utilities cannot set a deadline after which they could refuse to process DASRs relating to contracts executed on or before September 20 , 2001." pp 20-21
Just a reminder: Beginning tomorrow , the ( formerly twice-weekly ) California call will now take place once per week , on Wednesdays , at the same time ( 11:30 AM PDT/1:30 CDT) , same call-in number . Until the next legislative session starts up in January , the call will be optional for the gang in Sacramento , unless something specific requires their participation . Best , Jeff
thank you .
Yes . September 20 .
FYI . Appears now that the option some customers have to put facilities to us is viewed as a negative . Best , Jeff
great . see you at 4:30 today .
Looks like Prentice and Nancy will be getting together in Napa to do a little bonding this weekend . Therefore , it looks like an opportunity to golf on Saturday or Sunday ( screw football) . Any takers ? ( Eldon has promised not to be the score Nazi. ) Best , Jeff
Folks: Before filing comments on Bilas' proposal to modify our settlement with SoCal and vote it out on the 25th , I wanted to get a sense of how folks feel about it generally . Hope all is well . Best , Jeff
what stuff ?
I'd like to keep this confidential , but someone inside PG&E's gas group ( for what it's worth ) told me that participants will have a choice under PG&E's proposed extension of its Gas Accord . Either the participant can retain the capacity for the term of the extension ( less the cost escalators in the original deal ) or release the capacity back to PG&E with no penalty . I'll try to confirm that this is the view among most in PG&E . Best , Jeff
1)Market concentration limits reduced from 40% to 30 % of available receipt point capacity . P.44 2)SoCal will be required to make available on a daily basis any unutilized firm RP capacity . P.45 3)Price Cap for secondary intrastate market set at 120 % of SoCal firm rate . This is the same cap that applies to SoCal.P.46 4)Bilas mentions support for Hector Rd . as a delivery/receipt at Ferc . 5)PD does not reduce the core's interstate capacity nor their storage capacities but rather maintains these capacities at current levels . Current level 1044 MMcfd , proposed 1000 MMcfd on the interstate system and current storage 70 BCF , 327 MMcfd of injection and 1,935 MMcfd withdrawal Vs 6 ) CTA's ( Core Transport Agents ) allowed to reject only their prorata share 7 ) SoCal directed to present(via Advice Ltr. ) how the cost of noncore default balancing will be allocated ONLY to those noncore customer using this service and not to the Core customers.P.62 8)PD rejects the requirement that SoCal/SDG&E file an application with a proposal to address core procurement function as the default provider . P.63 9)Preserves the right for SoCal/SDG&E to seek recovery of expenditures associated with the transfers of customers from Core to Core Aggregator . P.66 10)PD orders a 10 % cap on ITCS ( stranded cost)responsibility borne by bundled core customers due to unbundled core interstate capacity . P . 75 11 ) PD orders that the core contribution to noncore ITCS will end effective the adoption of the PD . Additionally , noncore customers to pay 50% of core ITCS till the end of the core TW and EPNG agreements . The PD estimates an additional $18 million over next 5 to 6 years . P . 78 The PD provides an estimate of increased stranded cost for the noncore between 01 and 06 to be approx . $ 44.4 Million . 12 ) PD say NO to an increase in the core brokerage fee of $ 0.0039 ( to $2.4 13 ) PD treats Core Subscription service differently on an accounting basis . 14)Generally , the PD makes some administrative changes to the small core/ESP market rules and SoCal services and consumer protection implementation .  P 88-100 . 15)Lots of tweaking on how SoCal can recover the cost to implement to services envisioned under the CSA . P . 103-110 .
Chris: A little background ( recaps briefly what we discussed on the phone on Monday): A few weeks ago , we ( government affairs ) approached John Fielder of Edison to see if there was any chance that Edison might be willing to reach a deal on our Negative CTC/PX credit claim . After discussions with RAC , we offered to take 90 cents on the dollar for amounts owed through March 1 . ( There's general agreement with Edison on what the number is up to January 17 , which would only leave 1.17--3.1 in dispute . But recall there's still the FERC refund issue which complicates the issue. ) We asked for 10% down immediately and a binding agreement that Edison would pay us by a date certain sometime in the next quarter . In exchange , we said we'd drop our law suits at the PUC . In one suit , we're asking the PUC to have Edison pay us . In the other , we've stopped paying Edison for transportation costs until the PUC gets Edison to pay us . We're depositing what we owe Edison in an escrow account pending resolution . We also agreed to work with Edison to get the PUC to end the whole residual CTC/PX credit framework retroactive to March 1 , 2001 . ( That would reduce Edison's exposure to negative CTC and our exposure to positive CTC. ) For his part , Fielder was looking ( in addition ) for 1 ) an agreement on our part to forebear , and 2 ) an agreement that everyone , including DA customers , should pay what they rightly owe for a ) Edison's undercollection , b ) the bonds , and c ) DWR's stranded contract costs . We never resumed the talks in earnest because soon after our talk , Edison struck its bailout deal with the PUC . With respect to what else we could offer them: From a commercial standpoint , I'm sure you're scouring that front , and I may not have much to add . But given the credit risk associated with the utility and Edison's other subs , devising a commercial option to help settle the negative CTC claim seems like a challenge . One possible avenue might be the $250 MM in hedging activity the PUC agreed to in its bailout settlement with Edison . Edison is authorized to hedge its generation and QF fuel costs for up to $250 MM under the settlement . ( But this would expose us to PUC regulatory risk , in addition to Edison's credit risk. ) Another commercial angle might be Mission Energy , but again , not sure how much better Mission fares from a credit perspective . One idea that we've bounced around that might appeal to Edison--but may or may not be appealing to us--us is to agree to take a note from Edison . That is , in return for 100 cents on the dollar , we'd agree to take , for example , a 3-year note at some agreed to coupon . This should appeal to Edison since 1 ) it takes us off the list of folks who might take them in , 2 ) it might provide a useful template that Edison could use with other creditors , and 3 ) it lessens the overall financing Edison needs to arrange ( bridge loan , etc. ) in the near-term to pay its creditors . The "note" angle could be packaged up with the other regulatory issues explored in the first call with Fielder . Hope this helps . Best , Jeff
Cool . If $150 don't cut it on the check , just let me know . No sweat . EVERYTHING is confidential .
We might be able to communicate this less formally through our lobbyists . If it's OK , let me check with them first , and then I'll get back to you . Sound good ? Best , Jeff
Ridota's a tough customer . Very political type--knee-capper from the Wilson administration who was involved in the conflicts between Fessler and Knight , large customers and utilities , etc . DA and Dereg done right ( i.e. , California never de-regulated ) sound good . May want to add the great job Davis did at locking a generation of Californians into $46 billion of contracts . Maybe , on the energy issue , Riordin wants to look like a statesman , saying that if he were governor , he'd get everyone to the table to settle this thing once and for all--law suits , bad DWR contracts , ensuring customers have choices .
Greetings . I can make it . Is there a specific topic/agenda ? Best , Jeff
Hi Rita: Not sure if I did this right . Was the idea to rank no more than 5 , using 1-5 , or more the way I did it . Just let me know . Best , Jeff
Thanks .
Any reason in particular that you're of this view ? ( I'm hoping you'll say that Edison's informed you that it might be doable. )
I like Saturday afternoon after your lesson , since we've got a wedding at 3 pm on Sunday to go to .
that's what i was afraid of . i'll try again and resend . sorry about that . Best , Jeff
I'll take care of it and if there's anything we need to do , I'll let you know . Best , Jeff
You got it . You're right , distribution lists are a challenge . I'll make sure that you and these folks get on the list . Hope all finds you well . Best , Jeff
Here's the suggested plan to try to make our weekly calls as efficient , painless and useful as possible . All other ideas , thoughts , comments , etc. , are welcome . We'll set up a recurring call-in number ( for Thursday's at 8:30 AM , i.e. , same number every week ) It will be assumed that everyone will call in; no pre-meeting prep necessary . If someone doesn't call in , it will be assumed that the person has a conflict and can't make it ( giving the benefit of the doubt is a virtue) . Those that do call in will conduct the call . ( Again , the assumption is that , save for minor exceptions , everyone will be on the call. ) Thoughts ? Best , Jeff
Hi Glen: Good call this AM . Mike Day is in fact writing some comments on behalf of Wild Goose and there may be some interest from other folks to sign on and file jointly . However , Mike won't have something to look at before COB tomorrow , and it's unclear at this point how many folks might sign on . So I think it's prudent to continue drafting TW's comments . As soon as I get something from Mike Day , I'll forward to you so you folks can review . Best , Jeff
DWR can meet with us on October 22nd . This work for you folks ? Best , Jeff
Hi Elyse: I work in government affairs in San Francisco . Dave Parquet ( VP , Western Origination ) has been approached by a California state legislator to participate in a golf tournament , the proceeds of which will go to a children's charity ( Dave , correct me if I got it wrong) . The legislator is someone who has been and will likely continue to be supportive of Dave's on-going commercial activities and Dave would like to participate . I've been informed that this could fall under the sorts of activities that community affairs has resources for . Is that right ? Thanks for the help . Best , Jeff
Hi Hilda: I got an "out of office" reply from Elyse that mentions that you're the contact in her absense . Please see the note below . Best , Jeff
Yes .
FYI .
FYI . Today , the PG&E Corporation Board of Directors elected Dede Hapner , currently Vice President -Regulatory Relations of Pacific Gas and Electric Company , as Vice President - Special Projects , for PG&E Corporation , effectively immediately . Dede will report to Steve Kline and will be located in the PG&E Corporation Washington D.C . office . Karen Tomcala , currently Director , Federal Governmental and Regulatory Relations of PG&E Corporation , was elected today by the Pacific Gas and Electric Company Board to replace Dede .
Might be able to do Sunday morning . Eldon's going to check and see if there's a tee time . Will report back as the news breaks .
Thank very much Joseph . Alan and Sue , I'm comfortable canceling tomorrow's call unless either of you have a burning issue to discuss . We can start with the new arrangements beginning next Thursday , assuming that works for folks . Best , Jeff
I think Sue should come down with something ( I know I would) . Horowitz ? Eegads . He will be relentless.. . Looks like this group likes a good food fight .
party pooper . ( i understand . always more complicated than necessary. )
CALIFORNIA PUC APPROVES PACIFIC GAS AND ELECTRIC COMPANY PLAN TO UPGRADE POWER SYSTEM IN TRI-VALLEY
Interesting . Question 1: Please explain the following line from your note: "I really need to get certified for diving." Question 2: How hot is it down there ? Question 3: Cheap is good , but if you're going to travel that far to dive , is the diving good there , or is there another place ( like Beliz ) where the diving is supposed to be killer ?
My consultant buddy , Tom Beach is the technical consultant for Jerry Bloom's organization , the California Cogeneration Coalition ( or something like that) . About 1000 MW of cogen throughout the state . I've tentatively set up a meeting with him for Wednesday at 11 AM . So we can do Alcantar at 9 , and Tom at 11 . That work ? Best , Jeff
Hi Rachel: John White asked me to contact you . He said you could email me a copy of the letter that you and Sarah are working on regarding Carl Wood's statements about green direct access . Is possible to get a copy emailed ? Thanks very much for your help . Best , Jeff
Great . Tom will get back to me to confirm that 11 AM works for him . I'll let you know . Best , Jeff
FYI . QFs meeting with Edison today . Edison has not yet offered information on 1 ) date certain when QFs will be paid what they're owed , or 2 ) when the 5.37 cents will kick in . Best , Jeff
apparently named by W himself as THE negotiator.. .
Speech apparently was not quite as sharp as recent ones , but heard the event overall was very good .
Based on yesterday's conversation , we've set up a call for 2 PM California time on Friday . Here's the call-in info . Best , Jeff
Thanks very much .
Tee hee . More questions to follow . Can't wait for the answers... .
interesting . thanks .
FYI . Latest info is that large customers , some QF cogens , independent storage companies , and perhaps PG&E , will be filing separate comments supporting the Bilas decision to adopt the settlement .
Mike Day's firm could do it , but they'll charge for the adminstrative costs necessary to file ( we don't have the support necessary to file) . Does that work ? If so , I'll need to contact Mike promptly so they can get prepared to do the filing . No word yet as to whether SoCalGas will support .
PS The cost of having Day's firm file for you folks wouldn't be more than $100-200 .
Lad: Sorry that I didn't respond . I'm travelling . Please call me on my cell phone 415.505.6633 , or page me at 888.916.7184 . I'll be available beginning about 6:45 AM tomorrow . Generally , there's going to be considerable support for the Bilas decision--at least from the lion's share of folks who made up the core of the settlement . Best , Jeff
Thank you .
Hey man , how goes it ? Does this mean that you'll be supporting its adoption ? Best , Jeff
Man , makes California look like a second rate circus . You two are having all the fun . Surprisingly refreshing to hear that Massey put it to them . Best , Jeff PS I want you two to be the first to know I'm leaving...... .
You want to handle , or you want me to take a stab at it ?
Mike: Comments looks good . My only comment is that , in our view , the price cap ( which would cover ALL capacity in the secondary market ) is simply bad economic policy and won't address any problems--in fact it will only create problems . ( From a practical perspective , I'm not even sure that the Commission can successfully "regulate" prices in the secondary market. ) Will the commission change the price cap provisions of the decision based comments advising against them ? Very unlikely . But when the caps create problems ( and they will) , I want to have been on record advising the Commission of why caps are bad economic policy and pointing out the bad outcomes that caps will cause . I think that it's very important to point out the downside of caps and to be on record against them . That said , I don't want the comments to be so negative as to cloud support for the decision; nor do I think the Commission will change the cap based on our comments . Other than that , EES and ENA can sign on . Anyone have any objections to pointing out the fact that price caps are ill-advised ? Best , Jeff
Sam: Congratulations . But I've been informed that the buring chicken in the office kitchen ate up about 10% of the emission credits previously secured for the plant . The CEC is revising the credit numbers and may have to modify today's decision as a result . Best , Jeff Calif Energy Panel OKs First Step For 1160MW In Projects Dow Jones Energy Service ( Copyright ( c ) 2001 , Dow Jones & Company , Inc. ) LOS ANGELES -(Dow Jones)- The California Energy Commission has accepted as "data adequate" applications to build a 900-megawatt power plant and two peaker plants totaling 260 megawatts , a press release said . The data adequacy vote means an application has been accepted as having sufficient information to proceed with the commission's approval process . Enron Corp.'s ( ENE ) Roseville Energy Facility LLC unit has proposed building a 900-MW natural gas-fired plant in Sacramento , Calif. , to be online by the fourth quarter of 2004 . The construction cost will be $350-$450 million for the combined-cycle project , which will undergo a 12-month review process by the commission . GWF Energy LLC has applied to build the 169-MW Tracy Peaker Project , a simple cycle plant in the San Joaquin Valley , Calif. , that would be online by July 2002 . Peaker plants operate during times of high electricity demand . The company also applied to build the 91-MW Henrietta Peaker Project , 20 miles south of Hanford , Calif. , which would consist of two turbine generators and come on line by June 2002 . Electricity generated from the two peaker projects will be sold to the state's Department of Water Resources under a 10-year contract . -By Jessica Berthold , Dow Jones Newswires; 323-658-3872; jessica.berthold@dowjones.com
In a speech last night at Standford's Hoover Institution , Abraham announced the money to Upgrade Path 15 and said it should be completed by '03 . Said a consortium of IOUs ( including PG&E) , munis and generators will participate . Press is also reporting this morning that Davis administration is confirming that it's trying to rework some of the long-term DWR contracts . Best , Jeff
Thanks . Sorry for the latest . Was on the road this morning .
good , since i don't think riordan would take me . best,jeff
that sounds sweet . if you can get tickets for me and prentice , i'm happy to pay for them . just let me know .
Super . Dave will get back to you with the details . Thanks for your help . Best , Jeff
Look like the stuff ?
ditto ?
I assume that you don' t need Mike Day to file TW's comments . You got it covered ? Just let me know . Jeff
Eldon's got a 9:20 AM time on Monday morning , if you're interested .
FYI . SoCalGas is filing in favor of the decision adopting the settlement . Best , Jeff
The state treasurer sent a letter this afternoon to Loretta Lynch . The treasurer claims in the letter that , by extending DA through Sept . 20th , the PUC could have shifted more than $8 billion to small customers . He urges Lynch to immediately roll back the date to July 1 . We have started working with large customers to refute the letter . If you would like a copy of the letter , please send your fax number to Joseph Alamo . Best , Jeff
Jesus , I'm on acid . I meant Sunday morning .
State lowers estimate of energy costs Consumers might see rates decrease Lynda Gledhill , Chronicle Sacramento Bureau Saturday , October 20 , 2001 ? 2001 San Francisco Chronicle URL: Sacramento -- The state lowered its estimate yesterday of how much it will cost to buy power -- suggesting that lower rates could eventually be the result . Officials of the Department of Water Resources said the state will need $17 . 2 billion to buy power through the end of 2002 -- about 20 percent less than previously estimated . The agency began buying power on Jan . 17 when the state's three investor- owned utilities were no longer considered credit-worthy . At the time , prices on the spot market reached upwards of $450 a megawatt hour . Now , however , prices average $30 a megawatt hour . "Circumstances have changed," said Ron Nichols of Navigant Consulting , which is a consultant to the Department of Water Resources . "Conservation has helped , we think the DWR contracts have established reliability in the market . We have broken the back of the spot market." Earlier this year , the state signed 56 long-term contracts with various generators to purchase power . Those contracts , which were inked when prices were at their peak , have come under increasing fire from lawmakers and the PUC , and Gov . Gray Davis' administration acknowledged this week it hopes to renegotiate some of the pacts . But the contracts represent only about a third of the power the state needs every day . The rest comes from the spot market -- purchases made just a few minutes or hours ahead of when they are needed . Prices on the spot market have dropped , in part because the price of natural gas has taken a nose dive . It is unclear whether consumers will see any benefit from the lower power costs . If the projections hold , the state could either lower rates or scale back plans to issue $12.5 billion in bonds needed to pay for the energy purchases . At the same time state energy buyers trumpeted lower costs , they blasted the state Public Utilities Commission for a decision that they say could cost residential and small business consumers $8 billion . Administration officials and state Treasurer Phil Angelides said a PUC decision to delay the suspension of direct access -- the ability of large businesses to bypass utilities and contract directly with generators for power -- will shift higher costs to smaller customers . The PUC proposed the ban on direct access in June but didn't adopt the policy until Sept . 20 . During that period , the amount of energy large consumers contracted for through direct access increased from 2 percent to 13 percent . "What's happened here is one of the most damaging things that has happened to consumers during the energy crisis," Angelides said yesterday . He urged the PUC to reverse its decision , setting the date back to July 1 . But Lorretta Lynch , president of the PUC , said the delay was at the request of the administration and the Legislature . She also objected to Angelides' numbers , saying that the PUC estimates the direct access load at 8 percent . The commission is awaiting a legal opinion about whether it can make its decision retroactive to July 1 , and action will be taken at the next PUC meeting , she said .
Sorry . Haven't been around . I definitely want to move forward . I'll respond more fully if more is needed , but the short of it is , I'd like to do the entire job except for the decking . Ready to start when you are . Can you tell me what you expect the total to be ( labor + materials) , understanding that it's an estimate and not a firm price . Also , I'm assuming that the cost for the materials that you quoted include the "bridge" to the cabin ? Will , of course , want the bridge to the cabin planked . If you have any questions , let me know . Really appreciate your efforts . Looking forward to getting started . Hope all finds you well . Best , Jeff
Could be a soon as the next week or two . We'll make sure that you're up to date on the latest . Best , Jeff
We'll continue to scour the universe for it .
Forgive my ignorance , but I'm assuming that "related party transactions" refers to the Fastow deals ?
I THINK this is where I'll be this week . San Francisco: Mon-Thur Friday: Palm Springs at the conference I'm speaking at with EES
Every Monday at 10:30 AM ( Houston time) , which is , more or less , a company-wide call . Every Wednesday at 1:30 PM ( Houston time) , which is a Government Affairs-only call . Those are it . If there's anything else , just let me know . Best , Jeff
I'm sure that by now everyone's seen the letter that Angelides sent to Loretta last Friday . If you haven't , let me know and I'll have it faxed to you . In short , Angelides blames all of the financial woes of the State on Loretta and the PUC . Specifically , he claims that by allowing DA sign-ups to extend to September 20th , the PUC may have shifted over $8 billion to "homeowners , small businesses , and other enterprises..." Angelides ends the lettery by urging the Commission to immediately roll back the DA suspension date to July 1 . The concern , of course , is that Angelides' assertions are out there and have received alot of press attention , i.e. , Direct Access=$8 billion tax on homeowners . To her credit , Loretta refuted Angelides in the press accounts and repeated that the best way to get costs down is to renegotiate the DWR contracts . She also said in the press accounts that she intends to deal with the July 1/September 20 suspension issue at the next commission meeting . In light of these events ( and the increasing attacks on Loretta by Angelides and others in the Administration ) It might be useful to give Loretta an assist by drafting a very brief letter to her stating: Angelides is all wet--DA and "fairness" are not mutually exclusive and the PUC has all the regulatory tools necessary to ensure fairness is maintained going forward . Thus , the 8 plus billion dollar number is without basis . Re-stating that the PUC has no legal authority to retroactively suspend DA to July 1 , etc. , etc . Folks may have other points to make . Seems that we'd want to keep the letter short and to the point , however . A letter might be useful in order to 1 ) give Loretta some support and 2 ) get some counter-press in response to the Angelides tantrum . Any thoughts ? Best , Jeff
I'll be on .
FYI . Sure you've seen it , but just in case . Non-energy-related friend of mine emailed it to me . Best , Jeff Today in Finance ________________________________Sponsor ________________________________ Monday , October 22 , 2001 Related Party Crashers ? SEC Looking Into Possible Conflict on Interest at Enron By Stephen Taub The Securities and Exchange Commission has requested that Enron provide information regarding certain related party transactions . "We welcome this request," said Kenneth L . Lay , Enron chairman and CEO in a prepared statement . "We will cooperate fully with the SEC." Enron , North America's biggest buyer and seller of natural gas and electricity , noted that its internal and external auditors and attorneys reviewed the related party arrangements , the Board was fully informed of and approved these arrangements , and they were disclosed in the company's SEC filings . "We believe everything that needed to be considered and done in connection with these transactions was considered and done," Lay added . As we noted on Friday , a limited partnership organized by chief financial officer Andrew Fastow racked up millions of dollars since 1997 in profits from transactions conducted with the energy company , according to The Wall Street Journal . The partnership reportedly renegotiated the terms of deals with Enron in ways that boosted its financial positions or reduced its risk of losses . REPORT: E&Y REVENUES NEARLY HALVED Later this week , Ernst & Young will announce that its revenue growth was nearly halved in the fiscal year ending June 30 , according to the Financial Times . Specifically , the Big 5 professional services firm will report that revenues rose by 7.2 percent to $9.9 billion for the year . In fiscal 2000 , revenues climbed by 14.1 percent , and by 13.5 percent the prior year . The reason for the drop in revenue growth may be that E&Y fetches most of its business from the United States , and the U.S . economy tanked in the first half of this year . "We have been successful this year , despite the economy and during a period of great challenge and change in our profession," chairman James Turley told the FT . Rival Andersen has already reported that revenues rose 10 percent this year through August 31 . Another reason for E&Y's revenue retrenchment: the strong dollar . The firm is expected to announce that revenues increased 12.4 percent in local currency terms , according to the paper . Turley told the FT that his clients are less focused on the longer term and are instead concentrating on watching expenses , cash management , debt covenant issues , and security concerns . "We're going to see more covenant violations and that will drive restructuring issues," Turley told the FT . Read On ! For More of Today in Finance **********************FROM OUR FEATURED ADVERTISER ********************** How do you track business and financial news while still keeping on top of ever-changing financial accounting rules ? By joining CFOdirect Network , where you can find daily news updates and receive PwC's exclusive analysis on hot financial accounting topics . Sign up for a free trial membership to PwC's online resource for senior financial executives at: Take CFO's Budgeting and Planning Software survey . The results of CFO's survey will be used in a December Technology Report that will examine the change management issues that surround implementations of this type of software in organizations . All responses will only be used in the aggregate . Your input is important , please take a moment and participate . Thank you ! Also on CFO.com: CAPITAL MARKETS: Banks and Brokerages Hit Hard by Economic Slump , Attack . CFO EXCELLENCE: Less Business Wanted ? It Worked for AmeriCredit . CFOs ON THE MOVE: Mint Condition ? Veteran CFO Hired at Collectors Universe . SPECIAL REPORT: Goodwill Games II: Reports from the Field . For information about advertising in this newsletter , contact Mimi Capalaces , VP of Sales . Call ( 212 ) 698-9738 or write to Get the Magazine - FREE Subscription - CFO Magazine is free to qualified readers . To subscribe go to: Become a registered user and receive FREE , unlimited access to CFO.com . Go to: Copyright ( c ) 2001 CFO Publishing Corporation To access the Unsubscribe page , click this link: This email was sent to:nancy.sellers@robertmondavi.com
FYI . If I've missed anyone who might be interested , please forward along . Best , Jeff CALIFORNIA ENERGY MARKETS Friday , October 19 , 2001 [1] Power Authority Faces Legislative Backlash After a three-month honeymoon , the new California Power Authority is being shredded in the winds of politics this week with the Legislature looking into its deals , the California Energy Commission annoyed with its monopolizing ventures and the Department of Water Resources rebuffing its plan to sell its power through state contracts . Other than skepticism from legislative staff about its microturbine bid plan , the Power Authority escaped major problems in its requests for bids for photovoltaics and fuel cells at [18] . [18] Assembly to Investigate Power Authority ( from [1] ) Is the California Power Authority a dangerously out-of-control state agency , or is it the best hope for get-ting back some state control over electricity supplies ? The Joint Legislative Audit Committee is looking into the Power Authority's role thus far in carrying out the letter and spirit of SBx2-6 in a hearing set for November 1 . The move is spearheaded by the offices of Assem-blymember Fred Keeley ( D-Boulder Creek) , the chair of the joint committee , and Assembly speaker Bob authors of the Power Authority's enabling legisla-tion , SBx2-6 . Legislative staff are questioning the Energy Foundation's unpaid role in devel-oping the Power Authority's requests for bids , particularly the RFB for microtur-bines . Only one com-pany , Capstone , can meet the requirement written into the RBF by the Energy Foundation , and staff are looking into potential overlaps between Capstone and the Energy Foundation . Political maneuvers are swirling around the Con-sumer Power and Conservation Financing Authority . Not only elected officials are concerned; the staff and heads of other agencies the Power Authority must work with are digging in their collective heels to op-pose Power Authority overtures . Tom Hannigan , di-rector of the Department of Water Resources rebuffed Power Authority board chair David Freeman's pro-posal to have it buy peaker output . California Energy Commission members said they are at policy odds with the Power Authority's siting plans . In an October 4 letter to Freeman , Hannigan said that the Power Authority's power-wind and fossil peakers-is likely too expensive , overblown and not able to respond quickly enough to balancing power needs . "The letters of intent already approved by the Power Authority could far exceed [DWR's] ability to ab-sorb that power given the outlook for net-short need." Freeman assumes that the market for Power Authority power will be via contract , not the spot market . "Selling on the spot market is difficult to finance and risky," said Power Authority spokesperson Amber Pasricha . The Power Authority is the only agency cur-rently in the position of actually being able to acquire new energy as the state's $12.5 billion bond issue to underwrite continued DWR power purchases is in limbo and the California Independent System Operator is still not creditworthy . Still , the Power Authority cannot issue bonds until it has its own economic house in order , and an Assembly investigation might jeopardize that [J.A . Savage] .
10-ish percent .
FYI . Note below that even the mighty and powerful Power Authority's own crackerjack analysis asserts that there is still a net short ( despite DWR contracts and DA "stampede") , which should leave one to believe that , contrary to Angelides' letter , the more the DA the better . Which further supports Loretta Lynch's response to the Angelides' letter that DA reduces the amount of spot power DWR has to buy . Best , Jeff CONSUMER POWER AND CONSERVATION FINANCING AUTHORITY Pace of Power Authority Renewable Portfolio Agenda is Slowed Quite possibly the most significant action taken at the October 19 Consumer Power and Conservation Financing Authority ( Power Authority ) was its inaction on contracts proposed for approval . The Power Authority has aggressively pursued a broad renewable portfolio , with the intent to approve contracts as soon as possible . Instead of approving a number of contracts on its October 19 agenda , the Power Authority deferred calendared decisions on request for bids until its November 2 meeting , acknowledging that no action can be taken until the Department of Water Resources ( DWR ) rate agreement stalemate has been resolved . Chairman Freeman stated that the Public Utility Commission's rejection of the rate agreement has created an obstacle for the Power Authority to exercise renewable contracts , to contract for peaker generation and/or to implement demand side programs . The Power Authority relies upon DWR's credit to fund these programs , and until a rate agreement is finalized the Power Authority cannot sign contracts . Freeman indicated that the Power Authority has signed letters of intent to purchase output from 14 biomass facilities in the Central Valley , as well as 400 MW generated by wind . With the Current Glut of Contracts , Why Do We Need Additional Reserves ? Kellan Flukinger , Senior Advisor to Chairman Freeman and Laura Doll , provided a detailed presentation explaining why he believes the Power Authority must contract for additional renewable and peaking generation . Flukinger believes that despite direct access and the current glut of electricity supplied in long-term contracts , there still appears to be a net short of a few thousand megawatts within the State . Flukinger concluded that the State still is at the mercy of electric generators who are not subject to PUC regulatory authority and who have no real obligation to build and maintain new facilities or to serve customers within the State . He believes that the short-term contracts and spot purchases leave the state vulnerable to price-spikes and supply shortages . He believes that the reserve can be managed through Time-of-Use and Real-Time-Pricing , conservation , interruptibles , demand side management , renewables and peakers . Power Authority Names William Barry as Chief Financial Officer William Barry was approved as Chief Financial Officer of the Power Authority at its October 19 Board meeting in Sacramento . Mr . Barry currently works for the City of San Francisco , and has worked in the past for the New York Power Authority .
Prentice: The moral of the story: Don't , for god sakes , be a CFO .
You get a hold of Bob Williams ?
Hey , I was wrong . I went back and checked . DA got as high as about 16% of total load in May 2000 . On January 1 ( contracry to Herr Angelides' letter) , DA was about 7.3% of load . On February 1 it was 3.5% . Best , Jeff
this is true . good point .
FYI . Here's a note I sent to the large customers . Have spoken with them since . They are going to write a nasty letter in response to Angelides . Also , it does not appear that the PUC can act at this meeting on the retroactivity issue--appears that due process/notice requirements prevents it . We're double checking to make sure . Best , Jeff
congratulations . just more evidence that regulation moves with lightening speed !
I'd like to do everything but the decking for the deck . We can hold off on that . In addition , I may have some "salvaged" redwood decking I may want to add to the mix once I get ready to install the decking . Best , Jeff
Thanks for the cc . Nice touch . Chalk up another one for the good guys . Best , Jeff
FYI . Please keep confidential and do not circulate . This is just the first draft of a letter we're working with the large customers on in response the Angelides tantrum . Only the large customers will sign , however . I'll forward the final when they've completed it .  Sue's working on ARM to do something akin from the suppliers side . Best , Jeff
Great question . If you think it would be useful , I can back channel to Loretta and find out . I'm of the view that this letter is more to refute Angelides , so that his wild assertions don't go unanswered in the court of public opinion . Perhaps the letter should be addressed to Angelides , instead . On the other hand , I think it is also useful to make it known to the press and the public that the PUC has the regulatory tools , processes , etc . necessary to permit customers broad latitude to manage their own energy needs on the one hand , and ensure that there's not the sort of massive cost-shifting to which Angelides refers on the other . In the public's view this has been painted as an either/or issue . Either we end direct access , or granny faces death and destruction . And that's just not the case . In fact , I think it can be argued that the scenario Angelides paints just isn't in the cards , period . But I may be missing the mark with all this and am open to other views . Let me know if you'd like me to find out if Loretta thinks the letter would help her . Could find that out in pretty short order . Best , Jeff
CONFIDENTIAL . Please don't distribute . Evie's concerned that this letter might not be welcomed by or useful to Loretta . I think it would be , but would be useful to have your/Loretta's views . Let me know . Best , Jeff
I should be able to find out something by this afternoon , or tomorrow AM at the latest . I'll get back to you as soon as I hear something . Jeff
Thank you . I would have said "governor turkey."
give me 3 dates ( very soon ) and promise that you won't cancel , change , modify , reschedule , delay , postpone , or amend . I'll find out which one works . when you leaving for NYC ? the movie sounded VERY funny ( from the riotous laughter i heard) . and those menus really do look good--maybe you could get by by giving your mom that piece of things ( with your OK , of course ) and that would make her feel like she's got a chunk of the event and it could leave you guys with the freedom to do all the other stuff . just a thought . i'm very excited but not altogether hungry . best , Jeff
Thanks very much for the update .
can you email the most recent version of the QF buy-out presentation ? I want to forward it to Tom Beach ( consultant to CCC ) prior to Wednesday . Thanks . Jeff
Jeez , nice company . Putting you up for 10 days at the Waldorf . I love that neighborhood . Anywho , I'll check those dates and get back to you .
Talked to someone at the PUC ( and I'll be talking to additional folks over there) . Question: Do we know what volumes through Blythe have been ? One thing that might be happening is that SoCal's restricting flows at Topock in order to ensure minimum volumes through Blythe . Best , Jeff
didn't listen to all of it , but sounds like they ain't making a heckuvalot of progress with edision on getting paid or getting the 5.37 cents put in place .
Hi Brad: I finally got in touch with the people from Perfect . They'll be in Houston on the 15th and the 22nd of November . Either of those days work for you ? If so , any time preference ? Best , Jeff
FYI . I ran into Bryson last Friday . He told me ( insisted , in fact ) that Edison was paying everyone in February . He told me ( insisted , again ) that they would have all necessary approvals from the PUC in the next several weeks . He said that once those approvals are in place , they'll quickly get financing in place to ensure a February payment date--for everyone . I said that was great news but that the market didn't seem quite as certain . He was pretty firm . He also said that it was too late for anyone to take them into bankruptcy involuntarily , that a judge wouldn't go for it . Did you know if Lay every talk to Bryson ? Best , Jeff
Quck question: w.r.t . to the stipulation with Edison . 1 ) Do we care that D . Douglas will know what our claim ( or proposed settlement amount is) , i.e. , do we prefer that Dan sign a confidentiality agreement ? 2 ) When we file the stipulation at the Commission , do we care that the universe will see the number , i.e. , do we prefer to file any such stipulation under seal at the Commission ? Not sure if this matters whatsoever . But it might . Who's the person that needs to answer these questions ? Best , Jeff
Paul: Got your voice mail regarding Anthony Pescetti running for a FERC seat . Here are some quick thoughts . Sue likely has some additional experiences and information to share . Be happy to discuss further . Republican assemblymember from the Sacramento area . Was a member of the Sacramento muni utility district prior to going to the legislature . Republican ( minority ) head of the assembly electricity oversight committee ( the one that Rod Wright chairs) . Don't recall that he's ever seen a a pro-utility bill that he didn't like . In fact , he sponsored some legislation just this past session that would have locked the utilities in to major parts of the gas industry , and specifically wold have locked out competition . It was strongly opposed by industry and defeated . When push came to shove , I can't think of a time he didn't side with the utilities . Even when the Assembly Republicans were doing of good job of bottling up Davis' ridiculous bailout bills in Rod Wright's committee , Pescetti seemed to go along more to tweek the Democrats than to foster competition . And even then , he followed; he didn't lead--other , more junior , members on the committee led . Can't recall a time that he's been there for us . I'd be happy to talk with him , but if we need someone at the Rick level to contact him , that's great , too . Just let me know . Best , Jeff
Greetings: Hope all's going well in your new venture ( or semi-new venture at this point) . You finishing this semester ? Anyway , I was reading this press account and was wondering if you new this fellow when you were at Lehman . If so , any insights ? Sort of an interesting career path . Say hi to your better half . Best , Jeff California Power Authority Taps SFPUC's Berry as New CFO SAN FRANCISCO -- Bill Berry will soon leave his job with San Francisco's public utility commission to head up finances for California 's newly formed power authority , which is authorized to issue $5 billion in revenue bonds . The board of the California Consumer Power and Conservation Financing Authority on Friday selected Berry as its first chief financial officer . He will start in his new position in early November . The authority was established earlier this year as a result of the state's energy crisis , and is charged with promoting energy conservation efforts and increasing California 's capacity to generate electricity .  Berry is currently the assistant general manager of finance and administration at the utility commission , which provides water and sewer services to the city and some neighboring counties , as well as hydroelectric power for San Francisco government operations . Berry has been at the SFPUC since 1999 , overseeing finance , personnel and training , information technology , and customer service . He also helped develop the commission's long-range strategic plan and 10-year capital improvement program , which may eventually entail requests for voters to approve more than $4 billion in bonds . Berry worked for a start-up Internet company in Palo Alto from 1996 to 1998 before joining the commission . From 1985 to 1996 , Berry was an investment banker at Lehman Brothers in San Francisco , specializing in financing municipal and state-owned power , water , and wastewater systems , according to a release from the power authority . He also managed debt financing , financial planning , investment portfolios , and investor relations while a vice president of corporate finance for the New York Power Authority from 1979 until 1985 . He helped develop the authority's first conservation program . In his new postion as CFO , Berry will earn $185,000 annually . Calls to Berry and the SFPUC seeking comment were not returned by press time .
Tom: Here's the presentation that we'll go over with you tomorrow . If you have any questions between now and then , just give me a call at 415.782.7822 . What number should I call you at tomorrow ? Best , Jeff
at the all-employee meeting , someone just asked Lay if he was on crack . broke the place up . jeff
Oh , great . Our next call will be from Steve Peace .
thanks .
Great questions . Some brief responses . We can discuss further tomorrow .
Molly gets all her picks from "The Living Guide to Picking NFL Winners" by Martha Stewart . Note on p . 12 of this months version: Martha shows how to make hanging planters out of the jock straps worn by the front line of the New England Patriots .
Here it is . It's somewhat quick , but I don' t know what your timeline is ( hopefully quick) . Let me know what you think ( hope you don't mind that I modified your title) . Any word from Loretta re: whether a letter from big customers would help in the fight against tantrums from Angelides ? Best , Jeff
Greetings . In case Martin's interested.. . Best , Jeff
Forget that , I'm expecting a new hanging planter for Christmas . ( Tee hee) . Kisses , Jeff
Thanks . Sounds good . Did you say that you're living out in west Marin now ( one of my favorite places and old stomping grounds) ? I'm one of the many , the shameful , that's not finishing ( though I'll only have one class in the Spring . Take care . Best , Jeff
I'm reporting this obvious attempt at collusion and pool-fixing to the commissioner ! Figures that the Commissioner's wife is in on it . ( Isn't that always the way it is? )
Well , not just any jock strap . Maybe you could model a few and I can pick one . Don't want it to clash with the furniture... .
Guess who ? Me again . You thought about having your guy Jack ( who's likely got the most juice of anyone in the group ) go to the Governor and tell him to tell Angelides to knock it off and to back off ? Second , what do you think about sending the letter directly to Angelides--after all , he's the one who's being a chowder head--and cc'ing Loretta ? Third , I should be able to get you something on our view of RTOs . Best , Jeff
dee-lish-ush dinner--the tart was especially yummy . thanks very much . by the way , was that a regular tart ?
FYI . Left him a message . Will report back when we hook up . Best , Jeff
Thank you , O wise one . I'm sure that Jack will thank you for preserving his fluids .
thanks .
I talked to John Fielder ( SVP Edison ) about setting up a meeting for Barry Tycholiz with Edison's CFO about hedging Edison's QF price risk . Fielder wanted to talk about the negative CTC issue . Here's what he said: They plan to "settle" with the ESPs and pay them when they pay everyone else , which he re-iterated would be sometime in Q1'02 . Edison is holding firm to the notion that the negative CTC contributed to the utility's undercollection and that the ESP's share of the undercollection has to be netted against the payables attributable to the negative CTC and owed the ESP . He said that they will propose to net it out in one of two ways: 1 ) lump sum netting ( i.e. , if they owe $50MM and the share of the undercollection is $30 MM , then they pay the ESP $20 MM; or 2 ) future reductions in PX Credit ( i.e. , they pay the ESP $50 MM , and then reduce the PX going forward until the $30 MM is paid down) . The numbers are illustrative only . In addition , he said that they have the view that a decision is going to have to be made about 1 ) whether DA customers pay for stranded costs tied to the DWR L-T contracts , and 2 ) whether DA customers pay going forward for stranded costs tied to the QF contracts . ( Edison is clearly lobbying the PUC to get DA customers to pay for these costs. ) I recommended strongly that he de-link issues 1 and 2 above from the issue of paying us ASAP what they owe us for negative CTC . He agreed . He said that the PUC judge's recently issued pre-hearing conference order requires that Edison "meet and confer" with ESPs prior to the Nov . 7th hearing , and that Edison intends to set something up with ESPs prior to that hearing . Fielder is also the point person on "getting ESPs paid" and intends to initiate settlement discussions with ESPs week after next . It was very clear from the conversation that Edison is going to do everything possible ( at the expense of creditors ) to maximize headroom under the settlement it struck with the PUC a few weeks ago . Edison's stalemate with the QFs is evidence of it . We shouldn't assume anything different with the Negative CTC issue . If you have any questions , let us know . Best , Jeff
Apologies , don't know how in the heck I missed you on the list . ( You know just clawing and backstabbing my way to the top. ) Anywho , here's the note that I just sent . Let me know if there's anyone else that I embarassingly missed . Best , Jeff
Dan: Is this also information that you'd like to be kept apprised of . Just let me know . Best , Jeff
Wanda: I faxed the examples that Edison faxed us and that you and Michael and I talked about some time back . I'm sure that's how Edison would calculate it . Does it make sense to run the numbers and see what our "contribution" to Edison's undercollection would be under Edison's view ? If you need another copy , let me know . Question: I don't know what our book looks like on this issue , but if we were to take the "netting" through a reduction in the PX credit going forward , how much of a hit would that be , particularly if we were to get the $120 MM up front ? Best , Jeff
Thank you . Please let Michael know that we'll be coming in business casual attire . Hope that's OK . Best , Jeff
FYI .
Talked to Edison about getting a meeting with Craver . They're going to get back to me . Best , Jeff
Edison did not bring up the refund issue at all ( doesn't mean that they won't , though) . Agree on the AB 1890 issue . The clock stops in March of '02 . Best , Jeff
Do we run the risk of them saying , Enron , on average your customers represented 5% of the load , therefore you owe us 5% of the undercollection , or $3B * 0.05 = $150M ? That's my biggest concern . Thoughts ?
Need to think about it a bit . Here's some of what we know based on the settlement: After they contribute all cash on their books and agree to eat a little , the PUC is allowing them to collect somewhere between $3.0-3.3B--depends on who you talk to . The total owed to ESPs is $243 MM .
Sorry I missed your call . Thanks very much . Wanted to make sure that I had the correct copies for release . Best , Jeff
Here's what I'll do . I'll go back and look at the materials they sent us . Maybe you could do the same , so at least we have an idea of what they'll claim our "contribution" is . Best , Jeff
PS Ask me how tired of this bleeping issue I am . Hang in there .
Under Angelides flawed reasoning , shouldn't energy efficiency be outlawed , since every kilowatt saved means less money to pay DWR for the contracts and the bonds to fill the hole in the state budget ? Why pick on DA ? Best , Jeff
I asked Mike Day to make sure that we were kept in the distribution loop on this stuff . Best , Jeff
Does Martha approve of aloe vera ?
I'll give you a call and fax you some materials that Edison uses to justify their position . Best , Jeff
It's Baldwin . Let me know what dates you want to meet and I'll set it up . Best , Jeff
I'll set it up . This Firday is not good . I'll shoot for Monday or Tuesday . DWR's in Sacramento . Mark is 50 miles east of SF in Livermore . Best , Jeff
What's your fax number ?
thanks . it's on its way . i'll give you a call , or give me a call when you've had a chance to look at it . i'll include steve swain on the fax .
Sounds good .
Greetings: Thanks for talking the other day . Quick question . Are the minimum flows at Blythe set in the BCAP ? Presumably , SoCal's 100% at risk for the flows/dollars once they're set ? Or is there some proportionate sharing ? And what's the sharing , if any on the upside ? If I'm missing something , or don't have this right , let me know . Best , Jeff
Talked to Pescetti yesterday . Prior to returning my call , he had received the information that Joe Kelliher had already been appointed to the open Republican spot , and therefore understands that there's no longer a Republican seat to run for . We had a good talk . I told him that reinstating DA was the most important energy issue facing California . Best , Jeff
Could you forward the gas daily article ? Thanks . Jeff
u still in DC ? jeff
Could you make sure that whomever's doing the letter to the California Ds gets a copy to me and Sue ( want to keep the family happy , don't you know) . Thanks a million . Boy do we need the cash from that merger . Please hurry . Best , Jeff
You know what is more recently ? Reason I ask is that in the past , when volumes have been low , SoCal's had to "prop up" flows , i.e. , keep a minimum at Blythe for "operational reasons" to serve San Diego ( they said) . So ( just to give them the benefit of the doubt) , I was wondering if there might be something to that recently . Pure speculation , but wondering if you had any info . Because I certainly can't think of ANY other reason for their behavior . I'm calling another PUC staffer today to discuss . In the meantime , are we continuing to make the request to SoCal for service ? Might be a good idea to keep doing that . Best , Jeff
Yes . I called him yesterday after the call and filled him in on all the details . So he's up to speed; but feel free to forward . Best , Jeff Also , didn't want to put in the note , but I got the impression from Fielder that he's not real keen on extending the stipulation . But I think we should push it , if for no other reason than to keep the PUC out of it .
u get message from tribolet . re: px credit call at 4 pm ( CDT) ? jeff
Thanks . Laurie: I'll assume that we'll meet at 7:45-8:00 at the front desk to coordinate a little bit ? Best , Jeff
You know , I ran into Martha once ( literally ) in Washington D.C .
I like it.......you first .
Hi Mark: Any chance of meeting with you and the gang from DWR on Monday morning or sometime Tuesday ? Best , Jeff
no . body to body .
Calif Resells Surplus Power At A Loss In Second Quarter LOS ANGELES -(Dow Jones)- The California agency buying power in lieu of the state's ailing utilities resold electricity in the spot market during the second quarter at an average price of $45 a megawatt-hour , the agency said Wednesday . The announcement by the California Department of Water Resources was an answer to critics who blasted the department this summer for having to resell surplus power for as little as $1 a megawatt-hour because it secured too much electricity under long-term contracts negotiated by the administration of Gov . Gray Davis , the department said . In a press release , the department's California Energy Resources Scheduling division , its power-marketing arm , said it resold 224,871 megawatt-hours , or 1.1% of its total purchases . That power generally was first bought on the spot market or through monthly or quarterly contracts , not the long-term contracts , the department said . Such sales are typical of any power-buying operation , as demand for electricity can vary in unpredictable ways , the department said . The DWR is responsible for buying all the power needed by the customers of the state's three main utilities beyond what the utilities generate themselves or have secured under their own long-term contracts - or about one-third of the total . According to the DWR , power secured under Davis' long-term contracts covers one-third to one-half of the electricity it must supply . Short-term deals , such as monthly or quarterly contracts , represent one-third of the portfolio . The rest is bought in the spot market . The state has put its average cost of power under the long-term contracts at 7.9 cents per kilowatt-hour for the first five years and 6.9 cents per kilowatt-hour for the next five years . Davis has taken heat for locking up too much electricity at high prices . Similarly , the Department of Water Resources has been criticized for amateurish purchasing practices . The DWR releases information on its power transactions quarterly to protect its negotiating position , the department said . The DWR buys power for customers of PG&E Corp . ( PCG ) unit Pacific Gas & Electric , Edison International ( EIX ) unit Southern California Edison and Sempra Energy ( SRE ) unit San Diego Gas & Electric .
Nice presentation . Look out Horowitz! ! My suggestions are attached . Two other things: 1 ) If you're not fully prepared to defend the numbers on the "blunders" slide , I'd reconsider using it . There may be press there , and they may press you on them . 2 ) In place of the Jefferson quote ( "freedom fighter" may be viewed as somewhat over the top--though I'm in complete agreement--) , you might try the J.S . Mills quote "When in doubt , always trust markets." Finally , in these sensitive times , the term "hostage" may not be viewed as 100% sensitive . Best , Jeff
Those were Rick's and Steffe's . I was never sure where they came from and didn't use them , per se . We can talk more about it .
Sue will take the lead on the ARM filing . Let's discuss further the idea of a separate Enron filing--pros and cons to each . Sue and Jeanne Bennett discussed and thought coalition filings would be preferable , but let's talk about it . Best , Jeff
FYI . The California AG has announced that he is investigating conflict of interest charges against consultants who were involved with arranging DWR's long term power contracts . May be part of Davis' attempt to "re-negotiate" the contracts . There's been some assertions that , under California law , any contracts negotiated by consultants with financial conflict of interests must be nullified .
Didn't work . Was it in yesterday's gas daily ? If so , I can access it . Thanks very much for your help . Best , Jeff
Hey Suzie , what's up with that weather . And speaking of up , our stock's up today! ! Keep your fingers crossed . Best , Jeff
on phone with DWR trying to get a meeting for Tycholiz . will get on phone pronto .
Thanks .
you're such a kidder .
bumpy times . gonna take alot of work to come back . i'll fill you in some time .
talked to karen denne . she saw presentation and agrees . she's going to call sue .
fyi . sue's at home . try her cell phone 415.902.4108 . best , Jeff
Sue's presentation .
And here are my comments .
FYI .
got your message . one set of golf clubs--right-handed--is all that i'll need ( well , that and about 100 golf lessons!) . thanks for your help . Best , Jeff
His name is Sean Steele . I'll have his number pronto .
Oops . It's Shawn , not Sean . And here's what I got . Shawn Steele 323-951-9000 ( law office ) 818-841-5210 ( Rep . Party HQ )
Thank you .
Sorry about that . I'll get back to you with some other dates .
Jim: Let Jeremy know that there will be some big dogs ( i.e. , large customers ) coming out with guns a'blazin' on this and that we're working closely with them . Also , Sue and I discussed , and we can't see any reason why we wouldn't want very long , very dragged out hearings on this . The longer the issue drags on , the more exposed DWR will be , the greater the likelihood of DWR contract negotiation , and the tougher it will be to drag the suspension date back to July 1 . In addition , hearings would ( finally ) force DWR to answer some questions---this time under oath , and possibly with the press present , which would be very beneficial--I'm talking to other folks to try to get Loretta make that happen . Either of you see any reason why we wouldn't want to have hearings ? Best , Jeff
Thanks very much . I'll try to subscribe again . Hey , forgive me for being a snoop , but do you not wear glasses at all anymore ? Signed , Four eyes
I thought that might be the case . Didn't want to be so bold as to bring it up , though . You looked great with glasses . You look great without them . Thanks again for the email . Best , Jeff
Hey , I can't find steve kelly's email . can you forward this to him ?
I'm not interested . But is it more , or less , than you described ?
which game is it ?
you're fired .
Seems like something IEP would certaintly be way out in front on . After suppliers' last experience with the PUC's planning process , seems like they'd aggressively go after its return in a very big way .
Trying again . Best , Jeff
Prentice will call you .
The generators are going to go nuts over this . They'll do all the pounding needed on their own . Calpine will likely lead the charge , which should be interesting... .
How do the 13th or 20th of November work ?
Baldwin's traveling--meeting with DWR today . But he knows we want to meet and knows the days we're talking about--left a message with his secretary . I suspect that , if DWR is free on either Monday or Tuesday , we'll be meeting . Followed up with Fielder this morning . He's at an off-site all day and is supposed to call me back COB today . He knows we want to meet with Craver and offered to set it up . If he hasn't got it scheduled when I talk to him , I'll go directly to Craver . I'll hopefully have things more set in stone by end of today or tomorrow by noon . That work ? Best , Jeff
I'll contact Lydia and you'll have materials well in advance of the meeting .
Hi Lydia: Could you let me know what time in the afternoon of November 13th works with Brad's schedule ? Will need 60 minutes . Thanks very much for your help . Best , Jeff
It's going to be sometime in the afternoon on the 13th .
Nice job . In line with your letter , and in response to Wood's questionnaire about rolling the suspension date back to July 1 , don't you think it is absolutely necessary to have hearings in order to establish a record prior to any decision ? Wood throws around the $10 billion number in his questionnaire ( ruling , whatever) , without any substantiation whatsoever . Shouldn't DWR and its rev . req . be thoroughly scrutinized in the hearing room before making a decision . Seems logical though 1 ) logic has prevailed much lately and 2 ) I'm not a lawyer , so I could be missing the boat completely . Best , Jeff
Baldwin's secretary called . He's going to check with DWR and get back to me tomorrow morning regarding whether Monday or Tuesday will work . Best , Jeff
Greetings: Unlucky you . It's me again , calling about setting up a meeting with Ms Doll . Any word ? Greatly appreciate your efforts . Best , Jeff
No problem . No hurry . Whenever you've got it ready is great . Best , Jeff
Jim: Thanks for getting people together . There are ( at least ) 3 things going on here: 2 ) Edison "meet and confer" ( on Monday ? sez Williams ) to discuss the prehearing conference at the PUC on Nov . 7th . 3 ) Edison meeting to discuss settlement of PX credit that Fielder's coordinating . 2 and 3 are , of course , extremely related . It is critical that gov't affairs ( you or me or both ) be completely involved in items 2 and 3 above , and frankly , i think that one of us needs to be at the meeting . No finger pointing , but our litigation strategy with edison thus far has been wanting . We have a number yet for the call ? Best , Jeff
Hi Bob: Could you please leave on my voicemail the call-in number to discuss the meet and confer call that's happening with Edison ? When exactly is that meeting ? Is it California or Houston . Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
Let's try this . It's all inter-related . PG&E , the prehearing conference and our workout with Edison . Can we have one call that you includes all who need to be involved ? ( I'm thinking , Steffes , you , Tribolet , me . Mellencamp , Wanda , Sue) . That make sense ? Let me know . Easiest thing would likely be to set up a call-in number ( I'm mobile today) . Thanks alot . Best , Jeff
Hi . You guys gloating over the fact that the Yankees are getting CRUSHED by the D-Backs ? Hope you're both well . Best , Jeff
FYI . In case you'd like to listen in on what the IOUs have to say about the current and future fate of the PX Credit . Best , Jeff
There is currently a meeting set for this Thursday at 11 AM ( PST ) at Edison headquarters in Rosemead . Best , Jeff
Craver , Edison's CEO , is traveling and won't be back in the office until Wednesday . I'm trying to arrange something with his office . Might need to take two cars if you've got other meetings set up . I'll give you a call to discuss . Jeff
The pleasure was all mine . You did a fantastic job with the presentation ( both developing and presenting it) . Likewise , it lifted my spirits in these challenging times to meet someone as talented ( and fun! ) as you . Hope our paths cross again often . Never hesitate to get in touch if there's anything I can do . Best , Jeff
Thanks to all of you for your help with this . Made my participation practically effortless , and more important , alot of fun . Great job . Best , Jeff
Actually , I'm travelling tomorrow . If we could do it between 8 and 9:30 AM ( PST) , that would work . Otherwise , I'll need to do Wednesday if possible . Best , Jeff
Horowitz never had a chance .
Really appreciate it . Will you be attending ?
Great . Just to make sure . I've got an address of 3310 El Camino , Suite 120 . This correct ? Is there a number there in case something comes up ? Best , Jeff
3310 El Camino ( Sacramento) . Suite 120 .
Just sent you yahoo map/directions on how to get to DWR .
Hi Cynthia: I'm not sure if I'm going about this correctly , but Joseph's out today , so I thought I'd give it a shot . I need to rent a car tomorrow Tuesday , Oct . 30 ( pick up at 7:30 AM and return it on Wed . Oct . 31 at 7:30 AM ( want to rent from the Hertz outlet on Mason Street in SF , which is where I always rent) . Is this something that you folks generally arrange , or do I just do it ? Is there a corporate account # I'll need if I do it ? Really appreciate your help . Best , Jeff
Hey , I've got a "devil" of an idea to try to keep our weekend from becoming "hellish." Should we start emailing what we need to do/get ? I can go to Rainbow on Thursday night to get staples ( understanding that there may be some speciality items that we can pick up out there , e.g. , oysters , cowgirl creamery , knave of hearts bakery , etc .
Greetings: The Commission denied it . Work is underway to appeal the Commission's decision to the courts . Sue Mara is taking the lead on this for us . She can update you on where the appeal stands . Be great to get you support for/participation in the appeal . Best , Jeff
Sounds good . My cell phone number is 415.505.6633 . Jeff
Can we have chat again between now and COB Wednesday ( like we did night before PG&E meeting ) to get ourselves in order for the Edison meeting ?
Obviously worth the time . Great letter . Thanks for sharing.. . Best , Jeff You folks gearing up to respond to Karl Woods questions regarding why the suspension should be pushed back to July 1 ?
You folks giving this to the press ? Might be useful .
You won't believe this . Jerry Bloom left me a message . Wants to talk , though I wouldn't get my hopes up . I'll let you know what he says . Best , Jeff
You have time to talk a bit more about what we were discussing on the call ? In particular , impact on the book of negotations around the PX credit calc going foward ? Jeff
I have a 3 . I'll call at 4 .
Thanks so much . Really appreciate it . Best , Jeff
Thanks . See you at 10 .
FYI . Suggested addressing it to Angelides , but they didn't want to "dignify" his letter . They decided that , ultimately , Loretta's in charge , and addressed it to her . Had a great talk with Sarah . She's following up on a few things . You may want to touch base with her re: hearings on DWR rev . req . You ever received my ( modest ) edits to the Karl Wood letter ? Best , Jeff PS Is that article you sent me re: bad contracts from today's papers ?
Does this mean I shouldn't have talked to the Journal regarding my views of merger ? Ooops . I'll refer inquiries to you from now on... . Seriously , hope ( given the circumstances ) that all finds you well . Best , Jeff
With respect to past due PX credit amounts , Edison has told folks today that: Edison will distribute a one-pager by mid-day tomorrow laying out its proposal for how to handle payment of past due PX credit amounts . Edison is trying to meet individually with all ESPs prior to the Nov . 7th prehearing conference at the PUC to discuss and hopefully reach agreement with ESPs on its proposal . Edison hopes to make progress with the ESPs between now and the Nov . 7th prehearing conference , and if so , intends to tell the judge that the PUC should delay action on the complaints pending settlement . We'll distribute Edison's proposal as soon as we get it . Best , Jeff
Couple of additional pieces of information: In conjunction with the issue paying ESPs past due PX amounts , Edison has affirmed that it will be making a proposal regarding how it wants to calculate the PX credit going forward . It remains unclear whether Edison will try to fold controversial issues into negotiations on getting paid past due PX credit amounts(e.g. , PX credit contributed to undercollection and therefore DA customers should help pay down the undercollection; DA customers must pay for stranded DWR contracts , etc.) . So while Edison is making good noises about wanting to settle ( which is a certainly a step in the right direction) , it's still unclear whether they intend to attach terms to the deal that make the whole thing a nonstarter . Got a call into John Fielder to try to get answers to some of these questions . Will report back when ( and if ) we get some answers . Best , Jeff
Fielder's traveling today . Left him a long message on his voicemail and asked him to get back to me as soon as he gets a chance . Best , Jeff
Steve: Been wanting to drop you a line to say , Hang in there . You're a remarkable individual , and it's great working with you . As far as I'm concerned--and there are many with a similar view--I'm ready to do whatever it takes to help turn things around . You can count on that . ( Now if we can just find something left to turn around . Kidding. ) If there's anything you need , please don't hesitate to let me know . Please give my regards to Ken . Best , Jeff
I'm only coming if Molly comes as Martha .
thank you .
The call was pretty tough . Quick side bar: Edison is very concerned about TURN getting a stay from the court on the EIX/PUC settlement .  At the start of the call , Fielder said that he'd fax me the judge's ruling in the TURN appeal , but based on how the call went , I'm not sure if he'll send it . As we conjectured sometime back , Edison is indeed talking about charging us ( through a reduced PX credit ) for our "share" of the undercollection . Our "share" would be paid down through a reduction in the PX credit over the life of the settlement ( presumably about 2-3 years) . In short , with one hand Edison would pay us what they owe us; with the other hand , Edison would take it back . Edison intends ( as we conjectured ) to base the amount of the undercollection owed by DA customers on the percentage of load they represent ( e.g. , if DA is ( was ) 10% of the load , they would pay for 10% of the undercollection) . We had a very "animated" discussion that went back and forth for some time . I told him that there's been some gross misunderstanding since his proposal simply doesn't track . Fielder said that they believe their argument is solid . Here's how we left it--he's going to get back to us by COB today or tomorrow and tell us what Edison's calculation is of our "share" of the undercollection . We can discuss further on the call that Wanda's setting up for tomorrow . If you have any questions between now and then , give a holler . Best , Jeff
FYI . Martin may be interested . Best , Jeff
Well , we had the right person handling the call , that's for sure . Best , Jeff
Looks good .
Under the circumstances , I am leaning toward cancelling ( I was originally only going to participate on Monday anyway , and Sue hadn't planned on attending . Neither Rick nor Jim can attend. ) If there's a compelling reason that you think I should attend , let me know . Otherwise I'll let Bev know that we'll take a rain check on this one . Best , Jeff
Greetings Severin: No , I'm not writing inquiring about employment as a research analyst ( despite Enron's woes , which I'm sure you've been reading about) . However , my fiancee , Prentice Sellers , who got her MBA from Haas last May , is actively looking for work at an interesting place . I wanted to let you know that she has applied for a position at the consulting firm that you're affiliated with . Forgive the less-than-objective plug , but she's extremely bright and talented and did very well at Haas . Prior to attending Haas , she worked at LECG , where she was highly praised for her work and consistently got rave reviews . She'd be a valuable asset to the firm and is worth giving a serious look . Thanks for reading this paid advertisment . On another note , I thought the Hoover conference was extremely good . You and Sweeney did a great job . What was your impression ? I've noticed that it got some decent press . Best , Jeff
It was good to see you . No thanks needed . I'm pretty sure that I can get you the info on the plants--it's in the contracts and I'm fairly certain that we have that analysis . How'd the meeting with PG&E go ? You get back to Houston OK ? Best , Jeff
I'll get back to you on teh plants as soon as I can . Best , Jeff
FYI .
Groovy .
what's the name of the borenstein consulting firm that you're applying too ?
Professor: Thanks for the response . However , I sent you a copy with a few egregious typos . Since it is still October 31 , I hope you'll discard that copy and replace it with this one , which I think is now typo-free . My apologies for the mix-up and thanks for your consideration . You'll note that this copy is dated "1031," whereas the previous copy was dated "1029." Best , Jeff
Best of luck . Stay in touch . You thinking of working in France ?
PLEASE do not overreact , but I want you to have this information . Hang in there everyone . Jeff
FYI .
Hey , how ya doing ?
Thanks , ain't going near it . How's things going out there on your end--settling down at all ? Best , Jeff
Got the fax . Thank you .
I saw the letter from Peace to CalPERS . As far as I know , Peace can't force CalPERS to do anything , including file a shareholder suit . Therefore , I'm not sure if we gain anything by responding , or taking other action . Thoughts ? Best , Jeff
I'm not positive . The best way to find out is to call the Public Advisor at the PUC directly . He'll be happy to fill you in on how to get on the list of speakers . And I'm sure it's very easy to do . I'll definitely give you a heads up regarding the Wednesday calls , though they've really wound down alot since the Legislature took off for vacation . Hope all is well . Best to you and yours , Jeff
Good plan .
Thanks . Anyone there you would recommend as a point of contact/entry ? Best , Jeff
Got your message . As soon as I get a hold of Williams--not sure where he is--we'll have the call . Hopefully we can do it within the next 30 minutes or so . That work for you ? And when it happens , I can conference folks in using my phone . What's your direct dial . Best , Jeff P.S . Sanity is a good thing .
Thanks . Talk to you soon .
Thanks very much for helping Aida .
Bob's secretary called to tell me that Bob's at a doctor's appt and will be back in the office around noon Houston time . We'll shoot for around noon CST to have the call . I'll conference folks in from my phone . Best , Jeff
We need to start figuring out as soon as possible: What we want to accomplish at the hearing . What our posture/message will be . What to expect from the judge/commissioner and if and how we want to respond . What to expect from others and if and how we want to be prepared to respond . How to coordinate with other parties prior to the prehearing conference . How to ensure we're well coordinated with our other efforts ( e.g. , PG&E bankruptcy and Edison negotiations ) Sue and I can take the call from this end , and presumably Mike and Jeanne you can team up in a room on your end , so we can conference everyone in using our phones . Please let me know if this works for everyone . Thanks a bunch . Best , Jeff
Thanks . That's why I was calling . I'll continue to work to set up . Any particular time , day , etc. ?
Also , GWF is a QF developper from back in the days when QFs roamed the earth . Rather small player at that as best as we can tell .
USA: Customer choice can boost 'green power' use-study . NEW YORK , Nov 2 ( Reuters ) - Giving consumers more energy supply choices could boost use of cleaner electricity sources by 40 percent by the end of the decade , regardless of whether the market is deregulated , a federal study said . But there's a catch . While 10 percent of U.S . electricity already comes from hydro and another 2 percent comes from wind , solar and geothermal sources , stimulating alternative energy demand to meet the 40-percent goal will require more so-called green pricing programs , which are often more expensive to the consumer . According to the study , pushing consumers to adopt electricity alternatives besides coal , oil , gas or nuclear will require utilities to offer green power choices . Indeed , the study showed some customers will 'go green' even if the price is higher than conventional sources . "Market research consistently shows that consumers prefer to receive their power from clean energy sources . . . giving consumers energy supply choices can be a powerful mechanism for moving renewable energy into the marketplace," said Blair Swezey , co-author of the study . Swezey works at National Renewable Energy Laboratory , which conducted the study along with the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory . Both organizations are U.S . Department of Energy national laboratories . The study does not advocate competitive markets over regulated markets , but suggests utilities in states without competition should offer their customers green products . "If competitive retail markets fail to materialize , utility programs must pick up the slack," said Ryan Wiser of Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , another co-author of the study . CALIFORNIA CAVEAT Green power marketing had seen success in states with retail market competition , such as in California .  But in the wake of California 's heavily publicized deregulation crisis , the state seems to have backed away from deregulation , and green power has been one of the victims . "The California experience shows that the transition to competitive retail power markets will not be smooth," Wiser added , noting that at least until California makes up its mind regarding the fate of deregulation , green power programs will remain on the back-burner . More than 85 utilities in 29 states out of more than 500 utilities nationwide give consumers the option to choose to buy power from renewable sources , meaning much of the potential growth for green power use has not yet materialized . Non-hydro renewables provide about 2 percent , or 16,500 megawatts ( MW) , of all the electricity used in the United States . Hydropower provides about 10 percent . With the expansion of customer choice , the study found the market could support about 6,000 MW of additional non-hydro renewables over the next decade . National Renewable Energy Laboratory , based in Golden , Colorado , is a research center for alternative fuels managed by Midwest Research Institute , technology developer Battelle and global engineering firm Bechtel . Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , of Berkeley , California ,  is a scientific research center managed by the University of California . 
Hey , you guys having fun yet ? Did you watch the game last night ? The Yankees are awesome--Eldon's been submitted to the loony bin . Best , Jeff
Yesterday , we discussed that Edison is likely going to try to jerk around ESPs , QFs and generators on past due amounts under its settlement with the PUC . Here's the latest on what they're doing to the QFs . Best , Jeff
OK .
?  We met with Edison yesterday in the attempt to settle our negative CTC claim . ?  Edison continues to take a very hard-line , extreme position . This is it in a nutshell: 1 . all customers--bundled and DA alike--"contributed to Edison's undercollection" and all customers must pay it down; 2 . bundled customers contributed through frozen rates and DA customers contributed through the negative CTC; 3 . Edison says it will pay ESPs past due amounts related to the negative CTC , but it intends to then turn around and assess a charge on all customer bills--DA and bundled alike--to recover its undercollection . 4 . Edison intends to collect it over approximately 2 years . Edison estimates that the charge to DA customers over this period would be about $25-27/MWH . 5 . Under Edison's plan , Enron would likely end up paying Edison , i.e. , the present value of the "undercollection" charge would exceed the present value of the lump sum negative CTC payment . ?  Obviously , with respect to any settlement with Edison , we're extremely far apart and we're therefore considering other options . ?  In the meantime , the California PUC is engaged in DA and PX credit-related activities beginning next week and Edison will try to get the Commission to adopt their proposal . ?  We are working with other market participants and gearing up to vigorously oppose Edison's proposal at the PUC . ?  We will distribute something on Monday describing our approach and tactics at the PUC for folks to review and comment on . ?  We are scheduled to meet with Edison again next Thursday to try to knock some sense into them ( the probability of which is low) . If you have any questions , let us know . Best , Jeff
Greetings Ms Kahl: Few things: 1 ) No , I'm not looking for employment in the face of Enron's current financial "challenges." 2 ) Could you forward Michael's email address to me ? 3 ) Are you aware of what Edison's going to be proposing at the PUC on Nov . 7th w.r.t . how it intends to recoup its "undercollection" under its settlement with the PUC . In short , all DA customers , irrespective of whether they were taking from Edison at the time that Edison accrued the "undercollection," would be "responsible" for paying . Which means DA customers would pay twice for power--once to their ESP and now , again , to Edison . Is this something that your clients care about ? We care quite a bit . One of the big issues is whether there ought to be hearings on all of this , or whether Karl Wood ought to just be able to push rates around based on briefs only . We feel pretty strongly that hearings are required . One of our big concerns is that this will be the tip of the iceberg , i.e. , Edison will continue on after this in an attempt to force all kinds of costs on customers . You have a view on whether hearings are required ? More importantly do your clients have an interest in all of this , and will you be there on the 7th ? Inquiring minds want to know . Hope you're well . Please don't travel over any bridges . Best , Jeff
Still working on the large customers...Will let you know ( but don't hold your breath) .
yes .
Greetings Janelle: Got your message . I will call you first think Monday to discuss . Best , Jeff
Baltimore 4 Miami 8 Indy 14 Jags 3 Atlanta 10 GB 2 SF 13 Philly 12 Bears 7 SD 11 Skins 6 NO 9 Raiders 5
Hope the trip to SF went well .
Well , it was too brief , and I didn't get to work with you nearly as much as I'd hoped . But when I did , it was very enjoyable . All the best . These are strange and unsettling days , but it seems that the best among us always land on their feet , so I'm sure that's where you'll end up . Take care and hope to cross paths again soon . Best , Jeff
It was good to see you . Glad you had a good time .
Does it make sense to have a quick call ( 15-30 minutes ) just to update you on the status of Edison/PG&E talks , what's going on at the PUC , etc. ? Let me know . Today looks pretty good for me to try to do it . Best , Jeff
Talked to Craver's office . His office is going to get back to me about meeting at Edison early next week . That work for you ? Best , Jeff
We continue to trade voicemails . One of these times , we'll catch each other . I'll report back just as soon as we do . Best , Jeff
will do .
O boy , I feel another planting binge coming on ! Hey , we're likely going to the Dome this weekend , so you're likely going to have put with seeing us . Could you believe that game last night--got to be one of the best world series ever .
Traded calls . I'll get back to you soon as we hook up . Can't wait to hear what Jerry says . Probably something like , "Talked to Tom Beach . Heard about your plan . We'll call you." Or who knows . He could surprise us . I'll let you know either way . Best , Jeff
We're currently scheduled to follow-up with Edison at Noon CST ( 10 AM PST ) on Thursday , Nov . 8th . We'll set up a number and distribute to folks . Best , Jeff
Thanks for your efforts , thanks for trying , and thanks for your strong sense of decency . If there's anything whatsoever I can do to assist , don't hesitate . Best , Jeff
Ah ha . Now I see why you were asking . So sorry that you "have to visit" Maui . Tough break .
Thanks a million .
thanks .
FYI .
eeegads . you heard about the story circulating that skilling attended a "high society" pajama party last weekend in houston . eeks .
Interesting thanks . Any word on the transcript ?
Could you forward Dan's draft . While Aaron's points are good ones , I think may tipping at windmills.. .
you'd think he'd go abroad on vacation or something until things cooled down , non ?
Thanks , Jeanne . Just to be clear ( since we had a bit of a different take last Friday in the meeting that Jim and Sue and I had with Mike) . Mike's take was that we'd be addressing just about everything under the sun , including why we think that hearings are necessary . This takes a much narrower approach . Just want to make sure that we're all on the same page . I understand that Mike was travelling yesterday and the first part of today . Likely makes sense to have a call this PM to make sure out ducks are all in a line . Thanks again . Best , Jeff
Greetings: Any chance of changing my lesson from tomorrow to this Friday ( preferably about lunchtime) ? Let me know . If you're all booked for Friday , I'm likely going to have to skip this week . Let me know . Hope all is well . Best , Jeff
FYI . I've talked to Jeanne , and she and Mike may have not completely communicated on this . Given the uncertainty , I'm having to hold off on sending a note around . I'll do one after the call . Best , Jeff
Thanks for the note . Just let me know . We'll do it when you're ready . Between now and then , could you send me a summary ( understanding that it's an estimate ) of time and materials as you see them . Thanks again . Good luck with the other jobs . Talk to you soon . Best , Jeff
Great . Can you give me the entire list ( indicating who's who) ? I'm thinking that if I let the big customers know , perhaps that'll give them an incentive to sign on .
Couple thoughts . Understanding that we're really trying to get this thing done and that there's a million different ornaments one could hang on the tree ( and bring the thing toppling down) , I'll just throw this out for consideration . Seems that as a first-order issue , the judge is either going to approve the settlement or cede to arguments the PUC could make regarding its exclusive ratemaking authority--that is what it is . Assuming that the judge sides in our favor , there remains the chance that the PUC could take the Edison view and charge DA customers for the undercollection , thereby taking back what we achieved in the settlement based on the way our deals are structured with our customers . It would help alot if PG&E took the position at the PUC that ( for a variety of reasons ) the PUC should NOT tack on DA customers' bills any charges designed to pay down the utilities' undercollection . In a proceeding where Edison and PG&E are on different sides , our chances of prevailing are of course much better . But it likely won't do much good if we have any such deal written explicitly in the settlement document ( i.e. , PG&E agrees to take our side at the PUC) . But if there's any way to do some sort of side deal , outside of the settlement agreement , and if PG&E were amenable , there might be some real value . Again , I know we want to get this thing wrapped up , but thought I'd toss it out there . We can take it or leave it . Best , Jeff
In California , all customers can choose--large and small . There are core ( small customer ) and noncore ( industrial customers) . Consumption volume differentiates the two . Noncore customes receive cheaper transporation rates.I'm not sure what sort of limitations you're specifically focused on . There are requirements regarding storage requirements ( customers must have some storage ) and requirements to pay a share of past "stranded costs" caused by the move to competition . And noncore customers on PG&E have more flexibility to buy in-state transportation than customers on SoCal have . If there's anything else , let me know . Best , Jeff
What came of the call ?
You get in to see Whalley ?
Wow , based on the share price , it appears they're having significant difficulty finding additional sources of funds . Ain't getting any prettier .
you get in to see whalley ?
You're kidding , right ? Edison's at about 14.50 .
great . good luck with others .
When do you want to call Hedy and Bev ?
$18.10/share . don't make me give suggestions .
aye aye .
thanks . I think "hump day" is putting it mildly . You see in the press that we approached ( are still approaching? ) KKR ? And that Buffet ain't interested ? What a world . Someone in real estate finance I know compared what Fastow & Co . did to the FirstPlus fiasco . That hurt . Best , Jeff
Quick adder: It appears that the utilities took a hard line on the amendment issue in their written comments , which is no surprise . Utilities position is obviously extreme but it means there's likely to be a signficant fight over the issue .
No problem . To be honest , I was concerned--given how wide-ranging it was--that I might step in something unintentionally . Please let me know if I do/did . Also , keep in touch with how the issues go with them , since they are clearly trying to use the reg . issues as leverage , and in that regard , often offering up worst-case scenarios . Best , Jeff
I'll get back to you today . Houston is dealing with some pretty big issues , but I'm going to push them to meet with you nonetheless . How's the weather in the big apple ? You vote for Green or Bloomberg ?
OK , today's been nuts . This is likely not complete , but wanted to get something around . Please review for 1 ) anything I've missed and/or 2 ) anything I've misstated . Thanks . Best , Jeff
plz see email re: talking points . jeff
Jesus , 93 million Enron shares have traded thus far today . Insane .
Brad: Lot of water under the bridge since the 25th , but I just got a note from Perfect . They're still planning on being in Houston to meet on the afternoon of the 13th . Let me know if anything's changed and I'll get you the information on Perfect ASAP . Thanks . Best , Jeff
No problem . I'll let them know . Best , Jeff
Hey: Just heard back from Brad . He's not cancelling . Just post-poning . Lots--and I mean lots--going on . I think that , realistically , we're talking December . Sorry about that , but you know how quickly things can change....You guys hang out with the McCourey's at all ? Kisses , Jeff
Please forward along to others I may have missed but need to know: The Commission held a hearing this afternoon to discuss the need for hearings on issues surrounding the DA suspension . With minor exceptions , the utilities told the Commission that the Commission didn't need to conduct hearings , and that the Commission could just go forward with implementing the suspension and assess exit fees . The utilities said that hearings could be held "sometime later" to determine the exact level of exit fees and how the utilities ought to calcualte the PX credit going forward . A large group of business customers and suppliers disagreed strongly and made a very good case for hearings . There were lengthy arguments in front of the judge , at the end of which the judge decided that it would useful to hold another prehearing conference . The next hearing will be on Dec . 12th . The judge wanted another hearing to permit folks to have the opportunity to respond to the first round of comments on the issues submitted by everyone last Friday . In sum , there will be another hearing on Dec . 12th to further discuss the need for hearings prior to the Commission making decisions on these issues . At this point , it appears that the judge is leaning toward having comprehensive hearings . Of particular note , at the end of the hearing the judge said that he is NOT inclinded to recommend a retroactive suspension of Direct Access to July 1 , and that he didnt' think that the PUC commissioner assigned to the case was either . ( Worried that he said too much , he then said he couldn't/shouldn't spead for the commissioner. ) The judge , and the Commissioner who was at the hearing , went on at length abouth the fact that no one submitted their DA contracts to the PUC ( as requested in the document the PUC issued asking folks to submit comments on the issues) . Our attorney and the attorneys for suppliers and customers told them that 1 ) the Commission didn't need to see the actual contracts to get the information necessary via hearings to decide the issues and 2 ) the Commission doesn't have the authority to ask to see contracts and they ain't likely going to get them without a fight . Though the probability many not be high , there is at least the chance that the Commission may try to subpoena folks to get the contracts . Seems prudent to at least be prepared for the possiblity . Interestingly , Edison made a run at getting the Commission to implement by January 1 its proposal to charge all customers--DA and bundled alike--for Edison's undercollection . The judge ( literally ) laughed off the request , and then said no . As a result , Edison didn't get the leverage it was hoping for prior to our follow up meeting with them tomorrow to discuss the Negative CTC issue . The judge also gave the DWR representative a pretty good thrashing , e.g. , "why are you here , you refuse to be a party , you refuse to provide info," etc . From today's hearing it appears that DWR will come under increasing pressure to open the kimono and have its numbers scrutinized . In related news , Davis has announced that he's asked Sempra to meet to renegotiate their DWR contract and said that he'd thus far met with two other generators in "serious negotitations."
interesting to say the least . great case for b-school . you still in texas ?
No new details to report . Same settlement to unbundle socal that's been before the commission for about a year . On the commission's agenda to consider , but as has been the case for over year , they've delayed any movement--at least one commissioner doesn't like competition and has the discretion to continue to ask that it be delayed . Some hold the view that there's a push to try to get it moved , but best guess is 50-50 at this point . Substantively , though , same thing that's been before them for a very long time , i.e. , emulate PG&E's gas accord ( more or less ) on socal . Best , Jeff
Greetings folks . The folks doing the appeal have asked me to inquire if you folks would be willing to sign on . They understand ( as do we ) that the likelihood of prevailing is slim , but feel that beating the drum is important in continued effort to maintain current DA status and to attempt to preserve it going forward . ( DA seems to need all the help it can muster given that Karl Wood and Bob Barnett appear to have control of the issue at the PUC. ) Could you let me know either way if you'll sign on . Dorothy , talked to Keith yesterday , who said you'd be making the call on this one . Thanks a bunch . Best , Jeff
You bet .
April: Could you please distribute this to the office ? Thanks a bunch . Greetings Folks: Tired of thinking about related-party transactions , SEC probes and re-stated earnings ? Well , here's a chance to take your mind off of things . I've got a pair of exceptional 49er tickets--lowest section in 2nd tier , right on the 50 yardline . ( My girlfriend's parents season tickets . I can't use them--in fact , ain't crazy about football ) They're playing the Saints , which will be a great game . I'm selling them for face value , which is $50 each . Like to be able to give them to someone in the office if possible . If you're interested , please let me know ASAP . Best , Jeff
Yesterday , Riordan kicked things off in California . He focused squarely on energy . He made three key , and interesting points . The contracts Davis signed are a huge mistake for California that must be fixed . If elected , Riordan would immediately eliminate Davis' Public Power Authority . If elected , Riordan would have California join a west-wide RTO . I'll try to rustle-up some press accounts of his remarks . Best , Jeff
Hey , buddie . Mike and Sue still differ . We're getting the transcript to verify . I told them both that this is not something we should make a big issue out of since what the judge said in a "quip" from the bench will in no way alter our strategy or tactics . They both agreed . Soon as we get the transcript , we'll fill you in . Let me know if this works for you . ( Please be easy with Sue , she's pretty tense. ) Best , Jeff
They're yours . Just let me know as soon as you can if you'd like them . Hope you're doing well . Stay buckled up . It's bumpy out there . But at least they're starting to publicly clean house . Best , Jeff
Haven't seen any DA statements yet .
this sunday .
they're yours ! and , it comes with a new car ! and a case of turtle wax !
FYI .
oh joy .
Understanding that many things can change dramatically between now and next Thursday , we are nonetheless scheduled to call Jim Scilacci at 4 PM CST on Thursday , November 15th . Best , Jeff
Josh . Been in a meeting all morning . Think I missed the bidding . If I can't get in , here are my bids: E280--Real Estate & Urban Land: 500 pts E286--Global Strategy: 500 pts If this won't work , just let me know . Sorry for any mixup . Best , Jeff
FYI .
FYI .
As we anticipated , today's call did not advance the ball from where we left off last week with Edison . Edison is sticking to its guns , claiming that all customers , DA and bundled alike , should pay for Edison's undercollection , i.e. , they don't owe us money , we owe them money . The call was short and ended with an agreement that: 1 ) we'll both continue plodding along in the PUC process with all the other stakeholders who are arguing over these issues , 2 ) we'll keep lines of communication open--to the extend that anyone has any new ideas they want to share , contacts will be made , and 3 ) if nothing has happened at the PUC by the time Edison starts readying itself to pay people in Q1'02 , then we'll get together to try to get agreement on a number as the PUC process continues to work itself out . If anyone has any questions , just let us know . Best , Jeff
Rick: It's hard to articulate , so I'll just say that you're doing a phenomenal job . Whatever happens , you have an incredible amount to proud of , not the least of which is how you've handled things during these very tough times . Please remember that there's alot of folks out there that appreciate what you're doing and care about you alot . And then there's your family , which is the most important thing . Thanks again for your efforts . Talk to you soon . Keep hanging in there . Best , Jeff
No . what do they do ?
great time . SO sorry I passed out . Man , I just suddently hit the wall . On the Jay thing . There's no pressure at all . If you guys are uncertain , that's no problem . Just need you to understand that I'm moving ahead . Most importantly in the near term . Are you guys hip on sharing the cost of getting appraisals ? Just let me know . And again , let's keep this light . No frictions . Everyone needs to feel comfortable with where they are , etc . etc . etc . Worse thing in the world is to let biz/finances get in the way of friendships . Keep your taht moh rising .
FYI .
what's pepcid . he has NO idea . is he sure it ain't something fatal ? poor annie .
Hi Josh: Sorry to bother you . But just wanted to be certain . By my tally , I only need to take 3 units next semester ( spring ) to graduate ( I'm taking 7 units this semester) . Is there anyway to get that "officially" verified through the office ? Thanks much . Best , Jeff
Hey darlin' . You on this list , too . Crazy , non ? Well , what isn't crazy these days ? Hope you're OK .
Well , that's not helpful . Won't make things any easier . Are they an ARM member ? I'll let the large customer groups know . Best , Jeff
Greetings . I'm assuming that we're still on for the call . Let me know . Hope things have calmed down somewhat since the deal was announced on Friday . Best , Jeff
Rick: With everything else going on , I apologize for raising this issue , but I'm concerned that if I don't , it may fall through the cracks . I just realized over the weekend that within the next few weeks , I will have paid the full balance on tuition for the Fall 2001 semester in Berkeley's MBA program that I've been in since 1999 . ( By the end of this semester , I will have finished 37 of the 40 units that are required to complete the program) . Naturally , I'd like to get reimbursed for the Fall semester's tuition , but I'm concerned that recent events create uncertainty at just about every level of the company . I know you've got a hell of alot on your plate right now , so there's no need to discuss immediately . I simply wanted to get it on the radar screen . Whenever you get a free minute , give me a ring and we can talk about it further . Take care , and thanks for listening . Best , Jeff PS Given DYN and ENE share prices today , looks like the market loves the combination . That's pretty nice . ( Wouldn't know it by what Rebecca Smith keeps writing , though . Gives the impression that she won't be content until we're reduced to ashes--shame. )
FYI . Edison has been successful at peeling off one of the ESPs--New West . Seems that in exchange for getting paid negative CTCs , New West may have agreed to take the position that all DA customers should be charged for Edison's undercollection . I'm not aware of any other ESPs that are willing to take that position . The salient quote in New West's "supplemental" PHC statement reads: "It is the position of New West Energy that all customers , both bundled service customers and direct access customers , are equally responsible for payment of the net undercollections . Fairness dictates that bundled customers and direct access customers are both assessed their fair share of the responsibility for repaying the amount of the net undercollections as may be determined by the Commission." Obviously , not a helpful statement . New West's supplemental PHC statement is attached . Best , Jeff
Hi . Could you re-email the ARM press release re: supreme court ? I want to distribute it around a bit . Thanks .
FYI . I notified the large customers and it appears they've taken it upon themselves to notify some of New West's customers of New West's new , "supplemental" position .
You think I should submit the reimbursement now , before the semester ends , just to get it in the door ? They should reserve a place for Fessler at the same place Davis deserves to go--history's trash heap . You know that Fessler works with Klauberg , right ? Some people you just can't get rid of... . Best , Jeff
I'm assuming that these are the sorts of things we should hold off on ?
This is very sad . Prentice ( now one of PWC's finest ) and I talked and here's where I come out . I love Annie and want to remember her the way she is . And I bet she would feel the same way . All the chemo gets her is a little more time , and who knows how long , and the quality of extended life is likely to be very low . It's really hard , but I think that the best thing for Annie , and everyone else , is for Annie to go to sleep , peacefully and quietly . I hope you don't mind , but I'd like to pass on the 6 o'clock phone call . I hope you understand . I'll be at your place on Thursday to see her . Best , Jeff
will do .
do you have rory's email address ?
Hi Avram . Meet Rory , Prentice's brother and computer guru-type . Rory and I talked a little bit about what you're looking for , so I thought I'd just go ahead and facilitate a little chat room here . Avram , could you explain one more time to Rory exactly what it is that you're looking for , just to make sure that I've accurately and adequately described the situation ? Rory has some ideas . Best , Jeff
Thought I'd add Eldon , too , since he likely has some ideas and information , too .
Hi: Sorry to bug you--know things are crazy--but just checking in on the presentations we talked about yesterday . Best , Jeff
Yes . Hadn't planned on going .
talked to roger again . give me a call when you get a chance . Best , Jeff
Thank you . Will there be a call-in number ? And who else do we expect on the call ?
I'm at my desk . Jeff
He got me . Thanks .
where's this leave mcmahon ?
Thanks a million for your help on this . On first glance , these look great . I'll give you a ring tomorrow to discuss further . Best , Jeff
No problem . Man , for someone who doesn't know much , you sure know alot , based on the note you sent . It's your call on today's lesson . If you're feeling under the weather , then we can pass for today . Otherwise , I'll show up at 4:30 . Just let me know . And you can decide anytime between now and 3:30 . I don't know how much Eldon and Rory can help , but they're both real knowledgeable and generally love thinking about this kind of stuff . Best , Jeff
Who loves ya baby ? Hey , don't say anything to Karen , or her parents , but I'd like to get something for her parents as a thank you for Gloucester . What sorts of things do they like ? You heard that Prentice got a job offer from Price Waterhouse? ! See you on Friday ! Best , Jeff
Greetings folks: We will temporarily suspend the Wednesday , 11:30 AM call until things settle down a bit . If something crops up , we can set up a call to discuss . In the meantime , we'll be communicating regularly outside the call . Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
Thanks again for the stuff . I can take it from here . Two quick questions . 1 ) Is there anything that's top secret that I shouldn't be talking about ? 2 ) Do we have anything for LNG activity similar to the slides on incremental interstate pipeline capacity ? Thanks again . I'll let you know if anything interesting comes up . Best , Jeff
Thanks alot .
Hi Evie: As you know Edison is being , well , Edison about just about everything at the PUC . I think that we actually have some leverage with PG&E , however . I've helped to broker a meeting between large customers and PG&E ( Tom Botorff and Dan Richard ) this Friday at 1:30 PM after DJ's meeting . DJ and Delainey are organizing The ( basic ) idea is to see if there is some way to strike a "reasonable" deal on the DA/cost allocation issues with PG&E , which could then be submitted to PUC around Edison , which seems hell bent on piling as many costs on business customers as possible . At the first meeting , we want to spend a very brief amount of time determining 1 ) what matters to people 2 ) where people on the issues and 3 ) PG&E's willingness to deal . The goal is to find out if there's any room for a deal . Should not take a long time . I hope you can attend , since the meeting will be significantly less productive if you're not there , and who knows , it may lead to something that permits us to go around Edison . Likely attendees are CMTA , CLECA , the Chamber , you ( hopefully) , PG&E and me . Will Mike Kahl be at DJ's meeting ? Best , Jeff
plz call me when you get a minute . thx , jeff
Dan: I wanted to follow up on our discussion last week regarding the peaker we're helping Lodi to develop . The project is a peaker plant inside Lodi's territory , with the power sold to DWR . The deal is both price and time sensitive ( no surprise there) . Needs to be on line Q3/Q4 , 2002 , at a price that's in line with price negotiated with DWR . For the gas interconnect , your folks tell us that the project requires $8-$11 MM in system upgrades that will take 14-16 months to complete . By contrast , the project could connect directly to Lodi's gas storage facility for about $2.6 MM and could be completed in about 4-6 months . In short , PG&E's offers blows through both the time and price constraints; the Lodi option accommodates both very well . We are very senstive to the tariff revenues you would forgo via a direct connect to Lodi and potential concerns regarding precedent over connecting directly to the storage facility . Therefore , 1 ) we'd be willing to pay the local distribution tariff price , irrespective of being connected directly to the Lodi facility , 2 ) we'd be willing to switch over and connect with PG&E once the upgrades in the Lodi/Stockton area are done , and 3 ) we'd agree that the direct connection with Lodi should be viewed as a "special case" ( and not precendent ) with the goal of avoiding exacerbating California's problems with supply shortages . Thanks for listening . Let me know what you think . Best , Jeff
If we do it Sunday morning , I'm game .
Thanks very much .
Yeah , I found this out last night as was going to tell you about it .
Thanks so much . That sounds great . What day of week is the 7th ?
I recommend that we just stick to one of the three that Joseph originally to the time and effort to select . Any chance of salvaging any of those ? Best , Jeff
Greetings: Left you a voicemail over the weekend . Was traveling Thurs/Fri , but got a chance to look at your reorg memo , and listened in on the call on Friday . I've got a few questions . You have 15-20 minutes today to discuss a bit ? Greatly appreciated . Best , Jeff
when you intend to make counter to PG&E ? 10Q out yet ?
Thanks . I'm on the California 8:30 ( pst ) call till about 9:30 . Best , Jeff
Only one call . It's at 1PM CST . Call if there's anything else . Best,Jeff
This is pretty big stuff and moving pretty quickly . Understanding that times are crazy , and that it's a holiday week , if we could nonetheless begin discussing tomorrow , or even late today , that would be very useful . Best , Jeff
Not all , but some . I'll give you a ring to discuss more .
Wow , there is a God . Thanks . Have a great weekend . Best , Jeff
thanks .
I thought you folks were involved in this program and supported it , but I may have it all wrong . In any case , please see attached regarding utilities joint proposal on implementing the DA suspension . Community Aggregation would not be allowed after Sept 20th . Is anything you care about and/or have a position on ? Thanks very much . Hope you're well . Best , Jeff
No problem . Give me a little time and I'll get you some names . What's your timeframe ? ( Probably yesterday , right? ) Best , Jeff
Sorry . Was covering a meeting up the street . Got your message . I'm back . You know there are rumors flying around about you in London ? Best , Jeff
Greetings: Just wanted to check in to let you know that I've taken another step in getting meetings with the GM of both Anaheim and SMUD . Will let you know . Ain't moving at a lightening pace , but there's progress . Best , Jeff
Jeanne: Do you have a copy of the procurement OIR ? Could you email it to me if you do ? Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
It's more complicated still . A crazy commissioner at the CPUC now wants to require everyone to submit their DA contracts to Commission for review . It's attached . Folks are going to oppose it very strongly . I'm available to talk . I'm not sure that the Oct . 5th date has got legs . Best , Jeff
My apologies for the delay . About three other bonfires cropped up after I talked to you . In any case , the answer to your question , is yes , we can switch our customers to dual billing if we choose to do so . If you have any other questions , just let me know . Best , Jeff
You're a helluva guy . I'm damned proud to be associated with you , and hope to continue in the future . If we don't get a chance to talk between now and tomorrow , have a great Thanksgiving . And Rick , I'm not a very religious guy , but god bless you . Best , Jeff
Thanks , Dan . I'm having a very difficult time seeing how Enron will have any choice other than to vigorously ( and respectfully ) 1 ) decline to offer up any contracts and 2 ) assert our view that Karl Wood it is unfair to attempt to impose any quid pro quo , i.e. , forcing folks to waive their due process rights by declining to hand contracts over to Karl . Best , Jeff
Very yummy dinner . So light . So fluffy . Your friend Renee is very nice . Thanks .
dude: you guys won first ( even after those bad picks you made) . Congratz . don't look over your shoulder , cuz we're right on your heels !
So sorry to hear about your nose . How bad is it ? Swollen ? Your eyes OK ? Expected to heal quickly ?
Greetings Dan: Few things . Chris Warner did an extremely good job of talking about your plan at DJ's thing in Yountville . Thanks a million for helping to identify someone who's a bit more "outside the box" to help on the Lodi power plant/gas storage deal . Any indication of who that person might be ? We're anxious to start meeting with them . Any word on getting a conference call together with the large customers ? Finally , have you told the PUC yet that you won't be filing any stinking GRC ? If so , how have they reacted ? Have a great holiday weekend . Best , Jeff
wouldn't miss it . how's lil' annie doing ?
"paid" is right . jeff just keeps paying , and paying , and paying.. .
got your message and sorry i didn't get back to you . wanted to thank you very much for taking the time on such short notice , and , from what I've heard from others , for having done an outstanding job . Thanks again . And yes , we'll take the victories when we can get them . Best , Jeff
prentice's haas address is no longer valid . you'll need to send to "psellers@pacbell.net."
Looks like the market ain't crazy about our 10Q . You get the go ahead from Whalley on PG&E ?
how'd it go ? and how you doing ?
i'm back in office . jeff
Hi . I read Karl's ruling on the contracts . Just about had it with that bozo . I'm assuming that the customers are going to resist ?
Hey man , you feeling any better ?
what would you like me to bring and/or do for Friday ?
Hello: First , forget it all and have a wonderful holiday . Second , given the immense challenges , I've been instructed to get major expenses in and paid . So I sent to Rick in a confidential folder my tuition reimbursement form for school . Do you know if he got it ? Best , Jeff
Thanks very much . If possible , I'd like to listen in . That possible ? And have a very nice holiday . Best , Jeff
test
test
Very quick and dirty--not even fully proofed . But wanted to get something out for folks to shoot at . Let me know your thoughts . Sure I've missed about a million things and mucked up about the same amount . Happy Thanksgiving . Best , Jeff
Here it is . Apologies that it's very sketchy and barely proofed , but wanted to get something out to folks to shoot at . Have a great holiday . Best , Jeff
FYI .
PG&E called . They want to set up a conference call to brief us on the gas piece of their POR that they'll be filing with FERC around November 30th . They want to try to do it in the next couple of weeks . Please let me know if you're interested and please pass this along to anyone else who might be interested . Thanks . Best , Jeff
Thanks , Lamar . Geoff , could you let us know how it goes with the customer and if this a mix-up on the customer's end . Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
Thanks very much .
Thanks so much for the call back . Here it is . It's got temperature and %RH from end of May to early November . Couple of things . I tried to keep and save heat days ( cumulative ) on the graph , but for some reason , it won't stick . I'm assuming that you know how to add just about anything you want to the graph . If not , let me know . Also , the data should be cut off for about a week at both the front end and the back end ( to account for the time that it was in my apartment prior to setting in up on the property , and before I was able to download it in November) . Once you get a chance to look at , give a call and let me know what you think . If the temperature range looks like it's around the ballpark for vines , I'll want to get Terry Rosetti up to do some soil testing , but wanted to get your take on the temperature , etc . first . Really appreciate all your help . My number is 415.782.7822 . Best , Jeff
Sue: This woman from NewWest is driving me crazy . Best , Jeff
Greetings: I just talked to Marcie . She's interested , but wants some more info to examine before setting up a meeting . Aren't there some press articles about the sort of muni partnerships you want to pursue with SMUD and Anaheim ? Do we have anything else that I can email to her to wet her whistle for the meeting ? Will get back to you very soon about meeting with Schori at SMUD . Best , Jeff
Plan of Reorganization .
Can you forward me both ? I'll take a look at them . Maybe they'll do the trick . Also , do you have that press article where we partnered with a muni ( in Canada , I think) ?
This time with attachment.. .
Thanks ? Brown going to vote for it ?
Greetings Ms Denne: Hope your holiday was restful and relaxing . A week or so ago , there was an article in the clips about Enron partnering with a muni ( in Canada maybe ) to provide retail energy services for the munis retail customers . Could someone in your shop try to dig that up ? I need to get it to a CEO of a California muni for EES and I'll be darned if I can't locate it ! Greatly appreciated . Best , Jeff
Janelle: Here's an email and slightly modified PP presentation that I'd like to send to Marcie . Let me know what you think . Best , Jeff Hi Marcie: Congratulations again on your new role at Anaheim . Elena tells me that you're having a great time . Thanks for taking the time to talk a little bit about the strategic alliances Enron is forming with public power . We're excited about our alliance model because it offers a true win-win for municipal power companies and their customers . I've attached a power point presentation that provides an overview of the program . In sum , the initiative offers public power systems leading edge competitive retail energy and risk management products and services for their commercial and industrial electric customers , using their own brand name . Since EES retains and manages all price and product related risks , our alliance partners are freed up to offer their customers valuable and sought after products and services with no additional risk . Here are some of the program's highlights: Enabling our alliance partners to provide their customers with products and services that are superior to what competitive suppliers are offering , reaffirming the value of public power and a strong customer focus . Our alliance partners maintain exclusive control over customer relationships and continue to market power under their own name . Our market-tested and accepted products and services allow your customers to better manage costs , reduce operational and financial risks and focus on their core business activities Our alliance partners do not take on any price risk related to these products . Products and services customization further enable our alliance partners to spur economic development and maintain customer retention . Innovative financial solutions that allow companies to upgrade industrial facilities and energy infrastructure , including energy consuming equipment and demand-side management programs , without diverting capital from their core businesses . Thanks again for taking the time to talk yesterday . If you have any questions , give me a call at 415.782.7822 , and I'll call you in the next few days about arranging a time that we can meet with you in beautiful Southern California . All the best , Jeff
and we ate more last night and we're still alive . Thanks very much for your hospitality and a really fun time .
Thanks . If we ever get out of this mess , you can rest assured that I'll help out . Can you remind again right after the first of the year , at which time we should have a better idea of where this ship is heading ? Thanks . Best , Jeff
please review this one . i just read the contract and there is no end date . it's open-ended and simply says that we can end at our discretion .
Thanks very much for getting the contracts for me . Please address one each to Bev and Hedy on our letter head so I can sign and send out today . Thanks a bunch .
The ARM group is going back and forth on what they want to say in their filing on the specifics of the DA suspension ( many parties with many interests) . There continues to be debates over the specifics . Soon as there is a draft that folks have reasonably agreed to , I'll send it to you . If you have any questions , give a holler . Best , Jeff
No problem .
Apologies just got back . Can't make the call , but concur that we ought to stay where we were . Not that the proposal doesn't merit discussion , but it raises many issues and we're down to the wire . So I concur with Bill and Aaron . Perhaps we should try to regroup first thing in the AM ? Best , Jeff
did i ask you to fax copies of the hedy/bev letter to ginger ? signed ,
Thanks , Geoff . May make sense to loop back with the woman at the PUC who contacted Jim originally about this account . Jim's been in contact with her before about some confusion with a UC account . Jim was out yesterday and today , but I think that he'll be in tomorrow . He may want to make the contact . Jim , thoughts ? Best , Jeff
Will do . Thanks again for getting to the bottom of it .
got that one covered too while you were out .
de nada
Sounds like were back at plan b .
that's neat . please give them both my best .
call me . thanks . jeff 415.782.7822 .
really sorry to bother you with this , but any idea of whether my tuition reimbursement has successfully made it's way through ? Thanks a million . Best , Jeff
FYI . Looks like many are exploring . Probably value in staying coordinate internally . I'll give Alan a call . Best , Jeff
Hey , just checking in to see if you're still out there . What a story . Hope you weathering things ok . Best , Jeff
Greetings . Well , it's about over for the company known as Enron . Ultimately I , and just about everyone else , am going to need to find a new job . But it should be viewed as an opportunity rather than something less positive . It's a shame that such a fun , interesting and bright group of people that had a very successful core franchise are now in such a messy situation due to a handful of folks who exercised ( at a minimum ) extremely poor judgment . But it is what it is . As for me , I'm dusting off my resume and getting ready to send it around . I've already had a few calls from "inquiring minds," so we'll we where things end up . Thanks so much for the thoughts . Definitely crazy times , but I'm not getting to worked up about it . And besides , Prentice has accepted PWC's offer , so I'm looking forward to housekeeping ! Best , Jeff
Well , I think that Enron's fate is going to affect everyone , including me . But no worries , I'll land on my feet . Love to have tea , just let me know when . How you doing ?
You're a good man . Thanks . You may regret having offered , though , since there's an extremely good chance that I'm likely to take you up on it .
OK , now I'm getting choked up . Thanks , man .
FYI . Thank you both very much for your help on this . Best , Jeff
call me re: ISO . Jeff 415.782.7822 .
boy , you really did save this stuff . i don't know who the author is , but , man , what a wit !
shoot me a draft of the withdrawal before you send it in so i can say that i reviewed prior to submission . thanks . Jeff
u hear about ISO ? give a call . jeff 415.782.7822
Thanks very much . Really appreciate the help . I'll submit them just as soon as I get them . Have a nice weekend , despite it all . Best , Jeff
You've really been nice about this . Thanks very much . Could I stay in SF and work for NEG ? And people don't really hate me , do they ? ( Kidding. ) I'll give Dan a call . Have a great weekend . Best , Jeff
A regulah laugh riot , that's what she is . Prentice , you're the best birthday present I could ever have--even better than money . xoxoxox
Thanks , and ditto , my friend . You're a rare individual at the company . And it shows . Please be sure to spend a little time looking after yourself and your loved ones , since you've been doing a great job spending so much time caring and looking out for the rest of us . Best , Jeff
should i stop working ? no big deal , really . but don't want to continue , if it doesn't make sense . thanks , jeff
Thank you so much for all you've done for Annie . You know that I've really come to love that crazy dog , and it meant a lot that you and Eldon were always so caring . She is truly a lovely dog and I'll miss her immensely , but it helps that everyone was so loving . And I'm really sorry that I couldn't be there for her today , but the Enron thing is really a mess and I've got responsibilities on that front that I just can't pass off . Thanks again so much for everything . Hugs , Jeff
All the very best to you and yours . See on 1400Smith.com . Best , Jeff
I'm going to work the rest of the day from home--I will be working , though ( it's just not easy to work from the office today , as you can imagine) . You can reach me by email and cell phone 415.505.6633 . Hang in there buddy . Best , Jeff
Will do . Computer just got back up !
Many thanks to Elizabeth and Margo for helping to get email working again . Best , Jeff
I'll call you very soon .
what's "sheltercorp?"
my email's back up....................................for now . Best , Jeff
call when you can . thanks . jeff
Perhaps , given Nancy's note , you didn't get my previous email saying that I'm back up ( for now) . Greetings all . Best , Jeff
Hi . Could you keep Annie's leash(es ) and collars ?
Dude: You started searching for ski gear for Cameron yet ? Love to work on it together , if possible . Maybe , if we're buying two sets of skis , boots , poles , we'll get a discount . You still plan on getting that ? Best , Jeff
Greetings . Last night , we were hanging out the the CEO of Cameron's company and it turns out that he's a recording freak with unbelievable equipment and he'd likely be willing to record a TRUE BLUE CD FOR FREE . Give a call when you get a minute . 415.782.7822 . Best , Jeff
Where have you heard that ? And what is it saying ? PS I don't think that "To Welsh" is a politically correct term . Best , Jeff
call when u can . IOUs jointly filed w/PUC saying "no assignments." Jeff
Greetings . Please forgive me for not getting back to you more promptly . Here's the latest: As you know , I'm finishing up my MBA at Berkelely ( I'll have but one class left to take next semester!) . Finals/projects , etc . are all done/due , etc . next week , so as you can imagine it's very crazy . In addition , I ( we ) had to put the sweetest dog in the world to sleep this week , and the Enron thing's been nothing compared to that . ( I'd ask , "what next?" , but I'm afraid to ask..... ) However , none of this constitutes an excuse for not getting back to you , so I apologize . OK , back to Enron . It's a mess ( surprise) . I'm still with the company--not sure for how long , however . At least through the end of the year , it appears . Sue and Joseph have left . If you'd like their contact information , I'd be happy to provide it . We're trying to transfer our DA contracts to other ESPs , but the utilities , Carl Wood and some others want to make it difficult , if not impossible . Though difficult as it may seem to believe , I'm actually doing OK ( engaging in lots of zen buddist stuff ) and I do promise to give each of you a ring to catch up very soon . This week's a little tough just because with school and "the mess," I'm a tad preoccupied . HOWEVER , your calls and nice thoughts are extremely welcomed and greatly appreciated . Thanks so much . Will talk to you soon and hope you're doing well . Best , Jeff
Greetings: First , thanks for the pizza . Second , in line with the "role play" that you described in class and in the handout for the project , we took your direction to heart and tried to make our presentation slides very free of jargon , spreadsheets , reams of numbers , etc. . Given the end-of-semester work load , we , like everyone else , are very appreciative that we will only have to turn in the presentation and the spreadsheet for the project . Given the change , if you would like , we would be happy to "beef up" the presentation to include more numbers , jargon and other technical gems , though the spreadsheet lays out most of that information pretty well . Whichever way you prefer is fine by us . Just let me know . Best , Jeff
Joseph: Good news ! Wallace decided last night that we don't have to do a write-up for project after all . All we have to do is turn in the presentation and the spreadsheet . I've written her an email , telling her that we followed directions closely on the presentation ( i.e. , very simply , no jargon , spreadsheets , lots of technical crap , etc. ) and wanted to make sure that that would acceptably when we turn it in , or if she expected some "beefing up." I plant to spend a little time with my slides and the spreadsheet ( though not much!) , just to make a bit better . I'll let you know how she responds . Great job by all . Best , Jeff
Hi . Hey , I can't open this . Hugs , Jeff
Thanks , very much Alan . Hedy , Bev and Scott are still technically on board until the end of the month , but that's fairly "ceremonial," so to speak . Let's do this . I'll give Hedy a call and see if they'd be willing to attend and report back . In my view , given the circumstances , if they've got conflicts and can't make it , I'm not inclinded to push it . Sound reasonable ? Best , Jeff
Paul: Thanks very much for the note . For the moment , we do still intend to go ahead with the projects and will stay in very close contact with you should the situation change . If you have any questions , please let me know . Best , Jeff
Got your message . Likely makes sense to also call Evie Elsesser and Dan Carroll . Let me know if there's anything else . Best , Jeff
Great . You know this is a pure "lobbyist" meeting , right ? You may want to do by phone , if possible . Your call .
Greetings Professor: I regret that I was unable to attend class last night . Few items: --I assume that you returned papers . I will be on campus tomorrow and can pick it up then if you like . Or if you'd prefer , you can drop it in my box in the student room at Haas ( evening MBA boxes) . Or if you'd like to make some other arrangement , just let me know . --I assume that our third paper is due by close-of-business on Wednesday , December 12 . Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
Here's my take . Alan's got an airplane ticket to go down and attend the lobbyist meeting . From my perspective , there is very little value in that activity . However , if Scott wanted to go and report back , then a ) he gets information which likely doesn't hurt their business and b ) the "Estate" doesn't incur the cost of Alan traveling to Sacramento to a meeting that likely won't have a huge amount of value . But if Scott ain't interested , he ain't interested . That's my take . Best , Jeff
what's up ?
Thanks Robert . Sounds good . FYI . Prentice and I are getting Haley the portable CD player .
Please forgive me for continuing with this , but ENA just told me that they talked to Jeremy about 90 minutes ago and they had the view that there was still some uncertainty regarding whether Hansen had been included in the 24 contracts . I told them that I'd already spoken with you folks and that Hansen was on the list . Let me know if I'm missing something here . Again , apologize for keeping on about it . Best , Jeff
Thanks very much ? Does that mean that the Hansen contract would be sold as a stand-alone asset ?
Thanks for getting in touch . Yes , we can schedule . Do you know who all would participate ? Best , Jeff
As soon as I get my grades ( which I hope will be mid-late December) , I'll send them to Ginger in the attempt to get tuition reimbursed . But don't worry , I have extremely low expectations about the likelihood of getting reimbursed . This plan make sense ? Best , Jeff
Thanks .
FYI .
thanks .
Had a long chat with UC that I'd like to pass along , and a couple of additional issues arose in the course of the talk that I'd also like to discuss . Is it possible to talk for 15 minutes first thing in the morning . Best , Jeff
so you guys want to come by P&C's before dinner at La Folie , or do just want to meet at the restaurant ? Be great if you could come by and have a glass of champagne first . Best , Jeff
Ain't got it yet . 415.782.7854 . Thanks a million .
Greetings . You decide to have a call of the walking wounded today ? Best , Jeff
got the fax . thanks .
Prentice left her phone with me , so if you need to get a hold of her , it's going to be a little tough till later on . Jeff
Thanks . you do the same .
Thanks so much . I'll email when faxed . Best , Jeff
One other thing . I just had coffee with a former business colleague . She is preliminary stages of starting a new , private science and tech high school ( in conjunction with Cathedral in SF--Episcopalian folks) . I told her that you would be a good person to talk to w.r.t . setting up board , staff , etc . She's very interested . She is an extremely neat person who I think you would like a lot . Are you interested in talking to her ? Best , Jeff
Greetings professor: Should be coming over your fax machine any minute . Have a very nice holiday and thanks for a very interesting , thought-provoking and challenging course . Best , Jeff
we taking a break before starting with issues memo ? jeff
call continuing ? jeff
u find it ? bond is $25K . reg is $1K . jeff
Greetings . I plan to turn the final in tomorrow . But I have a quick question about homework number 4 . Is it possible to call you today to ask what I hope will be a 5 minute question ? Thanks very much . Best , Jeff
You have just used your quota of exclamation points for the remainder of this year and for all of 2002 . It was very fun .
may have them sold . $50 apiece ?
So you're the one who gave me this cold . Just wanted to let you know that I've been working on the resume ( in between work and finals ) and will try to have you a draft by end of this week , or next Monday . Get better . Best , Jeff
Very sweet . Thanks . Well , I tried . No taker on the tickets . Looks like you'll have to give them to your Neanderthal friend . Or what about Jack and dottie ?
call me . jeff . 415.782.7822 .
call me . re: PUC inquiry . looks like it will move fast--w/testimony . jeff
Hey . I'm still trying to get through school and now I've come down with a cold , so I need to take a pass on tomorrow's lesson . Any chance of coming on Friday . I don't know what shape I'll be in , but if there's an opening , maybe I can make it . Best , Jeff
I'd love tickets . but don't kill yourself over . Get better--cold's not bad , but it's damned annoying .
The trust could not run deeper . Just to clarify , we'll want to focus solely and exclusively on the registration . We're not in arrears on the bond.....yet . Thanks a bunch . Best , Jeff
Sweet . Thanks .
Nancy: Here is the final . Couple things . The short answers are in the word document . The long answers are in two separate excel files . I used the spreadsheet that you gave us to do the last long answer ( the Fannie Mae question) . You can find the answer in a tab titled "Long Answer--Question IIb" and it's highlighted by yellow background . The data for the problem is in the "data" tab . Thanks again for a fantastic course and hope to run into you in the near future . All the best , Jeff
Here they are . Please let me know that you've received them . Joseph: good luck including duration to the correct spreadsheet ! And thanks for sending them along to Nancy . Let's talk and figure out a time to get together . Best , Jeff
will do . what's your fax number ?
can you please fax thing we were faxing yesterday to jeremy . i'm much obliged .
Just talked to the PUC . Seems that EES is up-to-date on its registration and it's only EEMC that's not current . Wade will get the 1K to Jeanne Bennett , who's filled out the requisite one-pager and will send check and paperwork to where it needs to get . HOWEVER , the PUC person notified us that they previously received notice from the issuer of EEMC's security bond that EEMC's security has been canceled . She said that we have until day-after-Xmas to get current on the bond . She could not reveal who the issuer is and I don't have that info . Presumably someone in EES received notice that the issuer was canceling EEMC's security bond ? We need to get info on that . We should therefore also double check that the the issuer of the EES security bond hasn't also canceled . Let me know if you have any questions , and let me know what we find out about the bond , or if there's anything I can do to assist . Thanks , Jeff
Thanks . Hanging in there about as well as everyone is . No worries on getting back to me . Just wanted to keep folks in the loop . Been in contact with the desk . Best of luck with the transaction . Enjoy the time off . Talk to you in a couple days . Best , Jeff
I'm not sure , but I have a sneaking suspicion that all you folks are finished this semester . Just wanted to say congratulations . I'm finished with this semester after today , but have one--that's one--class to take next semester to finish . Also , though I can't make the ski trip this weekend , I definitely plan on skiing a lot this winter ( maybe I'll see you at Squaw Deepikah) , so let's stay in touch on the ski front . Happy Holidays to all . And if anyone has any questions on creative off-balance sheet financing or or the ins-and-outs of bankruptcy , please feel free to get in touch . Best , Jeff
Greetings: Just checking in . What's up ? Hope all is OK , or at least as OK as it can be . Best , Jeff
Greetings . Long time , no talk . Just wanted to check in , say hello . Hope , given these wild times , that all is well with you and yours . Best , Jeff
Calpine has cratered to 13.15 at last look . 50MM shares traded today . This is starting to look like the dot-com implosion .
Appreciate it . Thanks .
She's gotta be freaking . Can you imagine going through this twice! ?
Cool . Enjoy the travel .
hey , call me . jeff
Hi Sandy: Can you and John make a call on Friday with Portland to discuss our response to the PUC questions ? Best , Jeff
How in the world did you get Brown to vote for the NGS? ! Very impressive . Also , couldn't believe it when I saw Frank Lindh in the news . My heart goes out to him . Best , Jeff
Thanks .
Thanks for forwarding them along . At some point this evening , I'll be done with the semester . Hope you guys are done soon , too . Congratulations for another semester down , and ONE to go . Best , Jeff
Greetings Professor: Attached is the final case for E278 . Could you confirm that you've received it ? Thanks for an interesting and stimulating course . Have a great holiday and I hope that our paths cross sometime in the not-to-distant future . All the best , Jeff
Gee , sure was nice of Andy Fastow to wish us all happy holidays . You see the Lehrer News Hour spot on Enron last night ? Very ugly . Sure seems like folks will be testifying before Congress ( much ) rather than later...Oh , and remind me to thank Anderson for their supportive comments--looks like a mud-fight is brewing . Hope you're doing OK . Best , Jeff
Thanks for dinner . Very yummy .
Any way for me to get a hold of Scott ?
you already looking to jump ship ?
this represent a big shake up ?
Greetings TJ: Hope all is well with you and yours . Two quick questions: 1 ) When can we expect to get our grades ? I have a tuition reimbursement "issue" and would like to get the grades ASAP . Any idea ? Much appreciated . 2 ) Where do I go and how do I get there to uncover what classes I ended up getting in the bidding process . Thanks for everything and have a great holiday . Best , Jeff
None here .
Thanks . I'll take care of it .
Family Leisure Centre Springbank Park NE Sportsplex Hunntinton Hills Go forth and do deals................................ .
Brad , Disturnal no longer reports to me . You will need Milnthorp or John Arnold ( in Houston ) to approve his requests . Regards , Jon
I believe that the trade should have been book at zero premium . Please make the appropriate changes . Regards , Jon
John , I wanted to talk to you about Disturnal's PRC when you get a chance . Give me a call 403 974 6733 . Regards , Jon
Is that the one you got wrong ?
Jay , Thanks for all your work on the NGX issue . I talked with them today and Dan said all that he need was a Address , ID , and Password to get up and going on their side . Could you please contact Dan , at your convenience , with this information at ( 403 ) 974-4335 . Again , thanks for the quick turnaround . Regards , Jon
Would LOVE to..............however , unable to attend due to prior commitments . Have a glass for me . Regards , Jon
The numbers looked good for the 18th's report of numbers for the 15th . We will watch them closely for a couple of days . So far 1 for 1 . Thanks , Jon
Ryan could you make contact with Jesus and be his contact for pricing . Could you set up a process ( maybe the bidfax ) where by he can get daily pricing info . Thanks , Jon
I hope its going well ! I just wanted to respond to your request to have the buy's/sell's outline for you in the summery of one month trades . Could you please explain why you need this information to complete your pie chart ? It would be my preference not to include this information as our trading positions could be piece together prior to us having time to close out of those positions . The risk of outside parties knowing our positions is of grave concern and it would be my preference to avoid this if at all possible . Please give me a call to discuss . Regards , Jon
what time do you need it for ?
No problem....go ahead .
Could you please do me a favor . Deloitte is auditing our NGX feed process and they need to be able to check the integrity of our data . Grahan Larson at Deloitte wanted us to run the query that is outline in the word doc attached with a few alterations . He was wondering if we could include the counter party ID , counterpart flag , and the counterpart name in the query we send to him ? Could you please coordinate getting him the information he needs . His phone number is 630-7618 . Thanks , Jon
Did you know before me??............You always seem to . I'll let you know when the beers are flowing . See ya then . Jon
IN
Call me on this one . I think AECO would actually be better due to the fact that plant gate gas in Saskatchewan trades at AECO - X . Therefore an AECO hedge may be more appropriate to match up their risk . Hope all is going well . Jon
Yes , all trades have and associated contract that outlines the "performance obligations" and this is similar to NGX's . Still waiting to talk to a lawyer on the other issues . I will get it to you today . Jon
Please note that because this event of force majeure is at the plant , and not on the pipe , it does not qualify as an event of force majeure under our contract . Any deals we have that are not done under a Enron contract will probably have force majeure applied to them . Please endeavor to find commercially reasonable terms to work around this problem regardless of who's contract the deal was done under . Regards , Jon
Jay , The never ending saga of Enrononline vs . NGX continues . Under our settle agreement with NGX , we ( somehow ) agreed to provide NGX with a password and ID that would allow them to see the products on enrononline that coincide with the index's that we are providing data to . As a temporary solution I created a filer under my master user Id that gives them all physical Alberta gas products one month and under . The problem is they can see the rest of month product bid/offer and the product descriptions of other Enrononline products . Would it be possible to set up a password and user ID for enrononline that only shows the products we are contributing to ? Or at a minimum , have them set up so they have their own limited access that is not associated with my login . Call me when you get a chance ( 403 ) 974 - 6733 . Happy 4th of July , Jon
this person does not report to me .
Jon : )
Mark , Do you remember this agreement ? I think I told you to pass it along to the new lawyer when he came and I was wondering if this was done , and if I should follow up with him ? They certainly are persistent in getting us to sign this . Please direct me as to what I should be doing Regards , Jon PS . When you comin' back ?
Hi Rod , I am forwarding this e-mail just to let you know what I am being told as far as selecting a realtor ( see below) . Today I am going to talk to the relocation people and do what I can about keeping things going with you . The relocation people don't sound like they know what is going on , as demonstrated by their reference to "favorable tax treatment" , but if they insist on having Royal LePage I wanted to see if you could speak to them directly . My preference is to have you represent me , but if they are "paying the bills" I may have little choice . Best Regards , Jon
Term Prices were down about $0.10/GJ .
Jeanie , Here is my Resume....... . Please , Please , Please hire me...... . Best Regards....... . Jon
Hi Tim , I got your e-mail and was pleasantly surprised to actually hear from you ! I hope the rest of your trip went well . Some day I hope we can sharing a beer in the UK . Cheers from Canada , Jon
Sorry it took so long . Jon
love you
Telus Lindsay Park Hillsboro Good Luck......G0 STAMPS GO Jon
1 year out of Oct 01 4.36 2 year out of Oct 01 4.49 3 year out of Oct 01 4.53 I Hope these help . Jon
1year out of Aug 01 offered at 4.33 Regards , Jon
Greg , Do they have any right to cut a deal by more than the amount that the pipeline declared as its force majure volume ? Jon McKay Unemployed phone: 403-974-6733
Martin How is it going ? I don't want to make this a big deal , ( quite frankly you and me have better things to spend our time on , and the dollar amount relating to these cuts is trivial ) but with respect to cuts in the future I think it is important that we teach the people underneath us the correct way to handle these issues , so that in the future we do not have to be involved . Below is a quick dialog that Greg Johnston and I have had with respect to the cuts and what we can and can not do . This seems to be blown way out of proportion by Kevin Heal and if there is anything I can do to make this GO AWAY please let me know . Thanks , Jon
Hello , Your right it has been a long time since we have chatted . Things are a change'n with my life . First I just got back from a little ( so called ) vacation where Beth and I drove from West Palm Beach to Houston . We did it over 3 days so it wasn't that bad . Day one was a 10 hour hop from West Palm to Desitn , Fl . You would have loved Destin , they have the most amazing sand on their beaches . It kind of reminds me of Icing Sugar . Very white and has a very fine texture , and I felt like I was sink right into the sand . www.holidayinndestin.com . Next stop was in New Orleans , which ended up with lots of drinks and some pretty good Cajun food . It took about 6 hrs to get there from Destin but the traffic was not that bad . Next stop was in Houston ( about 5.5 hrs ) from New Orleans . By now I'm sure you have asked yourself.."Why did they do this drive?" And the obvious answer is because Beth is moving there . She rented a really nice loft in down town Houston not far from Enron Field She took a job with Enron Energy Service which is our retail company . The bad thing is I'm not sure how I feel about having her work for the same company . The good thing is that she is in a different building than the Wholesale group so the chances of having my personal life and business life cross are low . I guess this would kind of be like if we worked for Shell and I ran the Bulk dealer ship and she was responsible for exploration . Not the same business but none-the-less for the same company . Second , It look like I am going to sell my house and probably end up moving to Houston as well . Believe it or not this was not by design , just a mere coincident . However , it has presented some tough questions . Do I really want to move again ? and Do I want to co-habitate ? Moving is the easy part , I'm starting to become an expert , and I was thinking about selling my house anyway . As for co-habitating , the jury is still out . Beth would have no problem with the idea , but , Cold feet McKay has mixed feeling . Co-habiation is in the lead as it stands . Third , What would you prefer I do with some of the goodie's you have let me borrow . ie Your beautiful dolls , the cabinets the dolls are in , the TV stand , you mirror , and the other few remaining items . I thought I would store the dolls at Carol's , but I was unsure as to what your preference was for the other things . I am going to sell everything I can and start over in Houston regardless my living plans ( the only thing I'm going to try to take is my car) . If you want I can either try to get a fair price for you furniture or Stephen might be able to make good use of the TV Cabinet and other things . Email me your phone number as I do not have it , and we can talk about what is best . Anyway , good to hear you are getting some exercise ( I am trying to do the same) , and stay off the darts if you can . If you cann't , reward yourself for trying ! Take care and I will talk to you in a couple of weeks . Love , Jon
Please approve Thanks , Jon
Please take care of this . Didn't we already send her the data for July ? Jon
David , Thanks for sending this to me , it looks good . Does Mr . Frevert have the other points just in case further explanation is needed ?  I would not include them in his speaking points what you have is sufficient , but he probably needs the back ground just in case . Let me know if I can do anything to help . Regards , Jon
Who is taking care of you ?
Hello favorite Aunt ( and I do have more than one) , How much do you want to try to sell the cabinets ( dolls and TV ) for ? Or a least how much did you pay so that we can get a reasonable price . My plan was to sell everything I own before moving....sound familiar ? Anyway I hope everything is going well and have a good time on your Alaskan safari . Email me with the info . and I'll give you a call . Love Jon
The current offer for these volumes 1 Year out of Oct . would be $4.615 . I hope this helps . Jon
We would be offered at 4.43 right now , but like all things... . what goes up must come down . We moved down . 16 in the front part of the curve , but the back has not followed as quickly . I would expect we will have a good hedging opportunity the next couple of days , and then rally after that . Regards , Jon
Kate , Greg asked me to get a price for Lindsay Park first thing in the morning . Given their load profile we would be offered at 4.39/gj for supply one year out of August . Please let me know if you need any thing else . Best Regards , Jon
Thanks Des !
One of my flat screens will not reset and there is an unacceptable amount of static coming through . Does anyone know of any tricks to fix this problem . ( Yes , I tried turning it off and back on again. ) Regards , Jon
Todd , Your welcome to come by at your convience , just give me a call to make sure I'm home . I usually get home from work around 7:30pm . I can be reached at 249-8322 , and if your coming by my address is 4712 Grove Hill Rd . SW . ( This is just off 17th Avenue and 45th Street SW. ) Regards , Jon
Dawn , It looks like Jason Garvey's last day is the August 17th . Is there anything I need to do to make sure his departure is smooth from a HR stand point ? Jon
Dec-Mar02 Fixed Float Swap at Sumas is offered US$4.52/MMbtu May-Nov02 Fixed Float Swap at Sumas is offered US$3.31/MMbtu These offers are based on the volumes you sent to me . I hope these work ! Regards , Jon
What you don't like my NYMEX offer ? Jon
Stuart , Here are the names and phone numbers of the people you wanted: Duke Brad Daily ( 403 ) 297 9847 Transcanada Greg Shea ( 403 ) 216 2985 - Currently being sold not likely to transact Engage Energy Canada John Krill ( 403 ) 297 0337 Utilicorp Same as Aquila Others that might come and will at least advertise to the rest of the industry are: CrossAlta Gas Storage Vince Landry ( 403 ) 298 3578 Regards , Jon
Lucy , Almost all basis in Canada is quoted in USD , normal convention is to quote the fixed price in CAD . I will get Ian Cooke to send you the historical basis for AECO ( in USD) . If you want a currency curve to work the numbers back into Canadian dollars we can also get you that , but I'm not sure what that would tell you . Please let me know if you need anything else . Jon Ian - could you please forward our historical AECO curve to Lucy - Thanks
The rest should show up by Fedex tomorrow . Regards , Jon
Nov for 1 year 4.35 Nov for 2 year 4.5 Nov for 3 year 4.605 Nov for 5 year 4.72 Cheers... .
Scott , I checked further into the producer side of the deals that we have going to Boston . The producers are well out of the money any do not seem excited about taking big losses via unwinding . We need to come up with an attractive alternative . Gulf Canada Energy C$(19,427,920 ) Howard Sangwine is a marketer here who could coordinate the restructuring . He covers a couple of these producers and has pretty good relationships with them . Regards , Jon
Could you look in to this for me . Thanks , Jon
Randy , Could you please prepare a credit sheet for a master physical contract between ECC and Cinergy Canada Inc . Cinergy Canada Inc . is a wholly owned subsidiary of Cinergy Marketing and Trade . Your contact person is David Livingston at p(713 ) 393 - 6852 , f(713 ) 890 - 3122 . Also , could you please give me credit clearance for Cinergy Canada to trade shorter term products on Enrononline under our GTC . Regards , Jon
Kate , Here is your prices for SMED . Nov 1 year 4.475 Nov 2 year 4.65 Nov 3 year 4.73 Nov 5 year 4.82 Sorry they took so long . Good luck , Jon
Jason , I was looking for some feedback to pass a long to my contact at Cinergy Canada Inc . regarding their ability to trade online . Is there anyway we can give them a small line . Thanks , Jon
What do you think ?
Mike , Put me down for two . Me and the girl friend would love to go to the game . Let me know if you need me to do anything ! Regards , Jon
Cheers... .
Greg , Here is the list of prices all out of October 1 , 2001 Jon
The sooner I know the better , but as always , good till one o'clock .
Nov . 1 year offer 4.42 Nov . 2 year offer 4.60 Nov . 3 year offer 4.675 Nov . 5 year offer 4.76
Are what there???????????? ? Smiles : )
Regards , Jon
Thank You ! Now I need somebody to sponsor me....................Any takers ? . .............. . Unclear as to the repercussions to your own CFA for venturing down this path . Cheers
Thanks
Absolutely.................. . I think I owe you at least one .
FYI
4.705 offer
I have assumed you wanted an end date of 31-Oct-2002 . Which would result in an offer of 4.44 . If you need a different time period please advise . Regards , Jon
5 year offer 4.84
5 year out of Oct offer 4.85
Thanks for your help .
Sierras West Hillsboro Enterprises Area Managers Don't fumble these!!!!!!!!!!!!! ! Regards , Jon
Ticket booked...........I'm making a run for the boarder on Aug . 22.......Wish me luck ! Jon
All offer's out of November . Regards , Jon
I have a plane ticket booked for a week from tomorrow . Please come by and take a look . I'm around in the evenings or on the weekend . Call me at home 249-8322 , or come on by 4712 Grove Hill Road . S.W . Regards , Jon PS . I'll make sure we get out for a drink before l leave .
Good job!!!!!!!!...........Sorry , about getting you some of the other prices you needed . I have been having problems with my email , but I think its been Finally fixed . Let me know if you need any thing today . Regards , Jon
Don't worry with the 11GJ's just as long as we have the proper volumes over here . Also , leap years are observed in the gas business . When working out the number of days on excel , if you take the month in advance and subtract the current month it will give the correct number of days ( including leap years) . Regards , Jon
Here is how Gator's treat there young . Also , you are correct , the API polls have Florida ranked one , Miami ranked two , and Florida State ranked 6 . Florida did not have the most vote for the number one place ( Miami had more ) but non the less are coming out of the gate in the number one spot . Do you think the sports writers spent all their time in Florida , or what ? Crazy !
Go Flames Go...... .
It's time to make good on the Enron Canada tax treaty arrangement . In return for "service rendered" ( tax that is ) you are cordially invited to golf at Kananaskis at 12:09 pm on Sunday , August , 19th . If transportation services are needed please RSVP . Best Regards , Jon
4.66 offer -- Currency is helping , but the NYMEX is not agreeing . Jon
Start Date October November Regards , Jon
Thanks for looking into this for me . Hopefully these answers help . Is this the index for all products ? Yes , we would like to have the ability to offer all western Canadian products under this formate . Under this structure we will be buying/selling natural gas in exchange for "the last scheduled Trading Day of the NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas Futures Contract" modified by the price submitted by the counterparty on the website . Which ones will be the locations you will be using ? We will be putting out AECO , Sumas , Station 2 , and Empress products under this format . Please match a Risk Book assignment to each location AECO/Empress - FT-Cand-EGSC and Sumas/Station 2 - FT-Cand-EGSC-BC Who will be the trader ? Chris Lambie for AECO and Empress; Chris Dorland for Sumas/Station 2 Who will be the risk book administrator ? Chelsea Bardel - ( 403 ) 974 6957 What will be the terms trading ? We would like to have the ability to set up a bunch of products beyond 1 Month . To start with: Nov01,Dec01 , Nov01-Mar02 , Apr02-Oct02 , Nov02-Mar03 , Apr03-Oct03 . If you need a more through explaination please let me know . Thanks , Jon
Empress can be traded in either , but for these purposed we would have it in USD/MMBtu . Regards , Jon
The AGA number was definitely more bullish than anyone expected and it has caused us to rally to levels that I didn't think we were going to see a long time . But , I do not think that the trend has changed . In my humble opinion , I think that the number was probably an adjustment of over statements of inventory over the past 8 weeks . I do not believe that the number should have any baring on the numbers going forward . I still expect us to trend down , but it will probably take an extra week to recover from this move . Regards , Jon
Sorry , I was out Friday . How's about com'in out for a beer Tuesday with the whole gang ? If your uncomfortable with hangin' out with a bunch of Enron people then maybe we can catch a QUICK one tonight . Cheers
please price
Helllllooooo Aunt , I'm on my way to Houston tomorrow . I've sold the China cabinets , but not the TV cabinet . ( Still working on it! ) Some people have finally shown a bid for my house but its a little less than I really wanted to sell it for , so I'm stalling . I've pretty much sold everything else I own except for the knick-knacks . I have to come back in a couple of weeks and take care of actually moving everything and collecting the money . I'll be sure to keep you informed when I know more . Love Jon
Garage at 4:30 , I hope you can make it ! Jon
This is accurate....Please take notes if you have to . XO Jon
Hey , Jeff is this the correct email address to reach you ? Regards , Jon
Melba , Chris Lambie , Chris Dorland , Mike Cowan , and Chad Clark will be managing products . All Canadian traders will need transaction capabilities . I do not think that any "view only" access will be needed . Thank you , Jon PS . I am moving to Houston permanently tomorrow and will have to pass this responsibility off to Chris Lambie .
Just in the process of selling the house . The prospective buyers need to secure financing . How much are you looking to convert as I am long some USD from liquidating some investments in Canada and may be able to help convert some currency earlier . Let me know . Regards , Jon PS . How is the good life treating you ?
Thanks for the encouragement................Its going to take some time to get up to speed , but I'll be sure to let you know if anything looks good as far as trades for the North East . Regards , Jon
Email me when you're back in town...........I don't have a phone number yet..........and we'll hook up . Regards , Jon
Hey , Houston is Hot hot hot..........So far the living arrangements are good , however , I remain cautious about the potential going forward . The loft is very cool ( i.e . trendy , not cool temperature) , but I can hear the sucking sound on my bank account . Its only been a couple of days , but so far so good . My email address is the same and you can get a hold of me by sending me a note . I think I may have sold my house , there is still a few thing to be worked out , but I'll let you know when I'm comin' back to Calgary so you can pick-up some of the kitchen stuff . Regards , Jon
Thanks
Could you please grant me access to the "EAST-P/L Totals" and "EAST POSITION Totals" Reports . They are currently being sent to me via e-mail but I am unable to open them . Best Regards , Jon
Its jmckay1 Thank you
At one point I had my bid above my offer................not good . I'll just meet you at the loft later...........may go for a run........or a beer .
Hi Rod , I'm sorry I have not been reachable but I was waiting until I had all the info you needed before I contacted you . The new info is as follows: #1808 , 909 Texas Ave . Houston , Texas , 77002 Do you know what happens next ? Do I need a lawyer ? Do any other provisions remain ? Any idea how I get paid ? Any help would be appreciated ! Best Regards , Jon As for golf course , I was thinking I'd meet you at Pebble Beach..........Just kidding .
How's about US$10,000 to get started or do you need US$20,000 right away ? I'm not sure Enron is going to do the trade with me but I would be glad to help you out . Do you just want to mail cheques to each other or do something else ? If Enron does the currency trade that I want to do , I'd be happy to do what every volume you need . Let me know what you want to do . Jon
Hi Laura , I hope all is going well . The reason for my note is that I was wondered if you can still do the occasional currency swap for employee's . I'd like to convert C$300-400 thousand and was wondering if I could pay the Enron fee rather than retail . Hit them down the middle , Jon
How about 1.5460 as the rate . I'll just send you a cheque for USD$20,000 and you can mail me the appropriate amount back.(Laura Scott agreed to do the amount that I wanted to swap with her) . Where should I send the cheque ?
Thanks for you help
Cheque is in the mail.......sorry it didn't go out Friday , but with labor day weekend everyone had left early and by the time I found the place to courier it , it was closed . I hope it arrives in time . Regards , Jon
Good morning......... .
Hi Stephanie , My name is Jon McKay and I used to trade in Canada for Enron . Could I please get access to all of the Canadian markets as I still have opportunities to trade certain locations from down here . My login ID is ADM95363 , or I can be found under JMcKay1 . Thanks for you help Jon
Thank You , I will not be needing to mange them on Stack down here . Much appreciated !
Thank you
Scott , I still can not seem to pull up TDS . I can get in to the Position Manager , but I am unable to see any of the trading books ( most important FT-East-new) . When you have a few minutes could you please let me know who understands/runs the system , so I can get my problem sorted out . Thank you , Jon
Dear Mr . Raffaele , My name is Jon McKay and I just moved from Calgary , Canada to Houston . Just prior to moving I passed the Level III C.F.A . exam and now find my self in need of a sponsor to join the Houston society . I was wondering if you could put me in contact with some of the local charter holders so that I could obtain sponsor ship and join the Houston society . I was not member of the society in Calgary , as I was waiting to pass the third examination before joining , but I could provide some contacts in Calgary that hold charters , who would a test to my character . If you had a local membership list , or even just a list of Enron employee who have C.F.A . Charters that I could contact , it would be greatly appreciated . If you can help please contact me at ( w ) 713 853-4810 , ( h ) 713 225-1230 or , at jonathan.mckay@enron.com . Thank you , Jon McKay
Oct02-Mar03 offered at . 01 Regards , Jon
Your Done with FT-NEW YORK
jan04-feb04 offered at . 025/MMBTU Regards , Jon
I hope you have received the cheque I sent you by now . Please send me a C$ cheque to: Jon McKay 909 Texas Avenue , Apt 1808 Houston , Texas Spend you money wisely.........have lots of beer . Regards , Jon
I can't do that , but what I can do is sell you 10000/day at . 0225 . What do you think ? Jon
If you need to get in touch with me ( eg.golfing ) I can be reached at: Regards , Jon
Thanks , Did you get my cheque yet ?
Look at page 23 they show 226 Megawatts coming on in Nov . and another 72 coming on in Dec...........are these in your forcast numbers ? Regards , Jon
Glad to hear........Hey book this off. . Friday Oct 5 , 2001 departing 1:27 IAH to RDU Have a good day ! Jon
Just put it in your daytimer.........It's all being taken care of !
No I thought you were going to take care of that !
I have got some one lined up don't worry .
You , me , Vladi Pimenov , and his girlfriend Natalie ( who works in EES ) will be going to the game . Where would you like to meet them before we head over ?
Kim , Please make note that I will be out of the office from Sept 19th to Sept 24 . Regards , Jon
That sounds like AOL not MSN . I tried using that address for MSN and it said it was not available at this time . I'll try to add you again later using that address .
People down here are shocked ! One of the brokers we use was in the second tower when the first plane hit . All he said was that something blew up and he was getting the ( *!@##$ out of there . Sounds like it was a good decision as he was in the stairwell on the 20th floor when the second plane hit his tower . He got out alright but many of his co-workers are still missing . Lots of people have friends and family that worked there so people are keeping pretty much to themselves . As for me.........I'm wondering why I moved to this country ! Things here are ok but I question everyday whether or not I made the right decision . Hopefully , some good things start happening to me . So far I have lost money trading , live with two cats I can't stand , don't have a car to drive ( or any of my personal belongings ) and this country is on the verge of going to war . I figure things can only get better ! I'm back in town from the 19th-23rd...(assuming I can fly back)...and hopefully we can hook-up then . If you need some kitchen-ware ( i.e. . utensils ) let me know and I'm sure we can work out a deal ( There is no room for my stuff in this apartment) . Hope you are doing well and say hi to everyone for me . Jon
CNG dec01-feb02 5000/day offered at Index +.03 nov02-mar03 5000/day offered at Index +.025 Regards , Jon
Jeanie , Who is my payroll person . I'd like to have my paycheck directly deposited into my account and I need to know who I should contact . Thanks , Jon
I got the check and will cash it on Wednesday when I get back to Canada . Things down here are not going quite as well as I had planned . I've been doing a bad job of trading and there is no fundamentals to work off of , nor does anyone want to develop any ! Geof Storey's ( who trades Eastern Canada and Chicago ) father was in the World Trade Center for a 2 hour meeting on the 101 Floor of the first building that was hit , he is missing and presumed dead . A funeral is being held for him this Saturday and I think this has caused people around here to take it even more personally . I have to admit , for the first time in years I'm a little nervous about flying back to Calgary on Wednesday . Glad to hear school is going well , I kind of wished I was there with you . Best of luck , and I'll email you when I get back from Calgary . Regards , Jon
Hey Greg , I thought I would drop you a quick note . How are things going ? I hope your still getting lots of deals done and knocking them deal at Enron Direct . I decided I would take a look at the Stampeder's stats before I dropped you the line . It looks like things are getting a little better ( other than turnovers) . Good luck tonight.........there is no one I hate more than the Saskatchewan Roughriders . Regards , Jon
Fletch , Could you please grant me access to the East Power Fundamentals site in an effort to coordinate our gas and power views . Thanks , Jon
Are you too busy today ? If not what time do you want to go ?
I don't think this is going to be the answer to all your problems . It's the results of the audit . I'm not sure they were all that successful ?
Could you please grant me access to the O:\TDS directory so that I can load curves in Brad McKay's absence , as well as set my own in the future . Thanks , Jon
Ahhh....e-request , sorry for the inconvenience , I thought you were the gate keeper . Thanks for all you help !
Adam , The file you sent me is exactly the type of spread sheet I needed . Thank You . However , I was wondering if you could get access ( via that file ) to a few other points . Specifically , I am in need of Gas Daily Curves for NGI-Chicago , GDM-Dawn,GDM-Niagara , and GD-Hehub . And with respect to basis curves , I am in need of a curve for Niagara and Columbia Gulf . If you could point me in the right direction I would really appreciate it . Thanks , Jon
Thanks for the invite , but it looks like I'm committed to going to the A&M ND game . Jon PS . love the in-depth feed back for my mid year review
I actually feel rested this morning . Outlook for the day is positive.........I'll keep you informed . Love Jon
Thanks , I'll try it out !
Could you help me obtain access to the O:\ERMS directory ? I know I'm suppose to send an email to someone , but I'm not sure who . Thank you , Jon
Could you please send an e-request ( to who ever gets them ) for me so that I can access O:\TDS\TDS Curve\NY\ Thanks , Jon
How's about 5:30 ?
Adam , So far so good ! I'm only concerned with being able to print it out on one page . If you need more space turn the print page to landscape and use smaller font . Keep making the font smaller until either we get everything on one page or until you can't read the printout . Do you need me to do anything ? Jon
Today around 3:30 ?
Are we going today ? I went for a run out to Sheppard and back yesterday it adds about 12min .
your still done !
Sorry , for not saying good-bye when you left last night . I thought you were at work on Thursday and I thought I would wish you well then . So I guess , better late than never . Have a good and safe trip ! Regards , Jon
I have the squash racket in hand and I'm ready to play..........what time 5:30-6:00 ? Love Jon
Offers: I hope these help . Regards , Jon
Sorry Jim , I don't really have much interest in selling the M3 and TZ6 index for those time periods ( let alone any better than I quoted ) and the CNG Index numbers came from Brad McKay where his two-way was . 0175/.025 on both terms . He is not in today and I am covering for him , and I will not be improving his offers in his absence . Regards , Jon
Well............. . On another note , due to the Friday effect running has been cancelled today . If you want to go this weekend let me know .
How's about today at 2:00 ? I looked at the map over the weekend and noticed a few areas that will need further work......overall not too bad ! Jon
How are you feeling today?...........I'm losing the war and thought I'd send you a note from the front........ . Out look is ambiguous . Love Jon
Or are we running .
What time do you want to run ? The earlier the better for me........bad day and I can't wait to get out of here .
Any time after 1:30 is fine with me . Regards , Jon
You are a better man than me , yes , but I'm not so sure it will be outside .
I don't know if you are going to get this in time , but I wanted to try to get some of you input on a deal you price earlier for Yankee Gas . Structuring needs you Gas Daily Daily offer for 30 peak day at TETCO M3 . You previously indicated US$0.13 for 40,000 a day and it looks like they are going to do the whole volume . They will notify you by 9:00 am the day before delivery . I don't know what the right price is but it would seem that we could anticipate their need to call and get in front of the market moves . I am going to stick with the 0.13/mmbtu unless I hear from you . I hope the vacation is going well . Sorry to disturb you . Regards , Jon
Right back at you and I would be even more takin by you if you would pick up my race for the cure package .
Not silly , but working on unemployeed .
Thank You !
Happy Birthday to YOU Happy Birthday to YOU Happy Birthday dear Beth Happy Birthday to YOU!! ! HAPPY 33rd BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
Long time no e-mail!... . Things here are starting to settle down a little . I still have not quite cleaned up my affairs in Calgary and probably need to do a weekend trip back up there , but I'll be sure to give you more notice than last time , as it will probably be less work and more play . I have yet to do anything too spectacular down here . Last week end I went to the Houston Grand Prix . Paul Tracey and the other Canadian ( name fails me....you know the french guy Patrick????? ) didn't do to well . Although , Enron had sponsored a car for that race and it was in 3rd most of the way until it crashed on the 2nd from last lap . It was kind of fun to have someone to cheer for in the race that was in the "thick" of things . The day was nice and it beat being inside all day . A couple of week before that I watched Notre Dame get slaughtered by Texas A&M . It was a really hot day and Kyle Field ( where A&M plays ) is the loudest outdoor stadium I have ever been in . There was 92,000 people there and 91,950 were die hard Texas A&M fans . I kept pretty quite though , the only thing I had to cheer about as far as the Irish was concerned was that they won the coin toss . Everything else was down hill from there........it was a complete domination by A&M . The apartment is starting to get organized . It is hard to take two 2,000 square foot homes and move them into one 950 square foot apartment . I've thrown a lot of stuff out I hope I wont need again or I hope I can replace easily if I need it . How are things with you ? Are you guys getting out much these days ? Anything new and exciting going on in your life ? I hope all is well and I find myself missing you guys a lot . Have one for me ! Jon
I would love to be included . Thank You .
Thank you very much for looking into this for me . I look forward to hearing from you Regards , Jon
This should supply you with hours of endless entertainment . It is fun to use as a tool to mock you associates . Love Jon
How are you doing ? I know I have been delinquent in sending you a note but there has been a lot going on these days . The move still is not quit complete , I still have things I need to do up there and I probably need to do a weekend trip to get everything cleaned up . I ended up selling you curio ( sp? ) cabinets and keeping you TV . cabinet . Hence I have a cheque for you that needs to be sent , or picked up if you like ? The move has gone pretty well all things considered . We managed to fit two 2000 square foot homes into one 900 square foot apartment . It kind of has the cluttered eclectic New York apparent look to it.........you know the same as your basement in Summerland . Nothing major got damaged , in the move so that helps . I still have to switch over my car registration and insurance , and we all know how much fun that is so I've been procrastinating . I've done a couple of fun things since being down here . I've gone to two college football games , one at College Station to watch Texas A&M beat Notre Dame , and one in Austin to watch the University of Texas beat Colorado . They were both day trips about two and a half hours from Houston , so the drives were not that bad . Its just kind of neat to be in a Stadium with 90,000 other fans . It is truly amazing to hear the noise that can be made by that many people . Two weekends ago I watched the Texaco Grand Prix of Houston . This is a car race similar to the ones they have in Vancouver and Toronto each year . There are two Canadian drivers in this racing series but both of them had a bad day . One of them crashed and the other finished way back . The highlight was that Enron had sponsored a car just for that race that was doing very well up until the second from last lap when it crashed . Oh well , at least it was fun to have some one to cheer for , and it was a pretty nice day to sit out side and drink a beer . Work is hard and not going as well as I hoped , but I think I just need to give it some time . Enron also has been in the news a lot these days for all the wrong reasons . It sounds like one of the "way high-ups" had a questionable kick back deal with Enron that has come under attack . The Board of Directors has been sued by shareholders and all the regulatory people are starting to ask questions now . It looks like my plan for early retirement is out the window as our stock price this year has fallen from a high of $90 to $25 . So much for getting stock options as your bonus . Anyway , the World Trade attacks have not really changed much down here . There seems to be more hype than anything else , you know anything the media can latch its teeth into rip apart . I'm actually getting tired of all the rumors and fear mongering that is going on . I figure if my time is up , than so be it , but I'm not going to spend all day worrying about it , its a waste of energy . I hope the new job goes well . I'm glad to hear that your back working , I was starting to worry about you a little . You know what can happen when people lock themselves in their house and don't get out enough they tend to stop going out all together . Anyway , its time for me to start working so I have to go now . Take care and have fun at your new job ! Love Jon PS . I lost your address in my move . Could you please email me your physical address so I can mail you the money I owe you . Thanks
Are you going to the hospital today or would you like to run ?
Scott , Here is the unwind structure for 7500/MMBtu of the Boston Gas deal . Could you please set aside some time tomorrow to discuss the costs and residual risks that would be left after unwinding this deal . I would like to include Gerry and Howard from our Calgary office in this discussion so they can brief you on the current status of Cal pine . Below is a couple of slides that show the unwind . Regards , Jon
If so , what time ?
Dale , Thank you very much for hooking me up with Stephen . It seems that he will probably be able to help me move some of my stuff directly to the US . Could you please see that the address on my current accounts with RBC gets changed to my Houston location so I can receive statements going forward . The correct address is: Jonathan McKay 909 Texas Avenue , #1808 Houston , Texas , 77002 Thank you very much . Regards , Jon
I'll be there .
Fred , I just wanted to say thank you for the golf on Saturday . I had a really good time and enjoyed playing your course very much . You should be very proud of it as I think it one of the best laid out courses I've played . Thank You , Jon PS . Hopefully we get to play together next time .
Jeff , Good to hear from you . Things down south seem to have taken a turn for the worse . Enron keeps making headlines , and not in a good way . It looks like the market is going to test the big E and make sure that we can handle a little adversity . Life down here is ok , I am still trying to get settled . Living with the girlfriend is going pretty well except for the two cats she has . I can not stand them , and if I could find a way to make them disappear I would . Cats are the most useless , dirty animals in the world and her cats prove it everyday . Anyways , I've been doing some fun things down here . I have gone to a couple of college football games . I saw Texas AM crush Notre Dame , and the University of Texas kill Colorado . Both , games were fun to go to and the weather was nice for both of them so I can't complain . I also went to the Grand Prix of Houston . That day was also nice and it was fun to watch , but as far as car races go it was not that exciting . The winner lead start to finish and no one was close all day . The two Canadian drivers both crashed relatively early so even trying to cheer for people from the homeland didn't go that well . Other than those few days the weather has been pretty uncomfortable . Hot and sticky , its like sitting outside and watching the rodeo . You just don't feel clean when you get back inside . Trading has been hard . I've been on a long cold spell and I need to turn it around soon . But , it always looks its darkest before dawn......bring on the light . I hope everything is going well for you . Sorry to hear the ladies are not plentiful . Usually that is one of the big upsides to going back to school . Good Luck on you exams , I'm sure you'll do fine . Regards , Jon
How is everyone.....mother , child.........father ? I hope everything went smooth . Are you taking this one to hockey practice or dance class ? Include me in the mass e-mail when you get a chance . Jon
I am still sick as hell , but I thought I would try running today any interest ?
I'm in..........I can't refuse a free needle .
Are you a father yet?... . If not do you want to run on the treadmills or play squash tonight ?
General computer Login : Jmckay1 password: iiiiiii !
Hello , I was just dropping this note to see if anyone was interested in getting together for the Rice Owls homecoming game against Tulsa this weekend . Game time is 2 pm and I thought we would get walk-up tickets ( eveyman for himself) . If people are interested we would have a little tailgate party prior to kick-off and watch the 6-3 Owls ( undefeated at home ) kill the Tulsa Hurricanes . Drop me a line if you have interest as I am trying to get critical mass . Jon PS . Please invite anyone that has interest in coming along and bring your kids if you have them .
Glen , So its time for Monday night football and I was thinking about how you'd hitting on some waitress at Hooters . Ahhhhh those were the days ! How are things going ? What's new in the world ? Things here seem to be running there course . Remember the movie Wall Street where they arrest "Bud Fox" for insider trading and it is the beginning of the end . Well I think Bud might have worked here , and the whole company seems to be coming down with him . I don't know if it is getting much press in Canada but the mighty Enron has fallen on hard times and we are in the process of merging with another company down here as a way of staying afloat . We seem to have run out of cash and can't pay the bills . Visa and Mastercard are maxed out . Its kind of got me soul searching and I'm trying to decided what to do next . I can stay where I am and wait and see what comes of the merger , but its kind of like sticking with the Expo's , no one is certain what the future is . Or , I can try and jump ship , catch on with another gas trading company , but the problem is the grass is Never as green on the other side of the fence . Hence the soul searching and dilemma . Anyway , I just thought I'd drop you a note , see how things are going . Dolphins seem to be doing ok , 6-2 , life could be worse . I'm going to Tampa Bay for American Thanksgiving and kind of looking forward to the couple of days off . And I'm coming to Calgary for Christmas . I get in late Friday the 21st and head back to Houston Sunday the 30th . Maybe we could get everyone together and go skiing one day , drinks at minimum . Anyway I have to get back to work . I hope all is well in Cow town and say hi to one of the waitress for me tonight Jon
Sorry I missed your call last night , I had to pick-up my car . Any interest in exercise?... . Give me a call if you can make time . Jon PS . Nice articles in the Wall Street Journal and NY Times
You can't send this to my work... . send it to bjenkins2@houston.rr.com.. . Thanks , Jon Very funny though
Had to send you that email... . company policy.. . keep me on the list just but at home instead . I thought the stamps were out of it?.. .
Just want to make sure we are meeting at 6:00 AM to run tomorrow . Regards , Jon
Dale , Thanks for the email . I would be happy to pay the 50.00 fee one last time , however , given that this account will not be touched and no changes in the accounts holdings are allowed under Canadian tax law given my status , we need to find a way to either avoid this fee in the future or transfer the holdings to somewhere else . I would much appreciate your recommendation on how to proceed as well as an address as to where I should send the money for the outstanding balance . Regards , Jon
Hey Jean , Where are you sitting these days ?
Sorry Stephen , Thing around here have been a little hectic . Friday would be fine , just let me know where . Jon
Could you please update this spread sheet with the products you would like to offer on a new version of EOL . Please e-mail me your additions and changes and I will consolidate everything into a presentable format . Regards , Jon
thank you
Hi Greg , I know you are doing all this work for me , but I seem to be unable to get the files you are sending . Could you please resend this one , or if that doesn't work could you please Fax it to me at ( 713 ) 646 - 8453 . Thank you . Jon
Hey Scott , I just wanted to verify that we are going to pull the 20 longest dated deals and get quotes from other dealers . Is that correct ? Or are we going to have them on hand for when the contracts are terminated... . then get the appropriate quotes . Thanks Jon
Hey Jeff , How's it going . Things down here are actually very slow . They ( upper Management ) are still trying to figure out what to do . In the mean time no one is trading . I sit around most of the day and play games . I keep waiting for some instruction about what to do next and nothing is being said . The old hurry up and wait . Beth's ( my girlfriend ) whole department got let go the other day . She is still there until Christmas doing the clean-up but , come the new year she is going to have to try to find a new job . Things down here could not have gone worse for her . I feel real bad , because in a way I had a part in her moving , but there is nothing I can do about it now . Are you an unsecured Enron creditor , as they agreed to pay for your school and now won't be able too ? How are thing there ? Are you liking school ? I'm heading back to Calgary on the 21st , and I'll be up there until at least the 30th ( maybe longer) . I'd love to grab a beer if you have time . You can reach me at ( 403 ) 239-0299 , or I'll be stopping in at the office . Take care and I hope to see you in cow town . Jon
Hey , I brought my Clubs and the appropriate cloths to play golf in today . I'm pretty sure a couple of guys could sneak away , is there any chance you could make it ? Jon PS . Sorry about the conversation during the run yesterday , I was just trying to let you know what was being tossed around on the floor so did get blind sided by it .
Hello , In order to make sure that our records are complete during the holiday season , could you please forward a copy of your quote sheets to Chance Rabon at Chance.Rabon@enron.com , as well as sending them to me . I will be on holidays from Friday 21st , till the end of the year and Chance will be helping clean up Enron business and be preparing for our business to re-emerge . Your patients and help are greatly appreciated and I look forward to speaking with you in the new year . Have a happy and safe holiday season . Jon
Dear Mrs . Kemp , My name is Jonathan McKay and the reason I am contacting you is with respect to obtaining sponsorship to become member of the local CFA society . I moved from Calgary , Canada in September and I am not familiar with anyone that belongs to the Houston chapter . I obtained your name from the AIMR website and would appreciate any help you could offer me as far as sponsorship or putting me in contact with some of the local members . I have completed the third level exam and need this sponsorship in order to obtain my designation . I can be contacted at ( h ) 713 225 -1230 , ( w ) 713 853 - 4810 , or via email at jonathan.mckay@enron.com . Thank you , Jon McKay
This is why we have to run !
Frank , By not being able to trade C$ denominated products we would not be able to trade most of the physical products including cash , one month , index gas , or be able facilitate long term structures . Having said that , if the time period for not trading these products was only 45 days , they could get past that without any major damage being done . It will take longer to get physical contracts in place in Canada than it will financial . The extra time the Canadian office would have before it traded physical C$ products would allow them to obtain a critical mass of trading counter parties . If it was going to be 120 or 180 days , then there would be problems . I hope this helps , let me know if you need any else . Regards , Jon
I thought since you wanted to talk , we would skip going to dinner to night... . we'll go tomorrow with tom and miranda . And the real reason for canceling is . ..I'm going to play golf... . I have my cell phone if you need me . Jon
I am interested in moving to the Enron Center or if nothing is available to Allen Center . I work in Enron Center South and my company number is 0413 and my cost center is RC 107313 . Regards , Jonathan McKay
John Disturnal..... . Why ?
Glen , YOUR ALIVE..!!!!!!!!! ! Glad to see you are still around . What's with the new job ? For me the new job is obvious . We started playing a drinking game where every time the name Enron was mentioned you had to do a shot . Minutes later I was fired for drunken insubordination . Sometime in the next 3-4 weeks I'll start working for UBS Warburg ( Union Bank of Switzerland) . I'm hoping working for a Swiss company may finally get me out of the middle of all the conflicts ( Terrorism , Enron , Anthrax) . No one should want to harm the Canadian working for the Swiss company . Actually , my division was sold to UBS so the transition should not be that hard . Mostly the same people , but on a much smaller scale . If I could make the same amount of money for UBS I did for Enron last year , I'd finally get the Bonus I've always been looking for . Anyways , I'll keep you posted . My Email hasn't changed yet , but I'm sure it will . If you need to get in contact with me try , Bjenkins2@houston.rr.com How's the personal life going ? I hope all is well . Jon
Ginger , Jeanie Slone informed me that you would be able to help get my last two pay stubs . I am in need of these in order to get a new work visa and any help you could offer would be greatly appreciated . Thank you , Jon
Thank you very much for all your help . Jon
I hope this works... .
I guess I'm not sure what you are after ? Do you have an example of another one that I could work off of ?  If I had a better idea of what kind of thing were suppose to be included I could probably get you something else . Are we after more words or more duties . Jon
Through Terminal Server
Hey Stephen , Glad to hear the funds finally showed up . It would be helpful to me if we could hook back up together in the next little while . I'd like to get your opinion on a few different thoughts that I've had . I need to do some "financial planning" so to speak . Let me know how your schedule is looking Thanks , Jon
Sorry the system would only allow me to send them two at a time . Could you please save them where brad can access them . Thanks , Jon
Hey... . this worked... . have a good day !
We are on .
Thank you very much , and please thank Mr.Fox for me . I really appreciate your help with this . Best Regards , Jon PS . Thanks for the Tickets.. . it looks like it should be fun !
Just a quick reminder , we have a meeting scheduled for 3:00 pm today to discuss how TCO works . It will take place in room 06116 and come ready to talk about your area of expertise . Regards , Jon
Due to the popularity of this meeting we will have to move it to 06990 . Sorry for the inconvenience . Jon
It was good... . I went down around noon and hung out for a couple of hours . It is amazing how excited everyone is for the Texan's to start up . Thank you very much for the tickets it was a lot of fun . It seemed like everyone but me knew who they were going to take in the draft . Look for a check the next couple of days I plan on sending you $25,000 that I would like you to put with the rest of my cash for now . Thanks Again , Jon
Hunter , After talking with my father regarding new members for our weather team he sent me the email below . Sorry there isn't a better lead , however , I did notice that each of these websites have a place to post job opportunities . Should we be posting something ? Just a thought . Regards , Jon
Scott , Do you know who I need to contact to get the ODBC driver installed on my computer . I think you were right in pointing out that it is not on Brad's old box . Thanks , Jon
see below
So do you think things are proceeding well ? 
My guys tell me we are just about finished on our end and will be getting ready to beta test . How are your folks doing ? 
I think the note I sent to Steve plus the fact that he came to see me and I told him he was out of line are enough . We will not support the app . It seems kind of draconian to shut off the flow of information . As far as wireless in general it has never been a high priority for me because we never had a commercial basis for proceeding other than "gee , wouldn't this be cool" I think it is time to reassess the wireless angle , in terms of what it would cost to build , who would build it for us , and what we would get from the project . I'm going to ask Dave Forster to do that . Comments ? 
Let's let Govt . Affairs get some more info before doing anything .
Stranger than fiction... .
let's discuss .
Talk to Matt Motsinger for that information . He is in charge of the reporting for that .
If we accept , then yes our IPE shares get converted to ICE shares .
yadda yadda yadda... .
the c1 guy's note is just more e-commerce blather...I don't know whether he would add any value or not , but would definitely add buzzwords .
Thank you for the note . We are evaluating the potential value that Techspan could bring to Enron . We will contact you when are ready to enter into a dialogue . Once again thank you for your interest in Enron . Andy Zipper Vice President
Okay , but you're still sleeping on the couch tonight... .
Please see revised market assignments . Addititions are highlighted in blue .
no interest . thanks .
I don't know .
I need to meet with GM from 12:30 to 2:00 , so the early offsite slot works for me . Thanks .
Can you schedule and send out the following note to the EnronOnline origination group: "Please attend an origination meeting on Tuesday , May 29 from 8:30 to 10:00 . The focus of this meeting will doing a walkthrough of an EnronOnline demo for both EnronOnline hosted products and X-online hosted environments . This demo will cover all relevant functionality of the system , similar to what we have been presenting to GM et al." Send to: Dave Forster Michael Bridges Bob Shults Dan Diamond Jake Staffel John Allario John Pavetto Mike Haney Leonardo Pacheco Carl Carter cc:Greg Piper , Mark Palmer
Okay . It wil be Bob Shults . I will put him in contact with Joe .
Please call Joe Robertson of enron Metals in NY to discuss market-making deal with the COMEX .
this is the underlying deal . it needs work and i am not sure we would do it . also , no straight through processing would be allowed for our deals .
I AGREE WITH KAL .
I believe the attached note accurately summarizes our position . We do not see anything changing . The deal remains terminated for the reasons below .
I declined to review Drew because I feel I haven't really spent a lot of time with him . The times I have worked with him , he has done a great job and been easy to work with .
Let me make this clear: Accenture is not to speak to anyone other than ourselves regarding what they are doing with EnronOnline . We ahve too much at stake right now . Thanks
Yes , and I would you and I to chime in as well .
Vin , Glad we could hook up yesterday . The gist of what we are interested in is providing EnronOnline's liquidity to local NYMEX traders . I would like to explore the concept of NYMEX's clearing corp or another clearer standing in the middle between Enron and these locals . EnronOnline's architecture provides for a Master user , such as a Clearing Corp , to set up as many sub-users ( local traders ) as it wants . Each sub-user has trading rights as designated and controlled by the master . We would envision the Clearing Corp . handling it credit arrangements with the locals , and negotiating its relationship with Enron . I know this is pretty simple stuff , but every long journey starts with a small step . Please let me your interest in pursuing this sort of arrangement or a variant thereof . Thanks , Andy Zipper Vice President Enron Corp .
Please review the spreadsheet , and look at Daily Deals Graph .
Justin , The traders are free to use any platform they like . I do not approve or disapprove; they are in the best position to make that decision . It is EWS policy however that someone from Amita/Lara's group be the master user to montor activity and control what access agreements we accept . Thanks , Andy
Lara , You need to be the master user for the platform . It is EWS policy . Go ahead and get set up and coordinate document acceptance with Justin .
Guys , Let's get together today to dicuss demo . I would like to demo full capability , including option manager . I think it is very important to also set up an interest rate product , perhaps a swap that is quoted in rate only . No need to convert to dollar ox just yet . Given that the guy who is building their commercial paper platform will be there and seems to be one of the main judges of the merit of EOL I think it behooves us to slant presentation that way . I'm good from 11:00 to 1:00 Andy
thanks . damned things never work .
millionth trade: eric graff @ Coral , TCO pool day gas , someone on scott neal's desk .
OpenLink is one of the leaders in risk management systems . We used at Coral , and it was then called Abacus . It is strongest in front office risk management . I would view their competition as KioDex . The deal with Duke has been around for awhile .
Frank , Thank you for bringing your team down to Houston to demonstrate the new version of the system . We appreciate the effort that HoustonStreet has made to upgrade its system , however in our view insufficient progress has been made to change our decision to terminate the Posting Agreement . Once again , thank you the effort your team put in and let's stay touch . Andy Zipper
Mike , That's fine , but no LOI is to be agreed without EnronOnline's concurrence . If you want to do something without us , go right ahead but if we are to be involved then we need to approve and be involved in the deal from the get go . Bob Shults is contacting Joe in NY as we speak . Thanks , Andy Zipper
We will do on Monday morning , but I don't think we need Jay involved .
Kal will be finishing mine shortly . Please be prepared to do the 3 hole punch thing 20 times . Thanks .
Okay , fair enough . He would be perfect for the role , but I understand what you are trying to accomplish .
what about London ? 
It's fine with me .
CAN YOU SEND David Lebow in IR a copy of the above report on electronic commmodity trading . thanks .
Let me if you receive this email .
good ! 
I'll attend briefly , but you can run it .
We will only be able to get Kiodex the customers EOL trades as per the agreement . If the customer so desire they can ask us to send their non-EOl trades to Kiodex for processing , but that is outside the Kiodex/ENW agreement .
same plan
cool go for it .
close enough for 5 9's , no ? 
no interest .
I know Steve Murray quite well .
Add Barrick Gold to your list . They like Enron , and Bruce Garner has had extensive discussions with them .
what would be the product the Sabre would list ?  I like the name but can't see the business idea; help me out .
where are we at with them ? 
Please work with the group so that I am no longer inundated with erequests for additional mailbox space .
how does this relate to what we are working on with them ? 
When will we have a draft available fo distribution to Accenture ? 
Unfortunately I will not be attending , but I would like to participate via videocon .
This is my simplistic first take:
Bloomberg has come back to the table with us and are being good boys so far . So I don't have a problem issuing them a EnronOnline journalist ID to view your prices . Thanks for the cooperation . Andy
1) . Hickerson does not have any products up yet . I need to find out from Bridges where we are with Cargill . He has been in meetings all morning , I will revert when I know . 2) . To be honest I think we are nowhere with Dow , but I have left that to Berberian . I haven't heard a peep from anyone on this . I will find out . 3) . I think it is 50/50 on GM . They clearly are interested , but are not very clear on what they are trying to accomplish . They do want to make markets . I think our best bet is an EOL product hosting deal , but their internal process will be excruciating . Next step is they will meet with alan Engberg to discuss listing 7 to 8 petchems on EOL . 4) . I have not been moving forward on service level contract because I do not think it really adds any value at the present time . 5) . I do think we should seriously consider the case for charging an access fee to EOL . This should not be viewed as a commission . 6) . I spoke with Vin Viola of NYMEX and he is interested in pursuing this idea of clearer as credit sleeve for locals . He is tough to pin down and negotiate with but we will run this down by end of next week . 7) . Re:kiodex , it is coming slowly as we have a lot of things on the development/testing schedule right now . 8) . As you know we are in receipt of the ICE API . We have not been able to do much work on it given 7) .
I did confirm that Dow is now an asset deal with no interest by Dow in ENW products . I think we should look at what everyone else charges per commodity ( i.e . ICE ) and think about tsomething that is at least 50% of that . and it shuold be labelled an access or system maintenance fee . A bit of good news: NGPL has confirmed that they would like to do a 2yr product hosting deal on EnronOnline . $150K initial startup plus $100K per year and $25 per transaction . So total value not including per transaction is $350K . I think they get 5 products , but Forster knows the details . It's a start and the crew here is pretty pumped . I'm trying to get a lieutenant of Viol'a to work with but it is hard . Patience . Let's meet on Monday to talk about what we were going to do on Friday . I am in the office picking up some Stro's tix . It sure is quiet for a Saturday...creepy .
Congratulations !  Now let's focus on closing the deal and getting someone else signed up . Well done all .
huh ? 
1) . Reuters will give us 75% of all subscription revenue , which is how the product is sold . This is on a monthly or yearly basis . phone: 281-437-3307 pager: 713-833-0736 good luck .
Let's you and I get together for lunch today , and do the same with Brad tomorrow .
I will be participating by videocon .
This is where we are with banks for fx product hosting on EOL .
please put greg piper , phillipe bibi , and greg whalley on distribtuion list . Thanks
I have had you added to distribution list .
Sounds kind of vague to me . I think we should stick to known publications who we think add value .
In case you guys didn't have a copy .
done .
have we heard back ? 
Sorry for the delay in getting back to you , but you know how things are . I have tried to get someone in the NPC to talk to me but to no avail . I will keep trying but don't hold out much chance.. . A big Mazel Tov on the engagement !  Married life is the way to go . I heard about Sonny . Oh well...i didn't really know him that well so i can't say if that was a loss or not . I heard Alex is now with Allegheny Power , although I assume that is in NYC not Hagerstown , MD . Take care and give me a call...(713 ) 853 6994
This looks fine . Please distribute to Accenture . Thanks ,
open up attached word doc . that should cover it . thanks .
would you like me to fill it out and return it to you ? 
sorry for the delay I will have my check tomorrow .
John , We are sending our bid and offer prices to Reuters for most US Gas & Power products , as well as European Gas and Power , Crude and Refined products , Bandwidth , Coal , Emissions , Weather and Sea Freight . We will receive 75% of all revenue Reuters collects from subscriptions to EnronOnline quotes . It is an evergreen 1 yr contract with mutual termination rights upon 90 days prior notice . We are under no obligations to provide levels of service . Revenue expectations: Reuters will charge , initially , $150/month/desktop . They have 5,000 Energy desktops worldwide . With a more realistic assumption of 50% penetration the yield to Enron would be $3,375,000 p.a . This revenue does not include the incremental benefits , in our view , of branding and standardization of our product and liquidity in the marketplace . In the future I could see us adding a transactable API to the product through Reuters , which would enhance the ease of transaction by Reuters users . If you have any more questions give me a call or drop me a line .
Can I get a Reuters screen as well ? 
I met with Jeff Sprecher of the Intercontinental Exchange for almost an hour and a half and thought it would be a good idea to bring you up to speed on where they are heading . 1) . We now have the complete API to them , but it is hooked up to their test environment . They will be sending us a contract to sign before they connect it to their production site . He assured me it will be the same contract that all the founders have to sign to get access to it . Esentially , if we trade or provide prices the API will be free; if we are voyeurs then we will have to pay for it . 2) . He stated that charging commssion is not a denfensible business model . They will try to make their money through mid and back office services . 3) . Their purchase of the IPE is directly related to implementing 2) . his vision is to use the IPE infrastrucutre to make all derivative trades cleared and then use the FCM's to fulfill the back office movemment of funds tasks . In a nutshell he beleives the FCM's are all interconnected and used to moving money around for settlements and margins through the clearinghouse , so why not expand their role . 4) . When I expressed some skepticism about 3) . he asked if we would like to participate in a forum with other ICE members to discuss shared mid and back ofice services . I told him we would . If anyone has any questions about this let me know .
please.. .
Next steps are he gets me a contract for the API , and lets me know when they are meeting on mid and back .
Let's table this for now . Too much going on . On another note: Where do we stand with TFS ? 
Heard you had ended up at Allegheny . In NYC or Hagerstown MD ?  Drop me a line , I want to discuss something with you . Hope all is well . Andy
The propoer contact at Enron for you is Jay Webb . He can be reached at jay.webb@enron.com . I will foward this to him . Good Luck , Andy Zipper
Over to you .
I need this deal closed by month end .
why are we bothering with LOC , I thought we had moved past that ? 
Why wouldn't we use the deal bench auction platform ?  This provides for open auctions with participants changing their bids in real time , no ? 
Not enough of a background in finance . Thanks and keep trying .
Stewart , It is my strong belief that Kiodex will be most successful in marketing to Fortune 500 corporations . These companies have extremely large portfolios of derivative products to hedge various financial risks but do not view running a risk management system internally as core . I am interested in your thoughts , and how , if you agree , we can influence the company in this direction . Andy Zipper Enron Networks
Batten down the hatch's and get ready for young Scott's first experience with Tropical Storms !  Here comes Allison !  On another note we went live with TQ yesterday . Unbelievable huh...We did one trade with Tuscon Elec . the first day and today we did three , all with PG&E , who happen to own 40% of TQ . Pretty lame . On a good note , we hit a record today with BrokerClient , 53 trades . 46 power and 7 gas , which is nicely diversifying . Other interesting note: We launched Reuters on Monday and the NYMEX wants to put it up on one of their huge wallboards . They would buy a block of desktops to cover it . Bad news is that , John Arnold , my new boss in approx 25 days , with some justification thinks this is a bad idea . He will lose the ability to arb the floor against the OTC . My view is that this will go away anyway as eNymex and ICEX do the same thing . What are your thoughts ?  Hope all is well Andy
Please check with me prior to traveling to conferences . Thanks
my work phone is 713 853 6994
I think this guy would be a good fit for RAC . Send the resume to them .
FYI
I've asked Bob to be the business side representative to work with Operations and IT in getting the Kiodex project off the ground . In addition he will be pursuing the channel partner opportunities with them regarding Product and Environment hosting services . On the sales channnel effort he will work closely with Dave Forster .
looks good . what are vector's major receipt and delivery points ? 
Claudio , I am still in the process of setting up what we are going to look at and how , but it will very definitely be options focused . I think the three major drivers we will care about will be Gas , Power , and weather . I am particularly interested in the relationship of how gas and power prices react with weather . One trade I am interested in is gas daily options that knock-in based on an observed temperature for the particular delivery point . What are your views and what would you focus on if you were me ?  Thanks Andy
jeff said he does not have access to trade emissions allowances . if he indeed does not , please turn him on for those . if he does , let me know . thanks .
I understand; however my request stands . I would like a heads up whenever you are planning a trip like this , it is the same I ask of all my direct reports . Thanks
John , On the first note: OK , thanks . On the second , I would like the senior person on each team ( and they know who they are ) to figure how to divvy up the tasks based upon their teams relative skills . You guys need to figure it out , with my help . Right now we are a little heavily staffed for what we are doing and I am trying to find ways to cope with that . This is one . Your cooperation is appreciated . Thanks ,
I realize that traveling to see a client is part of our job . I would just ask that we try to spend those expense dollars as efficiently and conscientiously as possible . Thanks ,
Mike's thoughts on subject.. .
What is , exactly , the state of play here ?  I nothing else happens , on Monday does the product go up on the wallboard ?  Has Eddie quoted on px to the Merc ?  I need to have my facts straight when this becomes a pissing match between Whalley , Arnold and Lavorato .
Thanks , are we talking to GreatLakes pipepline as well ? 
do we have a contract in front of them yet ? 
Harry's comments . He has a valid point on the volumetric suspension issue....i think he will launch the product but ask us to put this in the development queue .
Greg and Philippe Having listened to the DealBench presentation at our offsite and after discussing with Jay , I would like to propose the following with respect to DealBench and EnronOnline: 1) . The most valuable pieces of business functionality DealBench has are the data rooms and auctions . The first might have some going concern value , but probably not much , as IntraLinks , the king , only generates $10MM in revs per year . The second , auctions , while of value will probably be given away by competitors to get other business . 2) . The technology as a whole is not severable right now , and probably not ready for prime time . Thus the chances of getting a bid for it as IPR that is above the costs of doing a deal is minimal . We have some knowledge of this from our Offline experiences . Recommendation: EnronOnline's auction functionality is very thin . DealBench's has a lot of good business logic built into it . While the code might not be up to our standards , it would be of value to integrate it into the EnronOnline platform . This way we take advantage of the superior EnronOnline brand and not reinvent the wheel as far as business logic is concerned . There will be some development needed to integrate and rewrite the DealBench auctions piece to accommodate the single EnronOnline login , as well as change the look and feel to an EnronOnline one , but this should be well worth it . It is my STRONG belief that there is an untapped market for energy and commodity based auctions that EnronOnline should OWN . As a part of this move we should re-deploy DealBench's auction marketing force to attack this space , which furthers the general commercial goals of ENE , as opposed to something that now is fringe at best . Thanks ,
Yes , but the other shoe is that we should shut down the rest of DealBench . If not , we will need to make large costly changes to the infrastructure to keep it going .
I talked with Greg and he and bibi are for it . Start the process with Guadaramma but keep it close to the vest as it is not official with the DealBench folks .
thanks .
Wasn't me .
Do we want to make this official ? 
Give Raj a call .
I do not want my name in the article . Please use Greg Piper's or Phillipe Bibi's . Thanks
Thanks for the note . Awaiting your review and response . Andy Zipper
Kenny , Peggy , Mike , We would definitely like to get this finished by end of June . We can move as fast as you need us to . Ideally I would like both sides to get together early next to hash out any differences . How does this work for you guys ?  Thanks
My pleasure .
Claudio , I agree with you . The first bullet point will be easier to implement . Generally I have found that there is sufficient divergence of opinions amongst wholesale players that you can get positions on that you want . My goal would be to fulfill the function of both bullet points . I think there are pockets of risk management of complex relationships around the firm , but no group dedicated to it . Clearly we will need quantitative rigor to serve those functions . questions: I am familiar with Quantos from my banking days , where a USD interest rate option pays off in a non USD currency at a fixed exchange rate . What is the specific structure of the options you are looking at . Regards , Andy
You're right he does look good . I am very interested . Can you set up a phone interview , and if that goes well bring him down for rounds .
When you get a chance can you gice me a call re: the above and Natsource . I'm around most of tomrrow so any old time is fine with me . Thanks Andy
thanks .
I agree . The whole thing is a sham .
FYI
any help you can give us would be appreciated . thanks .
Thank you .
Stewart , I base my opinion on 15 years trading and marketing risk management products to corporations . When I was at Bankers Trust , every corporation we dealt with would ask after completing a deal "can you tell us where we can get a cheap off-the-shelf system that we can use to manage these things ?  " The problem KioDex has is exactly what you describe: with companies that where trading of derivative products is core to their mission , the third party ASP model is an extremely difficult one to sell . There are all the obvious reasons: security , reliability , continuity etc.. . What Kiodex needs to focus on , in my opinion , is the intersection of customers who need the product but don't view the function as critical to their operation . For what it is worth . Andy
I agree completely . We are the delivery vehicle for Kiodex .
In Germany , Berlin's minister for culture Adrienne Goehler called the World Trade Center twin 110-story towers destroyed by the hijackers ``phallic symbols.'' The comment brought calls for her resignation , but also an explanation from Goehler . ``In the context of my statement that the 'attacks were aimed symbolically at the heart of America,' I also made the comment that the towers are ``phallic symbols,''' she said . ``It was an answer to the question 'What sort of symbolic images did it remind me of?'''
Liz , Greg was interested in where to make contributions in the wake of Johnathan's death . He worked with eSpeed . Below is the information he requested . Andy Johnathan Uman Celebration of Jonathan J . Uman's Life Thursday , Sept . 20 11:00am 3 Elliot Lane Westport , CT Casual service . In lieu of flowers: Foundation set up by family: Jonathan J . Uman Foundation P.O . Box 106 Westport , CT 06881
Don't know if you saw it , but your friend and mine Paul Addis is leaving AEP to "pursue other interests" .
I think it relates to Paul not getting the top job in their soon to be spun off unregulated unit . That job went to some guy named Shockley who Eric Vanderwald will report to . Their press release makes for fun reading .
sure . what time ? 
i asked ina rangel to send it to you .
how about 3:15 in front of plaza java ? 
Liz , How did you end up with Robert Jones on this ?  Andy
close: 2.77 reset swap px: 2.70 resets to: 3.10 reset trigger: 3.15 close: 3.00 reset swap px: 2.90 resets to 3.35 reset trigger: 3.35 The mechanics of the swap are as follows: It is a normal swap at the reset swap price unless a particular reference month settles at or above the reset trigger . In that case that month and only that month's reference price resets to the new price as specified in "resets to." all other months remain unaffected until they settle and we go through the same process all over again . Let me know if you have questions .
Month Vol
Does Carol have a sister named Mimi , who is married to a guy named Steve Houston ?  There is a guy I work with here who is this guy's ( Houston ) best friend , and the woman he is married to sounded like Carol's sister . I know it sounds complicated.... . Hope you are faring okay with the recent events . Andy
We are having a block party sunday Oct 28 . come on by... . hope all is well with you and the fam .
wow .
guys can you book the following interbook trades . buys 11 lot Apr/Oct03 strip Counterpart is NG-X-OPT-JV Thanks .
what do you mean ? 
FYI
Please remove me from mailing list . Thanks .
I think it's spelled Gaetien and I would like to see those guys , so count me in if it happens .
Mike is back at his desk this morning .
I will attend .
Can you send me a current Ercot vol sheet.. . Thanks ,
Thanks for that , any luck on anything in '03 ? 
I would be a 4.75 bid for 3 pieces ( 150Mwh): summer ( Jul/Aug03 ) $50 daily Ercot calls .
also interested in cy03 one timers for Ercot .
where are they ? 
Ina , any chance of my getting an unreserved spot in the new garage ?  Andy
Ina , Any chance of my getting an unreserved spot in new garage ?  Andy
The men were recognized "for the achievement of Bose-Einstein condensation in dilute gases of alkali atoms , and for early fundamental studies of the properties of the condensates," the academy said .
Errol , could you please put the apr/Oct Eol trades I did today into the JV book . Thanks
Ina , When was this , or was it ever , supposed to be deposited into my account ?  I haven't seen any sign of it . Andy
I will be out after 1:00 today . How about tomorow ? 
I don't really know other than he was out for some family time . It's going okay , trying to not give back too much in this chop around rally .
some spreads
am on vacation . sorry otherwise i would do it .
kori , on the trades you sent me , I bot the marchs and sold the dec's and feb's
i straightened it out with him . it was my bad .
yes
Errol I bot 4,000/d of Apr/Oct 02 @ 2.93 . Please put this in the same book as the digital , it is meant to hedge it . I don't want to see the pos roll through the NG-X-OPT position summary .
Month Vol Steve , be advised we had a BIG rally today in Jan Feb Mar vols , almost 3 % .
Screaming Japanese Schoolgirls Overturn Greenspan's Bus TOKYO- Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan described himself as "shaken but all right" Monday following an incident in which several thousand excited young Japanese fans mobbed and tipped over his tour bus after a speech at the Tokyo Dome . "Mr . Greenspan is at the height of his popularity in Japan right now," said Martine Engers , a publicist for the chairman , who is currently in the midst of a 41-city world tour . "And I guess we simply weren't prepared for this level of fan hysteria." Before military police restored order , thousands of frantically speculating youths drove the Nikkei average past 16,000 .
The world is short and covering . PIRA today issued bullish comments . don't know whee we go from here . Vol got bid up in winter huge today .
Small issue but annoying: If try to modify a plo by going to the line and getting the +/- box in the row with the order there is no way to change your mind and not modify without two error messages getting generated . i.e . if you decide to leave the price unchanged and hit "set" it generates the error messages , there is no other way to get out of the window though , no x box to close it . Hope all is well otherwise , Andy
I don't know , but I will go .
The Astro's are just plain awful in the post season . They hit hit hit in the regular tand then crawl into their holes in Sept . Look for Larry Dirker to be canned pretty quickly . Those Lion's look pretty sharp too.... . Take care , best to the everyone up north
any luck ? 
Okay .
i did a apr/oct 02 vs apr/oct 03 options trade with Mike today . Please put that in my book not Justin's .
I bot 2500/d apr/oct online @2.835 put those in my book not justin's .
so you dont like my vol swap bid ? ? ?
It was a good service . Very sad . Jonathan's family is doing well I am told .
howard did not attend .
I bot 1,000/d apr/oct @ 2.91 . please put in my book not justin's . thanks .
What a game . I'm psyched . Derek Jeter has to be one of the all time greats at his position .
Congratulations to all for your hard work ! 
It is in Wisconsin Power and Light service territory... .
no prob... .
I don't know whom you are referring to . do you mean the fundy's group ? 
"Attention Taliban ! You are condemned . Did you know that ? The instant the terrorists you support took over our planes , you sentenced yourselves to death . The Armed Forces of the United States are here to seek justice for our dead . Highly trained soldiers are coming to shut down once and for all Osama bin Laden's ring of terrorism , and the Taliban that supports them and their actions . "Our forces are armed with state of the art military equipment . What are you using , obsolete and ineffective weaponry ? Our helicopters will rain fire down upon your camps before you detect them on your radar . Our bombs are so accurate we can drop them right through your windows . Our infantry is trained for any climate and terrain on earth . United States soldiers fire with superior marksmanship and are armed with superior weapons . "You have only one choice . . . Surrender now and we will give you a second chance . We will let you live . If you surrender no harm will come to you . When you decide to surrender , approach United States forces with your hands in the air . Sling your weapon across your back muzzle towards the ground . Remove your magazine and expel any rounds . Doing this is your only chance of survival."
I am attending the Bonanza Pilot Proficiency Program ( BPPP ) clinic at Adams Field in Little Rock . This is the big airport in Little Rock . The clinic will be run at Central Flying Service , phone number there is 800-888-5387 . If you need to speak with someone from the clinic ask for Kathy Tatalovich who is the administrator . I will be staying at the Embassy Suites by the airport . I don't have the nuber now but I will call you with it . I'll call you from the road . Love you and the kids mucho ,
That would be great .
i bot 1,000/d at 3.175 apr/oct02 . put it against the digital in gas-x . thanks
let me know when you want to talk... .
sure
After some preliminary analysis , it does not look like our big counterparties i.e . Dynegy , Rliant , Duke , El Paso etc. , are closing down their positions . On the contrary their net positions seem to be rising . This is only for NYMEX related financial instruments , I haven't looked at phys or power yet . Just thought you would like to know .
to be honest this looks a little to convoluted to me . a nov/mar peiod for weather versus a jan-feb-mar basis ?  I pass on this .
Congratulations on the new job !  Good luck , Andy
Don't know about the AGA....Seems to be that we are having harder and harder tme as an industry getting it right . I flew to little rock last weekend for a BPPP bonanza school and had a really cool instructor who was a retired colonel in USAF and F4 pilot . Lots of good stories . Beautiful weeknd for flying . Saw Jack Hirsch but didn't ask him about his club's bonanza.. . How is yor flying going ? 
It has the hO numbers but not the Cl numbers .
Jay , Thanks for the help . Andy
I sold 2,000/d of apr/oct @ 3.19 , and 2,000/d @ 3.18 . Please put these in the ng-opt book , not the jv book . Thanks
I get a smattering of actual , I tool the family down to corpus to the beach two weekends ago , and half the flight was in and out of the clouds . Having a good auto-pilot and stormscope makes a diference , but stormscopes can be tricky to use unless you have a lot of exprience . The trick is never to put them on a setting of less than their maximum range or they never show you anything until it is too late . I have the stormscope feeding through the Garmin 530 . Keep flying .
Hi !  thanks for message . I will try to call you on cell phone . Love you mucho ,
I got this from ICE . Thought you should have a look at it .
I hear Shell... .
I bot JV02 ,  5000/d @ 3.25 . Please put in the JV book , not mine .
who did you hear that from. .
This is a very tough time . I honestly don't know what the hell is going on . I will let you know . Thanks , Andy
cheers .
We ended up scratching this trade , so make sure that both legs end up in same book .
FYI he is getting married in Trinidad.. .
Have not called doctor , but will soon . Love you siempre ,
Given the fact that we still have a significant number of transactions that are not captured on EOL , my answer would be thanks but no thanks .
I dont' know and I don't know .
Bruce Peterson at Korn Ferry International . He runs the energy practice out of Houston . They are located in houston , but I don't have his phone number . Information should have it . He is a good guy and very well connected .
Arkansas joke: Guy is driving down a rural road in Arkansas . Cop pulls him over and asks , "got any ID" ?  Guy replies: "'bout what" ?  nother one: The toothbrush must have been invented in Arkansas . Otherwise it would have been called the "teethbrush" . 
love to . lets talk today .
has ng not cl .
I sold 2500/d of Nov2/Mar3 @ 3.495 to hedge the above book . can you please put it in that book . Thanks .
PLEASE STOP REPLYING TO ALL USERS
i sold 1,000/d of apr/oct @ 3.02 for GD-Y-Gas Daily book . please put in that book . Thanks .
Two things: 1) . The below trade did not go into the GD-Y-Gas Daily book , please move it into the corect book . 2) . I bot a Nov16-30 TZ6 gas daily swap from Vladi Pimenov @ 3.75 for 10,000/d . did this go into my position , and what book did it go into ?  Thanks
thnk u nothing for now
do u have msn instant messenger ? 
I'm ok . Things are pretty bleak . I don't know what is going to happen . Asking myself some serious questions about my career .
I think Enron and my career are finished .
John , Thanks for the note . Yeah things look pretty lousy here at the big E . From first to worst in 4 easy weeks . The untold story is how much money the gas and power trading folks have made that some weenies in three piece in suits in Corp pissed away . Looks like we are going to be bought by Dynegy . Hang in there with ONE . I am agitating for a Christmas visit to Mich by us , so hope to see you then . Keep on it , Andy
congrat's Raj: I'm gratified to see that the corportae customers we talked about are finding value in the product and service .
Thought you guys would find this funny: TOP TEN USES FOR THE NEW ENE BLDG 1 . HEALTH CLUB 2 . LOFTS 3 . PUBLIC STORAGE 4 . HOTEL FOR SEC INVESTIGATION TEAM 5.SKY RING BAR AND BROTHEL 6 . SCRAP METAL 7.RETAIL CENTER 8 . MINIMUM SECURITY FEDERAL PRISON FOR EXECUTIVES 9.PROP IN NEXT HOLLYWOOD ACTION FLICK: IMPLOSION 10.PERMANENT REMINDER TO ALL INVESTORS: SELL WHEN THEY BUILD A MONUMENT TO SELF
Oy !  Let's talk later today if you have time . hope the family is doing well .
Can you believe it ?  cat sleeping with dogs... .
Greg , I know this has been a tough couple of weeks for you but I thought I would drop you a line and share my impressions: 1) . This deal is an ideal opportunity to merge back and mid office support platforms . We have discussed this many times and EnronNetworks was practically set up for this ( CommodityLogic et al... ) 2) . I don't know what you folks have in mind but I could see leaving ENE's market making and trading structure intact and having DYN's asset-based trading be just another business unit like EES was . but the key is the tremendous cost savings of the common support platform . I don't mean to be presumptuous but I hadn't talked to you in a while and wanted to get it off my chest . Good luck , Andy
There is a lot of confused bullshit floating around.... .
Mooney's are great planes and are very fast . I almost bought an MSE a few years ago , which subsequently was called the Allegro , then the Eagle . They are really well built with no incidents of inflight airframe failure ever . Drawbacks are they are quite small and there is a cloud over he comapny as it is in bankruptcy . The bankruptcy isue is around whether the supply of parts will be available going foward . They are probably being discounted which makes it a good buy . Idon't think the parts issue is a real one as someone will step in to take over the manufacturing .
Errol pleae make sure to put anything not mentioned by Justin into my book . Thanks .
what about crude straddles ? 
We should be watching this.. .
I can take this mission . Please advise . Andy Zipper
no problem . I just received my copy of the new policy with AIG and will send you proof .
Thanks Jeff . We'll let you know . Regards , Andy
Please give me a call at your convienence . Thanks , Andy Zipper
Jay , Have received comments that when multi day limit orders are placed , they are not alive after a friday night . I think this might have to do with orders getting wiped out duirng maintenance but I wanted to alert you to this .
FYI
got this from late friday . have you ever heard of him ? 
Thanks for the note . Let's talk real soon .
Jeff , Could you please give me a call regarding last weeks events . I would really appreciate it . Thanks . Andy
GLENDALE , CA- Rock guitarist Steve Vai wowed a group of neighborhood children with his spectacular guitar pyrotechnics Monday . "His behind-the-head guitar solo was so wicked," said Jimmy Hetzel , 11 , one of six children blown away by Vai's fretboard wizardry . "He also did this thing where he held the guitar between his legs and played it with a bow." The impromptu performance is believed to be the most impressive display of its kind since September 2000 , when Joe Satriani "showed off a few licks" at a Southfield , MI , bar mitzvah .
Let's do it.Sorry I didn't get the messages but lets's have dinner next tuesday if that works for you .
Monica , Things are a little bit unsettled right now . I am working on them and will have something shortly . Your patience is appreciated . Andy Zipper
Can I please get an NG run asap . Thanks .
Thanks , I think I am okay , but let's talk tonight .
Enron does not place NYMEX position limits on its desks instead using overall VAR limits . If a desk is authorized to trade a particular instrument , such as a NYMEX contract or swap , the size of that position is governed by the VAR it generates .
email @ home: aazccb@swbell.net
Call me when you get a chance @ 713 419-0203 or 713 666-9737
Spoke with Rick Stuckey who advised me that a group of seven of them will be arriving today . They would like to heave specific discussions regarding the Pro forma as well as EnronOnline technology starting monday morning . Rick also adivsed me that they are amending the original term sheet that they disucssed with Greg Saturday night . I will keep you posted .
Robert , Here are the two messages from "Jeff Lawson" and the response I got from Jeff Sprecher at the ICE regarding my complaint . I appreciate your handling this matter . Andy
I'm sorry , I did not get it . Thnigs have taken an interesting turn here , give me a call .
yes .
Eddie , Thanks for the note . This has been a very scary and tough time , but I'm hoping something good can come from it . We are trying very hard to sell the trading operation intact to several institutions . I'm sure you have read about it . After the suffering you and all the other people who live and work in the NYC financial district have gone through this year , this pales in comparision . We're all hangin' tough . Best wishes in this holiday season to and your family , your friend Andy
I received this , this morning . I know you are busy right now with other things but I would really like this thing to stop .
Dave , This is the interest rate curve we used to value our book as of Close of business Oct . 15 , 2001 . Our Treasury guys are either not available now or are not working anymore . So for getting the term structure of Enron's funding costs for 10/15/01 I probably can't deliver that today . I still think your money desks and corporate traders could give you a pretty realistic picture of that . I will keep trying though . Andy Zipper
Dave , I am being told that the books and records of Enron's trading units are on aggregate marked off of a cost of funds curve . I should have that curve to you first thing Monday morning . Sorry about the delay but it is hard to get certain things done in a timely fashion around here right now . Andy
i'm considering this terminated .
I would be happy to , and yes you may use my name .
Rick , I've been thinking about this . I think 18 mos . for the average tenor of a trade is way too high . For John Arnold's book it would on a prospective basis be more in line with 4 months . We would probably not make markets online on anything past 24 months for NYMEX gas and the vast majority of our trades are in the first three months . I think the same would probably be true for power , but I haven't spoken to those guys about it . For the NYMEX book gas I made the following assumptions: Average tenor: 5 months Average trades per day: 400 average volume per trade: 500,000 mmbtu With 252 trading days you and up with a gross unadjusted notional of $136bn . This is simply 400*252*500,000*$2.7 You then have to adjust down for the expiration of trades during the year . If the average life was 6 months you could halve the number above , which would be conservative given our 4 month assumption . That takes you down to $68.04bn ( $136bn/2) . The next adjustment would be to factor in netting for counterparties . You are trying to estimate the net open interest per countperparty . I am working on those numbers as I write this . It stands to reason that the net number for NYMEX Gas deals would be less than $70bn . When you factor in other gas trades and power the number would rise and I will look at that . As a basic method , does this start to get you to where you need to be ?  Andy
Ted , Try these guys . George is excellent . I don't know much about Balal . Hope all is going well for you and your bride . I know I owe you a phone call , and I will pay the debt soon . Best , Andy
Will do , brother .
no problem . good luck .
no thank you .
Mari , I will be out Monday thru Wednesday . I will be in from 10:00am Thrus thru Friday . My cell is ( 713 ) 419 0203 . I will be reachable @ ( 313 ) 881 1166 through Wednesday . Happy Holidays , Andy Zipper
Happy Holidays , Andy
Happy Holidays , Andy
See you soon . Will do on the duds .
Sorry to see the absorption of TQ by APB . I suppose it is all for the best . Hope that you guys come out of it allright . The irony is that TQ outlived Enron !  Haven't spoken to you in a awhile and hope that all is well with you and your family . Call me when you get a chance to catch up . Best Regards for the Holiday Season , Andy Zipper
I got it , whatever it was .
who are you ? 
Thanks !  Have a safe and happy New Year . Andy
Let me check on it and get back to you . I had mine done in Houston , but I can probably recommend someone . Happy New Year , Andy
A friend who works in New York asked if I could recommend an attorney who does Will/Estate preparation . Do you have any recommendations ?  Thanks , Andy p.s . Happy New Year !  !
The Lions win !  The Lions win !  Break up the Lions... . Andy
Thanks .
I asked Steve and here is what he sent me .
wow , three weeks away from the kids !  brave and lucky man . life is very edgy here waiting for this stupid auction to happen . i don't really know what things will look like after even if we do get a bidder who wants to go foward . stay tuned . have a good time in oz .
George Bush , minister of the double negative: "Not over my dead body" will they raise your taxes . Does that mean yes to tax increases as long as he is alive ? 
Tomorrow ? 
tuesday's generally not good , how about next wednesday ? 
I sent you a document last night . Did you get it ? 
Either Monday or Tuesday works for me . Sure on the bond guy . His name is Bob Warner . He is with Commerce Capital Markets , the broker sub of Commerce Bank , a big New Jersey Regional . His number is ( 732 ) 505-2919 . He is located in Toms River NJ . I will call him if you would like and tell him you are coming his way . Let me know , Andy
I think I have to take my son to the doctor @ noon . Any way we can do Tuesday ? 
Work for me .
Hate to pile on but I think KM is circling the drain here . I told your mom a couple of weeks ago that there is high probablility they file chpt 11 by end of first quarter . Get out while you can . Hope boarding went well for you and you didn't break anything . Andy
no problem . they seem okay so far .
Dave , Mike mentioned that he was going to speaking to you in regards to the estate . Just wanted to let you know that I have a very high opinion of him . He is extremely sharp and is one of the more capable traders I've dealt with in non-trading commercial situations . When he worked for me at EnronOnline I always viewed him one of my best folks . Do what you will with this unsolicited opinion , but I thought it best if I let you know . Regards , Andy
I sent Dave a note . I will foward your name to Lavo , re:NETCO/UBS . Let me know what happens . Andy
i don't really know yet...check back with me in a weeks time .
well done .
I'm okay . How are you ? 
Eddie , Thanks for the note . This morning I signed my contract with UBS , so I am here for another year . After that I will be wanting to move the family back to the NYC area . If you hear of anyone interested in someone where my skills would be a fit , let me know . Otherwise things are going okay and we hope to start trading again by mid feb . Hope all is well with you and your family . I'll let you know next time I am in NYC . Give me a call when you get a chance and thanks again for the support . I hope you know I would do the same for you . Andy
I keep getting asked for a username,password and domain name . What do I put in these fields to get access ? 
Why is Mr . Frank Alexander interested intalking to me ?  Furthermore who is he ? 
I would like to see what VaR is thrown off by a series of trades . Can you run the following strategies throught he Var model and let me know what the results are . 2) . 500,000 mmbtu per month of an Apr02/Oct02 NYMEX straddle , Strike: 2.30 vol: 48% 4) . 500,000 mmbtu of a Mar NYMEX swap 5 ) 500,000 mmbtu of a Apr/Oct02 NYMEX swap 6) . 5,000 mmbtu/d of a cal03 NYMEX swap 7) . Same for Nov02/Mar03 8) . Short 500,000mmbtu Mar02 vs . long 80,000 mmbtu per month of Apr/Oct02 9) . short 500,000 mmbtu of Feb Gas Daily swap and long 500,000 mmbtu Mar Nymex swap 10).short 500,000mmbtu of Feb gas daily straddle , and long 500,000 mmbtu of Mar NYMEX Straddle If any of the foward prices or vols in the system differ from what I have given you use what is in the system . I would also be interested in what the UBS model spits out for these if available . Any questions give me a call . Thanks , Andy
Please remove me from your contact list . Thank You .
Still does not work .
I can get in but I have no access to gas messageboard . Can you please fix . Thanks
Earthsat requires a password for enron , what is it ? 
andy zipper john lavorato dutch quigley larry may mike maggi
This looks good . what were the system vols and when can you get me the rest ? 
I've seen it before . It is Hong Kong Airport and the guy kicked out the crab at the last possible second . He was seconds from riping the gear off .
Who and why ? 
huh ? 
thanks . good luck .
I don't know if Bob hillier talked to you yet , but I need Stack and Option manager set up on a stand alone machine . I am moving to the power options group as of tomorrow . My cell is 713 419 0203 . Call with questions .
Jay that makes sense and is the right solution , however I floated it by Rob Benson and Dana Davis and they felt that having to have another product up on the ir screen would but just TOO much . Go figure . So they agreed to let me auto hedge to the base product and 5 min qty 5 increment works for me so we will run with that for the meantime . The non web visible route is my back up . I'll let you know how it goes . Thanks Andy
I will be running the power options desk with UBS . I will still be trading gas though . how about you ? 
Valerie , FYI - from Robert Poole at Greeley Gas . Robert: Maybe we can get together later this week to see if we can figure out the difference for August . Let me know . Thanks , Theresa
Bob , I'll pick San Diego as my winner . Where do I send a check to ?  and what address ? Theresa Staab
Ruth , I'll send this spreadsheet as I update it . Talk to you soon . ( I'm set up to come next Thursday with the boys) . Theresa
Bob , I'll take Oakland as my winner this week . I gave Lucci my $20 . Theresa Staab
Kelly , I'm gonna be early this week.(for once ) I'll take Dallas as my loser this week . Talk to you later . Theresa
FYI Lisa Finley just called me to let me know that Devon Operators need to take Beaver Creek down tomorrow for 8 hours . They apologize for the short notice , but said if they don't fix the cooler now it will bring the whole system down soon . We will be short by about 6,500 on the 005 contract for Gas Day 4 and I guess we'll have to work at paying it back . That's all I have to say . ....about that . Theresa
What's your idea ?
Let me consult my partner and get back with you in the morning .
Okay mister....Team Chick hasn't been in the SuperBowl every year for no reason . We have always stuck with our original team unless there were injuries so this trading thing is something we have to be sure about . I think we're in a pretty good position so far this year so don't rush us . We'll let you know in the morning if we are interested or not . And by the way - where's our $60???? ?
I didn't mean to get you so bent out of shape . I'll bug Holloway and let you know what he says . I do have to wait until Nicole calls me back to see who she wants to trade for . If she calls me yet today , I'll let you know .
The team mate says were not interested at this point . But thank you for the offer .
I haven't seen it yet . I know he's working on it . As soon as I get it - I'll forward it to you . Theresa
I'll give him 10.00 . Thanks . ( You could have had a free lunch on us) . Theresa I hope he liked it .
Hello All , The final payment of 1,937200 is in Sitara on Ticket #1087272 . I understand we will draft this for September and Jim Pond will re-classify since we've already manually paid . Let me know if you see any problems with this . Thanks . Theresa
Chris , I left you a voice mail also , but I wanted to let you know I do know about these transactions . Please give me a call . Thanks Theresa
Thanks Laurie . We have this on our "To Do" list but we just haven't gotten to it yet . I will add this to the folder and let you know when we get into it . Theresa
Ruth , The market drove us back for the weekend . Have a good weekend . Theresa
Robert , I'm working on this right now . What do you show as the storage schedule ? I have 2 different ones . I know you changed it . I just want to make sure we're both on the same schedule . I'll just make sure my volumes on storage match with the schedule and then I can send them all to you . Thanks , Theresa
Lisa , For Gas Day 9 please deliver 3,000 MMBtu into Northern Gas to GID #32 . This would make the deliveries to Lost Creek 17,000 on original purchase and 1850 additional . Please call me if you have any questions . Thanks , Theresa
Ladies , I am finished with July 01 and everything ties . Can you tell me who would handle the Enserco and Millenium sales ? Laurie I know you do the Retex sale . Our numbers are correct in the system now . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Theresa
I received my calling card and will stop using the AT&T Card . Thanks , Theresa Staab
Darla , I didn't print my message to you and it's not in my sent box - would you mind forwarding back a copy of my message to you ? Thanks , Theresa
Lisa - For Gas Day 10 please send 4,000 into Northern Gas to GID #32 . The difference of 17850 will flow into Lost Creek . If you have any questions , Please call me , Thanks , Theresa Staab
I liked your flag . I forwarded to a bunch of people and we all have it on our computers here . That calendar was enough to put me on a diet . Yuck . You'll have to forward that home for dad to see .
Here's your Gas Daily pricing . We'll see you tomorrow ! ( Wish me luck driving for so long with Lucci ) Theresa
Bob , I'll take Denver to Win .
I would like to be on the list if possible . At least then one person in Denver would be able to get in . Thanks , Theresa
Valerie , I should have Greeley on Monday for August . Robert Poole at Greeley is still reviewing all prior months to see where we have differences and what is causing it . I'll talk to you on Monday . Theresa
Ruth , We made it back safely ( about 1:00) . Thank you again for the evening...we had a great time ! It was great to finally meet you . I guess the next time I'll see you is for Superbowl . Talk to you soon , Theresa
The price for the sale back to you for fuel in September is 1.2497 ( Avg . Gas Daily purchases )
ENA bids CIG Gas Daily +.03 for fuel in November . Theresa
Megan , We only bought this on KN for the 30th . I think it should be fixed now . Let me know if it doesn't go away . Thanks for keeping your eyes out there on our stuff! . Theresa
Valerie , I just wanted to let you know Logistics is working on actualizing a few days in September to correct the volumes allocated to each specific Greeley deal . Jackie Adams is trying to get this done today . The numbers in my spreadsheet by deal ( bucket ) are correct and we are waiting for the corrections in the system . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Theresa
Genaro , We have fixed the pricing in our system . Please re-draft and let me know if there are further discrepancies . Thanks , Theresa
Megan , I'm not sure why this is showing up.....I think it must have something to do with the name change from Enron Midstream to Crestone... . Let me pull out my Oct 00 file and see what invoice # we finalized then because I'm pretty sure they paid us . I'll try and get to this later today . Thanks , Theresa
CIG Contacts for Enron: Jackie Adams Shelly Mendel: Susan Scott Let me know if you need further information . Theresa Staab
Here it is again in case you didn't receive it . Call me if you have any questions . Thanks , Theresa
Hi Carole , The Kennedy deal is effective December 1 , 2001 . Paul Lucci said we're gonna need to all get together before we enter the deals . He did not say when that would be . I would assume this week sometime . Thanks . Theresa
Gloria and Megan , here is the Crestone Gathering Service and Fuel Sale for September 2001 . ( Megan - Do you finalize the Fuel Sale to Crestone ? ( I'm having a brain freeze today and I can't remember). ) Call me if you have any questions . Theresa
Crestone should not be charging us for UA/4 ( Unaccounted for) . Our IT-002 contract is "all inclusive" which means no fuel or UA/4 . Walt and Scott will be fixing our statement and our # in the system is correct . We will forward it to you as soon as we get it . Theresa
Please call me if you have any questions . Thanks , Theresa
Valerie , The prices look fine in Sitara . I cannot figure out where these prices are coming from . Do you know who we could contact regarding the input of these prices into Sitara ? ( IF CIG and CIG GD ) Theresa
I'm glad . I'm very sorry about that mix up . Thank goodness we only have one more month of this deal and it expires . We did not re-new it . Talk to you later , Theresa
Gloria , Amy Felling here is working on current month and I'll continue on prior month variances . We'll let you know the status of current month by tomorrow afternoon . Thanks , Theresa
Carole , We have a conference call at 11:10 your time ( ten minutes) . As soon as we are done - we'll give you a call . Thanks , Theresa
Mom , That's sounds fine to me . Would they go horse back riding that day or a different day ? Where they live will there be things for the kids to do ? It sounds like they have a lot of kids around so there should be things for them to do . I talked to Jan this morning about a bigger cabin and the 10 person one is the biggest one . She called and reserved another 4 person one for $100 . I'm gonna call Tim and let him know that he and Dawn can have that one . I'll call you at work too because I'm never sure if you get these e-mails from me . Theresa
Ladies , Here's the revised September purchase . Thank you Cheryl for bringing this to my attention ! Sorry about the mix-up . Thanks , Theresa
Alan , I'm not sure that our purchase is equivalent to the $1.55 purchase but I assumed you received an e-mail from Amy Felling in our office . Here's the September purchase for September . Let me know if you have further questions . Thanks , Theresa
Real Funny !
Was our purchase tied to this wire your accounting group received ?
This new counterparty is the old "KN Gas Services" counterparty . They just changed their name A contact would be Lori Leyda at ( 303 ) 914-4914 Thanks . Theresa
The only thing I'd like to add is the Quantum purchase for November is 1,000 Mcf not MMBtu . We are showing a 967 btu factor so it would be 967 MMBtu at the wellhead less fuel . Any additional gas would be under imbalance between Crestone and Quantum . Thanks . Theresa
My husband Jeff and I are planning on attending . Do you know if we are getting any special rates at any hotels downtown for that night ? Let me know . Thanks , Theresa Staab
That was quick! . You can bring it to work and we could meet for lunch one day . Let me know which day is good for you . Thanks , Theresa
Barry , The phone system seems to be down , so I'm e-mailing you to let you know that I've gone home for the day . I will bring the pillow back tomorrow and get with you then . Thanks , Theresa
Heidi , Since I have yet to use the gym this year - I think I'll finally get smart and q uit paying for it . Count me out for this round . Theresa
Gloria , Thanks for the heads up on 9/01 . I'm printing the report right now and I'll get with Amy tomorrow ( she's out today) . If you would like to look at August that would be fine - I would just like to stress that changing any receipts will affect our purchases and likewise with our deliveries . If you could define the differences first then maybe I can lead you to where the issues are . How does that sound ? I also think by doing this it will get you familiar with this pipeline and maybe in the future you could take this part over . It's just very confusing at first . Let me know ,  Theresa
I'm sending the invoice/statement via e-mail . Let me know if you can't open it . The Crestone OBA Imbalance is the summary we started on showing the discrepancies on the receipt side . A lot of it is rounding from the Crestone spreadsheets to our "whole" numbers we put into the Unify system . The other Imbalance report is on the 3rd tab of the Enron Statement report . Let me know if you have any questions .
and how might you want to be involved?? ?
What did you need to do to finish 8/01 ? We have about cleared the interconnect issue for 9/01 . Theresa
Gee Thanks Barry! ! You know I must say it's been a while since the Packers have had to worry about beating the Bears . It's kind of fun to see an old rivalry back again . The Bears are pretty good this year and if the game was in Green Bay I would really bet on the Packers but I'm just gonna hope they can beat them in Chicago . I hope we'll get the game here in Denver . GO PACK GO....... . Do you care to wager anything ?
The deal was nominated and cut to zero .
Amy , I just now opened my e-mail ( 7:30 ) - I've been trying to figure out where you were because I saw the capacity reports and the Gas Daily . I thought you left to go get breakfast . DARN! . I hope you feel better . I wouldn't worry about coming in today . Ty needs to work on our model before we could start anything anyway . See you tomorrow . Theresa
FYI - Medicine Bow incremental Firm Capacity effective 11/12/01 is up to 4530 from 3410 . As far as the maintenance tomorrow , Adele said they won't decide on cuts until after 1st cycle and then the cuts will be based on nominations . I'll let you know after lunch . Theresa
Rita , Scott Sitter ( Crestone ) and I have been working on this . Scott has been trying to reconcile with FUGG on the 12/99 - 10/00 imbalances , then we can take it from there . I forwarded this e-mail to Scott to see when we can get together to finalize this . I will get you a complete summary with all the backup as soon as I can . ( My guess is the last week of November - 1st week of December . Scott is out most of this week on vacation and I'm out next week. ) I'll talk to you soon . Please let me know if you have any questions . Theresa
Gloria , I was looking at Path Manager and it doesn't look to me like they even pathed this CAN point . Let me know what you find out - Mark Bergeron at Woodward is expecting a call back from us ( Paul Lucci ) today . Thanks . Theresa . ( The invoice they received must be based on nominations - right? )
I think we could probably do +.025 ( we bid +.03 last month and I think he said . 025 won. ) What do you think ?
ENA will bid CIG Gas Daily +.02 for the Lost Creek Fuel Volume (  500 - 1000 ) Thanks , Theresa Staab
Gloria , Is there any way you could copy and send overnight to me the CIG invoices for the 33175000 contract from May , 2000 through January , 2001 ? I am helping Darla and Megan reconcile the Citizens account . It is changing over to Kinder Morgan effective Dec . 1 and we need to reconcile this account rather quickly . I printed all other invoices on the Internet from CIG's website but they only go back 9 months . Let me know if this is possible or where else I might find these . Thanks , Theresa
It's 10:10 our time and I didn't see the fax yet . I wasn't sure what time you sent it . I have to take the kids to finish our shopping for the kids name drawing and we'll be done too . We got Sierra an outfit from Old Navy - and I think she'll like it . Talk to you soon .
I didn't see the attachment .
That's still not that great is it ?
It probably won't be available until after the Holiday . The reason I say that is because we haven't received the bill from Public Service yet . Are you out any time from now until the end of the month ?
I'll have Amy watch for it for me and get it over to Craig Lipke if it comes in while I'm gone . I will be out starting tomorrow until Wed . the 28th . If I don't talk to you before then - Happy Thanksgiving ! I hope you have a great one . Theresa
Ruth , Call me if you have any questions . Thanks , Theresa
I didn't send you a note , but please call me and I can explain these to you . ( 303 ) 575-6485 Thanks , Theresa
I'm not sure if they are issuing any wires at this time . I will try and find out .
I believe they are waiting until they get paid from us before they pay us . Do you know if they will get paid from us ?
I think Citation should be good now . Try and re-draft and let me know . I'm working on your other emails next . I'll take them one at a time . Amy will no longer be here so I will be the only one working on this . Talk to you soon .
Try this one now and let me know . Thanks .
Can you try this again ? Thanks .
Try it again and let me know .
Valerie , Are you still having trouble with this ? I may need you to fax it to me so I can see it . Call me because I think I'll have to use a different fax number and I'll need to get that for you .
Ruth , Here is an estimated November purchase . Crestone won't have final measurement until next week . Call me if you have any questions . Theresa
Megan , Congratulations on your new job ! I certainly understand you leaving . I really enjoyed working with you and I'll hate to see you go ( At least before the rest of us get let go) . Amy was let go last Friday here along with another guy . It's only Mark Whitt , Paul Lucci and myself left . I am working on the November producers today as a matter of fact . I am hoping to complete them today or tomorrow morning . I have a walk through on my new house tomorrow afternoon and could possibly be moving on Monday or Tuesday , otherwise it'll be next Thursday . I wanted to get all of this out of the way before my move . I'll get busy now and hopefully email you later today . Thanks , Theresa
Kim , Here's the PSCO website address . Let me know if you have more questions . Things are crazy for sure ! We are down to 3 employees here in Denver . Mark Whitt , Paul Lucci and myself . Talk to you soon , Theresa
Megan , Here are the producers for November for the Powder River system . I don't have Lost Creek yet - hopefully before you leave . Please call me if you see any problems . There will be no sales invoice this month for Crestone and I've told this to Scott Dozier . I will get the gathering to Gloria tomorrow . Thanks again , Theresa ( P.S . - you'll have to give me your new # so we can keep in touch )
Megan , I'm a little to quick for myself . I needed to add the $15,000 facility fee to Independent . Here's the new one . Thanks , Theresa
Megan , Try this for Phillips . Thanks , Theresa
I wasn't sure that you received the first e-mail . Theresa
Mark , Please take a look and let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Theresa
Susan , Attached is an invoice which needs to be paid by 01/02/02 . Thanks . I will fax the invoice to you today . Please let me know if you have any questions , or need additional information . Thanks , Theresa Staab
I talked to Susan Helton yesterday and she is still trying to track down the rent . She said she isn't seeing it on a "paid invoices" list so she's still trying to get it resolved . She said it would probably be after Jan . 2nd since so many people are out of the office until then . I haven't seen Todd or Wayne and I didn't see an invoice on my desk from them .
Jeff , Attached is my resume . I can probably be reached best on my cell phone ( 303 ) 807-6131 or at work ( 303 ) 575-6485 . Thanks again for thinking of me . Theresa
Mark , I'm sure you've already noticed this , but our cell phones have been disconnected . I thought maybe we could pay for the bill on a credit card and turn it in on an expense report . Susan Helton is trying to find someone to get guidance from as far as getting this bill paid . She said in Houston they are no longer paying for parking or cell phones but she wasn't sure about satellite offices . She would hate to see us not get our expense reports paid . I'll keep you posted .
Mark , Susan said to go ahead and expense the cell phones . I called AT&T and it was 176.92 so I put it on my credit card and I'll turn it in . The phones should be on now .
