No . I'll let this one go . Thanks ,
Hello . Please stop by my desk when you get a chance . Thanks , Mike Grigsby
ECT RESEARCH PAGE
Thank you for the information . The links seem to be duplicates . Let me know if you meant to send another link for the product . I'll call you after I take a look . Grigs
I received a notice to provide feedback on Jose Marquez . My review is brief , but very favorable . The west desk is very pleased with Jose's contribution . He has gone out of his way to assist each of us . Jose communicates the weather and its impact very clearly . Let me know if you need additional information . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby
Thank you for your help . I will be out of town until Monday . Let's get together on Monday afternoon to discuss more options for calculating VAR Sincerely , Mike Grigsby
Yes , I will be out of town on the fourth . Mike Hendricks called today to invite me to become a member of TCYC . I accepted . Thanks for all of your help . We will show our appreciation for your help when we get back from our vacation . Enjoy France .
Yes . Thank you .
Launch .
Thank you . This is for my laptop , right ? Mike
Please make two colored copies of this document . Thank you . Mike
I will attend . Mike Grigsby
Thank you . After 3:30 would be perfect . Mike
I told you Friday that I would make 2.5 million . The actuals came in right around 1 million due to a correction to the Sumas GD curves and an overestimate of $450,000 . Sorry about the mistake .
Jeff , Thank you for the resume . I am interested in talking to you about Jennifer Bagwell , as well as discussing the possibility of moving Susan Scott back to my book . I will talk to you tomorrow . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby
Jay and Matt , We should get together and build a gas consumption model for the new generation in the west . We should identify the delivery point and then continue to monitor their status . This will provide us with more information behind our Socal/Rockies spread . Thanks ,
Hello . Are you saying that under no circumstances can you upgrade the memory on this desktop pc ? The technician said that it would simply take another memory design . Let me know when you have the right memory available to install . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby
Did this really happen ?
I am not sure . How can I tell ? Mike
Directions to my house . We will see between 5:15 and 5:30 Monday . West of the Galleria , take San Felipe down to Fountainview and take a left . You will pass the Rice Epicurean store on your right . Go straight to the first light , take a right on Burgoyne . You will pass through Potomac and Nantucket , continue into Briar Grove neighborhood . When you come to the stop sign , take a right on Briar Ridge . My house is on the southwest corner of the next intersection , Meadow Lake and Briar Ridge . My ophone number is Sincerely , Mike Grigsby
Thank you . Please let me know what you guys plan to do . I can meet someone at the house this afternoon . Call me at x37031 . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby
Ina , Please follow up with these guys and try to schedule for this afternoon , around 5:45 . Thanks ! Mike
Please let me know what the next step will be for setting up the nortel box . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby
Any news ? Call me when you get a chance . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby
Any news on my DSL and Nortel connection at home ? Please let me know . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby
What is the latest and greatest on my PC ? Please let me know what the next step may be ? Mike Grigsby
Please have the technician bring another network cord for the laptop . I would like to connect it to the nortel hub as well . My laptop is here at work , so if they need it to install the VPN , etc. , please let me know . Thanks , Mike Grigsby
I approved this today . Mike
thank you .
I tried logging in to corp , but it failed because it prompted for new hardware - a 3COM card ? Should I get a phone number of one of the technicians , so that I may call them from my house when I try to log in . Also , the guys set up a hub for my desktop and laptop . How do I have the laptop share the printer ( which is connected to my desktop) ? Do I use Network Neighborhood ? Thanks , Mike
Is this a real product ? Do we need Larry May to price these spread options ? Mike
I would like to see if the following applications are installed in the Trading Cluster . TDS position manager , CQG , Dow Jones telerate , IP TV Viewer , Microsoft Internet Explorer . Thank you . Mike Grigsby
I logged into the trading cluster and it appears that it is quite similar to general cluster . Can we please load the programs that I emialed you earlier ? I am going to be out of the office in the next few weeks and I will need access to all trading apps . Thank you for your assistance . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby
The scanner is not working . Please come by my desk when you get the chance . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby
What time should we expect the technician ? Mike Grigsby
Keith has your email . He will send you the data . His number is x37069 . Feel free to call him right now if you want to . Thanks , Mike
Hello . My location is 3210C . Come by when you get a chance . Thanks , Mike
Hello . We were wondering if the DOT report has been issued . Please let us know where we may be able to access this report when it becomes available . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby West Trading
Dale , Will you please create the following products for me when you get the chance ? I would like to have GD/D HHUB vs EP San Juan , GD/D HHUB vs . EP Permian , GD/D HHUB vs . Malin , and GD/D HHUB vs . Kern/Opal . These will look like the GD/D HHUB vs . SCal that we currently have in EOL . Also , Can I please create three Gas Daily basis products . GD/D BAJA spread - This spread will simply be the GD/D SCAL vs . PG&E Citygate . Call me to discuss . Thank you . Mike Grigsby
Please set up the product as Gas Daily Basis GD/D HHUB - SCAL . We will use this until we decide to create a subgroup of daily basis products . Thank you for setting this up today . Mike Grigsby
Bruce , I work with Phillip Allen in West Gas Trading and he talked to Greg Piper about the letter attached below , and Greg told us to forward it to you . Mr . Chase Belew and Mr . Carleson , with E*Steel , would like to meet with you to discuss market opportunities in the global steel market . I would like to have Mr . Belew call you to set up a time to meet with you . Would this be a problem ? Please call me to discuss . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby
I would like to get access to the new westpower website . Phillip Allen asked me to contact you for access . I work with Phillip on the west gas desk . I can be reached at 713-853-7031 . Thank you . Mike Grigsby
Please make a few minor changes to the Scal product . I would like it read GD/D SCal - HHUB . I apologize about the mistake , but SCAL is a premium to HHUB . We also need to take a look at the description , fixed and floating . Thanks , Mike Grigsby
I was out yesterday to become a father and Courtney was rescheduled for Monday . I will call Bruce Garner this morning . His number is 713-345-7321 . I will let you know when the baby finally comes .
Good morning . Any news on the spread products for the west ? The titles are Baja and Redwood spreads . Call me to discuss . Dale is aware of these . Thanks , Mike Grigsby
Greg , I wanted to forward this letter to you that I received from a good friend of mine who is interested in discussing global steel trading oppotunities with Enron . If you don't mind , I would like to have Chase Belew call you to possibly set up a meeting . I work on the west gas trading desk . You can reach me at x37031 . Thank you for your assistance . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby
Greg , Are you interested in discussing opportunities with E*steel at another time ? I would like to have Mr . Belew call you to set up an appointment in the near future . Let me know what your objective is with Enron Networks , and if you are pursuing the same online platform growth in steel that we are in natural gas . Do you see opportunities in trading steel products as a commodity at some point , and if so , will Enron be active in making markets not only on EOL , but on other platforms ? I appreciate your taking the time to entertain their questions . Thank you for your assistance . sincerely , Mike Grigsby Director , West Gas Trading
I created the term gd basis products for waha , perm , sj , opal , and malin this weekend . Call Dale or Melba to activate . Keith and I briefly discussed how we would handle the new responsibility . I am fine with managing the prompt month gd basis , while you guys manage the term . I will be back in the office this week and we can talk about the products . Would we handle the monthly the same way ? When do we plan to phase the monthly out ? Have Phillip manage the perm and waha basis until I return . Dale is also working on the Baja and Redwood on/off system spreads . We can roll these out for all terms as well . See you this week .
I am sure that you are aware of the move to daily basis from monthly . The west desk will be trying to phase out monthly for daily in the next month . We have created term gd basis vs . the HHub gd through apr-oct 01 for all index points .
Please contact Keith Holst if you should have any questions regarding the new spread products . Please let him know when they are completed . I will be out of the office until Wednesday . Thank you very much . Mike Grigsby
Can we create a San Juan phys for Oct bidweek ? What did we decide with this product - swing only ? If we do , I would like to link it to the basis plus nymex , or to the fixed price gas daily ( fixed price gas daily will be rolled out during bidweek this month because of our risk in gd basis going forward) . I want to roll the Inside Ferc phys points out during bidweek 7-4 , as defined by Inside Ferc , last trade is mid . The NGI index points will be out 7 to 4 during bidweek , as defined by NGI . We will plan on sending the data to both index publications . Time open to market , time of actual trade , counterparty , price , etc . This will be considered their last opportunity to be accurate or we will decline to participate until their numbers are audited . Thanks , Mike
When do we expect to hear back from NGI on the sep index ?
Let's continue to go long sep swing on Socal . I am willing to as long as we can each day . The plan of getting short for OCT bidweek no longer applies because of reduced basis risk in OCT basis . Thanks ,
Let's continue to buy Socal for the rest of the month . I would like to sell Rockies , and remian neutral on Permian and San Juan , unless it looks like the maint on washington ranch will have a bullish effecst on the basins . I will leave it up to you to determine . I will call later . Mike
Can you put a tab together for our phys index positions NOV-MAR ? Thanks Mike
keep buying N-M socal gd index up to plus . 04 . I will buy as much as they want to sell . talk to amerex . Mike
Steve , Start buying N-M citygate index this week . Pay as much as necessary to get resonable size . I am thinking 100,000/d for the winter .
Thanks for the update . Try to stay flat on all gas dailies tomorrow . Our length is good for now . Let's stay flat for now in the oct index . I will be working from home in the morning . Please have Matt email the ops reports to my lotus . Also , please have Patti email her sheets also - the pipeline summary and flow reports . Download the hearme.com software and login on my pc to use the mic , or the headset in one of the drawers on the right . Tell Philip that I will be using Mike
Your replies are brief and extremely vague . I will assume that you are not interested . Thanks , Mike Grigsby
Thank you for all of the emails . The baby is doing great . Mike
Do I not have access to the reports ? Please let me know . Mike Grigsby
I received an email this morning regarding the reports viewer . I agree with restriciting the access to these sensitive reports , but I don't agree with removing myself from those allowed to review positions . I not only run one of the largest financial books on the floor , but I also manage the West physical book . Phillip Allen passed on the IM WEST physical book to me two months ago . While Phillip acts as manager of the sub books in the west , I am managing all physical positions . Mike Grigsby
Yes . I would like to see the var and desk positions . Thank you . Mike
The guest view only password is in the process of being approved . I apologize for the delay . I will send you the information as soon as I get it . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby
Tom , See the email below for the ID and password . Call me on Monday to discuss the download process , if you should have any questions . You will log into www.enrononline.com and I think you will need to download shockwave media ( the site should walk you through this process) . Once you have typed in the ID and password , you will then have the option of setting up a personalized quote page . Also , call me about where to see our posted daily indices each day on the website . Enron releases the weighted average of all gas traded at each physical point every day . Thanks , Mike
Ina , I need to add my son , Clark Watson , to my beneficiary list for medical , etc . Please let me know what I need to do to complete this task . Thank you , Mike
Dear Tom , Enron would be interested in getting together with other trading partners to discuss listing other index points at the Socal border . I think the market requires other postings to reflect the fundamental changes in the market with respect to transportation constraints . The market has clearly seen a divergence in the summer spreads between PG&E and Socal interconnects . The marginal generation load in SP-15 and Southern California this summer has proven that Socal Gas is short delivered gas and is incapable of meeting daily demand with flowing supplies , and will be incapable of injecting gas during these months . Because of this , supply being transported from the Southwest supply basins can only find a home going into PG&E . This places downward pressure on PG&E Topock gas and upward pressure on Socal Topock gas . Remember , Socal is an island , not because of the delivered capacity to the border via EPNG and TW , but because of the limited capacity of Socal's interconnects . Demand exceeds the supply interconnect capacity . There is also a divergence between Ehrenberg and Topock because of liquidity . Topock is a more liquid market because of the upstream transport contracts on EPNG and downstream buying patterns of certain Socal markets . The market is more diversified at Topock than Ehrenberg . The overwhelming demand pressure on Socal gets exposed at Topock . Although Ehrenberg is the marginal point for gas into Socal , there is more of an imbalance in upstream capacity ( EPNG and TW ) to downstream capacity ( Socal Topock 545,000/d ) at Socal Topock than at Ehrenberg . The Socal Ehrenberg interconnect has 1.1 bcf of capacity and is primarily sourced by one market transporter . Ehrenberg simply gets placed at "market prices" because of varying objectives . One transporter may place gas to larger buyers to ensure flows , while smaller buyers on Socal may not approach this transporter for supplies . This illiquidity has led to a spread existing between Topock and Ehrenberg . Picture the market , San Juan gas is trading well below the Permian and Waha basins , which happen to be the marginal supply points for the west . Because of the of the limited capacity going into Socal Topock , every transporter on EPNG and TW wants to fill their contracts with San Juan gas first . These molecules compete for Buyers at a limited delivery interconnect . Likewise , all Buyers reach out for supply coming through a limited delivery interconnect ( Topock) . The San Juan then trys to find an outlet going east on the SJ east leg of EPNG . This transport leg simply displaces Permian gas going into Plains North and allows Permian gas to head west to Ehrenberg on the EPNG south mainline . While the Socal market peaks in the summer , so does the EOC demand . Permian west ( Keystone West meter ) cannot satisfy both the EOC demand and the Socal demand . So for the first time ever , we saw EPNG Waha West at maximum capacity to source transport contracts on the EPNG south mainline . This tells the entire story . When demand exceeds all available historical supply points , and begins to reach to Waha to meet Ehrenberg demand , you have a paradigm shift . This eliminates any correlation that may have existed between the supply basins and the market area . When Keystone West reaches maximum capacity , the rule of market spreads not exceeding the max rate transport rate then dies a fast death . There is simply no available capacity at the Keystone West meter to allow a shipper to buy max rate transport on EPNG and ship it to Socal . If you asked the market what the maximum interconnect capacity at Keystone West is , 9 out of 10 would not know . This leads to blaming market participants for wide spreads that are above historical levels . It is like Al Gore blaming "big oil companies" for the high prices of gas , when all refineries are at maximum capacity . There simply isn't the capacity to meet demand . The supply exists , but there isn't enough refining capacity available to meet demand . Fundamentals rule the market in all cases . I would like to propose the following index points for the Southern California border . The market would be better served with supply being included in these index points . One , Socal CA production/Socal storage/EPNG Ehrenberg , Two , Topock TW and EPNG , Three , KRS/Wheeler Ridge . The market will be experiencing more changes with respect to the Socal restructuring in the future . We will then address the different interconnects and propose an index for the Socal citygate as well . Call me on Monday to discuss the Enron Online download . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby Director of West Trading
Dear Tom , I am glad you like the website . When you go into the personalize myquotes filter , select the commodity , region , and products . You will need to scroll down the products list and select the US GAS phys index points of interest to you . Please call me if you have any problems . Your filter can then be sorted by right clicking on the filter at the column heading . You can sort by five different groupings . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby
Sorry I didn't get back to you sooner . Thank you for the invite the other day . I just had my second child , so I am little busy . We will be turning on the box with natsource gas daily today . I apologize for the inconvenience . The information reported internally warranted suspending business with Natsource for a few days . I am not interested in hearing your side of the story . Business as usual here forward . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby
The box will be turned on Wednesday . Thanks for the email regarding my baby . Talk to you in the morning . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby
Will you transfer all of the existing SJ 100% flow deals to the new curve ? Please coordinate with the desk to identify all deals executed prior to the new curve being created . Thanks , Mike
Call me to discuss my discussions with the guy in charge of steel . The guy was most disturbing . There will not be any opportunity to contact this guy in the near future . Grigs
Please add Monique Sanchez to the US GAS Basis products for the west region . She will be managing the OCT SJ , PERM , Scal , Opal , etc . basis spreads to the Henry Hub . I can be reached at 713-853-7031 . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby
Thank you for contacting me . The new baby is doing great . I would like to add you guys to the box if you are interested . I would also like to have your west physical guys on my box . It has been brought to my attention that APB has great fixed price physical flow . If you are not aware , I am running the physical desk as well . Let everyone know that it will based on one condition - All numbers or no numbers . We do not wish to participate in a closed market . Call me later . Mike Grigsby
call me before 12:10 . i am taking a half day .
Please order two new monitors for me . I will be adding the two to the left of the four screens I currenly have . please request the arms as well . thanks mike
Please add PG&E citygate GD/D - HHub GD ( basis ) to the database . Also , I would like to check on the status of the Baja spread product . Please sweep the new products in FIN basis , Fin swaps , and non-tx physical <or= to 1 month . Thanks , Mike
Will you please get me access to manage the SJ physical product ? I would like to link it for prompt month information . Thanks , Mike
Thank you very much . Mike
Thank you , but shouldn't the products be listed as follows . GD/D PG&E what you think . How would the legal description read ? Thanks , Mike
Please read the following email from EOL . I have asked them to assist the West desk in mailing out an ad to all of our customers ( utilities , producers , industrials , and some IPPs ) notifying them of our plan to reduce the minimum volume accepted on all of our EOL products . Start thinking of which customers should be on the list and try to think of a creative way to present this to our customers . EOL has asked us to provide them with the text of our message . Also , let's go ahead and reduce the min volume on our products ( primarily all phys and gas dailies ) this week . We are attempting to capture all of the odd lot flow in the market . I would see this service as a clear advantage over the other web platforms . Let's get together on Friday afternoon at Ninfa's to discuss our ideas . Thanks , Mike
Hello . The west gas desk would like to send a mailout to our EOL customers regarding the new opportunity to trade "odd lots" on every physical product . EOL has been instrumental in providing liquidity to previously illiquid physical delivery points in the west for standard volumes of 5000 mmbtu/d and greater , but we would like to notify our customers that EOL will now accommodate odd size lots , in 1 mmbtu increments . This will allow us to trade the "non-standard" volumes with all of the market . Do we have a creative team that might be able to assist us in our efforts ? We were thinking about a one page mailout with a clear message . We would like it to be very upbeat and funny . Thank you for your assistance . I can be reached at x37031 . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby Director , West Gas trading
Let's begin rolling out the cash products at 7:15 am . We should also get back to the cash strategy of the desk each morning . Let's start testing the market , find the support and resistance each day . It would be nice to have EOL change the stack manager so that we can switch a product from manage market depth to last trade is mid with the click of a button , and not go through the product properties . I'll call them tomorrow . Let's also decide on a time to close the products each morning . We want to send the message of reliability , but also allow our Ops group to balance and nom . I want to begin trading the next day cash by 11:01 am every day . This would stay active until 4:00 . The push is for PHYSICAL . Our edge over the market will be phys . From risk to the ability to nominate and invoice , the other platforms will never see it coming . What are the chances that ICE and espeed will deal with el paso flows ? If information is the reason for EOL , then this will provide it . It all seems so simple - Fixed priced physical , just when you thought it was old economy . The reliable indices to big position trading to EOL market share , all benefit under the new mantra . Mike
Great . Can you come to trading floor around 11:30 am on Wednesday ? I am located at 3210C . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby
We will launch as soon as we get the mailout to our customers . Mike
The Gas Daily basis issue should be worked out between your desk and the monthly basis desk . We are making markets on GD basis for every term and index point . This creates a nice market for term gd index . Let us know how you guys would like to cover the gd basis with us . The real opportunity for gd basis is at socal , where the monthly index is so unreliable . Mike
Nice job on the postcard . I will get you an answer on the mailout tomorrow morning . Let me know if you hear anything from EOL regarding the new version . Thanks , Mike Grigsby
After continuing to play musical chairs with the west eol products , I think we have decided on a plan . Keith and Frank will handle the prompt and term basis . This includes the monthly basis , daily basis , and gd index for SJ , ROX , Scal , CG , and Malin . They will make certain that the gd index products are out there for all terms . Cary Metz is managing the Perm products . I will handle the prompt month physical fixed price and index for all of the index points . The term physical index will be coming soon . The rest of the group will continue to manage their cash index points for the next day trading , while adding the BOM physical with a basis link to Monique's GD BOM products . I would like to get the cash products out on eol by 7:15 each morning . The early info will come in handy as we approach winter . Let me know what you think . Steve and Matt have started a pilot program in the NW for rolling out their next day cash products after 11:00 am each day . We will look into rolling out the SW in the future . We are in the process of sending out the "odd lot" notice to our customers regarding all products on eol . We will change our product minimum to one mmbtu in the next week . You may want to discuss this with your direct customers before the mailout . With the addition of Olivia Newton-John to my Scour selection , it is no secret that we have a new commitment to physical in the west . If you review your customer contact sheet and discover an old customer that we haven't contacted in some time , then call them and visit . We will be using EOL and the brokers for physical volumes , but nothing beats the direct phone call for the baseload phys . Thanks , Mike
Let's plan on mailing this out to the US customers only . Call me today to discuss the eol new version . Thanks , Mike
Please sweep the products in phys non-tx<1 month and phys index non TX<1 month . Also , i need access to view restricted products in product manager for non-tx phys forward and index<1 month . Thanks , Mike
Thank you very much . Mike Grigsby
Ina , I can't seem to find the expense deposit for the SW Bell charges in my account . Will you please contact them again and ask them for a copy of the check ? Thank you so much . Mike
Dear Dan , Thank you for contacting me , but I am quite content with my current opportunities at Enron . Thank you so much for your interest . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby Director of Trading
I like this report . Can it be put into the same format as the other "access" reports ? Thanks for all of your work on this project . You are doing a great job . Mike
This is the data that we will use to build our Socal growth estimates . Take a look at the file and then we can discuss how to combine this with current pipeline capacity and future expansions . Mike
Hey guys . Let's try this . Take the data from 2000 and change the following . Take Keystone West volumes to 850,000/d rateably , then add the new gen numbers posted below . You will need to add this demand to the EOC S ML demand numbers ( Is Salmayuca included in this number?) . We should use the 2000 waha west volumes for now . You should end up with reduced ehrenberg volumes for the reduction in Keystone west volumes and the addition of New Gen demand . Run the storage balance at 2000 Socal in this scenario . We will then plug forward with waha west volumes to balance Socal in 2001 . Also , add columns to adjust ( 90% , 60% , 50% , etc ) the burns for new gen in SW . We should then look to adjusting socal demand down for the high hydro/increased NW imports to CA scenario that could happen . Use the SP-15 2000 gen numbers and then back out the avg of 1999 and 2000 power imports . I would like to avoid averaging 1999 and 2000 socal gas demand . Use a 10,000 heat rate to reduce gas demand . Have Jay adjust EOC demand for normal weather . We may have to refer to the load sensitivity data from west power to reduce the SW electric loads and then back out of gen numbers using a 10,000 heat rate . We will then be exposed to EPNG and the OPS increasing Keystone west volumes between now and next summer - run the 2001 with this possibility as well . Take Key West to 1.1 bcf . Let me know where my errors in approach may be . This should give us a picture of the Socal deliverability for 2001 . Thanks , Mike
Please create the following monthly for daily swap . IF GD/D CIG ( N SYS) . The GD index is listed under CIG ( N . Sys ) on page two . The monthly index is listed as CIG Rocky Mountain . Thank you , Mike Grigsby
This looks good . Thanks , Mike
Ina , thank you for the site . Will you please have me added to the site access ? I tried to login without success . Sincerely , mike
thank you
Hello JJ . The Clark family will have me traveling to Abilene on this day . I hate to miss the highlight of the X-MAS holiday . Let me know what the plans are for New Year's Eve this year . Will you guys be in Houston ? I hope Dallas is treating you well . We can't wait to see Michael . Clark and Jake are doing great .
no attachments included
My address is 6201 Meadow Lake 77057 and my home phone is 713-780-1022 . The horns looked great last week . Chris Simms is alive . The best quarterback performance I have ever seen in Memorial stadium since Peter the Great . Just think if we had Phil Brown running the ball . Grigs
We will need to discuss how to adjust physical risk to match the flow constraints on EPNG . The currrent capacity cuts in the SJ and Socal topock delivery points are 50% . I would like my P&L to show this risk . Please find a way to adjust the positions according to a daily flow curve that can be set in newcurrentday by either myself or Monique . Also , We will need to set up a new physical curve for Mojave Topock . Our transport is currently being reallocated by EPNG for deliveries to Mojave instead of Socal topock . I would like to show the transport on EPNG value as SJ plus cost to Mojave and have the value roll out each month , if any . The risk is showing the value of SJ to Socal topock ( currently wide spreads for 2001 ) on the transport when it actually has less value delivering to Mojave Sincerely , Mike
The position sheet from yesterday afternoon , close of business , is quite different than the position posted in newcuurentday for 11/29 . What do you think the difference is ? The SJ , Perm , and Socal don't match . Are we booking them correctly . Let me know . Ask Anne to reconcile each day with comments on the prompt tab . Thanks , Mike
Are we confident that the gda priced positions are not being represented in my newcurrentday position sheet ? I know that Phillips triggered their volumes back to GDA equivalent and that Matt Lenhart bought some GDA malin gas . How do we keep these from showing up in the physical risk ? Mike
Thank you . Can you also address the question about gda physical volumes not showing up in my position manager ? Let me know . Mike
Ina , Will you please add the following fax number to the fax memory button that Pete Keavey uses to submit daily prices . The NGW fax number is 202-347-8089 . Anne , Starting tonight , will you add NGW to the monthly bidweek email and index postings . Send the documents to SSpeaker@energyintel.com Thanks , Mike
The PG&E basis position in TDS does not match the FEB/MAR position . The Baja spread was executed as a NOV-MAR position months ago . The only real changes were to Socal basis over time . There is no telling when this might have changed in error . Will you please research the position to see when this position was reduced . I am guessing that a park and loan was executed by Frank Ermis at some point and the basis risk was allocated to GD New by mistake . Thanks , Mike
Okay , I think the tds tab in newcurrentday was wrong . It is showing a jan pos of 269.55 lots , but TDS is showing 539.1 . False alarm . We will fix Mike
Anne , We need to delete the two trades listed under rockies that are priced 13.90 and 14.00 . Please move these trades to Sumas and resend the data to the publications with an explanation . The index for rox should be 5.9125 after you make the changes . Thanks , Mike
It looks like Anne accidentally include two Sumas trades in the Rockies data priced at 13.90 and 14.00 . She will send out a revised spreadsheet on Thursday . The Rockies Opal wacog will then be $5.913 . Sorry for the error . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby Director , West Trading
Did we send the odd lot trading postcard to all of our customers ? I didn't know it was sent out . What was the response , etc. ? Our RC number is 105891 . Thank you , Mike Grigsby
What do you thnk about amazon gift certificates of $30.00 to the group ? Let's put the "Tick" on selling mojave index for feb-oct 2001 . heavy orig if he can find a nice market . Let's put Ina on the west desk trip for Feb . We should book it now to send a nice message to the group after our last cancellation .
Good morning . With the energy crisis in California at this time , we will need to be extra careful with nominations at Socal and throughout the west to ensure that we continue to provide the excellent nomination service that we have been providing to our customers . You guys are doing an excellent job and we understand that you are under quite a bit of pressure with limited staff . Our contracts state that we must notify every customer of pipeline allocations 12 hours in advance . We all know that this can be almost impossible on EPNG , but because of the current price levels at Socal and the basins , Enron needs to call each customer and notify them of their cuts with an explanation of the pipeline cuts each day to avoid any potential penalties . We also need to document when the call was made . In regards to the ATM nominations on Socal ( ones that we can't monitor) , Enron will be requesting full pipeline summaries of the nominations from our counterparties . Please try to think of any nomination gaming that may take place at these historical levels . We need to remember that our counterparties may not act as they have in the past due to the market price implications on their P&L . We should not rely on prior business conduct in regards to "standard epng allocations" when dealing with our customers . I would expect that the market is going to overreact to any cuts that may be above the "pipeline average" . Let's discuss how we are going to monitor the flows of nominations out of our control . How do we prevent collusion with respect to the socal nominations that we can't see ? Are there package numbers on each baseload contract to ensure that they don't simply reshuffle gas according to price ? Let me know which companies are not providing Enron with timely allocation reports at Socal and I will call their senior trader to discuss getting this operational information sooner . Sincerely , Mike
Any word on the sw bell charges for DSL service ? Also , will you have houston cellular activate my voice mailbox ? Thanks , Mike
Anne , We would like to know the P&L for trading California gas this year for physical only . Please run a report summarizing the P&L at Socal Topock , PG&E then need to notify John Lavorado of the results . Thanks , Mike
Please send the sources of our ferc CA analysis to becky cantrell . She needs to include the sources with the filing .
Please add Carey Metz to our bidweek index survey spreadsheet . Thanks . Mike
I would like to add electronic index descriptions to the database . Please refernece Gas Daily publication , page three for the location of these indices . We can simply insert the location of the electronic index where we currenly have the gas daily index survey language in the gd swaps in the database . I would like to have electronic gd swaps for the following points . El Paso Permian , El Paso ,  non-bondad , Kern River/Opal Plant , Socal Gas , large packages . We will need to add electronic to the product title to differentiate between the two gd swaps . Thanks , Mike Grigsby
Let's discuss the following . Making markets on GD swaps and managing the risk Hiring a new analyst to track our spreadsheets , create our products and get them ready to trade each morning . Your Access EOL reports . Get it to a level that Ina might be able to download the data each day . Talk to Susan about joining the group . Mike
I have been thinking about the cash book idea for group and I think we need to discuss this in more detail . I would like to continue to use the physical for large prompt positions going forward . I am afraid that the baseload volumes may not continue on their current trend if we break out the books . We need to discuss how the cash books would lay off risk . i.e . Intra regional spreads with GD swap legs or spreads with other cash points and then booking out at gd mid to the internal counterparty . Janie managing SJ and laying off risk on Steve's Opal . I know that the cash books would be a good idea for dailies ,  but I am not sure how to do this without giving up the cash risk for baseload as well . What are your thoughts ? I would also like to discuss the staffing issues . Matt Smith and Susan Scott to analyst , Jay to the ROX , etc . It seems like Ken S . has shown more interest in the west fundies lately . Should we keep his services ? The basis products need another book . Who can we add to the mix ? I think that we should look into having Frank focus on prompt month only . He has a great interest in cash and fundies and this should serve him well in managing tight two ways for all products on the prompt . Keith can do term with another book . Monique is going to take over the gd swaps for Kern , SJ , and Perm . I will continue to manage the CA products . This should allow us to provide tighter two ways across the west . I will continue to manage all index products and prompt month phys fixed price . Operations needs more labor as well as an analyst or two to monitor flows . The analysts will monitor flows by price and hopefully find creative ways to nom the market . EOL . Keith has a great idea of opening up all products to the desk so that you may insert a bid or an offer inside of the manager's markets . We should propose this to EOL . This would allow for tighter markets on all products and prevent the desk from working markets through the brokers . Ca cash products . Let's call a meeting about how to offer more Socal physical products . I would like to have PG&E topock and Socal Ehrenberg before the summer . Mike
Please activate all draft products in finswaps , and nontx phys and phys index ( all terms ) including restricted SJ . Thank you very much . Please call me when they are activated . Mike Grigsby
Barry , I would like to focus our deal flow on Apr-Oct or 1 yr San Juan and Rockies supply . Our fundamental investment is mainly in the rockies for 2001 . Let's get together with Mark Whitt , Paul Lucci , and others to set our supply goals for the mainly the apr-oct period . I would like to work on buying every mmbtu of Opal , and all points included in the IF NW Rockies index . Our goal should be to purchase at least 400,000/d of rockies supply and 500,000/d of San Juan Blanco and Bondad . we have been buying these phys index points at +.01 in the rockies and +.005 in the San Juan . You may need to coordinate with Fred Lagrosta's group initially to get all of their producer contacts . Thanks , Mike
Thank you for the email . It sounds like everything is going well for you . We are in Portland this week hanging out with the boys . Planning to go skiing in Bachelor this afternoon . We'll see you in Houston one of these days . Take care , Mike
Thank you for the email . It has been a long ride since I began my morning's sitting with you on the old GD desk . I hear your name all of the time , but rarely run into you . I hope to see you soon . Sincerely , Mike
Matt , Please take a look at these spreadsheets and calc the gas usage by plant and by pipe in CA . Chris Foster is telling us that most of these palnts will be shutting down in the next few weeks due to credit exposure . Let's discuss the impact on sendouts . Thanks ,
Congratulations to you as well ! I am looking forward to working with you and the Denver office . We are excited about the term opportunities in the west this year . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby
Thank you for the email . I hope everything is going well . The gas market is up to its same old tricks this year . Keep in touch . Sincerely , Mike
Fixing the PG&E topock curve to Socal less . 25 would only allocate more positive income to the transport . The position at topock is short . I am not sure if this is the problem from Friday . Let's get together in the morning . Thanks for the email . Sincerely , Mike
Can i get my ehronline id ? Thanks . Mike
Will I get access to the VP investment program for this year's bonus ? Let's push for this if not .
Sorry . The topock curve should be marked as Socal flat . Remember that we show the differentials in index spreads . Please make certain that the pg&e topock curves are flat to socal in the future . Can we run a report showing the curveshift spread between the two points since Jan 1 , 2001 ? Thanks . Mike
Please check the physical and fin index positions for prompt . The index totals do not match the volumes in the Consindex tab in newcurrentday . Thanks , Mike
Please review the transport for next month and make certain that it is set up correctly for market prices . Perm to Socal based on current spreads , SJ to Waha on EPNG , SJ to Waha on TW , etc . The SJ to Waha spread is . 20 for next month , does the transport work at these spreads ? Please make the changes before prebid . Also , please put in a good burn estimate for Citizens next month . Please prepare to supply our socal pool with non-topock gas 100% next month . Thanks , Mike
I will look over the options on Tuesday and get back to you as soon as possible . Thank you , Mike
How is it going ? Have you seen little Allstar ? We are looking forward to coming to Austin soon to see Charles . 6201 Meadow Lake home 713-780-1022 work 713-853-7031
Hutch , How is everything at home ? We would like to come by this week to see the three of you . I am sorry we couldn't come by last weekend , but we were all sick . Jake continues to be a walking virus . Talk to you later this week .
What is this deal ? Do we need to get together and discuss with Dave ? Thanks , Mike
Mind your own business options east . Enjoy . Mike please check the fin BOM curveshift number . details as to why we differ . Thanks , Mike
Yes , please send out a revised sheet with non-eol trades included . Please send it out early this morning and then we will send the final sheet by noon today . Thanks , Mike
Please add thaywood@ftenergy.com to the distribution list . Thank you so much . Mike
Bobby , You love my glasses , don't you ? Let me know when you can send those down to me . Mail to the office senor . You are the King .
Nice work . We are so proud of you . Mike
Can we update a west contact sheet ? I would like to have all traders and operations personnel listed . Name , address , home phone , work phone , cell phone , and email . Thank you so much . Mike
I have asked Bob Badeer to help us research what the utilization rate of gas fired plants in the west was last year and what , if any , the impact of lower hydro and even warmer temps would mean to gas consumption in 2001 . We need to account for any political changes in air pollution credits this year that may increase gas consumption in 2001 . Let's discuss in the afternoon . 3:30 meeting .
Would it be okay if we went ahead and rolled the socal and baja transport in sitara ? I would like to input the Socal transport through October 2001 , San Juan to PG&E Topock and Mojave Topock ( ask Janie for the allocation in April) . The Baja transport is through March 2002 . 80000/d to Citygate and This will really help me monitor my physical index exposure on the curve . Let's get together and discuss tomorrow . Thanks , Mike
We would like to schedule our trip to Cancun , Ritz Carlton for March 29 , Thursday through Sunday . It will be the trading group only , less Tori Kuykendall . Please look into planning this trip . You are the queen . Sincerely , Mike
Please include the following email addresses on the bidweek pricing data distribution list . Thanks , Mike
Please send a reply so that we will know if we are operational before we start sending the data out in bidweek . Thank you for your help . Mike Grigsby
Take a look at the rates for Cayman . We should try to get a corporate conference rate . I will have Ina look into that possibility . Cancun is not an option in March and April - all booked . Mike
No . I will not agree to any penalty charges on nomination errors . Please call me if you should have any questions . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby
Please send me the details of the nomination error when you get a chance . Thanks , Mike
the kdoole is wrong . i will get you the correct address today . thanks . mike
Please make certain that all physical positions are loaded correctly in NCD for term . Have Patti Sullivan load all transport from the transport model in sitara so that the physical index positions will be recognized in NCD . This would include SJ/Perm to Socal through OCT , Baja through MAR 20001 ( 100,000/d to Malin(Barry) , Steve South's latest transport deal from Kingsgate/Stanfield to Malin , and any SJ to Waha transport . Anne , did you get a ticket from Steve on the transport mentioned above ? Also , let me know what the status of the transport deal from Kingsagte to Malin with Barry . Is the gd index for Perm position loading correctly in NCD for Apr-Oct ? Mo , please carry out the physical positions in NCD through Mar 2001 . Thanks ! Mike
did we get the 5/d rox at plus . 02 yesterday ? mike
Please send the resume to myself and Patti Sullivan . I will look it over and talk to Patti about the positions open in the west . Thank you for the email . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby
Here are the two addresses to add to the bid week spreadsheet distribution . Thanks , Mike
Ina , will you have the IT group order and install Socal Gasslect and Passport on my desktop and laptop pc ? Thank you , Mike
Thank you . We are really excited about the "big Hos" ( Jake's new comment) . Coco is busy decorating in her mind . We will take some pictures this weekend with the digital camera and email them to you . Mike
Thank you . Is there a sitara report that we can run to show the transport in the system through March 2001 . Thank you , Mike
Nice work . Thanks for the help . Mike
Thank you . i don't need the value . I just need the sitara transport report so that I may check the physical positions . Mike
Take a look at my review and let me know if we should any more of your 2000 accomplishments . I need to get this in your file for HR . Mike
How do I get the software to operate Socal Gasselect and Passport ? I would like to have them installed on my desktop and laptop . Thanks , Mike
Patti , will you please review each of the SW Gas deals on this spreadsheet and let me know which deals they penalized us for ? We are looking to see if they have been penalizing multiple deals or one deal in particular . They claim that all one month deals fall under an IT contract that cannot be penalized . I want to make certain that they did not penalize one month deals . Thanks , mike
Dear Jeff , I am interested in summarizing all of our contracts in the western region and identifying any problems ( i.e . penalty language , notification deadlines for OFOs , etc. ) that may need to be addressed . We have experienced a few problems with SW Gas Corp . recently . They have been penalizing Enron for cuts on EPNG , but when we pursued penalties with them on a baseload one month deal last month , they claimed that all one month deals have been booked on an interruptible contract and cannot be penalized . This was news to me . Can you help me identify what types of contracts we are using to transact business with our customers in the west ? I can honestly say that these contracts have not been reviewed by the west desk for some time . Phillip Allen transferred the desk to me in August of 2000 and I have not spent the time to review all of contracts . Let's get together and discuss exactly what I may need . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby
Ina , Please have the IT group delete all copies of ICE and Altrade from the west desk . I think Randy is the only one . Thanks , Mike
Jeff , Did you allow me access to all gas reports on Executive reports viewer ? Let me know . Thanks , Mike Grigsby
It is my understanding that Susan will be starting her new job on the west desk Monday morning . We are couting on having her full time beginning the same day . Let me know if I am incorrect . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby
Please remind me of this class . Thanks .
We should change all settlements at Socal to NGI Southern Border , Socal from Southern California Border average . This new index excludes KRS fixed priced trades . Please let the brokers know about the changes to Socal basis going forward . Please change basis and gd swing swaps ( fp and index ) in EOL . Also , Frank and Matt should set up basis and a gd swap ( fp and index ) for southern border , PG&E . This will be the index for PG&E Topock . This index will be effective for April 2001 . I will have the physical product out there as soon as possible . Let me know when they have been changed . Mike
Will you please set up two new indices in the database . The first one will be NGI Southern Border , Socal . This is different for the current NGI Socal border index in the system . Also , please set up NGI Southern Border , PG&E . Let me know when they have been added . These indices will begin posting in NGI for April , 2001 . Thank you , Mike Grigsby
Please activate long term phys index products in draft . They are one year index products 02-04 . Thanks , Mike
I will submit the move request for the west desk on Monday . We should have Anne fill this spot . I would like her to keep track of New Current day and all new deals that flow through the desk . She can coordinate tickets to your group and make sure that they get booked throughout the day . She can also put physical deals in Sitara . Let me know what the desktop PC will need to be loaded with . Start thinking of other tasks that she might be able to accomplish so that your group may get home at an earlier time each day . You can keep this desk for your own use and rotate people through as needed . Thanks , Mike
Let's start thinking about transitioning SJ to 100% flow . I would like to discuss all of the issues and costs of presenting such a product to the market . Think about what we might need in the form of Northwest transport , storage , operations personnel , etc . I realize that this will be risky and that I may experience some financial downside with this endeavor , but I think we should press forward . Will we need intra-day traders to place the gas ? Do we need to establish intra-day relationships with SJ producers , utilities , etc ? Will the allocation on EL Paso in April alleviate some of the cuts ? Let's discuss in detail . Mike
What is this for ?
Will you please set up the 100% flow SJ product ? I would like the title to be just like the current EP product - no mention of 100% flow on the title . I would like to avoid making this a separate index posting . Let's make this available to the entire market . Thanks , Mike
Let's set up the new indices on Tues . PG&E topock and Socal border . Matt and Frank will set up new products for gd swaps and basis . I am working on the phys index . Keith will change the socal index from Southern CA border average to Southern border , Socal . This new index excludes KRS . Grigs
Please let me know when our new socal and pg&e index descriptions are available . Also , please activate the phys index producst in draft - one year terms 02-04 . Thanks , Mike
Anne , on the last day of the month we need to send in the index before noon .
We ar so proud of you . Mike
Yours . I hate golf . Thanks for thinking of me .
I would like to take a quiet stroll with you in a dark alley .
Thank you . Will you please show me the detail from yesterday's difference and today's difference ? Mike
Let's have Matt start on the following: Database for hourly storage activity on Socal . Begin forecasting hourly and daily activity by backing out receipts , using ISO load actuals and backing out real time imports to get in state gen numbers for gas consumption , and then using temps to estimate core gas load . Back testing once he gets database created should help him forecast core demand . Update Socal and PG&E forecast sheets . Also , break out new gen by EPNG and TW pipelines . Mike
Matt , your new responsibility for 7:30 meeting will be to go over all gen outages in the west by region and fuel type , and to discuss the previous days gen numbers and load forecasts . Including pricing info and heat rates from the Portland guys and/or Megawatt Daily will also help . Effective on Thursday . Thanks , Mike
Dear John , I had a meeting with Phillip after our morning discussion about P&L and it seems that there may be some issues regarding how I run my book . It was my mistake about whether or not the put options for April Socal were booked properly . The options were booked properly by Larry May and my Book runners and the profit was realized for 03/08 . My apologies for declaring that the options were not in my position . Also , the tolls curves are not treated as schedule C . I will adjust the tolls curves to account for basis curveshift as needed . My P&L did not match the Socal position because of physical index curveshift and an adjustment to transport . The discussion and feedback from Phillip regarding your conversation with him concerns me . I am confident that I run the most accurate physical and financial trading book within Enron . I will stand on the fact that no one within the market has a better understanding of his/her position better than I . The physical/financial risk in my book is managed to a standard not seen at Enron since I have been here . Few people realize the great lengths I go to to manage the risk in the IM West trading book . I am transitioning from my role as a trader on the west desk to one that it is responsible for communicating with you directly . Let's get together and discuss exactly what my responsibilities to you will be going forward . It may be that I relied to heavily on my subordination to Phillip Allen up until this point . This may have contributed to my miscommunication with you . I will see that this will not happen in the future . Thank you for all of my added responsibilities . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby
Pablo , Will you stop by when you get a chance to do the following: 1 . set up network connection to laptop 2 . download passport and gasselect on desktop and laptop 3 . level the monitors Thanks , Mike
Melba , Please set up the Souther border , PG&E and Southern Border , Socal inices in the database . We have new risk coming in April that needs to find a market soon on EOL . We can have NGI send you the new index posting if you need it . Also , please acitvate long term index products of one year . There is also a PG&E topock phys product in the one month category for april that needs to be activated . I look forward to hearing from you Monday morning . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby
You guys have no chance of building a strong presence here at Enron . Susan and I will make sure of it . Stick to the Galant Night and Blancos .
Melba , Thank you for your assistance . These look good . Mike
Please check the gd swap cheyenne positions for March . I am confident that I have cheyenne short positions on this month , but they are not showing up in the intraday tab . Please check to see if they are booked as kern/opal by mistake . Thank you . Mike
Mark , Please describe in detail , the downstream capacity available to transport this gas . How does the CIG capacity being sold to Coastal impact this point ? If you can make the case for this gas flowing without constraint , then I see no problem in making a fixed price bid for the full volume . A rough sketch of the gas location and its downstream flow options would be nice . Thanks , Mike
Let's talk to Matt about the forecast sheets for Socal and PG&E . He needs to work on the TW sheet as well . Also , I would like him to create a sheet on pipeline expansions and their rates and then tie in the daily curves for the desk to use . Mike
The index products look great . Can you have the same constraint language included on the PG&E Topock location for creating the phys forward ( fixed price ) product ? Let me know when that is done . Thank you . Mike
Frank , The new procedures for trading basis are working well . We still need to get the desk comfortable with submitting orders to you guys , but overall I am pleased with the new procedure . I need to work on staying out of the basis market entirely going forward . Can you also try to work all basis at Socal through Keith . Let Keith and Mo see all of your Socal/Malin spreads in the future . I think I gave you an order to work Apr-Oct 02 socal/malin at the same time Keith was trying to sell a-o 02 socal basis . I will let him know in the future so that we do not cross him in the market . Thanks , Mike
We have created the new southern border index products for Socal and PG&E topock . Please create your new basis and gas daily products for these indices as soon as possible . Mattt will need to create the gd index products as well . Let the brokers know about the new indices I have the back office setting up new curves to book these deals . You will have two curves for Socal now . The curves will show your risk on the old index , as well as the new index . The new Socal index is the same as the old except that excludes KRS . I will be taking these phys products out on EOL as soon as possible . Thanks , Mike
Steve , Let's discuss all of your new rox products for EOL . I would like to know which products to roll out on EOL for April bidweek . I would also like to discuss creating a south of Muddy Creek product for Kern gas . I would assume that it would fall under the IF Kern index . Thanks , Mike
Melba , Will you please take a look at the term non-texas index products greater than one year and activate them ? The section is numbered ( 1126 ) in product manager . Thanks , Mike
Please activate all index producst in section 1125 . Non Texas phys index less than one year . PG&E , SOCAL , and Socal Ehrenberg . Thanks , Mike
Is the Baja for April transport in sitara ? Please let me know . Thanks , MIke
Can we scrub the transport model P&L for yesterday ? Did the transport being switched to PG&E topock show any losses ? Let me know the breakdown . Thanks , Mike
Please review the transport positions in sitara for next month . We should have the Baja transport included . 100,000 short for PG&E topock , 80,000 long Citygate , and 20,000 long KRS . The sj to socal transport should be broken out to like 24,000 topock , 14,000 mojave , and the balance to pg&e topock . Also , please check on the kingsgate to malin and stanfield to malin for next month . What about sj to waha ? Patti , please run a report showing all of the sitara transport deals . Thank you ! Mike
I made some big changes to the index curves tonight . Please run a new P&L early in the morning in order to estimate what the changes in book value will be . I will need to let John Lavorado know about the changes to the curves before we decide to book these tomorrow . Please run a report from the transport model so that I may see the changes to the delivery points . Thanks , Mike
Frank Ermis claims that this deal was priced at Index . He was the Trader on this deal . Please call him to discuss . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby
Anne , can you look at this deal and check to see how it was priced ?
Ken called yesterday and we bought 5000/d april from him at 4.87 . He said it could be either Milagro or El Paso SJ . Please call him and confirm the receipt point . Thanks , Mike
Anne , We will need to add a message to the email that we send out to the publications this bidweek . Let's get together to discuss the text . We have added new products that will need to be matched with their respective Index postings . Thanks , Mike
The information is correct . Please settle with the customer . Thanks , Mike
The Rockies index language looks good . We need to separate the southern border PG&E trades from the southern border socal and Socal trades . All Socal trades ( except KRS , which we have none at this time ) go under Socal and trades go under the Southern border , PG&E wacog . Please make the change to the sheet and forward a copy to me before emailing . Thanks , Mike
Please write up a ticket transferring my CIG and WIC April physical positions to IM denver . I will be selling CIG index to Jay at CIG index flat and buying the 2000/d at CIG index minus . 03 . Also , run a report of all my term index positions at CIG and WIC for the summer , so that we can transfer these to Jay as well . Thanks , Mike
Jay , what are we doing with questar positions ? Are you managing this index point ? I have an April position and Mark Whitt is working on a term deal . Thanks , Mike
Anne , Can we add PG&E Topock and Mojave Topock index points to the NCD locations ? I think we discussed that they can't be added because of their association with Socal curves . Let me know . Also , can we add the new rockies index locations to the NCD sheet ? It would be nice to see these locations broken out in detail . Mike
We now have a PG&E topock basis product on EOL . The curve is currenlty mapped to Socal with the differential to Socal being calculated in the physical index curve . Let's work on setting up this curve on Tuesday so that it shows the accurate value for fin deals . We can have the curve calc off of a discount to citygate in Keith's spreadsheet . Mike
Please call me . I believe I ordered a bloomberg machine only . Does it some with its own operating system or is it offered through the network ? Please let me know before coming to install . I already have two computers . Thanks , Mike
We need to talk about the contract language for Holly Sugar . Please see Kim Ward about some of the language we have used for full-req customers on PG&E . Thanks , Mike
Anne , What was this converation about ? Let me know what they wanted . Thanks , Mike
Please sign me up for the new parking garage . Thank you , Mike Grigsby
Please include me on this trip . Have Ina reserve a plane flight for us if you don't mind . Thanks , Mike
I will use this pc for bloomberg only . I already have two pcs . One for normal networking and one for EOL . My login is mgrigsb and my password is mike0coco . My lotus notes password is mike2coco . Please feel free to install the pc and monitors on Thursday or Friday . Thanks , Mike
Yes , Please forward me the login and password again . I would like to be included in Enron's corporate wide license . Thanks , Mike Grigsby
Anne , can we add the new pg&e topock curve to the basis transport tab ? Also , the LT transport section is showing the transport positions through 2002 , which is incorrect . Please review the transport deals in the model and delete the positions . Thanks , Mike
Anne , it looks like the socal position for socal is incorrect . The position looks much smaller than it did today . Please check to see if Patti made changes to deals in sitara . Mike Grigsby
THANK YOU .
Thanks . I don't think that there should be a fin gd swap position of 12 lots in the mojave index column . Please check to see how the deal was booked . Thanks , Mike
That was the main factor . The cash market also had a difficult time trading higher than 14.50 . The basis curve was on its way to contango , when it has lived in backwardation for some time . This created resistance on the basis curve . The PG&E announcement pushed it over the edge . Market is back up today on stronger cash and the socal edison announcement . Mike
I will be coming back on this flight . Please disregard my request to go directly to Las Vegas . I will need a flight to Las Vegas on the following Friday and returning Sunday morning . Thanks , Mike
Monday at 11:30 would be great . Thanks , Mike Grigsby
Please make the return on Sunday earlier . Before 12:00 would be great . Thanks , Mike
Anne , I would like to check the index positions in the physindex tab in NCD . Please have all of the positions in the BasisTransport tab , section transport model , added to the phys index position totals . Please look at the PG&E CG positions for May-Oct , I added the transport positions already . I would like to add a KRS row in the physindex summary to account for the 20000/d transport that we have . Also , please have the new transport index positions at Socal that we are booking tomorrow included in the new KRS column in the physindex tab . We can review in the afternoon . You are doing a great job . I am sorry that I have not had a chance to thank you recently . The market is distracting me . Sincerely , Mike
Mo , Are your reports still available for EOL that you created months ago ? I would like to turn them over to the fundies group (  Matt Smith ) tomorrow . Mike
Anne , After NX1 going forward , I would like to load my final positions in the LIQBasis tab in NCD . The positions will include basis , physindex and gd index positions . We can then run settlement index scenarios to see what my risk will be to index postings . This will be a huge benefit . Mike
Thanks . It looks like the phys transport volumes were added to socal and citygate , but could you add all of the transport model positions to the Mike
Nice compliment . We shoudl discuss putting together an automated sheet each day for cash trading . Please get together with me and the fundies group to work out a report . Thanks , Mike
I will volunteer for interviewing candidates . Thanks , Mike Grigsby
Thank you for the summary . Where can we find a detailed summary of the gas cost mechanism ? Are we confident that it is an average of all border points into CA ? If the real time price is capped at the least efficient generator , then what happens if this genertor can only buy Socal daily gas ? This avergae CA gas price will lead to a tighter heat rate for the generators , since the spread between Malin and Socal has reached $7.00 at times . Thank you , Mike Grigsby
What was the 10 million diff ? Physical book ? Thanks , Mike
The proxy price will be Gas Daily and Cantor Fitzgerald for Ca deliveries . How do we submit prices to Cantor Fitzgerald ? Anne , we will need to come up with a cash report , much like our monthly index report for the publications . Our data submitted will be under scrutiny at some point in the future . It is important that all of our cash ( one day ) deals are reported accurately each day . Thanks , Mike
You all have done an excellent job with the gas daily products . I have been asked to follow up with you guys to ensure that the products are rolled out on EOL at the same time each day and that they be managed in the same manner that you manage your cash products each day . We have been asked to have one a day up at all times with a relatively tight two way and to provide market depth . You may provide market depth , offset to last trade , or use last trade mid functions . Let me know if you have any questions or concerns regarding this request . Thanks , Mike
Cantor Fitzgerald will be used along with Gas Daily for CA gas prices under the Ferc proxy price . Are you guys familiar with Cantor's pricing publication ? How do we submit prices to these guys ? Let me know if you have any idea . Thanks , Mike
Good morning . I am going to unavailable for the interviews on Monday . The continued Califonia energy crisis and Enron's gas positions will not allow me to leave the desk on Monday . I apologize for the inconvenience , but my time must be spent in the office . Please let me know how I may be able to assist the interview process in the future . I am always willing to help out when I have the time . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby
Looks great !
I sent an email to Phillip as well . We will find out . Our associates on the desk have asked why they have been included in the associate evaluation . Are they in the corporate associate pool or are they simply designated associates on the trading floor ? No big deal - just forwarding their comments . Mike
Phillip , Courtney needs me to watch the boys on Thursday in order to get organized before we leave for Italy . I can be reached on my cell phone 713-408-6256 . Please have Anne update the newcurrentday sheet in order to manage my position . Please call me with any pertinent market information . I will see you Friday . Thanks for the help . Thanks , Mike
We need to make certain that the transport for Pasdena is booked properly in sitara . I am taking a flash to actual hit on P&L because of our inability to book this deal properly . I need the transport booked in sitara at index to index , and then book the fixed cost payed to Pasadena in an index minus sale to them at the border . Please run a minibook of the transaction thru the remaining term and let me review it . Please let me know when this has been fixed . Kim , what is the cost of the transport for the month of May ? Did we roll the cost from April ? Also , did we change the index in the San Juan to Inside Thanks , Mike
Craig , Did you ever follow up with Kim Ward and the desk on the contract language for the deal or deals you did with CA endusers ? We need to make certian that the customers are signed to the correct contract for balancing , etc . Please get with me to discuss . Mike Grigsby
We need to run regression on this load profile for Palo Alto . We should back out the industrial class and run their residential load . Can you find reliable weather for Palo Alto ? Kim Ward is signing a full requirements deal with Palo on PG&E . Thanks , Mike
Will you schedule him for an hour each with Phillip and I and 30 minutes with the other guys . Thanks .
Ryan , Please run the report each day at 3:00 and email to the group . Set up a distribution with the following names: mike grigsby stephanie miller mark whitt matt smith matt lenhart tori kuykendall steve south randy gay jay reitmeyer eric bass tom martin matt motley ( portland ) Thanks , Mike
Randy , Will you please get together with Jason and discuss the daily report . Randy is working with the Sitara group to generate a report which will include all trades , EOL and non-EOL trades . This report will give us a complete analysis of the cash activity . Thanks , Mike
The overview last week was great . Are you going to have Phil put together a graph of all expansions ? That would be a nice visual for the desk . Thanks , Mike
I am thinking that I will make the Socal markets going forward . I will roll out the Nov-Mar and Apr-Oct . Do you want to handle the internal flow with mid market ? Let me know what your thoughts are in regards to making longer term markets on EOL . Mike
Thanks . Will you add West to the report title . West Natural Gas Prices . Nice work
Please call her and let her know that I cancelled my Bloomberg a few weeks ago . Have her confirm it via email . Thanks , Mike
If you guys would like this sheet as well , then send an email to Amy Felling . Mike
Thank you for the information .
John , Monique Sanchez submitted her resignation this afternoon . She is moving to Salt Lake City with her fianc ? and will not be working in the industry . I moved all of her positions to my book today . We have cancelled her EOL trading rights and her stack manager ID . She will be managing the Permian cash position on EOL for my book , much like Matt and Jason are doing right now . We have asked her to stay until October 12 so that she may complete her SJ/PERM production and work on west fundamentals . Please let me know if you have any problems with this arrangement . Mike
Monique has resigned and will be leaving October 12 . Please take one of her monitors and give it to Mog . Thanks , Mike
Please activate the following products: Thank you , Mike
I understand we had a problem with our database yesterday . We will send you the final spreadsheet for October . Thank you , Mike Grigsby
As most of you know , Monique Sanchez has resigned and will be leaving Enron October 12 . Monique is moving to Salt Lake City with her fianc ? and will be living in Deer Valley . We congratulate Monique on her move and thank her for all of her contributions to the west desk . We will plan a going away dinner for Monique before she leaves . Mike
Is the October calendar on the web ? Mike
I already had you rotating out . I will let you know which pipe you are scheduling . Thanks for all of your hard work . Mike
Thanks . Can I email this in the morning ?
Would you like to sit down with a group of traders from the west gas desk ? Should you bring along the guy who sent us the coal plants , Aaron Martinsen ? Tomorrow afternoon around 2:30 . Mike
Please take a look . Feel free to modify and send back for my review . Mike
Please forward to Matt Smith and others .
Room 3267 at 2:30 . My phone number is 7031 . Thanks
I have asked the coal group to talk to us at 2:30 today in room 3267 . Please attend for a west coal 101 . Thanks , Mike
Thank you . Let me know when you are ready to demo . Mike
Let me know if you guys have any questions about this project while Elizabeth is out . Thanks , Mike Grigsby
Thank you for the offer . Courtney and I are going to the TX/OU game .
Thank you for the resume . I will forward this to our Operations group for the western region . I think his experience would be a good fit for our logistics group . I will have you call Patti Sullivan . Thank you , Mike Grigsby
Trust , starring Keith Holst , rated PG .
Palo file . Winter is approaching . You are the King .
How is this issue ?
Hello . It is actually Ryan O'Rouke , #17 . Thanks , Mike
Is Keith setting this up ? Should we do this first thing at the Wed fundies meeting ? Let me know . Thanks , Mike
I am guessing that you guys have market knowledge of shut-in costs for western Canada . We have heard all of the typical low price rumors of Rockies shut-ins at a dollar . I am going to put Steve South and Paul Lucci in charge of presenting a shut-in analysis by field in the Rockies and san juan . What do I need to have these guys look at in terms of variable costs . Is it as simple as gathering and processing ? Let me know your thoughts . Thanks ,
Are we going to cover the western Canada fundamentals presentation and the X tomorrow ? Please send Keith an email so that we may set an agenda . Thanks , Mike
How is it being monitored by Big brother ?
How is the project coming along ? No rush , just wanted to check in . Thanks , Mike
Ina , can I get a copy of the seating chart ? Thanks , Mike
Please define close ? Also , what is the outstanding issue with Redwood ? Please set up another meeting with a copy of the actual flows to Palo , sales prices , third party deals and an example of an invoice . I would like to walk through the deal . Thanks , Mike
Will you please add the prices for the power and add a key showing the variable rates and the O&M used for calculating the spark spread ? Nice job . Thank you for publishing this each day . Thanks , Mike P.S . I nominated you to interview for the Trading Track . It is your option .
My fault for forwarding the email without reviewing . I apologize . I have asked Kim Ward to send me the complete file . Thanks , Mike
The file actually does include all of the data . Just scroll to the left when you open it . Thanks , Mike
History of Series Texas , 55-35-5 . Last 20 years , Texas 11-7-2 . Enjoy the game .
This is true . They will not tell us for how long , but they did shut-in 45,000/d .
Please send me an email list of all of our west traders and their work numbers . Thanks , Mike
Tom , Please review and let me know if this helps . If it works , then please forward to other interested parties on your desk . Thanks , Mike
I think this may be final . Mike
I have added two spots on the desk for logistics . I thought it would be best to have one rep for the Rockies , Stacy Brewer and one for the Southwest , Shannon Groenewald . It would be nice to have Patti on the floor , but it would be like taking the teacher from the classroom . Let me know what you think . Mike
Ina , Will you please have an HR rep handle communications with Jim Hemmerly and his executive search firm , Michael Hubley ( number listed below) . Don Black and I are interested in talking with him further and would like to communicate through HR . Please let me know when they have been contacted . Thanks , Mike
Thank you . Would this report be real time ? Stop by when you get a chance . Mike
That is fine . Please give Monique's phone and box to Matt Smith as well . I am not sure which pc to give Matt Smith , flip a coin .
Okay . I will reserve them for you , but with the understanding that they are for Trading growth and can disappear at any time . Thanks , Mike
Today at 3:00 ? Let me know . Mike
Okay .
We will meet for thirty minutes before our 3:30 fundies meeting . 1 . EOL market making - Lavo has asked us to increase basis liquidity . Janie has mentioned general theme of market , "why trade on EOL 5000/d and risk moving the market" . We are becoming market framers . I think Frank Ermis is a pioneer . 2 . Deal confirmations - Anne Bike misbooked a deal for me from March , cost $3.5 million . How do we deal with this issue of confirmations missing deals . 3 . Vacation and work hours - Discuss vacation schedules for the rest of the year . We need to do a good job of coordinating when we are out . Mike
Happy Birthday Rice . Grigs
Sure . 12:15 ?
Yes . I need a new keyboard . Thanks , Mike
Can you wait until 1:20 ?
Nice work
these attachments do not work .
I would like to set up a spreadsheet to enter each deal that I transact , internal and external . I would then like columns set up that allow Monte to enter post ids for all hedge strips for prior day and new day . We should then sum the net change of the two and balance against the columns summing the new deals that I enter each day . This method should give us another way of checking if all new deals are being booked properly . Please meet with Keith Holst to discuss how to set up the sheet . He has a similar process of checkking new deals . Once this is set up , please have each bookrunner adopt the same prcatice with their trader . I would like Anne to be responsible for seeing that this new process is in place for next week's business . I understand that the standard for most deals is 5000/d and that this can lead to booking 50000/d at this volume . We need to have Anne set up a trader deal sheet that lists the volume and price in a clear and legible format for all bookrunners . Thanks , Mike
I would like to set up a brief meeting in the afternoon this week or next , to discuss increasing the liquidity in west basis on EOL . It would be helpful for our desk to sit down with John Arnold and John Lavorato to openly discuss the importance of continuing to increase liquidity on EOL . I would also like to put to rest the notion that increasing liquidity leads to negative P&L and that a Trader's support of EOL liquidity will go unrecognized at year end PRC . Please email me with a response of when we could set up such a meeting . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby
Should we reschedule when Scott Neal is available ?
I love the "club" quote , because they really are . It is a good old boy network that colludes against every day and every month . In this case , the "club" is Reliant , Williams , Duke and others who own TW transport to SJ from Ignacio . Our TW transport expires in Dec , so for Enron to bid firm 100% flow in the SJ , we have to price it at a discount because of the cuts through Bondad on El Paso . We could bid higher if it was average flows or we had TW firm transport .
Don , I remember him as being a passive guy . He is very conservative , level headed , and fairly organized . I would test his ability to handle new businesses and stress . By the way , he worked at Coastal when I was there . Mike
Texaco has short paid us by 1.5 million for Socal cuts . I believe that they claimed a penalty on the net out for the amount . We do not agree with this short pay and stand by the description of the Socal product in which it states that there will be cuts due to operational constraints on the upstream pipelines . I would like to return the short pay favor to Texaco . Please let me know how we should proceed . Mike Grigsby
We have decided not to pursue Jim . Do I need to contact HR ? Please let me know . Mike
Please notify HR that we will not be pursuing Jim . Have them call his executive search rep as well . Thanks , Mike
Only EOL market makers are allowed to use free loading brokers . Please do not use brokers for markets outside of your market making responsibility . I am going to have the back office decline to book all broker deals done by traders outside of their responsibility . Thanks , Mike
Please begin your focus on increasing EOL liquidity as soon as possible . This is not a long term project . Lavo will be seeking immediate results . Thanks , Mike
thanks
Please move the box from Janie's desk to Randy's desk as soon as possible . You will not need Janie's approval . Thanks , Mike
I would like it done on Monday . Please . Thanks
Sure . How is 2:30 ? Feel free to stop by and we can grab a conference room .
We were wondering why Frank Ermis is scheduled for the Trading Track interviews . Is this correct ? Also , am I not on the list for interviews ? Please let us know . Thank you , Mike Grigsby
Okay . We were referring to the phone interview folders that were passed out . Frank asked me to verify . Thank you
Thanks for the update . Will fundies be able to put together a project list on the website ? Thanks , Mike
Barry , I would rather not get into the habit of locking in curves before the deal is officially closed ( signed) . Can we just agree on a sharing policy , so that we may avoid the event underlined below . I would like to consider the curves floating until it is booked . We are all sharing the risk of Huber not signing . Thanks , Mike
How is the project coming ? Would you like to get involved in the west fundies projects as well ? I would like you stay involved , so let me know how I can help to include you more . Mike
Please look at two supply deals with Enserco at the Citygate for March 2001 . Nov-Mar deal , number 396352 , at 11.27 and a March only deal , number 63338(?) , at 10.59 . They are contesting the fact that we allocated all cuts to the highest priced deal . Cost $72000 . Please take a look at these deals and the cuts and let me know if we should agree to their argument and reallocate 50/50 . Thanks , Mike
Are we almost done with a master customer contact sheet ? Let me know how Steve and Janie can help you with this . When finished , please forward to all traders . Thanks , Mike
Will you please activate all phys and fin index products for Nov and Nov-Mar . Don't forget to paint it with nice tight two ways and wood . Thanks for playing , Mike
Please activate product number 45313 . Thank you , Mike
And number 58266 . thanks
Ina , My new address is 3011 Reba Drive , 77019 . Phone number 713-528-1141 . We can worry about this on the next West Desk update . Thanks , Mike
Thank you for helping on the other two . Please activate the following long list of products: Thanks , Mike
Did we rebook the orig for the reduced volumes ? Please send me the rebooked volumes . Thanks , Mike
Hello . We would like the ability to trade cash with Puget Sound . It is very difficult to interrupt the business and information that we receive from serving Puget as we near the winter months . If you need to freeze business to evaluate the impact of the recent ruling , then please freeze baseload business only . In the future , please call me with any credit issues in the west . Phillip Allen is no longer the Desk Director of the west . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby
thank you
Just want to check on the variable rate spreadsheet that you are working on . Also , can you please change the Keystone page in the west packet to show total supply in the Permian basin with all delivery points to exporting pipelines ( EPNG , Northern , Valero , TW) . Right now it just shows receipts into EPNG . Please look at the attached spreadsheet . It is a manual sheet that shows total EOL trades by trader . Can we automate this sheet so that we can monitor by day ? Please respond when you get a chance . Let me know if this is unclear . Thanks , Mike
Please trade smaller in the future . You are doing a great job making the markets PG&E and Malin , but your positions are getting too large . Do not stop yourself out today in one move , but rather begin a methodical plan to reduce your risk . Make a move to get closer to your VAR . You are the King .
Hunter asked me to fill in for him yesterday because he was out of the office . I had an emergency and could not call the list . Please let me know how to proceed . Would you like me to call them today . Thanks , Mike
Please have some one sleep in the office until this spreadsheet is completed . Thanks , Mike
Thank you .
Casually let Kim know that Phillip Allen no longer is in charge of the west . No big deal , I just heard her tell the SMUD guys that Phillip runs the desk , etc . Grigs
Feel free to call Randy Gay and Frank Ermis for Gas Dailies . I do not have a broker box . I simply make the markets for CA online . Thanks , Mike
We will be implementing an additional confirm process going forward . All broker deals will be booked by Risk and placed in TAGG to generate a confirmation . Before the confirmation is sent to the counterparty , the Enron trader will sign off on the confirm . All broker deals will be handled this way . Please generate a new daily summary report of all broker deals by trader in the west region . This will allow me to verify if the new process is being handled properly . Anne , please communicate this to your group . Thanks , Mike
thank you
Can you check on the progress of the pipe expansion graph . Thanks , Mike
thank you
Please see the attached chart outlining our Confirmation process . This is the same process that Barry Tycholiz implemented for Origination . I think it is a great way to verify our booking process . Please use the trading books that Anne Bike passed out yesterday . Thanks , Mike
Keith and I discussed working towards this meeting being organized every week . We would like the meeting to begin at 3:00 and to have all interested parties ( Canada and Portland ) dialed in to AT&T . I would like the meeting room cleared and the handouts to be emailed before the meeting begins . Please work towards emailing everyone an itinerary each week . You guys are making great progress with the fundies information . Nice work . Thanks , Mike
That is fine . Just please coordinate the format with Keith . Thanks
until 4:30
I will forward this to HR . By the way , no one gets an MBA to be an energy broker . Tell him to focus on trading . I might be too busy to meet with him next week . Have him go by and spend the day with Knauth .
Please see attached description . This is going to be a new product . Please call it US Gas Phys Kern Las Vegas . Thanks , Mike
I was just talking schmack .
Where do we stand with our systems being capable of booking physical fixed priced deals on EOL ? Thanks , Mike Grigsby
My position in NCD is not matching the reports issued to Lavo . Monte is showing 233 lots long intra and the report is showing 413 . See if you can find the difference . Thanks , Mike
Thank you . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Mike
The Broker report looks incorrect to me . Please stop by and we can go over some of the trades . Thanks , Mike
I talked to Fernando Leija and Randy Hebert . I would like to recommend both of them for the Trading Track interviews . Please call both of them to confirm the interview date . Thanks , Mike Grigsby
The Intra month position total in NCD is not matching the total intra position on the reports going to Lavo and deskheads each morning . Please reconcile . Mike
Franky , Please delegate this project and any others to someone else . Let me know who will be working on these projects while you are away . Thanks , Mike Grigsby
Thanks for the update . Please find a human being capable of taking on this project . If you can't find one , then let Gaskill know . You are the King
Thanks . He just stopped by my desk and discussed passing this on to someone else . Mike
Have we rebooked these volumes ? Let me know by Thursday or I will mark them down myself . Thanks , Mike
Jeff , How should proceed with Texaco and their 1.5 million withholding ? Thanks , Mike
I would like Pablo to come to my house and help with my pc . Mike
Let me know if you guys have come up with a value for the PG&E flex deal . Thanks , Mike Grigsby
Dear West , We talked briefly on Monday about our commitment to a full work day at Enron . If you are in the office , then please be prepared to contribute to the group for a full day . Our schedule now calls for critical communication in the afternoons . We need to know that each employee will be here every day to create the consistency needed to outperform the rest of the market . We want to remain as flexible as possible with all traders when it comes to an emergency , but remember that you have a commitment to Enron to contribute a full work day . Please organize your vacation on the west desk calendar with Ina and coordinate any early afternoon departures with Ina and myself . Also , prepare to have your markets covered when you leave the office early . Sincerely , Mike
Is Daniel Lisk not participating ?
Thanks for the summary .
Let me know when you would like to discuss .
Thanks for the work .
Thank you for the update . Mike Grigsby
Please proceed with number one . They withheld the money related to operational cuts in the west . Please contact Accounting for Texaco's exact description of the penalty and I will have Patti Sullivan contact you with the details from our perspective . Mike
Please contact Jeff Hodge with the details of the cuts . He needs the details to make the best case for Enron . Please email your response to me before talking to Jeff . Thanks , Mike
Please add him to the list . His manager made a mistake . Thanks , Mike
Please review summary organization .
We have Elizabeth Shim working on a new project . We let her know that she will be moving into an analyst role for us in two weeks . I asked her to give you her full focus for the remaining two weeks . Thanks , Mike
You are on the list to interview . Nov 1
Ryan has done a great job creating and maintaining the basis pricing sheet . I would like you guys to add two more tabs to the file . Please add a physical and finacial index pricing sheet with the same format . We may need to create a more elaborate fin index curve file to accomodate this file . Please show me the fin index curve file tomorrow so that we may update . Let me know what you think . Thanks , Mike
Sure . Come by my desk after cash .
Changed just a few minor things in the summary . Please look at the titles and arrangement of the positions in the summary . Thanks , Mike
It sounds like you do not trust her work , so we should just cut bait and move her into fundies . Let me know if you really need her for weekends .
Do we have a contract with MGI ? Mike
I do not have access to this file . I requested access to the curves directory . Do I need specific access to the file ? Thanks , Mike
We are looking at this . Thanks , Mike
Your west desk cut us on the revised flex volumes of 30000 - none of it flowed . I am confident they will have an excuse , but they have to know what their market is before final noms . We need to do something to protect our reputation in the west . The west is difficult enough to schedule when you are selecting your counterparties , but with EOL , we have become the physical "CUT Clearinghouse" in the west . Any internal nom errors just make it more difficult to transact reliably on EOL . Thanks , Mike Grigsby
Thank you .
We are including this language in our nightly bidweek summary to IFERC .
I am having trouble dialing your number . I spoke to Randy Bhatia and he recommended you with confidence . After reviewing your resume I would like to go ahead and recommend that you come to the interview process in November . Please call me at work when you get a chance , 713-853-7031 . Thanks , Mike Grigsby
Please invite him to come to the interview . I have talked to people that he worked with and they highly recommend him . I sent him an email and asked him to call me when he gets a chance . I had trouble dialing his number . Thanks , Mike
Thank you . I forwarded your resume to Keith Holst . Please fell free to contact him . Thanks , Mike
That sounds fine .
Any feedback from your group on dropping the nom ? Thanks , Mike
Temp file until the IT group completes the Internet version .
My wife is in New York and will not return until 4:40 on Sunday . I am keeping my boys and will work on getting a babysitter in the morning . I will call you tomorrow .
I will be there .
Thank you . Will you please convert the positions to contracts . Mike
Are you going to include the index position summary in this file ? Thanks , Mike
Is everyone getting this report daily ? Please review the file and let Anne know if you would like to modify the query . Mike
SURE
Our group has been selling NOV to hedge our short basis position . Our phys fixed priced liquidity this morning put us in a longer nov nymex position . We have sold 872 since 11:00 am .
Sounds good . My number is 713-853-7031 . I will call you .
I would like you to activate the following products: The location description during the copy process on the following products gave me problems . Please create DEC 01 - Mar 02 products from these N0V-MAR product numbers: Thanks ! Mike Grigsby
Please begin sending the P&L summary for the desk to this email . Please tell Randy . Thanks , Mike
Are these positions correct ? Please check the formulas for DEC-MAR . The day on day change looks to large . Let me know . Thanks , Mike
Jeff said that he spoke to you . I requested that they restate P&L for yesterday . One issue is that I set the GD Index curves and Phys Index curves as usual , but Anne failed to pull in Index . She pulled in only price and basis . She will fix this going forward . Reitmeyer's P&L was an issue with Logistics . His transport tickets were not put in until 4:00 yesterday - too late to capture . We will talk to Superty about this . His P&L will be -610,000 , a 1.3 million increase . Frank Ermis is still looking into his issues . I will call you after cash trading . Mike
Wed will be spent trick or treating . Let me know how long you will be in town ?
Thank you . Phillip Allen sits right behind me and he let me know that he was going to contact you . We will see you in Houston . Mike Grigsby
Thank you . Let me know when you are done . Mike
CAN WE RUN THIS FILE EVERY NIGHT ? ARE THE POSITIONS FROM OUR PERSPECTIVE OR THE COUNTERPARTY'S ? THANKS !
Will you please update the yesterday column . We should have restated the P&L from yesterday . Thanks , Mike
The positions still look incorrect . Take a look at the total Malin for Dec-Mar . Also , please include all NOV intra month positions , change the prompt month to Dec , and change the Winter to Q1 Jan - Mar . Please forward a new copy after you make the changes . Thanks , Mike
Same thing goes for this sheet . Please move Nov to intra , Dec to prompt , etc . No need to republish this sheet this morning . Thanks , Mike
Sounds good . Will you give us a speech when we go over ? Topic how ?
Where do we stand with Texaco ? This attachment details cuts by Texaco at PG&E Topock . We would like to use this as a potential offset to their penalties in the event they do not waive their 1.5 million charge . Mike
The P&L was stated incorrectly again . The new numbers just went out . We were down 3.7 million on the day , most of that coming from the transport book that falls next to Phillip's name . We clearly have issues with our book runners . Gossett is trying to fix it , but the surprises keep coming . Let's set up a time to discuss the desk . Mike
Thank you .
Let's get together tomorrow to discuss the west . How is 2:00 ? Mike
Nice work . Can you add Jason Wolfe to the next report . Thanks , Mike
Is this resolved ? Let me know . Thanks , Mike
Will you change the dates of the column headings for the summary section . Thanks , Mike
Please add me to this distribution list so I will not miss any move updates . Thanks , Mike
As you know , we have a new book runner for the west . I have asked Kam Keiser to go ahead and set up two new books for you guys . Matt's book will be IM WC Socal , and Jason's will be IM WC Nocal . These books will be ready for when we move into the new building . I will transfer any positions that I have to you guys at gas daily mid . You will make the markets for your own books . We will address having you guys take the gas dailies in the near future . Congratulations ! Mike
What is an additional offer ? Are they in the trading track program ?
What is the latest and greatest on this project ? Mike
Ina could not get us into the new building tomorrow , so we will not get together after work . We will plan on going out as a group after we move over . Mike
Sure . I would like to see your group participate in all of our meetings . 3:30 every day , tues power fundies , and 3:00 wed gas fundies .  Morning meetings would help you guys as well .
I would like to put a request in for Brent Dornier as well . We think Jason Huang should move on to another rotation . He has served the west as an Analyst and believe that he should get experience on another desk . Thanks , Mike Grigsby
3209b - my desk .
You and Keith should try and get together this afternoon for thirty minutes . Let me know . Mike
You can go to erequest and selct this directory .
IN
THANKS
Thanks . Please send the attachment .
Congratulations on your new baby boy .
Hello Mojo . Things have been interesting . Thanks for thinking of the desk . We are playing lots of liar's poker and listening to music again . How are the muffins ? Grigs
Mike Grigsby Houston , 32 Ina Rangel
Please delete the first total row in gray and the row below it that says "Western Canada Region Notional." Then have the bottom total row sum all of the positions . Thanks , Mike
Please grant full access to all of the west power traders . They had access at one time , but can't get in now . Bob Badeer Mike Swerzbin Matt Motley Tim Belden Tom Alonso Thanks , Mike Grigsby
The following will not deal: Burlington Salt River Project Socal Gas Coral Engage J Aaron ( They are clicking to close out positions only )
Mirant ( They are clicking to reduce positions and exposure )
Keith Holst , from our west desk , met with Brent Dornier last week in London and Brent mentioned that he might be interested in joining the west gas trading desk . We would like try and get him for his first Trading Track rotation . Thanks , Mike Grigsby
Chris , We would like to claim Brent Dornier for the west when he begins his Trading Track rotation . What are your thoughts ?
Thank you .
Will show me how to get this sheet running ? Drop by when you get a chance . Thanks
Can we delete the inactive books listed in the drop down box in TDS ? Also , can we set up another selection that includes all books less Phillip Allen's . Thanks , Mike
Last week it would have been two cents , but now that there is a huge credit spread in the market , it may cost them . 07 . We simply can't buy the physical volumes right now . The credit spread in the SJ to cover our short is costing us . 20 . I love this market .
This place gets better and better every day . A piece of fiction .
NO
We will be limiting the attendee list for the Wed fundies meetings . If you received this email then consider yourself invited . Please let the schedulers know that only Patti will be attending in the future . This is due to available space in the conference rooms . Thanks , Mike
Will you please send me a complete list of all of our west schedulers and their pipe responsibilities ? I want to set up a mentor program with the traders . Talk about it later . Thanks , Mike
Good stuff . Get me on the distribution list . Mike
Janie Tholt called Dynegy because of the . 12 cent spread between SJ EOL and SJ ICE . The Trader at Dynegy said that they were busy training two schedulers to trade cash , and that arbing the market was not the message they wanted to send to them . They would like to focus on the "Big Picture" instead . We tried .
Please review . I will talk to her today . Thanks , Mike
We need to protect the flows to Citizens on TW . I know you guys have been working on this , but Citizens continues to receive cuts . Please secure the supply off of TW . Let Sempra know that IB Link gas will not do . Thanks , Mike
Let's get together after lunch tomorrow to discuss how to handle the books next month . Cash and transfers from me to you . Mike
Zac is a new analyst on our desk . Could you grant him website access ? He sent in an erequest for access . Thanks , Mike
Jay Reitmeyer - Eastern Rockies lead . Matt Smith - Trading Track , west fundies , Socal cash trading , scheduling , and risk . Jason Wolfe - Trading Track , west fundies , NoCal cash trading , scheduling , and risk . Susan Scott - Rockies scheduling , cash trading , and risk experience . Keith Holst - West Fundies lead . Tori Kuykendall - Southwest knowledge , cash trading , scheduler , fundies , basis . This list represents critical people to continue making markets , fundies analysis , and trading .
I tried the sheet today and failed . Stop by when you get a chance to test . Thanks , Mike
Hello . I am sorry . I have not had a chance to speak to Elizabeth . I will let you know . Thanks , Mike
There are rumors circulating that the Associate/Analyst program will be reduced soon . Can we address this issue with some of the Associate/Analyst employees on the floor ? Will Associates be reduced regardless of whether or not they are in a core business , etc. ? Let me know if I can address this with some of our people . Mike
Let's not forget the fact that Citizens has cut Enron more during the life of the deal . The only company walking away from a deal will be Enron . We will set up a meeting to discuss fixing the problem . Thanks , Mike
We have conference room 6716 from 3:00 to 4:00 each day for OPS . I have not inspected the room to see if it will accommodate our entire group . Thanks , Mike
Can you include the desk to desk summary in this email each day ? The title of the report is Enorn North America Corp . ( Deal Detail Listing Counterparty) . It lists all desk to desk trades by book . Thanks , Mike
Please review this file every day . Biliana will be posting this file on the web in the near future . The summary includes all desk to desk deals . Mike
Sounds good . I would like Monte to prepare my estimate on newcurrentday first , submit it to you , then calc the book . Is this okay ? Mike
What is this project ?
Please look into this deal . Thanks , Mike
Do you have a minute to discuss your role on the west desk ? Please come by my desk . Mike
Jason Huang has already done his rotation in the west as an analyst . Please move him into another rotation . Thanks , Mike
I just spoke to Elizabeth . I told her that we would move her out of Trading Track and in to the Analyst pool . I also told her about setting a performance plan going forward and that you would be contacting her . She knows that she will be working as an Analyst for the west . I will complete the plan and forward to you . Mike
Please take Matt Lenhart's var limit on the sheet to 2 million . Thanks , Mike
Thank you .
Monte , Please scrub the prompt tab , phys index tab , fin index tab , and consolidated tab . Make sure they all tie out to the hedge strips and sitara . Shannon will give you a copy of my physical volumes from sitara . We will go over it tomorrow . Shannon , Please run a new copy of all DEC positions for IM WC CAL and give it to Monte Jones . Thanks , Mike
We will hold off transferring any physical positions desk to desk until the end of bidweek . After NX1 , we will transfer positions at a daily EOL Index mid price . Please monitor my book and others to make certain DEC deals are not being transferred prior to NX1 at an IF monthly or GD daily mid price . Thanks , Mike
No problem .
My physical hedge strips are not matching sitara for San Juan and Permian . Please check the positions for DEC and take a look at how all of the transport is booked . Thanks , Mike
Let's go ahead and move it . Thanks .
Have you solved the problem with the positions ? Let me know . Mike
Was Elizabeth Shim on the list ? I can't remember . Mike
Please place her at 60 or below . She is under a performance review plan and has been removed from Trading Track . Zack McCarroll started with the west desk two weeks ago . Do we need to add him to the list ? Thanks , Mike
He came over from Broadband . We think this guy is great . We would like to rank him high enough to keep . Try 40 and higher . Thanks , Mike
The video says www.bloomberg.com . We get the video source through an application called IP TV viewer . I am not sure how Enron provides this service to us .
No classes available . Mike
Has Phil found the supply for Mexicana ?
In light of the current circumstances with the company and the concerns that our counterparties have at this time , I would like to leave the upstream business in Denver . Moving this business would lead to confusion with our customers and to our Denver based employees . Let me know if you have any issues with this . If you would like to go up there for coordination and training , then feel free to travel to Denver . Thanks ,
Please make five copies of this report for the meeting . Thanks
Patti Sullivan informed me that the Logistics group performed a PRC last week and ranked Elizabeth Shim to be fired from Enron . I do not believe Elizabeth Shim is there employee to rank for termination . Until last week , Elizabeth Shim was in the Trading Track program on loan to Bob Hall and logistics . If they were trying to meet quota by terminating Elizabeth , then I think they need to look elsewhere . The Trading group should be making the decision on whether or not we fire Trading Track employees . We just put Elizabeth on a performance plan and ranked her in the Associate/Analyst PRC on Monday . Let me know , Mike Grigsby
Go in and view the open positions . We will discuss getting quotes in a few minutes . Steve South will be coordinating our efforts to screen print ICE every 10 minutes .
Will you fax me the final rankings from the other day . Did you get a chance to rank Zack McCarroll ? Please send it over when you get a chance . Thanks , Mike
I am not sure how to approach this . I appreciate your comments , but the ultimate decision will be made over the next few weeks . If you would like to resign , then let me know . Mike
Please update the email distribution list to include Kelley_Doolan@platts.com and mhenergy@yahoo.com . Let's go ahead and send our usual format . No changes to the sheet . Thanks , Mike Grigsby
After the horns , NO ! How is it going ? Everything here is going okay . The ENE story is behind us all . Grigs
That is fine under the circumstances , but why were they sitting around for a few months without me knowing ? Thanks , Mike
Thank you for the email . We are doing as well as we can after the Chris Simms debacle . What a hack ! The ENE story is a good one . Hunter and I will have you market the book , and your boy , Tate , will be the ghost writer . We will see you soon .
Please give Zach McCarroll access to the network and reactivate his login and password . Let me know why he was taken off the system . Thanks , Mike Grigsby V.P. , West Trading
Please make certain that Brent Dornier is on the payroll for ENA . He is moving from London and will be with the west gas trading desk as an Associate/Analyst - Trading Track . Thanks , Mike
Can you email me with the details ?
PLEASE REACTIVATE ZACH MCCARROLL FOR NETWORK ACCESS IMMEDIATELY . THANKS , MIKE GRIGSBY VICE PRESIDENT , WEST GAS TRADING
Thank you so much . No one is better than you . You should teach a class . Love you , Mike
I just faxed it to you . Let me know . Mike
No problem . I am leaving town Sat and Sun . Let me know what works for him . Mike
Bob , After discussing the potential cuts with John , Randy Gay will remain as the only transfer to Logistics from my group . I will have him run the group at that time . Zachary McCarroll will be transferring to west risk from my group . Thanks , Mike Grigsby
You want Zach in risk because he is better talent than what you currently have . Patti will be noming a pipe and working for Randy .
Please move Donna off of the west desk logistics . After discussing her experience with Randy and Don Black , I am choosing not to accept her on the west team . Let me know if we need to move her to the 2 or 3 list . Thanks , Mike
I do not see Monte on any of the three lists . Will you pls check . Mike
We put him in the West Orig team and he is being cut . Tych will notify him today .
Are we making deliveries to this contract ? Please put together a cuts sheet for this deal . Thanks , Mike
I do not know whether or not I will be in town . Call me .
Patti Sullivan and Suzanne Christiansen informed me that all west deliveries have been kept whole . Please contact them directly if you require detail on a daily basis . They will be happy to assist you . If you have any problems , please do not hesitate to call me at 713-853-7031 . Sincerely , Mike Grigsby
What is this for ?
For those of you that will be in the office after New Year's , we will begin an informal fundies meeting each day to cover what has happened in the market since we filed for bankruptcy . We will go over pipeline flows , storage balances , weather , monthly and daily prices , etc . With a few of the Banks showing interest in showing a bid , I thought it would be good for us to begin our preparation to trade the market . Chris Gaskill will be providing the daily packet and Patti Sullivan will provide the daily operations report . I was thinking that we should start around 9:30 each morning .
Will we be acting as agent for Pasadena in January ? Should we turn this contract back ? Let me know what your thoughts are . Mike
Are we handling the PGT 75,000 of Malin deliveries in Jan just like we have in Dec ? Let us know . Mike
Pursuant to Sara Shackleton's request , I am attaching a memo that I prepared in April , 2000 regarding procedures for opening brokerage accounts . Please do not hesitate to contact either Sara at x35620 or me with any questions .
Hi , Bianca ! Francisco Pinto Leite has asked me to give him a list of all outstanding ISDAs and Deemed ISDAs with Mexican counterparties . Can you send me a list of the Deemed ISDAs that are still outstanding ( either comments received or counterparty has not returned signed copy) . Thanks ! Marie
Esmeralda: I'm available . Thanks ! Marie
I'm just now going through my e-mails from last week as I was out cleaning up after the flood . I had given Cynthia the omnibus forms before I left , so I don't know what they are doing/not doing up there . Marie
WHAT??????? ? How can this be ? Who allowed this to happen ? What are we going to do ? There is no one worthy to take your place as favorite credit person . Those structuring people can't possibly be nicer than us . I guess I wish you well , although it's going to be bad for us . Oh , as far as the HUGE Happy Hour , I hope you aren't getting your hopes up too high . Remember , it's Bill ! Seriously , we will miss you and I wish you all the best . Marie
Hi , Bernice ! I don't think Legal needs to review your correspondence requesting this information , but we will still need to receive copies of the name changes , mergers , etc . Thanks ! Marie
Susan: Attached are Frank's hedge fund forms . The first one is a blackline and the second one is the actual form .
Below are Tidewater's comments to the omnibus confirmation . Please let me know what changes are acceptable . Thanks ! Marie
Tracy: Will you handle this ? Thanks ! Marie
Tiffany: Attached is the revised Annex B for the omnibus confirmation . We have addressed the counterparty's concerns as follows: 1 . Annual vs . monthly financial statements - the annex provides for delivery of annual audited financial statements and quarterly unaudited financial statements . It does not require delivery of monthly financial statements . 2 . We have revised Annex B to be 2- way , meaning that the provisions apply to both the counterparty and ENA . Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
Fred: I am passing this e-mail along to Tracy Cooper . I am no longer with EBS and Tracy is the paralegal who took my place , so she will be assisting you on preparing master agreements . Hope all is well ! Marie
Gentlemen: Pursuant to Jarrod Cyprow's request , I am attaching a clean and blacklined version of your form Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement and Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex , which reflect our comments to such forms . Please do not hesitate to contact us with any questions . We look forward to hearing your comments . Thank you .
Tracy: Look in the closing binder ( the BMC binders ) were on your file cabinets . The side letter should be in there . Marie
Mike: Pursuant to Sara Shackleton's request , I am attaching a draft form of Collateral and Exposure Provisions ( two way cash only ) for the Citibank transactions . Please let us know if you have any questions or need anything else .
Hi , Holly ! If you update the July calendar , I have jury duty ( yuk! ) on July 20th . Thanks ! Marie
Mike: Pending resolution of the credit annex issue , attached are drafts of the Delta Energy/ENA and Citibank/ENA confirmations . Please contact Sara with any questions or comments . Thanks !
Joe: Attached for your further handling is Annex B for the referenced transaction . Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Thanks !
Joe: A mere technicality ! Here is the revised Annex B . Thanks for catching ! Marie
Attached for your review are the confirmations for Citibank/ENA and Delta/ENA . Please contact Sara with any questions or comments . Thanks !
Ed: Attached are the following: 1 . ConEd's form of Schedule and Paragraph 13 and 2 . Our comparison of the above documents . Please review the following credit related items and let me know if you are okay with ConEd's language or if you would prefer our revision: 1 . Part 1(c ) - "Cross Default" - ConEd has left in the provision re cross acceleration , which we usually take out , but leave in if our counterparty is a financial institution . 2 . Part 1(d ) - "Credit Event Upon Merger" - will you agree to ConEd's language ? Also , I know you said that we were just going to comment on ConEd's version without credit , but Sara wanted to know if you want to include cross-default thresholds and the same matrix we are using in the two specific transactions . Please let me have your response to the above as soon as possible so that we can send our comments to ConEd , as they are getting pretty agitated that we are taking so long . Thanks ! Marie
Hi , Jay: It's your friendly pest AGAIN!!!!!!! ! Do you have an address for me for Southern California and have you found out anything about "Petro-Hunt L.L.C." and "Petro-Hunt Corporation being the same entity ? Thanks ! Marie
Attached for your review are the revised Citibank/ENA and Delta/ENA confirmations . I am attaching only clean copies as the compare documents note all changes , not just the ones made today . Thanks ! Marie
Pretty impressive !
Here are the revised confirms . Thanks ! Marie
Oops ! I was supposed to tell you that Sara is working on the Enron Corp . guaranty so we should have them to you shortly .
Mr . Bicker: Pursuant to Frank Sayre's request , I am attaching a clean and blacklined copy of the draft Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement , together with the draft Paragraph 13 to the Credit Support Annex , which drafts incorporate the latest comments and revisions . Please do not hesitate to contact us with any questions or comments . Thank you !
Sounds great to me ! Thanks !
Attached are the revised draft confirms . Marie
Pursuant to Jason Williams' request , I am attaching our draft Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement , together with a draft Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex . Please do not hesitate to contact us with any questions or comments .
Craig: Jay Williams sent a credit worksheet for Petro-Hunt , L.L.C . on 6/24 . There was a question regarding this entity , which Jay had answered by Petro-Hunt on 6/27 . I have drafted the master and once it has been reviewed by a lawyer , I will send it on to Liz Luthans . Marie
Hi , Holly ! The only exceptions I have were Monday and Tuesday , June 18 and 19 were vacation days . Thanks ! Marie
Michael: Here they are ! I will send you copies of the pre-printed ISDA Credit Support Annex to attach to the hard copies . Let me know if you need anything else . Marie
Kristina: Pursuant to our conversation , attached is the form of Consent and Assignment for execution by Enron North America Corp . in connection with the natural gas and basis swaps to be assigned to Morgan Stanley Capital Group , Inc . As I stated , our credit department is verifying the transactions being assigned so once I receive information from them , we will contact you with any questions or comments . Please do not hesitate to call if you have any questions . Thanks !
Kristina: My CompareRite feature is not working right now , but I can point out the changes we made . The changes we made were to the final revised form that Carol St . Clair prepared , so for the most part , the changes are the same as hers with these exceptions: 1 . Preamble - "Enron Power Marketing , Inc." has been changed to "Enron North America Corp. , formerly known as Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp." . 2 . First "WHEREAS" paragraph - "WHEREAS , . ...identified on Exhibits A and B hereto ( whether one or more referred to herein collectively as the "Transactions") , under the ISDA Master Agreement dated May 14 , 1998...;" . 3 . Second "WHEREAS" paragraph - changed "a" to "an" before "Assignment Agreement dagted April 25 , 2001" . 4 . Paragraph 3 - changed "Consent and Assignment" to "Consent to Assignment" . 5 . Paragraph 8 - "As of...that certain ISDA Master Agreement , dated as of June 16 , 1992..." . 6 . Signature Line changed from "Enron Power Marketing , Inc." to "Enron North America Corp. , formerly known as Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp." . 7 . Added Exhibit A ( Natural Gas Transactions ) and Exhibit B ( Basis Swaps) . If my CompareRite starts working , I'll try to send you a blacklined copy . Marie
I spoke with Frank about your proposed changes and he was okay with your first change , however , the definition of "Investment Policy" does appear in Section 5(c)(i) . What documentation sets forth your investment objectives , restrictions , etc. ? Also , do you have any comments to the forms of guaranty agreements attached to the ISDA ? Finally , we are awaiting copies of Quark's documents , those of its Manager and those of any other relevant entities so that we can review them and verify that there are no issues that would require delivery of a legal opinion . Thank you for your assistance .
Anthony: There's not a form of assignment attached . The attachment is your Overseas Securities Lending Agreement . Marie
I guess it would help if I attached the documents . Sorry ! Here they are .
Becky: I didn't have anything for her , so I can't complete the review form . Marie
Francisco: Here is the CA for Procter & Gamble Manufactura . Marie
Joe: Please update the attached list and forward to Jay Williams and me . Thanks ! Marie
Dan: Attached are clean and blackline drafts of the ISDA Master Agreement noting your changes to Parts 5(b)(g)-"Eligibility" and 5(p)-"Additional Definitions" . If the attached revisions are acceptable , we should be in a position to finalize execution documents . Did your lawyer have any comments to the guaranty forms ? Thanks ! Marie
Anthony: Attached for your review are clean and blacklined copies of your form of assignment , which note our comments . Please let me know if the attached changes are acceptable . The only outstanding issue on our executing the new OSLA in favor of Morgan Stanley Securities Limited is our review of the Borrower's warranties which were not a part of the OSLA we executed with Morgan Stanley & Co . International Limited . Thanks ! Marie
Samantha: Can you let Banu know the status of the CA ? Thanks ! Marie
Hi , Jaime: Attached are the revised draft ISDA Schedule and Paragraph 13 , reflecting the counterparty's collateral threshold to be "$7,000,000" rather than "$5,000,000" . Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
Janelle: As a condition to ENA entering into any new transactions with ConEd , Credit is requiring that ConEd execute the Amendment to Confirmation for Deal No . 514094.01 ( to make sure both deals have identical credit) . Should you enter into a transaction with ConEd , and they haven't signed the amendment to the existing transaction , the new transaction may have to be unwound . Please let us know if you have any questions . Thanks ! Marie
Hi , Aparna ! Please copy me on e-mails forwarding credit worksheets as I am responsible for assigning them to the paralegals . Thanks ! Marie
CONGRATULATIONS!!!!!! ! We've been asking everyday if anyone had heard if the "Babies Elliott" had arrived . Glad to hear that they are all healthy and were a good size , and that Mom is doing well . Look forward to seeing pictures of the little ones . I know you all are going to have so much fun with them . Hope you've been storing up sleep , cause it looks like you won't be getting much for a while . Again , congratulations . These three little ones don't realize how lucky they are to have such a nice Dad , but I'm sure they'll find out soon . Take care Marie
Hi , Cindy ! Attached is a memo requesting the referenced Enron Corp . guaranty . Also attached are forms of certificates to be signed by Kate Cole . Please note that one of the certificates requires the inclusion of articles of incorporation and bylaws . Please call me when the documents are ready and I'll have someone pick them up . Thanks for your help ! Marie
Our group is going out for lunch today . I'm free tomorrow and maybe Friday .
Carol: Please copy me on e-mails forwarding credit worksheets to Legal . It's now my turn to assign the worksheets among the paralegals . Thanks ! Marie
Thursday works for me !
I'll see y'all at 11:30 unless I hear otherwise .
I sure did ! thanks !
Jarrod: I have checked our database and here is what I found: Clorox - nothing has happened since you contacted them in May and they said they would send it in a few weeks . Nestle - nothing since we sent them a revised draft in July , 1998 . Let us know if you want us to follow up with them . Marie
I did locate our comments to Nestle's form of schedule originally drafted for Nestle Holdings , Inc. , which they revised to reflect Nestle USA , Inc . These comments were delivered to Ed Quinn on 5/21/99 to deliver to Nestle . To our knowledge , nothing has happened since .
I received a voice mail from George Diskin today and he would like to schedule a conference call on either August 6 or August 7 at either 12:00 or 1:00 ( Houston time) . Will you let me know what will work for each of you so that I can coordinate with George . Thanks ! Marie
Holly: I had vacation time on July 5 , 6 and 9 . Thanks ! Marie
Hi , Cindy ! Attached are a memo requesting the referenced Enron Corp . guaranty , together with a form of Certificate of Incumbency . Please let me know when the documents are ready and I'll send someone to pick them up . Thanks ! Marie
Hope this reaches you this time . Marie
That's fine . I'll direct the comments to the appropriate individuals . Marie
Francisco has requested that anytime we email a Deemed ISDA for a Mexican counterparty to the Confirm Desk , we ask them to return a copy , signed by the counterparty , to us as soon as they receive it back . When we receive the signed copy , we should give it to Francisco . Thanks ! Marie
We have received the following executed financial Master Agreement: Type of Contract: ISDA Master Agreement ( Multicurrency-Cross Border ) Effective Date: July 10 , 2001 Enron Entity: Enron North America Corp . Counterparty: Quark Power LLC Transactions Covered: Approved for all products with the exception of: Foreign Exchange Confirming Entity: Enron North America Corp . Choice of Law: New York Copies will be distributed .
It's hard to say "Quark" . I want to call it "Quack" .
( A ) "Independent Amount" means with respect to a party , the amount specified as such for that party in each Confirmation , or if no amount is specified , zero . [(A ) "Independent Amount" means with respect to Party A , the amount specified as such for Party A in each Confirmation , or if no amount is specified , zero and means with respect to Party B , the amount calculated as follows: on any Business Day , Party A shall have the right to adjust the Independent Amount due from Party B due to changes in the volatility of relevant markets or of Party B's portfolio of transactions with Party A ( "Party B's Portfolio") . Party A will calculate such Independent Amount based on its internal Value at Risk ( "VAR" ) calculation for up to ten ( 10 ) days of VAR with respect to Party B's Portfolio , provided , however , that in no event shall Party B's Independent Amount be less than $250,000 if there are any outstanding transactions.]
Bianca: Attached for your further handling are the Deemed ISDA for Total International Limited , together with a fax cover page . Please let us know when you receive the signed Deemed ISDA back and whether or not the counterparty returns the documentation requested in the fax cover page . If you have any questions , please give me a call . Thanks ! Marie
The conference call with Consolidated Edison has been scheduled for Monday , August 6 at 1:00 in Sara's office ( EB3801A) . Please let me know if something comes up that you will not be able to attend so that I can inform George Diskin at ConEd . Thanks ! Marie
Well , it's about time !
I just spoke to Anne and we decided that we would suffer and go eat supper with you and Mama tomorrow night , so we guess we'll just see y'all at Mass and then decide where to go . Me
Regarding your e-mail asking us to prepare a confidentiality agreement , below is an e-mail from Tana Jones forwarding two forms of CAs to Credit so that you all can prepare your CAs requesting financials without having to ask Legal to prepare it . The CA must be initialed by a lawyer prior to signing by either Bill or Rick , and a copy of the fully executed CA must be sent to Kay Young in Legal . Let us know if you have any questions . Marie
Joe: Attached is the Annex B for each of Wexford Spectrum Investors LLC and Solitair Corp . As I stated in my voicemail , please do not send these out until you get the okay from either Frank Sayre or me . We are waiting to receive the underlying documentation from Caroline Abramo re eligibility , etc . Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
Tony: Attached are forms of resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage agreements , together with a form of authorized traders list . I don't know if Sara told you or not , but we typically require two signatories to open brokerage accounts . Presently , our resolutions reflect Cassandra Schultz , Vice President of Risk Assessment and Control Group , a Division of Enron Corp . as being authorized , however , we have just learned that she hasn't been officially elected to this office , so in the interim , we will have Rick Buy be our second signature . Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
Jim: Attached is the form of confidentiality agreement that Sara made reference to in her voice mail . Thanks ! Marie
I hope to have the signed guaranty today . All the Enron Corp . officers authorized to sign guaranties were out the latter part of last week , so the Legal Department was going to have to find someone today to sign the guaranties . As soon as I receive it , I will fax it to you and send the original , together with the other documents to you by overnight courier . Marie
Hi , Tanya ! Jay said that he has passed AK Steel along to you to look at . I told him that I thought things were passed down the chain , not up and he said that when you are as good as he his , they are passed up the chain . You may have something different to say about this . Anyway , Chris Motley at AK is calling checking on the status of the ISDA . We originally were going to have it signed , but when Samantha called Jay about initialling , he said Credit wanted to revisit the credit , so can you let me know the status so that I can tell Chris ? Thanks ! Marie
I was wondering who Miguel was and now I know .
In connection with Tana Jones' e-mail of July 12 , 2001 , I am attaching revised forms of the Credit Confidentiality Agreements for use in requesting financial statements from a counterparty . Please begin using the attached forms when preparing confidentiality agreements and please refer to Tana's e-mail regarding procedures for preparing and signing the agreements . If you have any questions , please do not hesitate to call me at x33907 .
Hi , Gordon ! Will you send us a copy of the termination when it is sent to Grupo MINSA ? Thanks ! Marie
Hi , Diane ! I just sent Gordon this e-mail asking him to send us a copy of the termination when sent to Grupo MINSA and received his "out of office" reply . Will you or whoever prepares the termination send a copy to me ? Thanks ! Marie
Just cc: us on the copy . Thanks !
My location is EB3803B , company number is 0413 , and cost center is 105657 .
Holly: I don't remember if I told you the specific date that my jury duty has been rescheduled to , but if not , it's now scheduled for Friday , September 28 . Thanks ! Marie
Hi , Candace: Yes , I have received the document and will do my best to get it signed today and returned to you by fax . Thanks ! Marie
Max: I will get the amendment to you today . Marie
Credit has been instructed that either Rick Buy or Bill can sign the CA's . Since these were strictly for financials ( and signed by Enron Corp.) , we weren't going to enter them into our database , but Kay Young is going to keep a copy in her files . Do you have any suggestions or comments otherwise ?
Max: Per our conversation , attached is the draft First Amendment to Master Agreement . If these changes are acceptable to the counterparty , they can either sign two originals and send to us for signature or , we can sign first and then forward to them . If they have any questions , they can call either Frank Sayre ( x57894 ) or me ( x33907) . Thanks ! Marie
Agustin: Per Francisco's request , I am attaching the clean and blacklined draft of the ISDA Master Agreement for Fersinsa . Let us know if you need anything else . Marie
Joe: Attached for your further handling is a "sample" confirm . Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
I'll take care of this . Sara and I were expecting these documents . Thanks ! Marie
Ms . Marquez: Attached are an original and blacklined copy of your form of guaranty , which reflect our comments . Please do not hesitate to contact either Francisco Pinto-Leite , Senior Counsel ( 713/345-7942; francisco.pinto.leite@enron.com ) or me with any questions or comments . Thank you for your assistance .
Mr . Boytinck: Pursuant to Jason Biever's request , I am attaching , for your review , a draft Master Agreement between Garden City Plaza Ltd . and Enron Canada Corp . Please do not hesitate to contact either Anne Koehler , Senior Counsel ( 713/853-3448; anne.koehler@enron.com ) or me with any questions or comments . We look forward to hearing your comments .
The ADM/Carr Futures Give-Up has been signed by fax and the ADM/Goldman Sachs & Co . Give-Up has also been signed by fax . The ADM/Goldman Sachs International Give-Up won't be signed until the GSI agreement that Sara is working on has been signed . Marie
Brant: Richard Friedman in Bill Berkeland's group would like to send a draft ISDA to Citgo Petroleum Corporation . According to Lotus Notes , we sent them a draft in July , 1997 . Will you prepare a worksheet and send to us so that we can send Citgo a current draft ? If you aren't the right credit contact , will you pass this e-mail along ? Thanks ! Marie
Richard: When I open your attachment , all that's there are characters that I can't decipher . Can you resend me the contact information for Citgo ? Thanks ! Marie
Hi , Gennaro ! I'm trying to pull all these documents together so that we can have them re-executed and I noticed that the Euroclear single Pledgor Pledge Agreement attached is not the same version we signed . The version we signed in RG500b(Pledgee's Representative version - 1998 Edition) . Do you have this version that you can send to me ? Thanks !
Laurel: Can you help me respond to Susan's e-mail ? I think her question is did the below transaction remain on ECT's US books or was it back to backed with the UK ? I think there is a tax question . Thanks ! Marie
No , I haven't heard anything and yes , I will let you know when I do .
Okey dokey .
Sheila: We prepared resolutions regarding the opening of brokerage agreements ( the ones dated 11/30/2000) , which authorized Cassandra to be a second signatory , however , the problem arose when we tried to get Kate Cole in the Corporate Secretary's office to certify a certificate of incumbency for Cassandra . Cassandra has never officially been elected to the office of Vice President of Risk Assessment and Control , a division of Enron Corp. , so as far as the corporate records are concerned , she is not officially a Vice President . This will be resolved at the Enron Corp . Board Meeting in August and her appointment will be retroactive to November 1 , 2000 . Until such time as this has occurred , she cannot be a second signature on our brokerage documents . Marie
Hi , Wendi ! Attached is a form of multiparty/multiproduct guaranty that we would like for a counterparty to provide to us . I checked with Tana and she said that this is the form we would use whether EOL or verbal transactions . Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
It's Rob Cass .
I'll take a look at it and run it by one of the other lawyers .
I checked and Sara sent a message to Credit on 3/26/01 but obviously has had no response . You may want to respond to Mr . Martin and let him know that Sara did receive his message and that we were waiting on our Credit Department to respond and we will send them ( Credit ) another reminder that we are waiting to hear from them .
Tanya: Sara received a request from FPL's outside counsel in March asking to execute an ISDA for the entity that trades for the non-regulated business units of the regulated entity , Florida Power & Light Co . He is offering the guaranty of FPL Group Capital Inc . Sara sent a copy of her Lotus Notes entry to you all asking someone to respond . Today , she received another e-mail re status ? Russell worked on the Florida Power & Light Co . master . Do you know who is or will be working on this , assuming it is something we want to do ? Thanks ! Marie
Kim: I have been asked by our corporate paralegal to assist him in cleaning up the ENA corporate database as those individuals who have been appointed agent and attorney-in-fact to sign confirmations in connection with financial transactions . Mary Cook has a copy of an e-mail in the file to Brenda Herod setting forth the procedures and telling her that you verify the requests and notify Legal of any changes . In this e-mail , apparently Brenda asked that Mike Moscoso's and Kristen Hanson's appointments be revoked and that Lisa McClendon be added . Will you let me know of any changes that should be made at this time ? Thanks ! Marie
I already did .
Thanks !
YES!!!! ! I have to get money .
No problem . I'll get them to you shortly .
Kim: We are in the process of cleaning this mess up . Sally Beck and Rogers Herndon are both given power of attorney to sign confirmations and they are both officers of ENA , so they can already sign documents . Go figure ! If it's not too much trouble for you to verify those who should be removed then I can double check against my list . I don't want to remove someone who should be left , nor do I want to leave someone on who should be removed . Thanks for your help . P.S . For timing purposes , we are shooting for Monday to finalize documentation .
Gordon: Attached for your further handling is a form of Deemed ISDA to be used in connection with Deal Nos . VC0552.1 , VC0552.5 , VD7864.3 , VG2227.3 , VM0077.1 and VM5200.2 . Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
Cindy: Attached are the certificates to be issued in connection with the Enron Corp . Guaranties in favor of Inland Paperboard and Packaging and Quark Power LLC . Both of these guaranties were signed by Mary Perkins on July 13 , 2001 . Please process the attached certificates as soon as possible , as we have already forwarded our documentation to the counterparties and the only remaining items to be delivered are the attached certificates . Thanks ! Marie
Mr . Boytinck: In connection with the execution of the referenced Master Agreement , I am attaching a form of certificate of incumbency to be completed and returned to us when the Master Agreement is signed . Thank you for your assistance and , please do not hesitate to contact me should you have any questions .
Hi , Veronica ! Attached are comments from Todd Perkins to the Georgia Power , Mississippi Power and Savannah Electric ISDA's . Once you have reviewed the credit comments , please let us have your responses . Thanks ! Marie
Kimberly: Attached is a blacklined draft of the confirmation marked to show the proposed changes that Frank Sayre and Mark Taylor made . If you have any questions , please call Frank at 57894 . Marie
Cindy: Attached is a memo requesting the referenced Enron Corp . Guaranty . Please call me when ready and I'll send someone to pick the documentation up . Thanks ! Marie
Shane: Attached for your further handling is our standard "sample" ISDA Master Agreement . Please don't hesitate to contact either Sara ( x35620 ) or me ( x33907 ) with any questions or comments . Marie
Thanks , Linda !
Gil: Attached is the form of Prime Broker Margin Account Agreement that Morgan Stanley has prepared for Enron's use . I am also attaching a form of authorized traders list for your use . Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
Jay: Here are the comments for Georgia Power , Mississippi Power and Savannah Electric that I forwarded to Veronica . Brent Hendry is the lawyer working on these files . Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
Jay: Here is the e-mail I received from SoCal . I haven't looked at their form , as I don't think we want to play the forms game with them . If you want me to , I'll touch base with her to see how she is coming with commenting on our form . Let me know . Marie
Joe Hunter said he sent an interoffice envelope sometime last week ( he doesn't remember who he sent it to ) containing copies of a confirm on the J Aron website , together with a copy of a Service Agreement . He needs to make a copy of the documents . Has anyone seen these documents ? If so , please let either Joe ( x33316 ) or me know . Thanks ! Marie
Cindy: Attached is an amendment to the Enron Corp . guaranty dated January 20 , 1994 in favor of Williams Energy Marketing and Trading Company , which guaranty has been amended from time to time . The attached amendment ( i ) adds Williams Energy Canada , Inc . as a beneficiary and increases the amount from $75MM to $100MM . I prepared this form off the April 17 , 2001 amendment form . Please process this amendment ASAP as a deal has been entered into that is conditioned upon us delivering this amendment . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks ! Marie
Cindy: Attached are a form of Enron Corp . guaranty in favor of Albchem Industries Ltd. , together with a form of Certificate of Incumbency . Please process the attached document as soon as possible and call me at x33907 for pickup . Thanks ! Marie
Mary: Attached is the status of my Canadian files: 1 . Albchem Industries Ltd . - sending for execution 2 . Garden City Plaza Ltd . - send to counterparty for execution on 7/26/01 3 . Canadian Hunter Resources - draft sent to counterparty on 7/27 . Marie
Don't we have our paralegal lunch today ?
Attached is the Annex B for Deal No . VM4903 . Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
Did you hear me ask and the response ? We are having the lunch today .
Hi , Robbi ! Can you give me a call ? 853-3907 . thanks ! Marie
Carol: Here is the latest EBS telecom master . Marie
Hi , Dan ! Just checking on the status of the documents I forwarded to you for execution . Thanks ! Marie
Cindy: Attached for your further handling are the form of Enron Corp . Guaranty in favor of Petro-Hunt LLC , together with the appropriate certificates required to be delivered in connection with the Guaranty . Please contact me at x33907 when the documentation is ready and I will arrange to have them picked up . Thanks ! Marie
Have a great weekend ! Does this mean you won't be sending us anymore worksheets today ?
Robbi: I left you a voice mail on Friday . I looked at the UEComm Master and had some comments--such as our name is wrong , the cross default threshold for us should be US $ and not AUD , and there were a few other questions I had . Marie
Reminder: Conference Call with ConEd at 1:00 today in Sara's office - EB3801A .
Nick: Attached for your further handling is the draft form Deemed ISDA between ENA and Ispat Mexicana S.A . de C.V . Please note that the economic provisions have been omitted . Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
Here's info on the Elliotts . Marie
Rebecca: I am attaching a clean and blacklined version of the proposed resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts . I have attempted to revise them to make them clearer . Perhaps Jim Armogida can assist in revising them as I am sure he is more familiar with the way Enron Corp . likes their resolutions drafted than we are . Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
Ms . Marquez: I am following up regarding the status of our comments to the form of guaranty for Pemex that you provided to Lucy Ortiz . Please do not hesitate to contact either Francisco Pinto-Leite or me with any questions or comments . We look forward to hearing your comments .
Tanya: I received this draft from Niagara Mohawk Marketing , Inc . for our review . Will you pass along to the appropriate person ? Thanks ! Marie
Yolanda: In connection with the execution of the ISDA Master Agreement with GAF Refining LLC , Section 3 requires that they provide the following documentation: 1 . IRS Form W-9 ( Request for Taxpayer Identification Number ) 2 . Certificate of Incumbency certifying ( i ) a true and correct copy of the certificate of organization or formation and operating agreement and ( ii ) the incumbency and specimen signature of the officer executing the ISDA on behalf of the sole member/manager of GAF Refining . 3 . Certificate of the Secretary/Assistant Secretary of GAF Refining certifying resolutions authorizing ( i ) the execution of the ISDA Master Agreement and ( ii ) the execution of energy price swap and option transactions . I am attaching forms of the certificates listed as items 2 and 3 above . If GAF needs the IRS W-9 , they can go to their website at www.irs.gov and download a copy . ENA will be providing a Certificate of Incumbency , certifying its articles of incorporation and bylaws and the incumbency and specimen signature of the officer executing the ISDA on behalf of ENA , together with a Certificate certifying resolutions as to its authority to enter into financial transactions and an IRS W-9 . Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
I finally remembered to send this to you .
Hi , Paul ! I am attaching clean and blacklined drafts of the Master Agreements for each of Catequil Partners , L.P . and Catequil Overseas Partners , Ltd . Please review and let us know of any changes we should make before sending them to Catequil . Thanks ! Marie
Pat: Attached for your further handling are a clean and blacklined draft of the Master Agreement between Enron Broadband Services Asia/Pacific Pte Ltd . and Uecomm Operations Pty Limited . I blacklined my draft against the draft that David prepared since I didn't have a clean copy of Uecomm's comments . Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
Pat: Attached for your further handling is the revised Master Agreement deleting the "eligible contract participant" rep . Marie
Tanya: I don't remember if I forwarded this on or not . When we receive counterparties' paper , should we forward on to you or would you prefer we send them to Jay or someone else ? Marie
I think it will be okay for them to sign . They will need to print and sign two originals and return both copies to you . Both David and John will need to initial before the agreements can be signed by an authorized officer . Additionally , our notice information will need to be completed . Once signed by Uecomm and returned to you , please let me know so that we can process the Enron Corp . guaranty or will David process it from your end ? Also , I don't know if you will keep the original in Australia or if it will come back to Houston . Robbi , do you know ? We can cross that bridge once it is fully executed . Hope this isn't too confusing ! Marie
Tracy: Can you send the latest long haul SLAs to Pat since I don't have access to them . If you're not sure which ones to send , check with Robbi . Thanks ! Marie
Okay .
I don't blame you . Obviously she's not dependable and her heart isn't in it , not to mention the fact that she doesn't know what she's doing and I don't think she wants to learn . That was pretty obvious when I was training her--she never seemed to be interested in the job , otherwise she would have tried to learn all she could and would have at least taken some pride in her work .
Celeste: I guess there's no credit ? Marie
I'm working on the guarantees now , so I should have the draft to a lawyer today .
Here it is .
Hi , Ken ! I just received a call from Chris Croom who wants to send an updated ISDA draft to Avery Dennison Corp . Can we use the same credit , or do you want to revise it ? He said he was going to meet with the counterparty on Tuesday , so I'm sure he either wants them to get the draft before then or he will take it with him . Thanks ! Marie
I don't know off the top of my head where they are ? Is there a blue file ? Do I have a memo in my memo directory where I sent them to Contract Admin ?
Wayne: I went to Tracy's office to help Cynthia look for the documents and Cynthia found them , so you should be getting copies shortly . Marie
Hi , Anna ! I apologize for not calling you today , but things got pretty hectic and I misplaced your message . Besides the termination of the Enron Corp . guaranty guaranteeing obligations of Enron North America Corp. , please provide me with a list of the corporate certificates you need . This will help me in having everything signed that you need . Thanks ! Marie
Tracy: Can you get Wayne copies of the Into Networks confirm and GTC ? They are in the blue Into file in your bottom file drawer . Thanks !
Mr . Lopez-Velarde: Pursuant to our conversation attached is the form of guaranty that one of our business groups would like to send to a Mexican counterparty . Francisco has asked if you would please revise the guaranty to provide for agent for service of process , submission to governing law in Texas and submission to jurisdiction in U.S . courts in Texas . It appears that the form includes submission to jurisdiction in Texas and I have included a provision regarding agent for service of process . As I stated , we would like to have these revisions as soon as possible this afternoon . Thank you for your assistance . Marie
Celeste: We are reviewing ISDA opinions to verify if a Hong Kong entity can enter into derivative transactions . Once we confirm that they can , we will send the form Deemed ISDA to you . Marie
Hi , Jay ! Just received a call from Adam at XTO Energy and he is going to be sending an e-mail with their comments to the ISDA . He said there were just a handful , but we'll see . I'll forward his e-mail to you when I receive it . Have a good weekend ! Marie
Here are XTO's comments . Please respond to those that are credit related , which appear to be most of them . Lucky you ! Thanks ! Marie
Hi , Joe: Tana said I should forward this e-mail to you and that you guys would prepare the assignment and send to us for review . Let me know if this is not the case . Please note that all of the deals , with the exception of the first one , are EOL deals . Thanks for your help . Marie
Attached for your further handling is the Annex B for the related transaction . Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
I'm preparing the Master Agreement for execution between Enron Broadband Services Asia/Pacific Pte Ltd . and the referenced counterparty . Please let me know the date of the earliest outstanding trade ( if any ) so that I can date my master agreement . Thanks ! Marie
Mr . Sill Pursuant to your request , attached is the execution copy of the Master Agreement between Enron Broadband Services Asia/Pacific Pte . Ltd . and Uecomm Operations Pty Limited . Please print two ( 2 ) copies of the document and have an authorized officer sign both copies on Page 6 of the agreement . When executed , please forward both original signed copies by overnight courier to Mr . David Minns at Level 21 , 9 Castlereagh St. , Sydney , NSW 2000 , Australia , Telephone No . ( 612 ) 9229 2310 I will process the Enron Corp . Guaranty and will forward it to you when completed . Thank you for your assistance and , should you have any questions , please do not hesitate to contact me .
Hi , David: As you can see , I have forwarded the master agreement to Mr . Sill for execution . When you receive the executed copies , please complete the notice information on the Schedule . I'm sure Pat can assist in the technical contacts if you aren't familiar with them . In addition , please initial both copies and have John Suttle initial both copies before they are signed by EBS Asia/Pacific Pte Ltd . Upon execution , please forward one fully signed copy to Mr . Sill and forward the other original copy to me in Houston . I am processing the original Enron Corp . guaranty and will forward it to Uecomm when I receive it back from Enron Corp . and receive confirmation from you that you have the master agreement as signed by Uecomm . Thanks for your help and let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
Will you e-mail me your form guaranty ? Thanks !
Hi , Cindy: I'm assisting EBS in some of their trading work for awhile , so this is why I am sending you the attached memo requesting an Enron Corp . Guaranty . Please let me know when the guaranty is ready and I'll arrange for pick-up . Thanks ! Marie
Hi , Nidia ! Per my voice mail , attached is the revised form of guaranty to add "Process Agent" section . Please send this revised form to the counterparty asking that they use this form rather than the form of guaranty you sent them on Friday . Let us know if you have any questions . Thanks ! Marie
Samantha: Here is an e-mail from Chris Croom forwarding a counterparty's form of Confidentiality Agreement . He is leaving town this afternoon to go meet with them , so he needs the CA ASAP . I think I would first check with Kay Young to see if we have a CA with them , and if so , is it still active . Maybe we can just work off that form since the counterparty has signed it before . Let me know if you have questions or need help . Thanks ! Marie
Hi , Gordon: We have received the draft ISDA Master Agreement back from Nemak , S.A . which they have executed . It appears to be in order , so I am in the process of preparing it for execution by us . The effective date on the agreement is July 30 , 2001 . We can confirm transactions with them under this Master Agreement . Once ENA has executed the document , I will send the general e-mail to everyone as usual . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks ! Marie
Thanks , that's nice to hear !
Hi , Tracy ! I couldn't remember if I was supposed to send you the final copy of the Schedule and Paragraph 13 or not , so what the heck , here they are ! Thanks ! Marie
Hi , Veronica ! Have you had a chance to review their comments ? Marie
Mark: I am attaching a revised list . I forgot to show EBS , not that is has created a significant amount of work . Thanks ! Marie
Did you get this ?
I will be out this Friday , August 17 .
KINDLY FIND ? There's nothing "Kindly" about 4 credit worksheets . In fact , we kindly reject them .
Will you gladly look at these four too ?
Per Legal/Credit meeting .
Ed: I just received these from Niagra Mohawk . I don't know if they are the same as the ones I sent to Tanya last week that she said she forwarded on to you to assign . Marie
Hi , Joe ! Per my voicemail , will you send me the two confirms for AIG Commodity Arbitrage Fund LP and AIG Commodity Arbitrage Fund Ltd . I need to make some changes to them . Thanks ! Marie
Hi , Angie ! I am just writing to check on the status of your review of the draft ISDA Master Agreement I forwarded to you . Will you please let me know when you anticipate sending your comments ? Thanks ! Marie
I don't have any exceptions . Thanks !
Thanks for your voicemail regarding CT Corporation . My fax number is ( 713 ) 646-3490 . When I receive the information , I will insert in into the ISDA Master Agreement and will return a fully executed copy to you . Again , thank you for your assistance and attention to this matter . Marie
Bob: Mark Taylor said I should forward this to you for review . If this is not the case , please let me know . Thanks ! Marie
Joe: Attached are the revised confirms for AIG Commodity Arbitrage Fund L.P . ( V41967.5 ) and AIG Commodity Arbitrage Fund Ltd . ( V41967.4) . Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
Alan: Francisco asked me to send you the revised guaranty form . Marie
Hi , Maribel: I don't know if you were copied on Tana Jones's e-mail , but Legal is preparing all confidentiality agreements once again , so instead of you having to prepare the agreement , if you will just provide us with the counterparty info ( name , address , contact , etc. ) we will prepare the CA , have initialled and forward to you for signature . Thanks ! Marie
Wendi: You don't believe everything Tana tells you , do you ? Haven't you realized she's just trying to get out of work ? At least now you know who really does the work in the Swap Group . We will prepare your CA for you ( since Tana won't) . Will you send Poli-Twine's address and fax number ? Thanks ! Marie
Not a thing !
Wendi: Attached for your further handling is the referenced CA . When you receive the signed document from Poli-Twine , please have it initialled by a lawyer before having Bill sign . Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
I'm okay .
Hallelujah ! Maybe now we won't go through as much paper as before .
Matt: Here is the proposed language re appointing agents and attorneys-in-fact to sign confirmations . We may need to run these by Mark Taylor for approval , as he approves the trading resolutions . We need to make the appointments effective as of 5/1/01 . Also , Bryan Burnett , Edward Ondarza and Stewart Seeligson are with EBS , so I don't know if they are still officers of ENA . Didn't Max Yzaguirre leave Enron altogether ? Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Thanks ! Marie
Joe: Attached are a clean and blacklined copy of the Partial Termination . We have revised it to reflect a "new" transaction rather than a "replacement" transaction , since the existing transaction is still in place . Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
Have you looked into the 4 Peoples-related worksheets that Rudwell sent us to verify if we want to go ahead and draft ISDAs to send to them ? Please let us know if we should go ahead and draft or not . Thanks ! Marie
Thanks ! If anyone should apologize for not responding in a timely fashion it should be me . I'll work on preparing these documents and should have something to you soon . Marie
Thank you for all your hard work . This is something that has needed to be done , but no one would take the initiative . Let's just hope all your hard work makes it to the datasheet . Thanks ! Marie
Carol: The only one I found in our database is SMBC Capital Markets . Sara was working on this back in 1998 for Enron Corp . Let me know if you need anything else . Marie
Adam: I have passed your comments along to our Credit Department and am waiting for a response . I will touch base with them . Hopefully we can wrap this up soon . Marie
Jay: I responded to Adam and told him that our Credit Department was reviewing the comments and that I would check on the status . Marie
Ms . Rosenthal: Sara Shackleton just left for vacation until after Labor Day , but asked me to respond to your e-mail regarding sending us your completed ISDA schedule . Our Credit Department has said that Enron Corp . will provide a parent guaranty for ECT Investments , Inc. , however , they would like for CSFB to also provide a guaranty since CSFB ( Europe ) is not a rated entity , or provide independent financial statements for CSFB ( Europe) . Our Credit Department did not provide us with a cap for the Enron Corp . guaranty . You can send your ISDA Schedule to my attention and we will proceed with reviewing same . Thank you .
Hi , Patrick: Can you provide me with the date for Deal No . VT2401.1 ? Thanks ! Marie
Hi , Robbi ! Thought I'd e-mail you rather than call and interrupt you . How are things going now that Lance and Carol are there ? Hopefully , better . Mark gave me my review Thursday and I kept a copy of it to show you . Kristina managed to get her digs in , but , fortunately , Mark saw right through them . Our contractor is going to start work on our house the week of Labor Day , so we are having to pack as much as we can to move upstairs . We thought it would be perfect if we could find fabric to recover our furniture so that maybe we could send it out while the construction is going on . If your offer's still good , we would like your assistance in looking for fabric . We were hoping to take a day off to look for fabric but didn't know how that would fit into your plans . Would you let me know ? Also , we need to schedule a lunch with Erica and Jane . What is best for you ? Talk to you later . Mare
Don't worry . That's why we're here--to keep you on your toes .
Susan: Sara received this e-mail from First Union regarding the ISDA with Enron Corp . Per Lotus Notes , you are working with Sara on this . Is this something you can handle , or should it wait until Sara returns ? Thanks ! Marie
Celeste: Are there deal terms that the lawyer can use to review the confirm ? If not , what are they specifically reviewing ? Thanks ! Marie
Robbi: Friday would be great for us , as long as it's not going to put you in a bind since you are trying to get out for vacation . Also , yes , I would like to look at your catalog . I'm so glad we're bosom buddies ! We will offer our painting services to you if you want to do a faux finish at your new home . Marie
I just received this e-mail from Todd Perkins at Southern Co .
Hi , Cindy: Enron Corp . executed a guaranty dated as of March 29 , 2001 in favor of The Bear Stearns Companies , et al , guaranteeing Enron Credit Inc.'s obligations under a Securities Loan Agreement and brokerage agreement that were originally executed by ENA and assigned to Enron Credit Inc . Andy Fastow signed this guaranty . Bear Stearns is now asking for certificates as to authority and incumbency , so I have prepared and attach them for processing . In addition , Enron Corp . executed a guaranty dated as of February 20 , 2001 in favor of The Bear Stearns Companies , et al , guaranteeing ENA's obligations under the Securities Loan Agreement and brokerage agreement that were subsequently assigned to Enron Credit Inc . We asked Bear Stearns to return the original Enron Corp . guaranty and apparently they have lost it . In this regard , I am attaching a form of termination for that guaranty . If it is in order , please process it for signature . Thanks for your help and if you have any questions or need anything else , please let me know . Marie
I don't think another e-mail would be rude . It's rude that she hasn't responded to our other requests . Do you want to send it or do you want me to . I'll be happy to . Marie
FYI . What's the big deal in CSFB not sending us their form of schedule until we send the form of Enron Corp . guaranty and said that ECT Investments will collateralize its trades ? Marie
Tanya: You'll love this . ALCOA has sent us an amendment to the ISDA ( that was signed 1/99 ) and wants to amend the "threshold amount" in Part 1 so that it corresponds to the current credit rating of the applicable party as indicated in Paragraph 13 . I think we are mixing apples and oranges ! Obviously they didn't understand the difference when they signed the ISDA in '99 . And it's the same lawyer sending the amendment who negotiated the master . Marie
Mr . Giordano: Attached are the final blacklined drafts of the ISDA Master Agreements for Catequil Overseas Partners Ltd . and Catequil Partners L.P. , which incorporate your comments sent to us on 8/22 . With respect to "Valuation and Timing" , we just inadvertently left that comment in , but have now deleted it . Please let us know if the final comments are acceptable to you and , if so , we will finalize copies for execution . Thanks !
Oops , sorry !
Thanks , Veronica . Brent Hendry is going to call you about Todd Perkins' e-mail . We don't want to enter into an ISDA with an agency arrangement as it poses problems as far as netting and other matters . Brent will call Todd and tell him that we will either enter into 6 separate masters or one master with Southern and then they can internally back to back trades . So , I would not do anything until Brent speaks with you and Todd . Marie
Oops , sorry ! Here they are ! Marie
Great ! Hopefully , we will be able to sign them up soon . Thanks ! Marie
We can look at your documents , however , we are unable to open the one you have sent previously . Will you resend them ? Thanks ! Marie
Great ! Hopefully we will be able to sign soon . Thanks ! Marie
Yes--I would like to see the signed copy before I send the Enron Corp . guaranty . My office location is EB3803B . thanks ! Marie
Bianca: We have a signed Master Agreement dated as of November 1 , 1994 between ECT and Transammonia , Inc . acting through its division , Trammochem . VX6259.1 can be confirmed under this master , therefore , you don't need anything from us . Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
Cindy: Has this guaranty been processed ? We've received the original signed master agreement from the counterparty and need to deliver the original Enron Corp . Guaranty . Thanks ! Marie
Thanks !
Lissa: Enron Corp . does not give unlimited guaranties . The amount will be determined by our Credit Department based upon the credit in your draft ISDA . Marie
Thanks . I was able to open them . Marie
I don't have it .
Veronica: Will you look at the "Transfer" section on Page 11 of the Schedule and let me know if you are okay with their change ? Thanks ! Marie
No . Thanks for asking .
You can go to the IRS website at www.irs.gov and download copies of the appropriate tax forms .
Yes , I got the copy . I will send you a copy of the guaranty when I receive it .
David: Your counterparty is being impossible . Please see their latest message below . They won't even send us their draft ISDA until we provide them with every little bit of info . This is only a draft , not the final one . It can and probably will be negotiated . Thanks ! Marie
Here it is !
Kim: Attached for your further handling are a clean and blacklined draft of the revised Schedule and Paragraph 13 for the City of Glendale . We will try to verify the outside counsel to use in connection with rendering the legal opinion so that we can begin that process . If we have any problems , it may have to wait until Sara Shackleton returns on 9/4 since she is more familiar with who we use and what the extent of the engagement will be . Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
Mr . Boytinck: I am sending this e-mail to check on the status of the Master Agreement for Garden City Plaza Ltd . that was forwarded to you for execution . It would be appreciated if you would let me know the status . Thank you !
Hi , Tracy ! I've never received the signature pages to the Allegheny ISDA initialled by you . Have you
Hi , Tracy ! I have never received the signature pages for the Allegheny ISDA . Have you sent them ? Mare
Boy , I'm REALLY mad at you ! Just kidding ! I thought you were just going to initial the signature pages and then we would get Kevin to sign it here . Since you're in town , I can run the originals down to you ( if you'll tell me where you are ) so that you can initial and then I can ask Kevin to sign . Thanks ! Marie
Tomorrow is fine .
I'll be ready and waiting !
Attached is the draft Deemed ISDA for the referenced counterparty . Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
Hi , Gordon ! This is a Chilean counterparty that Nidia Mendoza in Credit asked us to prepare a "sample" Deemed ISDA for . This is all I know , which probably isn't much . Marie
Please ignore my earlier e-mail forwarding the Deemed ISDA . Thanks ! Marie
Is John Suttle okay with our providing this guaranty and in this amount ? Also , are you signing a master agreement or a short form confirmation ? I don't know if we can get this guaranty on such short notice , but we'll try . Marie
I don't know what you told them , but it sure got them to respond .
Mr . Kohler: Just a follow-up to check on the status of the Master Agreement forwarded to you by our Calgary office for execution . Thanks !
Here are my exceptions: Thanks !
Tracy: Can you prepare this guaranty for Pat Leahy ? The EBS entity will be Enron Broadband Services Asia/Pacific Pte Ltd . As you can see from the e-mails below , they need this guaranty today . Thanks ! Marie
You barely escaped our wrath this time , but there's always the next !
We've had the lynch mob organized for some time now . We're just trying to use the "kinder and gentler" approach for now . But , if that doesn't work , look out !
Where were you yesterday ? You didn't stop by to initial Allegheny . Are you going to initial this before you go to London ?
We have received an executed financial Master Agreement . Type of Contract: Master Agreement ( Industrial ) Effective Date: August 2 , 2001 Enron Entity: Enron Canada Corp . Counterparty: Albchem Industries Ltd . Transactions Covered: Approved for natural gas and crude oil products . Not approved for pulp and paper , weather , foreign exchange , steel , interest rate and currency or forward rate . Confirming Entity: Enron Canada Corp . Governing Law: Province of Alberta
No , you can do power .
Yes
If you are still in Houston tomorrow and get the urge to initial the ISDA , please call Samantha Boyd at 39188 and she will be happy to either show you where they are or send them to you ( wherever you may be) . Thanks ! Marie
Yes .
I thought you were going to come by and initial the master agreement . I can't get it signed until you initial . Will you please initial the two pages I faxed to you on 8/13 and fax back to me ASAP so that I can have the agreement signed here in Houston ? Thanks .
Hi , Robbi ! Hope you are enjoying your time off . I know I certainly enjoyed Friday and Tuesday and hated to come back today . Anne and I went to the Decorative Center yesterday , and tried to check out some samples at Beacon Hill ( Robert Allen Fabrics ) and they couldn't find your account . Do you have an account there , or was I mistaken ? Anyway , I thought I'd e-mail you since I don't have your home number in case you were going to the Decorative Center later this week to see if you could check out some samples for us if you had time . At Beacon Hill ( Robert Allen): Pattern: Bearnson Color: Aged Gold Pattern: Scholtes Color: Cinnabar Pattern: McGeary Color: Citron At Brunschwig & Fils ( Gaston y Daniela): Pattern No.: 82315-198 Name: Chevron Woven Texture Color: Teja Name: Chevron Woven Texture Color: Verde Agua At Schumacher & Co . ( Greeff ) Pattern No.: 3185017 Name: Ephemera Color: Grass Pattern No.: 3185046 Name: Ephemera Color: Bittersweet Pattern No.: 3112096 Name: Alpine Color: Pumpkin If you don't go back to DC or have already gone , we can maybe find the Robert Allen samples at Expo . They sell his fabrics there . Thanks ! We really appreciate your help . Marie
Mike: We are still waiting on a credit worksheet from Credit . We can't proceed without a worksheet . Marie
Sara: Attached are copies of the confirms . I put a copy in each of the Citibank and Delta files . I don't remember there being a project name . Marie
I have received the executed certificates from Enron Corp . and will send to you via overnight courier . I will also include the Termination of the Gua|
Steve: I have sent the amendment to the Agency Agreement to Gary Hickerson for signature on behalf of ECT Investments , Inc . When executed , I will fax you a copy . How do you want to handle obtaining Michael Brown's signature ? Do you want me to send the original to you and you will coordinate getting his signature , or do you want me to send it to Michael directly ? I know Michael , so I don't have a problem with sending it directly to him , or I can certainly send it to someone in Legal in London to coordinate getting his signature . Please let me know how you want to handle this . In addition , I made a few minor changes to the amendment . ECT Investments' name is ECT Investments , Inc . with a comma between "Investments" and "Inc." . Also , Gary Hickerson is President of ECT Investments rather than Managing Director , and I also added his and Michael's middle initials . Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
Hi , Steve: What is your exact location so that hopefully , the document will reach you and not float around Enron House ? Thanks ! Marie
Okay . Do you want me to just walk down to your office ?
My heart skipped a beat when I read "Today is my last day..." . I thought you were leaving Enron . Thank goodness you are only moving to a different group . Congratulations and look forward to working with you in your new job ! Marie
Veronica: There shouldn't be a legal reason why we can't do this , however , we will need copies of all the Enron Corp . guaranties ( and any amendments thereto) , together with details of all contracts that will be covered . Also , has Oneok Energy Marketing and Trading Company , L.P . provided any incoming guaranties and , if so , do we want to consolidate those ? Marie
That's okay . I'll call you before I leave .
Sure , but we'll need the same info for them .
If you're scheduled for 9/4 , you've missed it , but I guess you really mean 9/11 . Don't you just love a smart aleck ?
Annabel: We have been waiting on you as per the attached e-mail from June 1 , 2001 . Please call Sara when you have reviewed the attached e-mail once again . Thanks ! Marie
Okay . I thought you already had an account with them . My mistake . Also , do you have an account with Kravet ? We found a piece of their fabric that we really liked . How was your vacation ? I'm sure you're glad to be back ! Marie
Karen: I will fax you a copy of the ISDA Master Agreement and First Amendment . Marie
Attached are a clean and blacklined version of P.M.I.'s Amendment Agreement with our changes noted . Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
Gordon: Attached are ( i ) Deemed ISDA for Nylon de Mexico , S.A . de C.V . - Deal No . V13764.3 and ( ii ) Deemed ISDA for Polykron , S.A . de C.V . - Deal No . V13764.4 . Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
OOPS ! Attached are the fax cover pages for each of the Nylon and Polykron Deemed ISDAs I just sent you . Marie
Molly: You might want to check with Robin Hill , since I don't know who is still there at EBS and who has left .
Sorry to hear about Dirk . I will certainly let you know if I hear of anything . We don't need any samples at Kravet--we have found a piece of their fabric that we are pretty sure we want to get . The contractor is starting work on our house Monday , so our fun will be beginning . Talk to you later . Marie
I have provided everyone with a copy of the self study guide "From Edison to Enron - an Evolution" .
Becky: I left early yesterday ( as did everyone else ) so I have no comments .
Mr . Cooper: Pursuant to Darren Vanek's request , I am forwarding a form of multi-product/multi-affiliate guaranty . Please do not hesitate to contact us with any questions .
Hi , Max ! Francisco Pinto-Leite asked me to forward this draft to you to review the additional credit terms . Please review the definition of "Independent Amount" on page 2 of Annex A and the definitions of "Base Volume" and "Incremental Volume" on pages 6 and 7 of Annex A and let us know if this is what you want , or please revise as you would like . Thanks ! Marie
FYI
Exception: 9/5 - Vacation thanks !
Cindy: Attached for your further handling are an Enron Corp . guaranty in favor of the The City of Glendale , together with related secretary's certificates . Please let me know when the documents have been signed and I'll arrange for pickup . Thanks ! Marie
I would like the Roasted Chicken Cobb Salad , with no eggs , if possible , and vinaigrette dressing . Oh , and extra sugar cookies , please ! Thanks ! Marie
This is pretty eerie !
Thanks for sending this . I just spoke with Randy Miller and told him that we probably wouldn't get it to him today , but we would certainly send it over on Monday morning . Samantha is working on it .
Thanks ! I'll use this one and delete the disclaimer .
Mark: Attached for your further handling is the draft Master Agreement between Enron Broadband Services , L.P . and Dynegy Europe . Please do not hesitate to contact either Robbi Rossi ( x57268 ) or Tracy Cooper ( x59534 ) with any questions or comments .
I have received Credit's comments and will try to turn around comments soon . Marie
Tanya and Paul: Linda Anderson in Financial Settlements faxed me a copy of a Certificate of Amalgamation evidencing the merger of Norske Skog Canada Limited and Pacifica Papers Inc . with Norske Skog Canada Limited being the surviving entity . You both worked on these files--Tanya , Pacifica Papers and Paul , Norske Skog . Are you all okay with this merger from the credit side ? Thanks ! Marie
Which Hess entity ?
Never mind ! Frank Sayre is looking at it .
Bianca: Samantha Boyd is working on this deal , so you may want to check with her . Marie
Paul: Let me know if you need anything else . Marie
Hi , Tanya ! Here is CSFB's draft Schedule and Paragraph 13 for Credit Suisse First Boston ( Europe) . We will do a comparison when we get a worksheet . Thanks ! Marie
What is your location and I'll have a "sample" sent to you . Marie
Hi , Georgi ! In light of the NYMEX being closed last week , the 5 paralegals are involved in a project right now that is taking up our extra time , so we don't know when we would be able to get to this project . Perhaps someone in your group could come to our area and copy these files . Just let us know who and when they will be coming and we will help them locate the documents . Thanks ! Marie
You can fax the guaranty to me ( 646-3490) . Marie
Veronica: FYI . Let me know what you want to do . Marie
Sounds good to me !
Mark: Attached is my work report . Marie
Eric and Russell: I spoke with Roeline Hudson at Torch just a few minutes ago . She is having a medical procedure today and probably won't be back in the office until Monday . She answered my question , so I will finalize drafts of the assignments and give them to one of the lawyers for review . The lawyer may want verification from Torch as to the appropriate entity that is the counterparty to the transactions being assigned ( specifically the Dynegy trades) , which evidence of authority Roeline will have to send when she returns to the office on Monday . Roeline stated that she has not received the additional documentation from UOM so she is not aware of any urgency in finalizing these assignments until all documentation has been delivered to us to finalize documents . We will want to see the additional documentation from UOM before we send the drafts out for review . Please let me know if you have any questions . Marie
I had a sneaking suspicion that it just might be you ! Will you send me your fax number ? Thanks !
I am preparing the information on the Company Account Application and have a question regarding the address section . I have completed the section regarding ECT Investment's "principal executive office" ( Houston address ) and would like to know how this differs , or if it differs , from the address of "registered office" . Would you explain the difference , if any ? Thank you .
Veronica: Can you provide me with a list of documents in place with Oneok ( other than the ISDA ) and the ENA entity and products covered under each agreement . I'm not familiar with the documentation that ENA Upstream , EES and EGLI would have in place with Oneok . Thanks ! Marie
See below
Whew!!! ! I had a hard time following such "proper" English !
Robbi: If you haven't found anyone else to go , I would like to go . Just let me know . Thanks ! Marie
( 713 ) 896-1673 . It doesn't matter to me if we eat before or go for coffee after . The only places I know to eat near the Wortham are at Bayou Place . I know there's Hard Rock Cafe , a barbecue place and I don't know what else is there . Let me know what you want to do . If we don't eat before , I guess we can meet at the bottom of the escalators at the theatre .
It would definitely be out of your way . I don't mind driving downtown , so why don't we just meet at the Wortham at about 7? . We have been parking in one of the outside lots off Smith right across from the side of the Wortham ( the Bank One Lot ) since the flood closed down so many of the underground garages .
Me too !
Ms . Navarro: Thank you for sending your comments to the guaranty . Please note our comments below .
Carol: I apologize for not getting back to you on Friday , but it was pretty hectic here . There are no special provisions for a German counterparty other than the tax reps . We do have a treaty with Germany . Let me know if you need anything else . Marie
Mr . Daborn: Would you please send me your delivery address so that I can send you the documentation requested in connection with the opening of ECT Investments' account with CSFB Europe ? Thank you !
Gordon: Attached is the revised Deemed ISDA for the referenced counterparty , changing the EBITDA/Interest Expense ratio . Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
Gordon: Have you received a W8BEN tax form and/or a legal opinion from Nemak ? They are supposed to deliver these to us in connection with the signed ISDA Master Agreement , but I haven't seen them and before I contact them , I thought I'd check just to make sure you didn't receive them . Thanks ! Marie
Thanks , Gordon . I'll send them a letter asking for these items . Thanks ! Marie
Celeste: You can use this ISDA to confirm your weather deal . Marie
We have credit sign off on all masters , amendments , assignments and terminations--any document where credit is involved . We don't have them initial the day to day confirms , but if there is a confirm with a lot of credit terms which may have been negotiated , then we'll have them initial those . Marie
Looks like we may have an agreed to guaranty from Pemex .
Hi , Diane ! Can you have someone in your group provide me with copies of the following confirms: If you will call when the copies are ready , I'll send one of our clerks down to pick them up . Thanks ! Marie
Veronica: Here's the Coastal States Trading , Inc.'s ISDA . Marie
Carol: Attached are the ENA/Enron Corp . certificates . I was just going to work off these forms when ( or if ) EBS ever executed an ISDA .
Do we know a counterparty name or do I have to look at all our files ?
I can't help this time . The only Enron Corp . guaranty we have was issued in connection with financial transactions only . Sorry .
Kim: Attached are the forms I mentioned . Let me know if they have any questions . Marie
Here is the tax i.d . number for ENA Upstream Company LLC: 76-0318139 . Let me know if you need anything else . Marie
Attached is Annex B to be attached to the confirms for Deal Nos . Y49003.1 and Y49036.1 . Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
I believe all deals going forward . Am I right , Max ?
Martha: Thanks for getting the changes to the form of guaranty approved . Will you please have the guaranty dated effective as of January 1 , 2001 ? Also , who will be the party signing the guaranty , and when can we expect to receive the signed guaranty ? In addition , when the guaranty has been signed on your part , will you please fax a copy to me at ( 713 ) 646-3490 ? Again , thank you for your assistance on this . Marie
FYI
Hi , Veronica ! I'm trying to clean some files off my desk and one of them is Bayer . Are you still going to revise the credit ? Thanks ! Marie
We have received an executed First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of September 21 , 2001 by and between Virginia Power Energy Marketing , Inc . and Enron North America Corp . This first amendment increases the collateral thresholds for both Party A and Party B . Copies will be distributed .
No exceptions . Thanks
I think I received this e-mail in error . I am in the Legal-financial trading group . Marie
Diane: We just sent drafts to Torch as they needed to send them to UOM , Dynegy and Sempra for review . When we get them signed , I'll distribute copies . Marie
Mark: I would like to schedule this Friday , 10/5 as a vacation day . Please let me know if this presents a problem . Thanks ! Marie
Hi , Georgi: We have an entry in our database that states that Energy West Incorporated did not change its name to Mercator Energy Incorporated . There are two companies with the same name and this one is not the one that changed its name . Our Energy West Incorporated is a Montana corporation . The one that changed its name is a Colorado corporation . Let me know if this is confusing . Marie
Hi , Diane: In your spare time ( HA ! HA! ) will you check and let me know the earliest outstanding trade dates for the following counterparties: Catequil Overseas Partners , Ltd . They are ready to sign the ISDAs . Thanks ! Marie
Hi , Todd: Believe it or not , I am working on our comments to the ISDA and hope to have them to you this week . If I see we won't get them to you this week , I'll let you know . Thanks ! Marie
Hi , Brian: The ISDA is being faxed to you now . Marie
Cindy: Attached are forms of Enron Corp . guaranties and related certificates to be issued in connection with ISDA Master Agreements between ENA and Catequil Partners , L.P . and ENA and Catequil Overseas Partners Ltd . Please let me know when the attached documents are ready and I'll arrange for pick up . Thanks ! Marie
Correct . I just left you a voice mail re the termination .
Do you want me to take a first stab at these two agreements ?
Attached is a copy of the transmittal letter forwarding the draft ISDA Master Agreement to Southern States . Marie
Rotation , please .
Mr . Guinn: Pursuant to Sara Shackleton's request , I am attaching for your review a proposed Second Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement amending the existing amendment to change the Part 4 section references . Please advise if the attached document is acceptable , and I will have two copies signed and forward to you for execution by Bank of America . Please do not hesitate to contact us with any questions or comments .
Diane , Tanya and Jay: We have been requested in connection with an SEC subpoena to produce documents related to the referenced counterparties ( including their parents , successors , subsidiaries , related corporations , partnerships or professional associations , affiliates , principals , officers , directors , general or limited partners , associates , employees , agents , and independent contractors) . We have checked our Lotus Notes database and don't have a record for either of these entities . Will you let me know if your groups have had any dealings with these two entities or know of a business person who has done business with either of these entities ? We MUST respond to Enron Corp . Legal by noon Thursday ( 10/4) . Thanks ! Marie
Hi , Russell: Attached for review is the draft of the proposed fee letter in connection with the Torch deals . Let me know if you have any questions or comments . Thanks ! Marie
Do you want to send it to Roeline or do you want me to ?
Thanks , Diane !
Okay with me !
Hi , Roeline ! Attached for your review is a draft of the proposed fee letter in connection with the assignments and terminations . Please let me know if you have any comments . Our Confirmation Desk is in the process of revising the termination of ENA Deal No . NL0619.1 to delete the fee reference , and I will forward it to you when ready . Please let me know when you have signoff on the other documents and I will finalize and have executed by ENA and forward to you . Thanks ! Marie
FYI
Linda: Will you follow-up with Tanya in Credit as to exactly what type of documents you need copies of , or arrange for someone to go and look through her files ? Tanya's phone # is 33263 . Thanks ! Marie
She was going to revise the termination and bring it to me , but I haven't gotten it yet . Marie
FYI
Tom: You can only see the master agreement database . The brokerage agreement database is separate and cannot be viewed by anyone outside Legal . The Bear Stearns agreement you see listed is there in error . It should be in the brokerage agreement database . We do have listings for Morgan and Goldman . Sara wasn't aware that you couldn't see this database when you spoke , Marie
You should have received a fax from me by now . Have you not received it ?
Yes .
Hi , Roeline ! I'm sending the original revised Termination Agreement over to you this afternoon . Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
Yea , and it needs to stop right now !
Legal has been asked to review and approve all confirmation templates currently being used . We would like to schedule a meeting to discuss the materials we will need for this review . Will you advise me of your availability in the next few days so that we can schedule a meeting ? ( Diane , I realize we will have to work around the one hour time difference between Houston and Calgary. ) Thanks ! Marie
Hi , Roeline: We would prefer to sign the fee letter at the same time we sign the assignments . Yes , we will sign enough originals of all documents so that all parties can have an original . Hopefully we can get this wrapped up tomorrow , as I will be out of the office Friday . Marie
Barbara and Anne: Below is an e-mail I sent to schedule a meeting with the confirm desks to discuss the materials we will need in order to start the review of the confirm templates . Do you want to attend ? If so , I will notify you once I hear from everyone else as to their availability so that we can schedule a meeting that we all can attend . Thanks ! Marie
Okay . Why don't you let me know on Monday your availability for next week . Thanks ! Marie
Hi , Dianne: Thanks for responding so quickly . It seems that we will be scheduling the meeting for next week . Are you available then ? Marie
This is an easy one . 1400 Smith , EB3803B . Thanks ! Marie
Diane: I hate to bother you since you're busy , but will you sign one more original of each of the two Torch termination agreements for me ? Torch wants a copy with original signatures for their file , so in order for us to have an original with their signature , we need to have two originals signed . When they're ready , if you'll call me , I'll send a clerk down to get them . Thanks ! Marie
What about next week ? Diane asked if we could schedule for next week as she is swamped and short-handed this week . Marie
You're the best ! Thanks !
FYI . We received this worksheet from Aparna for a trade with Interstate Resources , Inc . and Subsidiaries ?
Do you have a fax/phone number for Eric Twombly ? Thanks ! Marie
Mr . Smith: Pursuant to Wendi LeBrocq's request , I am attaching a draft Confidentiality Agreement between Enron North America Corp . and Sunlaw Energy Corporation . Please let me know if you have any questions or comments . If the attached is acceptable , we will prepare two original copies , signed by Enron North America Corp . and forward to you for execution . Thank you for your assistance .
Sara: I do not see a copy of an opinion in the file nor have we received one since I sent the execution copies of the ISDA to Steve Lins . Marie
Yes . I do have a meeting at 10 this morning , but should be out around 11 . Just let me know .
I did the comparison and gave it to Mary to review . Credit is deciding what to do in light of the problems with the airlines .
Matt: Attached for your further handling is the form of guaranty to be issued by Commercial Metals Co . in favor of ENA , guaranteeing obligations of SMI . Please note that Commercial Metals needs to complete SMI's correct legal name . Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
This has sound to it .
We would like to schedule a meeting for Wednesday , October 10 from 2:00 to 3:00 in EB38C2 to discuss the materials Legal will need in connection with its review and approval of all confirmation templates currently being used . Please let me know if you will be able to attend . Thanks ! Marie Dianne S . We will conference you in .
We have a scheduling conflict with our conference rooms . Is everyone available from 9:00-10:00 Wednesday , October 10 ? Same conference room . Sorry ! Marie
So what was her beef if the copies were for our people ?
Oh , please ! The exhibits should have been organized and conformed prior to execution .
Hi , Derek ! Any word on where we stand on this master agreement ? Hope all is well . Marie
Another follow-up message re status of execution of master agreement . Please advise . Thanks !
Hi , Tracy ! Where do we stand on Allegheny ? We really would like to finalize this master ASAP . Thanks ! Marie
Donna: I checked the corporate database and Rick is a Vice President of RAC . Do we want to prepare new board resolutions authorizing him as a second signatory on the brokerage agreements for ENA , ECT Investments and Enron Credit Inc. ? Marie
We don't have to wait until the board meeting . We do a unanimous written consent and circulate among the directors for signature .
I never received a response to my 9/17 e-mail to you re this amalgamation . Are there any credit issues with respect to this amalgamation ? Thanks ! Marie
The meeting is scheduled for tomorrow from 9-10 in EB38C2 .
Ms . Lemont: It is our understanding that in connection with the opening of the referenced account , Bear Stearns has agreed to allow ECT Europe to sign the same form of Institutional Account Agreement that Enron Credit Inc . signed in April , 2001 . Please forward execution copies of such agreement to us and we will obtain execution on behalf of ECT Europe . Additionally , we are in the process of adopting resolutions on behalf of ECT Europe allowing for the opening of brokerage accounts . Will Bear Stearns be able to open the ECT Europe account prior to receiving the corporate documentation ?
We have been advised by Mary Kay Lemont that Bear Stearns will not open this new account until they have all corporate documentation in place . ECT Europe Finance , Inc . does not have resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts , so we are currently preparing corporate resolutions to circulate for signature . Will the authorized traders in this account be those authorized to trade on Enron Credit's behalf ? If so , will you provide me with a current list ? Additionally , is this the only position that will be in this account ? Thanks ! Marie
Arthur has surfaced ! But why he's plodding through it is beyond me . He said he was ready to sign so that's why we sent execution copies . Obviously he hadn't even reviewed the draft . Go figure ! Marie
Sooner than January ? I'll let you know if I hear of anything . I'm sure Mark H . is planning on you just integrating into ENA's legal group .
Susan: Jorge Garcia on the interest rate and currency desk forwarded this e-mail to me requesting certain RMT masters . Thanks ! Marie
Susan: I think this is yours . Thanks !
Mr . Guinn: I have the Second Amendment signed by Enron North America and evidently deleted your e-mail regarding who I should send copies to for execution ? Will you please provide me once again with this information ? Thanks !
Jeff: I have the documents ready to be signed in connection with opening the referenced account . Can you assist me in getting them signed ? The officers who can sign are: Any one of: Mark Frevert Ben Glisan John Sherriff together with any one of: Rick Buy Rick Carson Since we don't know the ins and outs as to why we are opening this account for this entity , Sara suggested that you or someone in your shop contact one of the officers from each group to explain the account and ask them to sign the documents . Once you have determined who will sign , let me know and I'll take care of routing them for signature and getting them to Bear Stearns . Thanks for your help ! Marie
Mary Kay: I am routing the documents for signature now . Will fax them to you when siMarie
Gordon: Attached is the Deemed ISDA for the referenced transaction , together with a fax cover page . Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
Mary Kay: I am faxing to you this morning those documents that we have signed so far . Will you send me your physical delivery address so that I can send the originals to you ? Thanks ! Marie
Exceptions: Vacation Day - 10/5 . Thanks !
Yes . They are sending their originals to us so that we can put them all together and distribute .
Tanya: Will you provide me with a definition of "Capital Reserves" which you used in the CSFB ( Europe ) worksheet ? Thanks ! Marie
Rebecca: Attached is the Annex B for Deal No . YA2985.1 . Please attach Annex A , Annex B and the Canadian Annex , since this is a cross border transaction . Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
I had no interaction with her , so can't comment .
YUK !
Cindy: Attached is a form of Enron Corp . guaranty that we are required to deliver in connection with a confirmation . Please process this guaranty by the end of day tomorrow , as I must overnight it to the counterparty . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks ! Marie
Cindy: Mary Perkins executed an amendment to the Enron Corp . Guaranty in favor of Bear Stearns , et al on May 15 , 2001 . The original guaranty guaranteed obligations of Enron Credit Inc . under a brokerage arrangement . Bear Stearns has requested a certificate of incumbency with Mary's specimen signature . I have prepared and am attaching such certificate . If acceptable , please have Mary sign and Kate ( or another asst . secretary ) certify . Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Thanks ! Marie
Laurel and Jorge: Attached is the form of confirmation for Credit Suisse First Boston London Branch . ENA is the confirming party and calculation agent . Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
I am finalizing the documentation for Jeff's signature now . The resolution ( Jeff does not sign ) will have to follow . Please provide me with the contact information so that I can forward the documents to CSFB ( phone , fax and courier delivery address) . Marie
I am having it looked at and will
I am having it looked at and will send it down this afternoon .
Gordon: Here is the revised Deemed ISDA . Let me know if you need anything else . Marie
Hi , Robbi ! How are things going ? Any more news ? We have finally decided on our fabric and the amount of yardage . What's the next step ? Thanks ! Marie
Hi , Roeline ! Just checking on the status of the original assignments I forwarded to you for execution . Have you received them back from UOM , Dynegy and Sempra ? If so , will you send me an original of each for my files ? Hope all is going well and that you have a great weekend . Marie
Hi , Sheila ! Can you verify for us the account numbers at both Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley that we need to assign back into ? Thanks ! Marie
We have received the following executed assignments: 1 . Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated as of September 28 , 2001 among Johns Manville Corporation and Johns Manville International , Inc . and ENA , whereby Johns Manville Corporation assigned Deal No . VH0047.1 to Johns Manville International , Inc . 2 . Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated as of September 28 , 2001 among Johns Manville International Group , Inc . and Johns Manville International , Inc . and ENA , whereby Johns Manville International Group , Inc . assigned Deal No . QP0373.1 to Johns Manville International , Inc . Copies will be distributed .
Okay , here goes ! Robert Allen Pattern: Bearnson Color: Aged Gold Price: $65.90 Yardage: 17 yards Pattern: Scholtes Color: Cinnabar Price: $80.50 Yardage: 18 yards Pattern: McGeary Color: Citron Price: $59.50 Yardage: 3-1/2 yards Pattern: Jungle Rhythm - we saw this at Expo and didn't know if we could order it here Color: Cinnabar Price: $77.50 ( at Expo ) Yardage: 1 yard Schumacher Pattern: 184180 Name: Dior Toile Color: Onyx Price: $50.00 Yardage: 4 yards Pattern: 17392 - Shown Railroaded Color: 30 Price: $69.80 ( at Expo ) Yardage: 8-1/2 yards The shipping address would be: 8027 Oakwood Trace Houston , Texas 77002 Will there be a problem ordering this much fabric ? Also , will you know the amount of shipping , etc . charges so that we can pay for it up front ? I'll have to have my accountant ( Anne ) write a check or whatever method is needed . Again , thanks so much for your help . We really appreciate it ! Marie
Oops , forgot about lunch . I'm available Monday or Tuesday . Just let me know if either works for you . Marie
Ed: Attached are AES's comments to our draft ISDA . Please respond to those which are credit related . Thanks ! Marie
No , you can send them all together . I was just trying to clean some stacks of paper off my desk and realized that I hadn't received the originals . Thanks for your further assistance on this . Marie
Richard: Credit is not throwing you off . They did send a revised worksheet . I turned around comments and they have been reviewed by a lawyer . I am working on finalizing our comments to send back to AA today . Marie
Todd: At last , I am attaching our response to your comments of 7/19/01 , together with a clean and blacklined draft of the ISDA Master Agreement for Georgia Power Company . Please note that these same comments will apply for Savannah Electric and Mississippi Power with the exceptions set forth in our response . Please let us know if you have any questions or additional comments . We look forward to hearing your comments . Marie
Richard: As you can see below , I just replied to Mark instead of forwarding to you . Credit is not throwing you off . They did send a revised worksheet . I have turned around comments and they have been reviewed by a lawyer . I have completed finalizing the comments , but since AA sent their agreement in pdf ( which cannot be edited) , I have had to turn around a hard copy of our comments . Can you give me a physical address where I can overnight our comments ? Thanks ! Marie
Richard: Thanks for the info . I'll send it overnight to her and will copy you on my correspondence ( with a copy of our comments) . Marie
The one from Tana is a picture , but if you scroll down further , I think it is the Bin Laden song , so there is sound with that one . I also sent it home in case you can't open it or want to listen at home .
The first one is a picture , but if you scroll down it should be the Bin Laden song , so there's sound .
I don't know . Which entity did the weather trade ?
Sounds great ! Sorry we won't be able to help move , unpack , babysit ( or should I say "queensit" ) but unfortunately we'll be celebrating Anne's birthday ( no , not her 34th! ) the same day ! Hopefully we'll make it up your way next year to visit and most importantly , meet "The Queen" . Love , Marie
Here is the executed masters list . We will try to get you guys on the distribution list , but if we can't we'll just forward the e-mail to you . Is there anyone else in your group we should add to the list ? Marie
That's fine . They probably want the original . Marie
I don't know who Debbie Nicholls is either .
I did and she did .
Hi , Roeline ! Eric faxed me a copy of the assignment and new confirmation signed by Sempra but I have not seen the originals . Marie
We have received a certificate of amalgamation evidencing the merger of Pacifica Papers Inc . with and into Norske Skog Canada Limited , with Norske Skog Canada Limited being the surviving entity . I have received verification from Credit that they are okay with this amalgamation . I will forward a copy of the documentation to Global Counterparty . Marie
Cheryl: We have received a certificate of amalgamation evidencing the amalgamation of Pacifica Papers Inc . with and into Norske Skog Canada Limited with Norske Skog Canada Limited being the surviving entity . Credit is aware of this and has no problems . I will forward copies of the documentation to you . Let me know if you have any questions . Marie
I wish I could , but I have a paralegal lunch today .
Cindy: Attached are a form of Enron Corp . guaranty and certificate of incumbency to be executed in connection with an ISDA Master Agreement with Pursue Energy Corporation . Please call me when the guaranty is ready and I'll arrange for pickup . Thanks ! Marie
This is cute .
Yes , please . Also , please add taxes . We certainly don't want to do anything that will mess his records up since you all are so kind to do this . Do you want us to pay in advance ? That won't be a problem either . Thanks ! Marie
Well , I guess that's why they get to have such nice , pretty stores . What's Eric doing up here meeting with the attorneys ? Also , Jane said that Mary Nell and Peter were given packages ? Is this true ?
Do we have a conflict ? The CA will be to obtain financials . Thanks ! Marie
Glad you enjoyed them !
I bet Mary Nell was made that they wouldn't let her come back to Houston . I haven't heard anything . I know that several of our lawyers and Carol have been meeting to finalize a Master Netting agreement . There are some issues with the master netting agreement and some of the big financing transactions . Maybe that's what they are working on . If I hear anything , I'll let you know .
That makes sense since we have that SEC inquiry going on .
My sentiments exactly !
Did I send this to you already ?
Gordon: Attached is the Deemed ISDA for the referenced deal , together with a fax cover sheet . Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
Oh , my gosh ! Thanks . I'll resend it .
Charlie: Attached for your further handling are drafts of the First Amendment to Master Agreement , together with a First Amendment to Guaranty in connection with the ENA/3TEC master agreement . Please note that in addition to amending certain credit provisions , we are also amending the current setoff provision and also adding a provision regarding "severability" . If the attached drafts are acceptable , please let me know and I'll process for execution . Marie
Please be advised that Sara has approved and Bill Bradford as signed , on behalf of ENA , the following documentation: 1 . Fourth Amendment to Master Energy Price Swap Agreement between ENA and Morgan Stanley Capital Group , Inc.; 2 . Amendment Agreement between ENA and The Chase Manhattan Bank; and 3 . Derivatives Novation Letter among Deutsche Bank AG , Bankers Trust Company and ENA . Originals of the above documents have been forwarded to the respective counterparties for execution .
Tom: We have our own form of corporate resolutions . It was being circulated for signature by the directors and I just received it back today . I told Kelly Keneally when I sent the documentation to her that we were in the process of routing this for signature and that I would send her a certificate certifying these resolutions when completed . Marie
Hi , Matt ! How's the new job going ? Things are so crazy here , it's unbelievable ! My e-mail where you forwarded the proposed resolutions to me was automatically deleted . Can you send it to me again , or tell me where I can find the documents ? Thanks ! Marie
Mary: Pursuant to Sara's request , I am attaching a list of the brokerage agreements and other documentation we either currently have in place or are negotiating with Goldman , Sachs et al . Please let us know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
Mary Cook has requested that you attend a meeting tomorrow morning ( Tuesday , October 30 ) from 10:00 to 11:00 in EB38C2 to discuss master netting agreements . The directive Mary has presently been given is that we will be preparing various master netting agreements and she would like to solicit as much additional help as she can . If the directive changes before the meeting tomorrow , we will advise everyone . Please review the below attachments prior to the meeting if your schedule allows . Thanks ! Marie
Here are the guidelines for an ECP . Hope this helps . If not , let me know . Is there supposed to be bad news coming ?
Cindy: This is the guaranty I spoke with Clement about . It MUST be signed either this afternoon or first thing tomorrow morning . It is our standard guaranty except that it is multiparty/multiproduct . Please call me when it's ready and I'll send someone to pick it up . Thanks ! Marie
Mr . Dixon: Pursuant to Carol St . Clair's request , I am attaching our preliminary list of the agreements to be under the BP Master Netting Agreement . Since we don't own 100% of EOTT , any master netting agreement involving EOTT will not be under this master netting agreement . Please let us know if you have any questions or need anything else .
Just a reminder not to use the form Master Netting Agreement that was attached to the e-mail notification sent yesterday . You will be receiving a new form later today . Thanks ! Marie
Yes . Carol just left a voice mail that Jay Williams ( x53923 ) will be our credit contact . I am just gathering the last documents for FPL and Florida Power & Light and will be bringing them around to you shortly . Here is the issues list . Let me know if you need anything else . Marie
Debra: Please verify that Mr . Dixon's facts are accurate . Thanks ! Marie
It appears our physical gas documents were assigned from Vastar to Southern .
Pursuant to your request , attached are the documents distributed for the meeting this morning . In addition , here are the list of counterparties and assignments so far: Reliant Energy - Leslie Hansen - ( 713 ) 853-6121 FPL Energy Marketing - Steve Van Hooser - ( 713 ) 853-7238 Florida Power & Light - Steve Van Hooser Morgan - Angela Davis ( 713 ) 345-8347 As we have additional assignments , I will send them on to you . Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else .
Please be advised that Jay Williams will be our credit contact for all master netting agreement credit terms . Jay will also provide us with all counterparty names and maintain the list of agreements . Jay's phone number is ( 713 ) 345-3923 and , for e-mail purposes , he is listed as Williams , Jason R . ( Credit) .
Mary: Here is the group list I created . Let me know when you have a second and we'll put it ( or attempt to ) in your contact file . Marie
We are coordinating a project regarding the preparation of various master netting agreements . This is a very time sensitive project and we are trying to solicit as much help as we can . Please attend a meeting this afternoon at 4:30 in EB38C2 to help us coordinate this effort .
Jay: Please add AEP to your list of counterparties for master netting agreements . If at all possible , can you provide us with the names of all related entities and contracts for those counterparties we gave you awhile ago as soon as possible so that we can begin pulling contracts ? Thanks ! Marie
Attached is the current list of master netting agreement assignments . We will circulate a revised list periodically .
Darren: These are the entities BP has on its MNA: Vastar Resources , Inc. , acting through BP Energy Company , agent Cibola Energy Services Corporation IGI Resources , Inc . BP Products North America Inc . BP North American Petroleum , a division of BP North America Inc . THANKS!!!!!!!!! ! Marie
Sure , once we figure it out , I'll let you know .
Whatever , Steve's working on them . It is J . P . Morgan but we also have Morgan Stanley . Confused ? We are .
Kate and Teresa: We are working on a time sensitive project and ask that you assist us in determining the names of various Enron entities by doing an historical analysis or whatever means you use . The entities I need info on are: Enron Gas Processing Company Enron Gas Marketing Canada Enron Oil Canada Ltd . Enron Oil Corporation Are these prior names of current Enron entities , are they existing entities , etc. ? Please call me if you need any additional info or if my request is confusing . Thanks for your help ! Marie
Please see Elizabeth's e-mail below .
THANKS!!!!!!!! !
Also , if you have any gas contracts with Castrol Industrial North America , Inc . If there are only confirmations for both , please send me a copy of the confirm with GTC's . These documents are needed ASAP . Thanks ! Marie
Morris: So far these are the ones we know involve Enron Canada Corp . Dynegy Canada Inc . El Paso Merchant Energy Canada Inc . El Paso Merchant Energy , L.P . BP Canada Energy Company Let me know if you need anything else . Marie
Please add the referenced counterparty for your conflicts check . Thank you .
Attached is an updated list of master netting assignments .
We will get you documents .
Kate: Can you do an historical analysis for Enron Marketing Services Inc . and Enron Oil Trading & Transportation ? Thanks ! Marie
Cheryl: Can you respond to Tom Spencer ? Thanks ! Marie
Enron Marketing Services , Inc . was dissolvewd 6/25/97 Enron Oil Trading & Transportation Company is a former name of EOTT Energy Corp. , which merged out of existence . Hope this helps .
Morris: Mirant has documents with ECC . Thanks ! Marie
Attached is the updated list .
Per Ed Sacks' request , I am attaching a copy of our form Master Netting , Setoff and Security Agreement and Collateral Annex .
Peter: Per my fax , attached is the final form of the BP Amoco Master Netting Agreement . If acceptable , please have the signature page signed on behalf of ECC and fax to me ASAP . I am routing originals for signature here and will forward to you for signature . Thanks ! Marie
Yes . Their lawyer .
You're already down .
Tanya: Can someone in your shop get us copies of the guaranties ? I pulled the one in our ISDA file and the amounts don't match , so I don't know if there have been any amendments or not . If you can't find someone to pull these , let me know and I'll come down and get them . Also , Livelink doesn't show a power master with Coral Power LLC , but I have someone checking on this . Thanks ! Marie
Can you get me copies of these ? Thanks ! Marie
Can you get me copies of these ? Thanks ! Marie
Hi , Sharon: Can you fax me a copy of the Master Firm Gas Purchase/Sale Agreement dated effective as of September 15 , 1999 between ECC and Reliant Energy Services , Inc. ? Thanks ! Marie
Thanks , Karen . I think I have what I need on this counterparty , however , there may be others . Thanks for your help ! Marie
Thanks , Sharon . I'll get the ISDA here . Marie
Thanks , that's awfully sweet , but you don't have to do it . But if you insist , Monday will be fine . Thanks ! Marie
Mr . Spencer: I asked Cheryl Nelson , the attorney working with me on this file to give you an update as to the status of the ISDA , and I am not sure if she responded or not . Cheryl is out of the office for the next week and the attorney who will be covering for her is out of the office today . I will check with him Monday as to the status and let you know . Sorry for the delay in responding .
Hi , Lech ! My understanding is that you all will be handling the filings . It's been so long since I've done UCC filings that I'm not sure I would even remember what to do . Thanks ! Marie
Brian: Here are the counterparties we have financial masters with: Calpine Energy Services , L.P . Constellation Power Source , Inc . Baltimore Gas and Electric Company Transcanada Energy Financial Products Limited Sempra Energy Trading Corp . San Diego Gas & Electric Company J . Aron & Company Goldman Sachs Capital Markets , L.P . Goldman Sachs International Conectiv Energy Supply , Inc . PSEG Energy Resources & Trade LLC CMS Marketing , Services and Trading Company Louis Dreyfus Natural Gas Corp . Louis Dreyfus Energy Services L.P . Louis Dreyfus Corporation Engage Energy Canada L.P . Engage Energy America LLC PanCanadian Petroleum Limited PanCanadian Energy Services Inc . Canadian Natural Resources Marie
Yes . Are you back on 28 or are you in your office on 45 ?
Deb and Mary: Attached for your assistance in ordering lien searches is a list I have prepared noting the various entities we think will be parties to the various master netting agreements . I'll let you know if any or added or deleted . Thanks for your help ! Marie
Yes , we do want to exchange originals . My originals are in our Calgary office getting original signatures . I will send one copy to you when I receive them back . Should probably be tomorrow or Wednesday . Thanks ! Marie
Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else .
Thanks . Russ Cavanaugh did send me a copy of an agreement with Castrol that I passed along to the attorney .
Billy: All are Delaware with the exception of: LOA , Inc . -- Texas Enron Canada Corp . -- Province of Alberta Marie
Lech: I will ask the attorneys to forward you their initial draft of the Master Netting Agreement and then to send you the final draft . I will fax you a copy of the final BP Amoco agreement , together with the states of incorporation for each of the BP entities . Let me know if you need anything else . Marie
In order for Cadwalader to be in a position to order lien searches , please e-mail Lech Kalembka ( Lech.Kalembka@cwt.com ) the initial draft of your Master Netting Agreement(s) . When your agreement is finalized , please e-mail Lech a copy of the final draft so that he can prepare the financing statement filings . Thanks ! Marie
Hi , Robbi ! How are things up your way ? It's incredibly busy here--entering into numerous master netting agreements . Hope things quiet down soon . I can't take much more of this turmoil ! Anne got her fabric from Schumacher Saturday . Do you have an invoice or will you let us know the total when you get one ? There wasn't an invoice included in the package . The toile is so pretty . Thanks ! Marie
Barbara: I left Jay Williams in Credit a voice mail earlier re getting me a list of entities for Duke , J . P . Morgan , Goldman , Sachs and Williams . I just spoke with him and he is working on the lists , so as soon as I get the names from him , I'll update my list and send to you and Leslie . Marie
Barbara: I have Williams ( called Leslie and gave them to her) . Jay Williams in Credit is working on J.P . Morgan and Bill Bradford is working on Duke . Leslie said she has already pulled Goldman and J . Aron . It looks like we should have them soon . Marie
Yes .
Right now Goldman and J Aron is unassigned , but the Goldman lawyer will be speaking to Carol re their comments to the form master netting agreement , so probably Carol will be assigned to Goldman .
Lech: I just spoke with Elizabeth Sager and she said there was no need to order lien searches for AEP as the contract expires in March , 2002 . Marie
Barbara: I just called and gave Leslie the Duke entities . The only one left is J.P . Morgan/Chase . When I get these , I'll send you and Leslie an updated list of entities . Marie
Updated list of master netting agreement assignments .
Barbara and Leslie: Attached is the updated list of master netting counterparties . Jay Williams in Credit is working on J.P . Morgan/Chase . Let me know if you need anything else . Marie
Yes .
We just received comments to our form from Goldman and here are the names they included ( excluding UK): J . Aron & Company Goldman Sachs Capital Markets , L.P .
Here is an updated list of master netting counterparties . Let me know if you need anything else . Marie
I sure will if you will tell me the principal place of business of all your entities party to the Master Netting Agreement . Enron Canada Corp . Calgary , Alberta T2P 4H2
Hi , Sharon ! It's me again . Can you get me a copy of the master physical agreement for Duke Energy Marketing L.P. ? It appears from the list below that this the only Canada master I need . I have the ISDA . Thanks ! Marie
Carol: Here are the coal gtc's and a sample confirm . Let me know if you need anything else . Marie
Goldman Sachs
Alan: Mary asked if you could handle the master netting agreement with Goldman Sachs . Jay Williams in Credit is researching GS and will provide me with a list of entities and documents . I will pull copies of the documents and give to you . Thanks ! Marie
They were added awhile back . Here is the updated group list .
Sharon: Can you send me a copy of the physical gas master with Williams Energy Marketing & Trading Company ? Thanks ! Marie
Never mind , I think I found it . Thanks , anyway !
I only asked my assisant over here because she is so sweet and she would like a 10 lb . bag . I guess we want to get some ? I don't remember what we've gotten in the past--20 lbs. ? Whatever you want to get is okay with me.\ Thanks ! Oops ! Just remember , maybe I'll check with Robbi if that's okay .
Is there anything else you need for BP Amoco ? Marie
THANKS!!!!!!! ! Marie
Attached is the updated list deleting J . P . Morgan . Marie
Thanks ! Would you be interested in some pecans ? This guy Anne works with has an orchard and he is selling them in 10lb bags at $1.80/lb . They are not cracked or shelled .
Is this okay ?
Credit has requested that we cancel the Legal/Credit Meeting today .
Sharon: Does ECC have any physical gas masters with J . Aron & Company ? If not , can you send me a sample gtc used ? Thanks ! Marie
My gosh that was quick ! Do you have ESP and knew I was going to ask you for this ?
Per Carol's request , please e-mail Carol , Mary and me with an update on the agreements you are working on . Thanks ! Marie
Hi , Athena ! I apologize for getting back to you so late , but I just saw your e-mail that I printed out this morning . As you can guess , it's pretty hectic here . Here is the info I have on Coral and Coastal: Coral: Coral Power LLC - I don't have an address , but it is probably the Houston address Coral Energy Holding LP - 909 Fannin , Suite 7000 , Houston , Texas 77010 Coral Energy Resources LP - 909 Fannin , Suite 7000 , Houston , Texas 77010 Coral Energy Canada , Inc . - 1800 , 530-Eighth Avenue S.W. , Calgary , Alberta T2P 3S8 Coastal ( part of the El Paso family): El Paso Corporation El Paso Merchant Energy Canada Inc . - 1001 Louisiana Street , Houston , Texas 77002 El Paso Merchant Energy , L.P . - 1001 Louisiana Street , Houston , Texas 77002 Coastal Chemical Company , Inc . Coastal Coal Company , LLC Coastal Gas Marketing , Inc . Coastal Refining & Marketing , Inc . Coastal States Trading , Inc . This is the only address I have for El Paso/Coastal Let me know if you need anything else . Marie
Debra: Will you pull any masters for me ? Sharon: Will you check on ECC masters ? Thanks ! Marie
Pursuant to Frank Vickers' request , I am attaching our form master netting agreement .
Attached is the updated assignment list . Marie
David: Mary has assigned the TXU master netting agreement to you . We are in the process of gathering the documents and will pass them along to you . Please contact Steve Douglas in Tax prior to preparing your initial draft/contacting TXU . Steve's number is x30938 . Thanks ! Marie
Frank: Please have Sequent direct any questions or comments regarding the Master Netting Agreement to Legal . Thanks ! Marie
Here it is , Vanek !
Thanks ! Do we make the check out to you , Hooks Industrial ? Marie
Hi , Sharon ! I have a rush project . Can you check on your end and send me any masters between ECC and Conoco Canada Limited and Gulf Canada Resources Limited ? We have to respond to Conoco by 2:00 p.m . ( Houston time ) today . THANKS!!!! ! Marie
Hi , Edmund ! Can you assist me in obtaining copies of some confirmations ? I just need a copy of one representative confirmation for the following: Conoco ( UK ) Limited and Enron Capital & Trade Resources Limited Conoco International Inc . and ECTRIC Conoco Limited and ECTRIC You can either fax them to me at ( 713 ) 646-3490 or e-mail . THANKS!!!!!!! ! Marie
THANKS!!!!!!!! !
Pursuant to Frank Sayre's request , I am attaching a clean and blacklined draft of the Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement noting certain revisions . Please contact Frank with any questions or comments . Thank you !
Attached is the latest list of master netting counterparties . Please note that the new counterparties added to the list are in bold . Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . I will send you an updated list as I add new counterparties . Marie
Tanya: Please see Tom Doukas's request below . Enron Corp . issued a guaranty in favor of The Bear Stearns Companies , Inc . et al dated March 29 , 2001 , with a $25,000,000 cap . This guaranty secured obligations of Enron Credit , Inc . in connection with a Securities Loan Agreement and brokerage agreement . The cap was increased to $100,000,000 by amendment dated May 15 , 2001 . Are you okay with adding ECT Europe Finance , Inc . as an additional guaranteed party ? Thanks ! Marie
Please either send me the agreement also or a list of entities so that I can pull agreements . Thanks ! Marie
Attached is the updated list of master netting agreement assignments .
Hi , Sharon ! Have you received my package with the original BP Amoco master netting agreements and , if so , have they been signed ? Thanks ! Marie
Uh , oh ! It was sent to Peter in the interoffice pouch . My assistant said she put it to go on Friday . I sure hope you find it , cause it has original signatures . Please let me know what you find out ? Thanks ! Marie
Let us know if you hear from credit .
Anne: Elizabeth said I should forward this to you . Let me know if I can help . Marie
Hi , Diane ! Here's Leslie's e-mail with the revised paragraph . She said that the revision is "Acknowledgement of relation transactions" . Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . THANKS!!!! ! Marie
You're right ! Thanks for catching it .
Please review the attached Schedule and Paragraph 13 ASAP and let Frank have your comments . Thanks ! Marie
Attached for your review are a revised Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement , together with Paragraph 13 to the Credit Support Annex . These documents are currently being reviewed by our credit department and are subject to revision based upon their review of same . Please contact Frank with any questions or comments . Thank you .
No , it doesn't . We don't have Calpine Energy Services Canada Ltd . We do have Calpine Fuels Texas , Corporation and Calpine Natural Gas Company . Marie
Barbara: Here are the two revised lists , one with TXU and one without .
Here is the updated list .
I have been trying to call you but your phone never rings . I'm ready to go when you are . Give me a call if you can .
Paul: Attached is the Dynegy Master Netting Agreement . Please have signed by ECTRIC and ECT Resources Limited and fax the signature pages back to me ASAP at ( 713 ) 646-3490 . Many thanks ! Marie
Everyone signed but ENA Upstream and Canada . Reliant signed yesterday and brought them back to me this morning so that I can get the other signatures . I am having the document taken to Brian Redmond to sign for ENA Upstream and then Peter Keohane will sign for ECC . Barbara signed off on the receivables .
I have left Diane Anderson on the Confirm Desk a voice mail as to status . Will let you know what she says .
Beth: Pursuant to Sara Shackleton's request , I am attaching our form master netting agreement . Please do not hesitate to contact Sara with any questions or comments . Thanks ! Marie
Clement ! Attached is the Amendment to the Enron Corp . guaranty delivered to Dynegy last week . The only change we made is to include a reference to the inclusion of master netting agreements in the second paragraph . If the attached is acceptable , please have signed and call me when it's ready and I'll pickup . Thanks for your help ! Marie
Hi , Sharon: Did the BP Amoco Master Netting Agreement ever show up ? Marie
It was put in the interoffice pouch , so who knows where it is !
Edmund: Attached is the signature page for the Dynegy master netting agreement . Please have two originals signed and return to me by fax ASAP ( 713 ) 646-3490 . THANKS!!!!!! ! Marie
Harlan: Here are the form master netting agreement and credit annex for BNP Paribas . Do you want to send it on or do you want me to ? If you want me to , do you have an e-mail address or should I call ? Thanks ! Marie
I spoke with Peter Keohane and he said that Greg Johnston ( 403/974-6745 ) and Chris Gaffney ( 416/865-3711 ) are on board to handle the Canada filings . We have signed BP Amoco and Reliant , which I will get you copies of so that you will have the exact names , etc . Also , I will send you an e-mail with BP's jurisdictions and addresses . Thanks for your help ! Marie
I will have the lawyer call John Sherriff . Is Michael Brown around to sign if Sherriff won't ? Thanks ! Marie
Samantha: Will you either assign to take care of this ? I'm not sure what they need exactly . Thanks ! Marie
Pursuant to Harlan Murphy's request , attached is our form master netting agreement .
Mr . Rosen: Attached is the form master netting agreement without the collateral annex . Please disregard the form I sent you late Friday . I apologize for any inconvenience .
Harlan: Here is the master netting agreement . Marie
Pursuant to your request , attached is our form master netting agreement .
Steve: Here is another master netting agreement . Do you want me to forward the template to Cindy Midura or do you want to ? I will ask Ed for a listing of counterparties and will pull documents . Thanks ! Marie
I'll send Ed Sacks an e-mail and ask him to send you credit when I ask him to send me a list of counterparties . Marie
Ed: Can you send me a list of PSEG entities that will be parties to the master netting agreement , together with a list of master you think exist ? Also , Steve Van Hooser will be the lawyer working on this document , so he will need credit information to complete the documentation . Thanks ! Marie
Yes .
Chris: What information do you need from me ? Marie
Chris: BP Amoco and Dynegy both involve ECC . Marie
Ms . Midura: Pursuant to your request , attached is our form master netting agreement . Please do not hesitate to contact Steve Van Hooser ( 713/853-7238; steve.van.hooser@enron.com ) with any questions or comments .
Chris: Here is the final BP master netting agreement . If you need a copy of the signed one , let me know and I will fax it to you . I will send Dynegy once I get signoff from Harlan Murphy . Marie
Is it okay to send ?
Sarah: Here is our credit support annex template . Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
Jay: Kevin Freeman ( 785/575-8128 ) at Western Resources left me a voice mail stating that they want to finalize the master netting agreement ASAP . Mary Cook is assigning this to Anne Koehler to work on . Will you send me a list of counterparties involved and agreements you show are in place ? Thanks ! Marie
Anne: This is an e-mail I forwarded to Kevin Freeman on Monday sending the form of master netting agreement . He left me a voice mail this morning and said that they wanted to get a mna in place ASAP . Mary has assigned this counterparty to you . Kevin's phone number is ( 785 ) 575-8128 . Will you call him to discuss ? Thanks ! Marie
Our Canadian lawyers are on board .
Here is Alan's status of Goldman/J . Aron .
I checked with Harlan Murphy and he said it hadn't been signed , however , the master netting agreement references an executed master agreement dated as of 10/10/01 . We haven't seen either the original or a copy of the signed agreement . Marie
Carroll just called me and told me that they had a janitorial position opening at the courthouse and did I want to send my resume .
I guess so , cause I got your e-mail . Just in case , it's marie.heard@enron.com .
Thanks for the address . We will keep you all ( especially Grant ) in our prayers , although I don't think there's any hope for you .
I haven't tried .
Barbara: Below is an e-mail that Richardson Energy Marketing , Ltd . wants a master netting agreement . Mary said to assign it to you . His e-mail address is bhayes@sidrich.com . Nidia Mendoza in Credit is preparing a listing of counterparties and when I receive the list from her , I will pull documents . Let me know if you need anything . Marie
HALLELUJAH!!!!!!!! !
Who is ECTD ?
Attached is a copy of the master netting assignments list that sets forth those that are signed and/or currently being worked on . As you can see , BP Amoco , Dynegy and Reliant have recently been executed . A master crude netting agreement has been signed with ConAgra . Liquid payments netting agreements have been signed with Coastal , Conoco , Morgan Stanley , Sunoco and Valero . Master Netting Agreements have previously been executed with PG&E , The New Power Company and Entergy-Koch Trading , LP . Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
Hi , Edmund ! Can you help me obtain copies of some of your executed documents with BNP ? I need copies of the following: 3 . ECTD /BNPP physical UK gas confirm ( representative sample ) I hope you know who ECTD is cause I sure don't . I am only assuming that because it's UK gas , it's a UK company . My fax is ( 713 ) 646-3490 . Thanks for your help ! Marie
THANKS!!!!!! !
No . Do you have anyone in mind ?
Per Frank Sayre's request .
Trey: The power-related receivables would only apply to our power contracts ( EPMI ) and would not apply to the liquids payments netting agreements .
I guess we can go whenever . It'll just mean we won't get as much done this weekend , but we don't have anything else going on .
That's fine . That way we'll have all day Sunday to work .
Ed: Will you get me a list of counterparties/documents ? Thanks ! Marie
Marcus: Attached are the form Master Netting Agreement , together with the Credit Support Annex . Thank you for waiting so patiently ( NOT!!!!! ) for this . Marie
THEM'S FIGHTING WORDS!!!!!!! !
I had no exception time .
Sheila: Do you need a copy of the base agreement too ?
Harlan: Did you get the Calpine master netting agreement signed ? Please give me an original copy once it has been signed . Also , what's going on with Dynegy ? Tanya wants copies of all the signed master netting agreements . Can I get the agreement to make her a copy ? Thanks ! Marie
Mary Cook has asked me to try to locate the documentation for the two prepays . Which of the documents do you specifically need--all or just the ISDAs , swap confirmations and guarantees . If you only need the ISDAs , etc. , it may be quite a lot of pages to fax . Would you prefer I overnight them and , if so , where should I send them ? Thanks ! Marie
Hi , Greg ! Mary Cook asked me to contact you regarding locating documents in connection with a couple of prepays . The first is a prepay ( December 13 , 1999 ) among ENA , Citibank , Barclays , Royal Bank of Scotland and Toronto Dominion . Is this Yosemite II ? If so , I have copies of the ISDA , swap confirms , etc . Would you have copies of any other documents , or are there any other documents ? Also , they are looking for documentation in connection with the Corp . prepay for December 2000 . This was among ENA , Toronto Dominion , Credit Suisse First Boston and Morgan Stanley . Do you happen to have copies of these documents or do you know the project name in case they were prepared here ? Thanks ! Marie
Thanks , Greg .
Hi , Athena: The Williams counterparties are: Williams Energy Marketing & Trading Company and Williams Refining & Marketing , L.L.C . I don't know about British Energy as that is being handled out of our London office . The following entities have been added to our master netting agreement list today: Forest Oil: Forest Oil Corporation Producers Marketing Ltd . Noble: Noble Gas Marketing Inc . Samedan Oil Corporation Tractebel Energy Marketing , Inc . My phone number is ( 713 ) 853-3907 . Thanks ! Marie
Hi , Una ! I don't know if you can help me or not , but I need the below agreements ASAP . We have to finalize a master netting agreement and the lawyer over here needs to see the agreements . If you are not the right person , will you forward my e-mail on ? Thanks ! Marie
Paul Simons is the lawyer . His phone number is 011-44-20-7783-6566 and his e-mail address is paul.simons@enron.com .
Attached is the current list of master netting counterparties . The new counterparties are in bold . They are: certain AEP entities , BNP Paribas , certain Dynegy entities , Forest Oil entities , Noble Affiliates entities , Progress Energy entities , PSEG Energy Resources & Trade LLC , Richardson Energy Marketing , Ltd. , Tractebel Energy Marketing , Inc . and Western Resources ( I don't have specific entities for Western yet) . Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
Chris: Do you need the notice information in the agreements or will a listing of the chief executive offices for each work ? I have a listing of the BP Amoco entities and the addresses of their chief executive offices and I can also send Reliant's as set forth in the Master Netting Agreements . Marie
Chris: Pursuant to Barbara Gray's request , I am attaching the list of master netting agreement counterparties . Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
Master Netting Group: I just want to personally thank all of you for all of your hard work the past few weeks in addressing our counterparties' requests for Master Netting Agreements . We have been able to sign up a number of them as a result of your efforts and have managed to keep certain counterparties from cutting us off in trading . Thanks again for your efforts and for putting up with one fire drill after another ! Hopefully we all learned alot in the process . Carol St . Clair EB 4539 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-8537 ( fax ) 281-382-1943 ( cell phone ) 8774545506 ( pager ) 281-890-8862 ( home fax )
Chris: Below is an e-mail with the addresses for the BP Amoco entities . The addresses for the Reliant entities are: Reliant Energy Services , Inc.: 1111 Louisiana , Houston , Texas 77002 Reliant Energy Services Canada , Ltd.: 1111 Louisiana , Houston , Texas 77002 Let me know if you need anything else . Marie
Pursuant to Jason Williams's request , I am attaching our form master netting agreement .
Hi , Edmund ! Can you help us ? We need to find a representative sample of a physical UK gas confirmation with Enron Capital & Trade Resources Limited and BNP Paribas . Una said she can't locate anything . We need this ASAP as we must get this master netting agreement finalized . Thanks ! Marie
Hi , Una: Thanks for sending me those two ISDAs . Hopefully , Edmund Cooper will be able to help us find the other document . Again , thanks for your help . Marie
Hi , Kim: Can you send me a representative copy of a confirm ( with gtcs ) for each of the following ? Physical gas with ENA Upstream Company LLC and Samedan Oil Corporation Physical gas with ENA Upstream Company LLC and Forest Oil Corporation Financial with ENA and Forest Oil Corporation If you want to send them to "Justice" to print that will work for me . Thanks ! Marie
Thank you !
Hi , Una: Can you send me some other copies ? I need a representative copy of a confirmation for the following: Financial trading with ECTRIC and Louis Dreyfus Energy Services L.P . Financial trading with ECTRIC and Louis Dreyfus Corporation If you will fax them to ( 713 ) 646-3490 I would certainly appreciate it . Thanks ! Marie
Can you get me a representative copy of each of the following confirms ? Crude with ERAC and Forest Oil Corporation Physical liquids with EGLI and Louis Dreyfus Energy Services L.P . Thanks ! Marie
Hi , Sharon ! Bet you thought you had heard the last from me . Can you get me a copy of a physical gas master between ECC and Producers Marketing Ltd. ? Our Credit group gave me the document no . 96013847 . By the way , I received the BP Amoco documents . Thanks ! Marie
I'll be there .
Andrew: Attached are the forms . Marie
Andrew: Please hold off sending the master netting agreement forms to Allegheny until we get the go ahead from credit . I will let you know as soon as I speak with them . Thanks ! Marie
Dana: I faxed these to you this morning and the originals have already gone to Federal Express . I will resend them to you now . Marie
Attached is the updated list .
Attached is the updated list of master netting agreement counterparties . The entities added since I distributed the list yesterday ( Louis Dreyfus ) are in bold . Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
Will you send me the final information on Richardson ? Thanks ! Marie
Let me know if this isn't what you are looking for or if you need anything else . Marie
Hi , Roeline: No , I haven't received any original documents from Sempra . If he sent them here I would surely have them by now . Thanks for sending your copies--now I can get a big pile off my desk too . We are trying to hold our own over here , hoping to miss the first round of layoffs . It is still so incredibly unbelievable that this is happening . It seems like a bad dream and any minute we will awaken . It's supposed to be "business as usual" but it's pretty hard to get into the swing of things . Hopefully everything will work out . Have a Happy Thanksgiving ! Marie
Don't know if my response reached you or not . When we reply to e-mails , it automatically puts "@ENRON" at the end , so I'm sending it again .
Thanks , Rod !
No comments . Did not give her anything to do .
Please see Max's e-mail below .
Harlan: Enron Risk Management & Trading International Corp . is a former name of Enron Capital & Trade Resources International Corp .
Attached is the latest list of master netting agreement counterparties . The only addition is Western Resources ( in bold) . Also , I have added The New Power Company and Entergy-Koch Trading , L.P . which , along with PG&E , were previously executed . In addition , I have noted those master netting agreements that have been executed . Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else . Marie
Per Carol St . Clair , at this time , there is no urgency in finalizing and executing any master netting agreements . No master netting agreement should be signed without Bill Bradford's or Louise Kitchen's prior approval . If any questions , please contact either Carol or Elizabeth Sager . Thanks ! Marie
Barbara: I must not have sent a form master netting agreement to Billy Hayes at Richardson , as I can't seem to find an e-mail where I did . Marie
Updated list .
We have received an executed Amendment Agreement dated as of September 19 , 2001 between The Chase Manhattan Bank and Enron North America Corp . The amendment ( i ) amends the definition of "Specified Swap" to include foreign exchange spot or foreign exchange forward transactions or currency option transactions; ( ii ) to specify that The Chase Manhattan Bank is a Multibranch Party and may act through any Office specified in a confirmation; and ( ii ) to add a "Scope of the Agreement" provision which states that if the parties enter into a "Specified Swap" ( as defined in the master agreement ) such "Specified Swap" shall be subject to , governed by and construed in accordance with the terms of the agreement unless the confirmation relating thereto specifically states to the contrary . In addition , we have received an executed Amendment Agreement dated as of November 8 , 2001 between The Chase Manhattan Bank and Enron North America Corp . The amendment replaces the definitions of "Settlement Amount" and "Loss" as set forth in the master agreement . Copies will be distributed .
We have received an executed Second Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of October 3 , 2001 between Bank of America , N.A . and Enron North America Corp. , which amendment amends the Part 4(c)(ii ) of the Schedule which states that Bank of America is a multibranch party and may act through the Offices set forth on Appendix A - Amendments . Copies will be distributed .
We have received an executed Fourth Amendment to Master Energy Price Swap Agreement dated as of October 26 , 2001 between Enron North America Corp . and Morgan Stanley Capital Group Inc. , which amends the definition of "Exposure Threshold" . Copies will be distributed .
Let me know if you need anything else .
Hi , Matt: I have faxed the J.Aron , et al/ENA , et al Master Close-Out Agreement to you at fax number 7783-8667 . The other fax number you gave me wouldn't work . I have added EEFT under ECTRIC's name and have also added a signature line for ECT Resources Limited . Carol St . Clair has initialled . I am also attaching the document should you need to change any signature lines . The attached document cannot be edited but you can print and manually type in changes . Once the agreement has been approved , please have an officer of both ECTRIC ( EEFT ) and ECT Resources Limited sign and return to us by fax . Please fax a copy to the following fax numbers: ( 713 ) 853-9576 , attention Bill Bradford ( 713 ) 646-3490 , attention Carol St . Clair/Marie Heard If Ted has any questions , Bill's phone number is ( 713 ) 853-3831 and Carol's number is ( 713 ) 853-3989 . Tomorrow is Thanksgiving here in the States , so if Bill or Carol aren't in , just leave a voice mail as I'm sure they will be checking their messages . Thanks so much for your help ! Marie
Attached for your review is the El Paso amendment .
The address for Reliant Energy Services , Inc . is 1111 Louisiana , Houston , Texas 77002 . Please let me know if you need anything else .
Pursuant to Lora Kinner's request , I am attaching our form master netting agreement . The lawyer who will be working with you is Anne Koehler ( 713/853-3448; anne_koehler@enron.com) . She is out of the office at a seminar and will be returning on Thursday , November 29 . Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else .
Jay: Can we incorporate our UK entities ? Marie
Hi , John: Can you answer Athena's questions re Navajo ? It you want to just respond to me , I'll include it in my response re Louis Dreyfus . Thanks ! Marie
Thanks , Nony and John .
Hi , Athena: Here is the information you requested: Navajo Refining Company c/o Holly Corporation 100 Crescent Court , Suite 1600 Dallas , Texas 75201-6927 Louis Dreyfus Energy Services L.P . Louis Dreyfus Corporation I don't know if Louis Dreyfus Corporation is the same as the Dreyfus Corporation . Louis Dreyfus Corporation is located in Wilton , Connecticut . Let me know if you need anything else . Marie
Paul , Matt and Edmund: Attached is a copy of the Master Netting Agreement among BNP Paribas and Enron North America Corp. , et al . It is imperative that this master netting agreement be executed as soon as possible tomorrow morning ( 11/27) , so I am asking your assistance in getting this document signed . The UK entities to sign are EEFT , Enron Capital & Trade Resources Limited , Enron Credit Limited and Enron Metals Limited . Please leave the signature pages as set forth on the attached document , as Enron Metals may be deleted from the agreement . At this point , we aren't sure , so we will have it sign on a separate page and then if they are not a party to the agreement , we will omit their signature page . Please take whatever steps are necessary to have the attached document signed ASAP . Harlan Murphy ( 713/345-2679 is the lawyer here in Houston who prepared the document . Please contact either Harlan , Mary Cook ( 713/345-7732) , Elizabeth Sager ( 713/853-6349 ) or Carol St . Clair ( 713/853-3989 ) if you have any questions . Bill Bradford is the Credit contact and his number is ( 713 ) 853-3831 . When the document is signed , please fax the signature pages to me at ( 713 ) 646-3490 . MANY THANKS!!!!!! ! Marie
Hi , Dana: We have received the original copy of the ISDA Master Agreement . In looking through the supporting documents , we noted two outstanding items: 1 . We did not receive an original signed IRS Tax Form W-9 as required pursuant to Part 3(a); and 2 . The Certificate of Incumbency we received was not an original and was dated November 14 , 2000 . We would like to receive an original certificate dated a current date . If you have any questions , please do not hesitate to contact either Frank or me . We look forward to receiving this documentation . Marie
Hi , Una: Per my voice mail , we need a copy of a representative sample of whatever documentation BNP Paribas and Enron Metals Limited transact under ( ISDA , general terms and conditions , etc.) . We are trying to finalize and sign a master netting agreement with them this morning and need to see this documentation as soon as possible . My phone number is ( 713 ) 853-3907 and my fax is ( 713 ) 646-3490 . Thanks for your help!!!!!!!! ! Marie
Harlan: Here are a clean and blacklined copy of the mna with the revised Exhibit A . The second one is the blackline copy . Marie
THANKS!!!!! !
Clean and blacklined copies .
We are finalizing the master netting agreement among BNP Paribas and Enron Corp. , et al for execution , and have received copies of all underlying documentation with the exception of documentation for Enron Metals Limited . Can you fax or e-mail me a copy of what documentation Enron Metals Limited signs--ISDA , general terms and conditions , etc . with BNP Paribas ? We need to receive this documentation ASAP . Thanks for your help . Marie
Thanks , it's a pleasure working with you too . I just wish it had been under better circumstances .
Matt: You can ignore the voice mail I left you a few minutes ago . William Morley is going to send me copies of the documentation . Marie
Unless by trading group they meant the actual traders--we're just the lawyers and staff . I'll send you an e-mail tonight when I can talk--if you get my drift .
Kim: Can you pull a representative financial confirm for each of the following: Peoples Gas Light & Coke Company State Street Bank and Trust Company Huntco Steel , Inc . This is for Elizabeth's project . Thanks ! Marie
THANKS!!!!!! !
Hi , Robbi ! I've been meaning to call you , but as you can imagine , it's been extremely busy here . Hope you're okay and I'll try to talk with you soon . No , we still haven't received anything from Robert Allen to return our fabric . I was hoping they would send something last week , because we shipped our gifts to Washington and we could have sent it at the same time . Let me know what you hear from them . Let's try to get together after the 1st . I know it's going to be too busy this week and next , so why don't we shoot for after the new year . If I don't talk to you soon have a Merry Christmas and Happy New Year ! Marie
Hi , Sheila: What's your office location so that I can send copies of the Bear Stearns documents ? Thanks ! Marie
Carol: Do you know if this agreement has been signed and , if so , who would have the original or a copy ? Thanks ! Marie
Hi , Paul: Duke was one of the master netting agreements we were working on . After checking with the lawyers who were assigned to work on the Duke master netting agreement , it appears that the agreement was never executed . Let me know if you have any additional questions or need anything else . Marie
Hi , Mari: I have prepared the separate phone list for each bidder room and am going to place five copies of each on the tables by the boxes in each room . Let either Genia FitzGerald ( x36389 ) or me ( x33907 ) know if you need anything . We will have our assistants bring coffee , etc. , so if you will let us know when the groups arrive at the data room , we will take care of that . Thanks ! Marie
I don't think we'll have anything for you today . I know you'll be so upset that you aren't needed today . Thanks for asking . Marie
Thanks , Happy New Year to you too !
Yes , this deal should go to AEP with the HPL transaction . The reason there are no forward volumes booked is because they have a monthly election to nominate baseload gas daily priced gas or wait and nominate daily volumes priced at gas daily . At any rate there is no way to know in forward months what they are going to take subject to contractual maximums . If you have any further questions let me know . Thanks , Tom
I received notice today that Elsa Villareal ,  Gary Lamphier and Ed Gottlob have accepted jobs with AEP as part of the sale of HPL ( not to leave until closing) . This means that my staffing needs after closing are as follows: 1 Lead Physical Trader 1 Physical Trader 1 Basis Trader ( or at least an asst . trader ) 1 Supply Middle Marketer/Originator I met with Jeanie Slone and the internal recruiters today to start the external search process for an experienced physical trader and industrial marketer . I am hoping the other positions can be filled internally with associates and/or internal commercial personnel . I delivered employment contracts to Janet Wallis , Jim Schwieger , Stacy Neuweiller , Eric Bass and Daren Farmer . They all wanted to review the documents and talk to me next week about it . Janet did not give a good feeling that she would be willing to sign it . I know that she has been contacted by companies other than AEP about job opportunities and I know other Enron Units have talked to her as well . Although we met Jim's numbers he is still hung up on the super vesting language for options; I'll keep working on him . The others I did not get any read on , but I will talk to them next week . Given the severe shortage of talent that my desk is going to experience from the HPL transaction I want you to consider realocating experienced talent from other trading and middle marketing desks to the Texas desk . I will follow up with you when I return from vacation on Monday , March 19th . Thanks , Tom
Jim and I will be on vacation from March 12th thru March 16th . Jim took a lap top computer with him and is reachable by cell phone . Kim has our pager and cell phone numbers . I will be calling in to see how Eric is doing and to see if any of my folks have any questions about their employment contracts . I asked Philip to keep an eye on Eric as well . Eric sat in the morning meeting today and will fill for me next week . Thanks , Tom
Attached are the rates for April . I know the King Ranch and Agua Dulce rates to HSC are a mute point with the work on the A/S Line . Needless to say we will be a seller either during Bidweek and/or on a daily basis on A/S South . Thanks , Tom
Fine . Tom
If you recall there was a physical term supply transaction done at Thompsonville with EEX during the time you were trying to get the letter of intent with AEP done . I thought that there were some unique financing issues that required Enron to retain the transaction . It appears that is not the case and since this supply is at a split connect location with HPL it should probably go with the sale . I just want to make sure that the swap is done correctly to keep Enron whole . Any thoughts ? Tom
Thanks for the info . I wanted to pick your brain about cars for Mom and Dad . My initial research of Large Cars and Luxury Cars in Consumer Report did not yield a lot of obvious choices to me . I only considered CR "Recomended " cars . There are a few options in the $20,000 to $25,000 range for example the Ford Crown Victoria/Mecury Grand Marquis; but I do not believe the cars in this price range will give them the same luxury and comfort that they are used to . The only car in the $30,000 to $35,000 range is the Buick Park Avenue which I think will be a pretty close fit to what they are driving now but I'm not sure they want to spend this kind of money . Of course the really nice luxury cars that will sure to satisfy them for example , the Lincoln Town Car and Cadillac Deville are in the $40,000 to $45,000 range . Dad said he spent $23,000 for his Olds 98 in 1991 and would like to have something that rides as quite and comfortable as it but not spend big bucks . My plan at this time is to focus on the Crown Victoria/Grand Marquis and the Park Avenue first and see if they come close to meeting Mom and Dad's needs . Any Thoughts ? Love , Tom
I am generally available in the afternoons after 3:00 . Have your assistant schedule some time either this week or next so we can talk about the Wellhead Book . Thanks , Tom
Yes if they are for Las Vegas . There was a team building trip approved by John at the beginning of the year . Are you planning to put together the monthly EOL volume actuals versus performance targets as described in the 2001 Plan ? Thanks , Tom
I have asked Dave to set up a meeting with you and Barbara on this subject . I thought there were exclusions relative to EOL transactions and points that do not directly impact HPL . The problem for me is that if I want to do terms deals in these locations now I want to be able to keep them as ENA and not transfer them with the HPL sale . Let's talk as soon as possible so I can have clear understanding of the rules of engagement for ENA now and after the close . Thanks , Tom
Everything other than the LDC business has been done in the name of HPL even if not physically located on HPL . I want to start intiating transactions that are not physically on HPL in the name of ENA so they would not have to transfer as part of the sale ( ie . Waha , Katy Tailgate and Carthaqe Hub) . I understand Dave Baumbach has arranged a meeting with you and Jeff Hodge to discuss . Thanks , Tom
Pagers , Cell Phones , etc should be cancelled as of closing which I believe to be June 1st , I will let you know if there are any changes . When I arrange for new traders I will need computers for them . I have talked to Ed and Brian and they have agreed to give me 4 computers back prior to closing . I anticipate needing 2 of them prior to the end of the month . How much lead time do you need to have them brought down here ? Did you get the message out about customer entertainment ? Thanks , Tom
I am in ENA Gas Trading . I believe I am getting e-mails for Martin Thomas . If that is who you are trying to communicate with please check your name selection . This is happening a lot . If know others that may be trying to communicate with Martin Thomas please pass the word . thanks , Tom
Thanks for the invite but I have a family commitment on that day . Tom
My basis trader is out Friday , so I need to cover his EOL stack until 3:30 . I can get together with you after 3:30 . Monday I am booked . Any way that we can get together after 3:30 Friday ? Tom
Tuesday begins Bidweek . I try to restrict time away from the desk to after 2:15 . Is that possible ? Tom
Works for me . Tom
Sherrie , I talked to Karen Buckley and she said that the HR analyst and associate program is currently full but may be looking to hire again in the summer . She told me that there may HR needs and/or recruiting needs in specific divisions that she is not aware of . Her recommendation is to look on the Enron Job Seeker website to see if there are any specific jobs that may be of interest to you . Call me if you after you look at the website and let me know if there are any opportunities that make sense for you . Tom
Sorry we have not talked again recently . I have been trying to get a better handle on other personnel movement on the gas floor that has an impact on my needs . I would like to talk further with you . Maybe we can get together next week after work for a beer and talk about what your interests are and I can tell you more about my needs . I am open Tuesday - Thursday . Let me know if you can get away . If not let's try to set up some time to talk in the afternoon . Thanks , Tom
Lauri , Here are the rates for May . Again the A/D long haul rates are irrelevant for most of the month . Call me if you have any questions . Thanks , Tom
Since I anticipate that we will be trying to inject and Katy is the only location that helps , I am trying to give us a little extra incentive to get gas in the ground . I don't anticipate buying much Clear Lake gas other than the short that we have there ( 6,500/d I think) . Tom
Bryan , Yes , I would like to talk to you . I think it will make sense to have an analyst in some capacity . I didn't realize that you would making this decision so soon . Maybe we can talk after bidweek ( early next week) . If that timing does not work let me know . I am still not sure if or when Lavorato is going to give me a Trading Track analyst/associate . But I still would like to talk to you before you make a decision . Tom
Jeanie , I have enclosed Sherrie Trigg's resume . She is interested in a Recruiter position , job # 00001088305 , Traci Warner supervisor . She is also interested in a Specialist/Sr . Specialist position in HR , job #0000108135 , Laurie Miller supervisor . Her experience has been in marketing , human resources and recruiting . If you can do anything to help I sure would appreciate it . Thanks , Tom
I received a call back on the HPL on EOL subject from Ed and it appears that AEP intends to replicate what we have done on EOL via ICE . Tom
Tommy , I agree . The traders need access only to the physcal trading systems . They are only trading next day physical gas for the remainder of May , so they do not need access to any other systems . Thanks , Tom
John , I will need 1 senior analyst and possibly could fill some of my cash trading needs with an additional associate . I have talked to Bryan Hull ( third year analyst ) about a one year rotation at our desk . He spent his first rotation in the Texas Risk Group and did a great job . His second rotation has been in the EOL Marketing Group . He is interested in trading and is a sharp guy . I would like to see some of the other folks coming in just to compare against him and to see if using an associate is a viable option for my cash trading needs . Tom
Yes , Dave's reporting relationship and cost center has not changed; his is just physically moving down here since we have the space . Tom
John , My suggestion is to have the offsite to be social in nature . I am sure that many of these people do not know each other and an environment where the group can mingle and enjoy some fun activities would be a great way to become more familiar with each other . If we must have meetings/presentations , have them done by outside speakers so the group does not have to prepare presentations . As far as where to go: Austin , San Antonio or Galveston are nice and will be reasonable for a group this size . If you are ok with spending more the golfing , fishing and Spa activities in Florida ( Miami , Key West , Tampa/St . Pete ) are great . Also golfing , rafting and Spa's in Colorado would be good too . I don't have a strong preference for where we go but I do believe that people would appreciate a focus on fun and getting to know each other . Tom
Jim , Noon brunch would probably work better for me considering Matthew's nap time and that Monday is a school day . I will handling the kids solo since Lyne will be at MD Anderson with Elaine that day , so I hope everyone is patient with Matthew as sometimes he can be a little rowdy at restaurants ( he has been known to inflict fear in waiters , waitresses and owners alike) . Remeber those days....... . Tom
Works for me . Tom
No she has not called . Thanks , you always seem to know the right thing to do . Thanks for covering for me . Tom
Please forward the information to Eddie Leschber and Laynie East . I know the origination was classified as Gas Assets but their transaction count was included in our budget since all of their pricing is structured in our group . If those transactions are not included in our count then our middle marketing transaction targets for the 1st and 2nd quarters need to move to Gas Assets . Ask Eddie and Laynie how they want to handle it . Thanks , Tom
Sorry for the delay . There will will be four from my family ( including matthew) . We will be there . Thanks , Tom
Maybe we should meet . I am not sure what Dave has told you but my intent is for at least the near term that his responsiblities not change . My objective in moving him on the desk is to provide an opportunity for him to have a better perspective in what we do . I told him that as he has time I could utilize him for analysis or other projects but not at the expense of his current job . The bottom line is that Dave is very good at his current role and he has expressed interest in trading . I viewed this move as an opportunity to evaluate his trading potential while he is given the opportunity to see what trading is really like; but I have no immediate plans to move Dave into trading . If the time ever comes that I would like bring him into trading I will certainly coordinate the transition with you . I was under the impression that Dave cleared all this with you before he moved . It appears that he may have made this physical move more meaningful than it is and certainly more than I intend at this time . How do you want to handle thisTom
Brian , Don't worry about comprimising our trading position because I think AEP via the HPL employees already have a general idea of what we have been doing with storage; plus they will need to know as of close anyway . Tom
Barbara Gray has informed me that you have been inquiring about modifying the Texas EOL physical products to ENA as the counterparty for June . The products you have to be concerned about are Waha and Exxon Katy Tailgate . The other physical products are HPL related and will no longer be used . There is a slight possibility that the Agua Dulce product may continue but I will contact you if it needs to be changed to ENA . Our need for these ENA products will be approximately May 16th , when we want to roll out our June products . Please call me if you have any questions . Tom
I reviewed Article 4 and the disclosure schedules to the Purchase and Sale Agreement and see no changes necessary related to the areas of my responsibility . Tom
Fine with me .
Tom
I will probably have my needs met by August . My interest has been in Analyst/Associates coming off rotations that are available in June . I have been working with Neil Davies to get this done . I will let you know if I have further needs . Thanks , Tom
Karen , Any chance she can start sooner ? Can we leave her assigned to me until the end of June ? I am not trying to turn away help because I definitely need it; I am struggling with her starting in August . Tom
Sorry , I don't think I said her name; it is Mary Martin . I left a message for her so I bet you will be getting her resume in a day or so . Thanks , Tom
Thank you . I will tell her . Tom
From my perspective the Waha , Exxon Katy Tailgate and the new Carthage Tailgate product should be converted to ENA on the 18th if we find out that the close will occur June 1st . Since the bidweek procedures we are proposing include AEP directing HPL activities for June during bidweek if we determine that close will occur June 1st , then it seems only logical that we should start operating as ENA at the same time . Thanks , Tom
An issue has come up that I did not consider in my prior discussions of how bidweek for June should be managed prior to knowing if we close or not . Physical deals for June have started to happen already . If close does occur and all the deals prior to May 18th are done as HPL then ENA will miss out on a lot of potential business for June . So I believe a fair solution is to have all deals in locations that are most relevant to HPL ( ie . Agua Dulce , Thompsonville , Oasis Katy , Lonestar Katy , Texoma ) be done as HPL; deals in a location such as Katy Tailgate that is relevant to HPL and ENA will be split evenly HPL and ENA and written up as two separate purchases . Waha is not considered here since AEP already has a Waha trader who is active in the market . Thanks , Tom
You have sent an E-mail to Thomas Martin not Martin Thomas .
Fantastic ! I am happy that it ultimately worked out . Welcome aboard . Tom
Should Jim Schwieger be included as he has been in prior PRC meetings . He knows all the gas traders and middle marketers and has been valuable to this process in the past . Tom
Seems like HPL/AEP needs to get a transportation agreement on Oasis . As part of the June transition ENA will not be doing any bidweek business at points other than Waha , Katy Tailgate and Carthage . Therefore even if we wanted to cover this deal ( which we don't) , we can't . Let me know if there is a problem with them getting there own transportation agreement . Tom
This is very hard to read with all of the cutting and pasting . I made one change to the definition of the 400,000/d of injection capacitiy . Also I do not see anything that addresses how AEP deals with their June volumes in Bammel ( assuming we never close) . We talked about them having to withdraw their volumes rateably starting on September 1 and concluding October 31 . Transportation rates would need to negotiated . Tom
Has there been a date set for the next Trading Track interviews ? Tom
Karen , Chance Rabon is an Analyst in the Texas Risk Group who is interested in interviewing for the Trading Track Program . He joined the company in February 2001 from Coastal where he worked in their natural gas risk group . He seems to be sharp , aggressive and willing to work hard . Can he still be considered or will he need to wait for the next round ? Tom
That should be fine . Tom
If this truly cleans out the closet then it is worth it . The potential upside of the Entex Audit is more like $2 - $3 million but our ability to recover that much is questionable given the weak contract language for resolving non-performance . In the past ENA and Entex resolved volume shortfalls under the term contract by extending the term . Obviously we will not have that remedy . Do not let AEP separate other issues away from this and try to pick us to death . Tom
Todd , This a resume that I received directly . Tom
What ages ? Are there organized activities for them as well ? If not I think they will get bored after an hour or two . I have not generally done it because I did not have time to keep up with them for such a long period of time . Maybe someone can bring them up before lunch for a while . Tom
No thanks . Tom
Thanks for the invite , but I can't come during trading hours . This was a huge accomplishment and all those involved in getting this done should be coTom
Elsa , I was just made aware yesterday that I am to provide my direct reports the following material . Please make a cursory review and tell Anne Koehler by noon today if you have any matters that should be added to the schedule or corrections that should be made . I don't anticipate that you will have any issues but I am required to provide this to you . Thanks , Tom
I will not be able to attend . Tom
I have executed this and returned to Anne . Tom
Mike , Please include my home E-Mail address in your weekend weather updates . It is tmartin3079@msn.com
Any response yet from John regarding Jim Schwieger being part of the PRC process . I think he should be included . Please advise . Tom
You got the wrong guy . Thomas Martin
You got the wrong guy . Thomas Martin
That is fine . Tom
Jeanie , Can you send me Jim's evaluation form so I can write his midyear review ? John was out today so I did not get to ask about feedback on Jim . Tom
I don't think we are interested in Hockey but Texans may be of interest . Send an E-mail to Redmond for us to discuss . Maybe we can share with another desk . Tom
The only change I see needing to be made is you said letter "dated August 27 , 2002" instead of "August 27 , 2001" ,  but we knew what you meant . Everything else looked great . Tom
Fine with me as long as you have someone to cover . How is your lunch analysis going ? Tom
Lucky you . Tom
This is your internal competition . If you have any dirt on any of these people please let Karen know . Just kidding . Tom
I know nothing .
If he is coming into the office why don't you set up a schedule like you did for Morris including myself and Jim . Tom
Yes I will attend . Tom
At this point I do not plan to attend . I have not had an opportunity to take Lavo's pulse to see if this is a must attend . Tom
Maybe the next step is to dig into the allocation methodology that Daniel uses to see if it assumes the correct number of people . Then convert the monthly allocation amount to a cost per person and do the same for your other analysis so we can compare apples to apples . When you combine origination and trading we are likely to exceed 15 people . My guess is that we are being allocated costs based on too many people ( Pre HPL Sale) . Tom
The 29th is OK for me other than it is NX1 for Natural Gas . Starting at 3:00 makes it possible but 4:00 would be better or even the 30th at 3:00 would be better . I am assuming that a lot of thought has gone in to picking this day and other conflicts exist . The other gas traders are going to have the same issue with this time so if it is the only time that works for everybody then I'll be there at 3:00 . Tom
Don , We have not heard of this guy . It looks like his most recent experience has been managing Coastal's refinery gas supply activities . Unfortunately the people who have the most history with industrial and refinery gas buyers went with the HPL sale . Tom
Laura , Can you put me down for vacation November 5th . If schedules conflict with others on the desk I need to be out the afternoon for sure ( Allison's school function) . Tom
Thank you . Tom
Fine with me . As I told you last night I am having dinner with our future Enron gas and power traders in the "Trading Track" program at Nino's at 6:00 PM . Just to be safe , I probably won't be home until after the kids bedtime . Tom
It looks like Joe has an expense report I need to review . Let's discuss tomorrow . Also Louise mentioned in the staff meeting that we are going to be more directly accountable and able to control our allocated costs such as IT and logistics costs next year . Please ask Laynie to give a detail of our budgeted allocated costs such as IT , logistics , etc for next so that we can review it . Tom
Any questions or further thoughts on what we talked about last week . Tom
Whatever you think , maybe eat at 5:30 to 6:00 . I will grill if you want me to . Tom
Thanks for the update . Allison , I hope you start feeling better soon . Matthew , thank you for looking after your sister . Daddy
If you don't know , you should know by now that you never have to apologize to me . Tom
We did the following trades this morning: You Buy MY backoffice will put them in . Tom
Sorry , the last two trades were Cal 02; I don't think I said what term they were in the last E-Mail . Tom
Thanks Tom
Irma , I respect the fact that a mistake was made , my problem is that the mistake causes me to have to wait until November 20th to get it fixed . It seems that you could have called me if you had a question about the form since it was turned in at least six weeks ago . So what are my options other than waiting until November 20th ? Tom
If Ina says she has coverage then fine by me . You also may want to get in the habit of checking with Brian as a courtesy . Have fun . Tom
I am not familiar with this system but it seems philosophically we should protest even though we don't currently do any business on this pipeline . What do you guys think ? Tom
That is a sensitive question as I have asked you before about us giving up Reuters and getting one Bloomberg monitor . We have heard nothing since that lady came by took Reuters away and said she would get us Bloomberg .
Since Bryan Hull works as an analyst at my desk I would like to discuss the "no" feedback with him . Please let me know when it is appropriate to do so . Tom
Probably Thursday noon since some people are planning to be out Friday . Tom
Do I need to do something more with Eric ? I talked to him the other day , trying to reassure him that Lavo realizes the value that he brings to the organization and that he will be taken care of . Tom
Bass and Parks .
Could you send me an updated list of the traders remaining vacation days for 2001 . I am hearing a lot of members of the desk wanting to get their vacation by the end of the year . I want to know what I am dealing with . Try to include Daren and Dave as well . Thanks , Tom
thank you . Looks like another year where everybody is going to try to get vacation in at the last minute .
I am having Daren , Bryan , Dave and Charlie coordinate their vacation days for the rest of the year . I am having Eric and Joe do the same . Clearly the calendar does not reflect what these guys will probably want to do by the end of the year . Tom
Please send to the rest of the Texas Desk . Tom
I have 108 hours of vacation left and wanted your input as to how to use some of it . I will carry over 40 hours to next year . We are off Christmas Eve . I was thinking of taking 11/19 off since I have that doctor appointment . Otherwise maybe 3 to 5 days the first two weeks of December will work . I may be able to take a half day or two at other times if there is something special you want me to do . Tom
Upon closer examination , more people looking dirty . Tom
John , A dangerous environment is brewing on the trading floor . We have very large positions and people are becoming more frustrated with the work environment , uncertain about future employment and now with new information about Lay's "golden parachute" , I am concerned that not everyone may act in the best interest of the Company ( hero or zero attitude ) or at a minimum may not be in the best frame of mind to trade . I hate to suggest it but do you need to reduce the people allowed to take risk for the Company ? ( similar to what was done when we sold HPL) . The general feeling is that everyone at the top is taking care of themselves and the "little" people that have been making the money for the Company are left out in the cold . I also suggest that you move quickly to ensure appropriate compensation for key traders into next year . I know the first move I suggested would have the effect of reducing morale further but this group has a lot of risk on for people that may not be 100% commited to Enron . This may be too drastic action at this point but I think it should watched closely .
I went over to talk to Laura a little wihile ago and she was crying . What is wrong ? Is there something I can help with ? Tom
Thanks . I asked her and I couldn't get anything out of her without her getting more emotional , so I decided to back off . Tom
We talked a couple of weeks ago about getting together about the YTD stats for the Texas Gas Traders . If you don't mind maybe you could E-mail them to me when you get a chance . Tom
Renee , When are we going to reschedule the meeting to discuss the methodology that you are using to fulfill our "early distribution" from the phantom stock deferal account . Tom
Did you find anything out with Laura . Tom
That is ok . I was concerned that it was something serious; sounds like little stuff . Tom
I am sorry that you are having problems with Shanna . I am proud that you are doing the right thing and welcoming a new person at school . It can be very dificult to be the new kid at a new school . It sounds like Shanna feels threaten by you and others being friendly to this new girl . I know it is hard but some how you need to reassure Shanna that you being nice to the new girl does not mean she ( Shanna ) is less of your friend . Maybe the best approach is to ask Shanna how she would feel if she had to move to a new school and was treated badly by some of the new girls she met . You and Shanna have been friends for a long time and you don't want to lose that , but she needs to know that you will continue to welcome new kids that come school and it does not impact your friendship with her . To answer your question , things are OK . There is still a lot of uncertainty with the Dynegy and Enron merger and it is not going to be fixed any time soon . All I can do is try to do the best job I can and let everything else work itself out . I am going to an NWAL meeting tonight at 7:30 so I will see you probably about bed time . Thanks for writing to me . Love , Dad
How come you didn't go to school ? Is it because of your lice ?
I am fine . Don't forget that I here only half day tomorrow . Tom
Oops , I can't read you already said that .
Do I approve Daren's expense report . If I do go ahead and approve it . Tom
Looks like another $1.25 Billion write-off coming in the 4th quarter . Tom
Looks like $1.25 billion write-off coming from Marlin and Osprey in 4th quarter . Tom
Cindy , Since the majority of the division wants Klein High School , I'll live with it . Becky Miller had a good idea , how about if we see if we can also get their gym so we can have the teams set up in there . It is not as conveniently located to the pool as Klein Oak's gym is but at least it keeps the teams out of the sun for the day . What do you think ? Tom P.S . you either respond to this address ( work ) or the other address you have for me .
I have received it . Tom
It seems like we would have approximately the same cost for air at Klein Oak or Klein. . I guess the question is how much have the pool fees gone up from last year and does that make it too expensive to have air . Who knows the prices ? Tom
I talked to Ina and Eric said he will come in . The time is apparently between 2:00 and 3:00 . Tom
Irma , Did you get a chance to discuss my ESOP rollover situation with your superiors . I received an e-mail stating that the new Savings Plan is available early and I would like to get this issue resolved as soon as possible . Thanks , Tom Martin Ext . 3-3079
I think last year anyway the bulkhead issue only affected relays as we started all individual events from the blocks and move the timers for 25 and 50 yard swims . No matter , I am over the "Kein Oak" deal and moving on to "Klein" just suggesting we look into the possibility of using their gym for the teams . I will talk to Becky about the rates and pass it on when we get . Have a great weekend ! Tom
I would like our group to continue to get lunches at their desk if possible . If other trading desks are not doing this then just the EOL trades . Talk to Ina and let me know . Tom
Mom called me today to ask if we would be available to join them Sunday morning December 16th as Dad is receiving an award at Church from the "Dominican Family" . She pointed out that day is the day that you and the girls are joining Mom for the Christmas function at Jones Hall . Let's talk tonight . Tom
I talked to Brian and he and I agreed to the concept but we want it to more simple ( ie . less expensive) . We are thinking about just getting together and have some beers at Cabo's while signing Christmas cards . No catering , just a few drinks and maybe some appetizers off the menu . The traders probably don't have many if any customers that are not already covered by Brian's group but check with Eric , Joe , Charlie , Daren and Dave . Tom
Thanks for the info . Call me today when you get some time I need you to look something up on the computer . Tom
I left you a voicemail as well . I just wanted to drop you a line to tell you that it appears the ESOP rollover into Savings Plan ocurred as we discussed last week . I got into the Savings Plan on Friday 11/23 and moved the Enron shares to Stable Assets also as we discussed . It appears that the price used was Monday's close of $4.01 instead of Friday's close of $4.71 . So where do we go from here ? I am assuming per our previous meeting that whether $4.01 or $4.71 is used; that one of these prices will be used to keep me whole versus a price sometime in September ( probably September 30th ) when the ESOP shares should have been put into the Savings Plan . Please call me at you earliest convenience to resolve this . Thanks , Tom
I am sorry I forgot to update you . Right now I am planning to be out the 12th , 13th , 14th and 17th . The 17th is for sure the rest is tenative . My plan is to take 3 to 5 days sometime the first two weeks of December . Tom
I was not aware that the market closed at 1:00 on Friday 11/23 . Funny we did not discuss this when we talked on the phone on Wednesday . How does this impact the bigger issue that needs to be resolved ? Let me know when you get the answer on the rest of the matter . Thank you for getting back to me so quickly . Tom
You are mistaken . I have never logged into "iPayit" before , so it impossible that I have an unpaid invoice . Tom
Kelley , Given our financial situation we did not do any fixed price physical transactions for December so we have no trades to report this month . Hopefully our situation we be resolved soon so that we can be a part of the process in the near future . For whatever it is worth , it that there are some unusual things happening in the "Fixed Float" markets in Texas particularily at HSC . The NYMEX is down 10 cents today yet the HSC fixed float market went from plus 2 cents or $2.336 to $2.345 yesterday to now $2.36 with the Henry Hub also appearing to be inflated by maintaining a fixed float value of $2.31 again in a falling market . We feel like we are defenseless because we have no trades to report and yet have basis and Gas Daily positions and some trade players know it so they are inflating the prices to hurt us more financially . I have no evidence since I was not a participant in the fixed price physical market this month all I am asking is that you be extra vigilant in determining the validity of the transactions that are being submitted for index consideration . Thank you , Tom Martin
Brent , Per our phone conversation Enron agrees to buy back 21,417/d at Carthage for December at IFGMR HSC index - . 08 . I have also talked to EPrime who is our supplier and they are buying back this 21,417/d from Enron at IFGMR HSC - . 08 . They will subsequently sell the gas to Woodward directly at IFGMR HSC - . 08 . Both EPrime and Woodward agree that HSC - . 08 is a fair market value for Carthage volumes during bidweek for December . The purpose of this transaction is to mitigate the risk of physical non-performance by Enron given our current financial condition without impacting the contractual pricing of the deals previously done with Eprime and Woodward respectively . Regards , Tom Martin
We addressed this yesterday . I have never signed to iPayit before so it is impossible for me to have an unpaid invoice . Tom
Irma , I know you guys are vey busy right now on other matters but I am sure that you can appreciate my nerveousness about what you guys are going to me for me . I still expect Enron to do the right thing a correct the error that was made prior to closing the Savings Plan for the change in administrator . Please update me on your progress . Thank you , Tom
You guys keep sending me this message and I keep telling you that I have never used this system . Please call me and tell what you issue is at ext . 33079 because I have never logged into this system before . Tom
Attached please find my Enron work history . Can you make it look similar to the others that are being done and combine it with the resume from HR . Thanks , Tom
Save 3 spots for the Texas desk if possible . Thanks . Tom
Laura , I can be reached at Home , Pager and Cell Phone in that order . Also whatever happened to the pager invoice issue , did it get paid or do I need to convert to personal account to keep it ? Tom
Ed , Sorry , I have been out for a few days . We have been marking the curves appropriately every day . Eric Bass and Dave Baumbach have continued to get broker quotes twice daily for the duration of the book and to mark the curves correctly . If you have any specific problems in Texas let me know . Tom
Jeff , Let's talk because I think it may make more sense to flip the other way . I was hoping to continue using Dave in the morning in the cash trading activities . So maybe he can run the Texas Risk group while trading phyical similar to what Daren is doing on the Logistics side . Tom
Jim , I could not open the attachment , can you resend it . Tom
The following is the spreadsheet for the Texas Desk .
I understand the control concern but it sure would allow us to be more efficient since Texas is small and clean ( probably not a full time manager job) . He has not and will not be taking risk positions ( at least not initially ) he has been and will be trading our daily Waha phyical volumes . If he evolved to a point where we wanted him to take risk positions we then could move him out of Risk . What do you think ? If you don't think this will work let me know , but in that scenario I guess I would say don't count on Dave . I guess I will have to move him into the Associate program or Logistics . I we go down that road then I feel like I need to run this by Dave since he effectively will be cutting his ties to Risk and taking some career risk . I am sure if it does not work out you or some other company would welcome Dave in a risk role . Let me know what you think or just call me and we can get together . Tom
John and Louise , I am planning to be on vacation from Thursday noon 12/20 and returning Monday 12/31 . I will be in Houston the whole time and available to come in if needed to help out on Due Dilegence or other matters . I can be reached at home 281-580-6280 , cell . 713-417-7994 or pager 800-503-3208 . I have made arrangements for the curves to be updated daily . If you have any questions don't hesitate to call . Happy Holidays ! Tom
Thanks for thinking of me . Not feeling too much like a hero , but still kicking . Happy holidays to you and your family!! ! Tom
I haven't worked on TBG in four years , so I am probably not who you want on this matter . I would suggest starting with Frank Vickers or Scott Neal . Tom
Hope you had a great holiday season ! Just checking to see if there is any new info on my ESOP rollover error situation . Let me know if you heard anything . Tom
I thought more about our phone conversation last night . Based on what you said and assuming this document is ok , count me in . Sorry my reaction was not as positive as you hoped but your comment about not being able to discuss who is on the team with anyone caught me off guard . I don't believe I have any issues with financial terms that you said ( again I want to see what it looks in writing) . I still don't fully understand your reasons for handling this the way that you are but at the end of the day you are correct when you say that even if 50% of the commercial people is all that we end up , this shop will still be better than any other on the street . I guess get me this document to look at when ever you can . Thanks , Tom
David , I made a few adjustments to your expense estimates based on a more detail look at actuals in 2001 and my previous 2002 budget . The total impact is to increase the budget by $68,000 . I also was not sure what your Rent , Technology and Transportation amounts were supposed to represent . Based on our previous discussions I thought that rent and technology are covered elsewhere , but I used your numbers anyway . I am interested in what that is supposed to be since it is not very much and those are potentially very large dollar categories if everything gets rolled in . Call me if you have any questions . Tom
Details , forgot to send attachment . Tom
Don , I received this from Lockheed Martin . We did not have anything with them . I am guessing this is yours . If not I will call the guy and find out what he is talking about . Tom
I have given this to O'Neal . Tom
New and improved budget to replace what I sent you yesterday .
I did not know if you heard that Enron has agreed to settle the dispute over NNG and will fullfill the earlier agreement to deliver the pipeline to Dynegy . Enron has the right to buy it back by June 30th . Enron will still proceed with the 10 billion wrongfull termination of merger suit and include NNG in that suit . Bottom line for now NNG employees will become Dynegy employees until this other suit is resolved and/or unless Enron excercises its right to buy it back . I wonder if this will impact Eric and Wendy ? Tom P.S . Are you out of bed yet , ya bum ?
Jeff , I could be in a tough situation at the desk with personnel . Right now Daren Farmer is evaluating an opportunity with AEP . If he stays and if we get pressure for another round of cuts; I may be in a situation that I have to do something with Dave . If Daren leaves then Dave is really the only one remaining with Waha experience , that is why I decided to move him to the desk . Bottom line to me is that based on discussions with you in the past and my experience , Dave is definitely a keeper for Risk and has gained some physical experience in the last six months that will help me out particularly if Daren leaves . Needless to say there are a lot of variables to manage here but I thought you should be aware it , particularly if I end up in a situation where I have to make more cuts . I am sure you are in a similar situation with some of your folks so you can probably relate to what I am going through . I will catch up with you as this unfolds but if possible don't completely put Dave out of your plans at this point . I have explained this situation to him and I think he understands given he is new to trading . Any thoughts ? Tom
I have it in my briefcase , I just forgot to get it out . Another slow day so far . I checked on the internet today about FannieMae and GinnieMae per Lisa's comments the other day . I learned that GinnieMae is a government owned company that buys and sells mortgages for HUD and FHA loans . They are basically the financing vehicle for these low income housing loans . FannieMae basically does the same thing but is a non-government owned company ( used to be government owned in 1967) . Both entities have had a history of financing the rebuilding of rundown urban areas in cities accross the country . So Lisa's friend/relative used these entities in the correct way but who knows if there is any truth to their future involvement in our area . Based on some of the stories I read they tend to focus on really bad areas . My guess is that on an individual house perspective these two entities provide a mechanism to resale low income housing mortages in the secondary market . So to the extent there are HUD or FHA loans in our neighborhood they are probably involved in the ultimate financing of these loans but that is it . I had no idea what these two entities did , kind of interesting . Tom
Sounds like a pretty good deal . I am always in favor of "free" . Tom
I looked over Daren's shoulder while he highlighted what needed to be deleted . Disregard my phone call . Tom
As a follow up to the Texas Business plan submitted on January 7th , please find more detail on our desired product rollout schedule during phase 1 and 2 . If you have any questions call me at ext . 33079 . Tom
Sorry , I thought you already had that info . Phase 1 is the day we turn on EOL ( January 21st) , Phase 2 is February . This timing should be consistent with the other gas regions . Basically financial products first and physical products second . If there is any changes between products in phase 1 and phase 2 , how much lead time do you need ? Tom
Louise , I asked Tammie to call the presenters to make sure of their availability . I also talked to Mari and she is trying to find a bigger room given the size of this group . She indicated that approximately half the group will review documents and the other half will participate in the presentations . Tom
Thanks . They are the same products . Tom
Try to go to this if you can . Tom
Daren notified me today that he has accepted a job with AEP . He is willing to stay for a week or so to help in our transition . I wanted to know what your thoughts were about moving Chris Germany from the Estate to the Manager of Logistics/Transportation role for the Texas Desk . If you agree I would like to have him spend time with Daren while he is still here . Let me know your thoughts . Tom
Just a heads up , I lost Daren Farmer as my Logistics Manager/Transportation person on Thursday . I have asked Chris if he would be interested . He said he would give me an answer on Monday . Tom
I talked to Chris about the Texas opportunity and he seemed interested . He still wanted to talk to Scott Neal about a potential cash trading role on the East desk . In the same breath he said that he welcomed an opportunity that had some commercial aspects but did not require running a book ( which the East desk job would probably require) . I believe he is hesitant to leave the East environment because he is so familiar with it . He said he will let me know on Monday morning . Tom
I just read an article on the Blomberg news service that says that there are now six bidders and it is expected to go on into the night . Each bidder is in a separate conference rooms and the lawyers are going from room to room to get the latest bid and provide updates as to what the best bid amount and structure is . Sounds wild . Tom
I am losing my Logistics Manager/Transportation person , Daren Farmer to AEP . I have talked to Chris Germany about this opportunity and he would like to do this job . Does this create any problems for you ? Given the current uncertainty about NETCO headcount and considering any transition issues you may have with Chris leaving , I thought we should leave things the way they are for now but develop a transfer date to be in a week or two . If you are OK with this move , I would like Chris to spend part of his time next week downloading from Daren as I have him through next Friday . On another matter , I believe Daren has E-mailed you about an agency agreement that we have with Cleburne Plant that needs to be transitioned to the estate . He knows the details as does Rick Hill ( I believe he is in your group) . We should probably get someone else in your group plugged into this deal ( Kathy Kelly?) , to handle to the administration of this deal . We should try to identify someone quickly so that he/she can download from Daren next week . Tom
I am still alive and kicking for now . We will know more in the next few days . Tom
Bob , I talked to Chris about the change of plans . I am sorry that it did not work out but Dave has more knowledge of the Texas grid and he runs our Waha physical trading activities . He works well with Mike and he is willing to do whatever we need him to do . He is spending the rest of the week to suck as much out of Daren as he can . If there is any training for the logistics systems that he can go to , he should do that as well . If you have any other recomendations to get him up to speed on the Logistics side I sure would appreciate it . Tom
Thanks for your help . Tom
Rob , Lavo has given me the idea that Brian Redmond may not be part of NETCO and it is possible that the Texas Gas Origination business may go away completely . I would like to talk to you before you make a final decision . I do not see it as a big money generator but similar to the East and Central it is a source of information for the trading business . It is even more imperative to have a couple of people talking to producers and customers in Texas because pipeline flow data is not accessible as it is in the interstate market . My opinion is if you had one person covering the producers and one covering the customers that would give us adequate coverage for information and make a little orig in the process . Give me a call to discuss at 713-853-3079 . Regards , Tom
John , You or Greg need to address the various groups with whatever generic information you can as to where we are in the process , expected timeline , hurdles before start up again , starting VAR and general organizational structure . People are moving from frustration to feeling insulted that they are expected to sit still with no information . I know you have a lot on your plate but if we really want people to hang in there a little longer before we address each individual's situation they need some sense of when they can expect closure . Tom
Thanks . I got Jim's and Eric's right after lunch . Jim was definitely not impressed but he said we would talk tomorrow . Eric seemed disappointed but I think if we can bump his retention from $50,000 to $75,000 per six months , I think I can get him over the hump . He is great value if we can get him for that . Tom
Stephanie , Jim Schwieger and Daren Farmer have left the Company . I also changes some of the Stack Manager and Web Access settings for some of the other guys . Call me if you have any questions .
Dave , I generally am pretty flexible regarding vacation as long as there is coverage . I am not sure that after we become UBS if vacation carryover will happen; my guess is that you will receive vacation based only on your years of service with Enron . Do you know the answer to that queston ? If not I will find out for you . Given the size of our group now , it will be hard for you and Mike to take four weeks of vacation after we start up again . I would encourage you guys to take some now before things get busy . Let's talk . Tom
When I tried to open it up , my system said that the attachment contained a virus . Tom
It said "may" contain a virus . Sorry!!! ! I looked at it and it looks fine . Tom
Based on my review it looks like our benefit costs for comparable coverages to what we had with Enron is about $50 higher per month with UBS . See attachment . Tom
Good article on the state of corporate America that caused an 'Enron-like" situation
No thank you . tom
Ok , I will try to take a look at it this afternoon or tonight . Tom
Jeanie , I know I am probably becoming a pain in the butt about this ESOP clerical error issue but I would like to get this wrapped up before we go to UBS . I do not believe that I will get any attention after I am no longer an Enron employee . Should I contact Robert Jones directly ? Tom
Thank you I will call her . Tom
Robert , Jeanie Slone has been in contact with you on my behalf about a clerical error that occurred when I tried to roll my remaining ESOP shares into the 401 K plan back in the August to September time frame . She indicated that there may be reason to believe that I will be reimbursed for this error but you were waiting for further information on the matter . Given that I will be going with the sale of the trading business to UBS in early to mid February , I wanted to get this situation cleaned up by then if at all possible . What steps do we need to go through to get closure on this matter ? Is there anything I can do to help ( ie . explain in person what happened) ? Any explanation that you can give as to how and when this error gets fixed will be greatly appreciated . Thanks , Tom
I know you are very busy with UBS stuff , so I e-mailed him just to see if there is anything I can do to help . Thanks , Tom
Any thoughts ? Tom
How did Daren leave this with you guys ? Let's talk . Tom
We can try . The guy who managed this deal for the desk left the Company but I thought he handed it off to Rick Hill in the estate . I will talk to the rest of the guys on the desk and find out what we have on it and call you . My basic understanding of this deal is that we provided services only and are agent for the plant . I believe Rick Hill is the commercial contact on the deal so he should be able to provide more insight to the whole deal . I will get back to you . Tom
You guys have the list right ? Can you send it to Mike ? Tom
I think Gary Bryan already sent you a list that had this info . Let me know if you did not get it . Tom
Thanks for the update . Tom
Thanks , Eric sent her all of the trader's login IDs after the meeting last week . Tom
I'll be there . Tom
I am telling the guys to use their own discretion about coming in tomorrow . My guess is that most of them will not come in . Tom
Laura , Did you get the time for my interview of the meteorologist tomorrow ? Also I plan to attend the Gas Fundamentals presentation tomorrow afternoon from 2-4 if you can send me a reminder . Tom
Starting on the 4th please include any trades with EPMI in your templates and your upload to the FTP server . These should correspond exactly to your excel spreadsheet . These should be reflected on the templates using the same logic as if you were trading with the apx . Call me with any questions . Thanks !
This is me in 10 years see attached .
I'm glad you had a good time . No mention of Pappasito's though . Kemah is always fun , watching the boats , drinking a longneck . We all walked in the Enron MS walk last weekend . It was fun but I had to carry Ben half of the way which gave be a better workout than I anticipated . Had a date with Deanne Sat night .  We went to "Bridget Jones Diary" . It was a good chick movie . Went to church and The Woodburn Tulip festival on Sunday . Pretty neat to see fields of tulips . Tell the kids we love them and are looking forward to good reports on their various activities . Love U Phil
Yo ! Things are OK here . I keep seeing your truck driving around here . Its a bummer not seeing ya'll in it . I hope you are settling in well . There are new faces around here everyday . I think this summer wil be pretty exciting . Take care .
2 or 3 games of each soccer and baseball 4 tickets to each game . Thanks !
Jeremy Morris Chris Mallory Bill Williams Chris Foster Tom Alonso / or Mark Fischer Sean Crandall
You are the sexiest woman alive !
Elliot , I need more info . What zone ? Is it strictly an SC trade ? What is the shape ? Will it change daily ? Who is the SC ? What is the proposed schedule ? Who is the counterparty in Enpower ? I would like the info Tuesday morning if possible . I will be out for the week starting Tuesday at 9:30 a.m . If this is not possible , Jeremy will need the info sometime later on Tuesday . Let's talk Tuesday morning .
I entered all the Mega deals in CAPS . We have them for at least another Month . I also updated the excel sheet for Mega and created a JUNE folder . June 1 file is also set up in that folder . I have not pulled the June data into that file . I have not checked out with anyone for June . They will be ready to ' check out on Tuesday . Make a point to call CRC and get any sc trades they have . Callaway is a new deal we have .  The info I have is that it will be a sale for 9MW flat every day for 5years . This is an EES deal . and will need to be entered on the EES sheet and entered on CAPS . I think APX1 will be the SC . Foster and Richter know about this deal . Just make sure it is accounted for as an EES deal , it will not appear in Enpower . There is a wind deal that Elliot did with Edwards Air Force Base . I don't have enough info on this yet . It starts June 1 .
shama lama ding dong
u mow mow
Somehow the commucication on these deals got fubared . I've gone with the assumption that we bought 3mw NP15 and ! 2 sp15 at 295 and $280 respectively for June . Did this happen ? If the idea was to flatten EES out ,  we should have sold to them . Any insight would be appreciated .
I THOUGHT YOU MEANT THAT THE HUSKER BBALL TEAM MADE THE BIG TWELVE PROUD . I'LL TAKE A DISTURBING THE PEACE CHARGE ANY DAY ,  JUST NO SLAPPING YO GIRLFRIEND KIND A CRAP . HOW ARE THINGS ? 
Diana , Please provide me with Enterprise Manager so can utilize SQL queries . Thank You !
Lincoln Police obviosly have a automatic link to the press . Or the press is pinging the rap sheets daily . This is not news . Don't tell me no aggies ever have fights with their girlfriends or punch out a guy over a girl . Its only news because of Local papers and police want it to be . Call the College Station Police and ask if any football players have been involved in any "assaults" . They'd probably tell you its not your business . This brown thing is funny because the new boyfriend kicked his ass .
o and if you critisize my futba program again I'll pull your hair and scratch you belly and throw a basketball at you .
Dave , Went OK . I gave Susan a few issues that need to be worked on . 1 ) Imports/Exports do not seem to be getting captured inFSP . 2)SC trades - some ponts other than CAlifornia were being captured . Some progress was made on Generation . If entered in Enpower correctly,they appear in FSP . The only problem is once we enter deals in enpower at detailed points , The enpower to caps report does not balance . We need Enpower to caps to be reformulated to include all NP SP and ZP deals including those at detailed points like sdg1,pandol_6_unit , etc . The 10day test for day ahead is done as far as i'm concerned . Susan was running template comparisons for the 1st thru the 3rd . which may need some work on our part .
FOR JULY THESE ARE NET POSITIONS . YOU ARE SHORT . 
Dennis , I'm attempting to understand how the UC-Davis deal , if done , will impact us .  How is this different than all of the other retail contracts that you service ? One concern that I had was if they opted to go for direct access and still had provisions to change their load on short notice(real time ) this would cause some big problems for our real time group . To my knowledge , we don't currently have any contracts like this . Is this the reason UC-Davis wasn't included in the original deal with the UC System ? Can you give me a call or an e-mail ? The number below is correct . Thanks !
wow . this is bad news . If he had pounded his girlfriend instead , I would feel better about our chances of winning a national championship .
Bob , I gladly pledge $50 and will have my company match it . I admire your willingness to do this .
what is this ?
this checks out on the volume
I'm very interested in going . Keep me posted . I'm sure Hannah will have a blast .
Group By Lkp.DateValue , Lkp.PeakOrOffPeak , RT.Entity ) RT , West_Spotindex DA and lkp.datevalue>'7/1/2001' Order By Lkp.DateValue
Group By Lkp.DateValue , Lkp.PeakOrOffPeak , RT.Entity ) RT , WEST_SPOTINDEX DA ORDER BY LKP.DATEVALUE
\BEGIN TRANSACTION PREFERRED \BEGIN TEMPLATE I_INTRCHNGE PRIOR_TYPE "OTHER"; LOSS_CMP_FLG "NO"; \BEGIN ADJ_BID \END \END TEMPLATE \END TRANSACTION
Where are the aggie headlines??? ? This is no big deal . A 20 year old gets drunk,some asshole cops treat them like shit and they mouth off to the asshole cops , who being the only ones able to excercise the power trip , get the last word . Same thing happened to me in Lincoln and I was not a football player . I had no sanctions and my charges were dropped . He will miss the opener because he's a player . When will espn give equal time to all of the other teams who have drunk 20 year olds getting into trouble . How are you by the way ? I really miss having you around , especially this time of year . OUT
fyi for your neighbor
yeah , the Offense was very unhuskerlike , except for Crouch , He had 150 yards passing which was fairly good . The line was not ready for such an aggressive D this early . I do think TCU has a great Defense as evidenced by their #1 Defense ranking last year . Evidently they had some depth as well becasue they lost half of their starters to Graduation/NFL . The bright spot was the Defense giving up only 165 yards of TOTal yards . their only score came on a broken play that went for 67yards . We were also lucky that Casey Printers pulled a muscle on that play . We played 2 true freshman alot on the D and they were very good . The D should be faster and more aggressive than last year . The Domers think they have a chance now that we only scored 21 on TCU . I say TCU is better than people think , but I'm glad we didn't open with NotreDame . I got your pictures . Your daughter is really cute . How will the aggies be ?
Hey Dave , Of course I remember you ! And you were right , Saturday the 25th was my birthday(37) . I feel especially old now that I am surrounded by 24year olds . I wish some old people like you were still around . How dou you like Phoenix ? and SRP ? And how is your family getting along ? I have 3 kids now . The last one is 19 mos old . I am done . We have more and more people around here . I am the last of the "Texans" .  The rest all went back to Houston . Brett Hunsucker went to ERCOT in Austin . I think he likes it . Miller and Forney and Smith Day are all working for Enron on the ERCOT desk . I can't trade this place for Houston . Drop me a line Dave . Its been good to hear from you !
If you can do all that ,  you can beat KSU . I think NU can beat everyone but OU . CU will be tough at Boulder no matter what . Its like UT playing the aggies . They get up for it . Also ISU will give us a game . If our D is attacking and we have a pass rush . We could be in the Title Game to play OU again .
Count me in . I'll give 10 and enron will match
I got it fed exed yeaterday
Please sign me up for the loser pool . My pick for this week is Chicago . The check is in the mail . Thanks ! Phil Platter
What voting buttons ?
No clue what you are talking about . We'll be there . 2 adults 3kids
solid perspective on current situation .
AWESOME
My pick for week 3 is Buffalo Platter
I see Montrell discovered he had only one kidney and was forced to quit . Too bad he didn't get an NFL signing bonus first . I think they will miss him . North Carolina should be easy . Good Luck . Be safe . Universities are an easy place for Terrorists to hide .
looks good
I entered an annuity for april thru september . We should bill them for October the first of next week and on the first of each month thereafter .
from west_spotindex where cadatetime>'8/31/2001' group by cadatetime,peakoroffpeak,zonecode,price)da , and lkp.datevalue>'8/31/2001' and lkp.datevalue='9/1/2001' Where DA.zonecode=RT.entity And DA.zonecode=ISO.deliverypoint and DA.cadatetime=RT.datevalue and DA.cadatetime=ISO.datevalue and DA.PeakorOffPeak=RT.PeakorOffPeak and DA.PeakorOffPeak=ISO.PeakorOffPeak and lkp.datevalue=da.cadatetime and lkp.datevalue=rt.datevalue and lkp.datevalue=iso.datevalue ORDER BY LKP.DATEVALUE
I pick New England Platter
Dear Don , I enjoyed your article . You are right , we are a little sensitive . That's a natural reaction when something you are so proud of is criticized . I must admit I almost e-mailed you after reading your pre-game article . What irritates my sensitivities is when it is pointed out that NU players have had trouble with the law . These episodes , misdeameanors or not are not something any husker fan is proud of . Surely there are players in every program who have fights with their girlfriends , or who drink too much and don't have the sense to leave a party when asked . My problem is that whenever a NU player messes up , it is news . It's as if there is a Lincoln Journal Star reporter with an office in the Lincoln PD complete with scanners , just waiting for some "news" to break . I don't think ISU or any other school has such a spotlight put on them . College kids everywhere do such things and pay for them quietly . I don't wish we knew about every infraction at every school . It would be nice if reporters could put things in perspective and stick to the event they are covering . This all started when we were the defending and still contending National Champions who had the leading Heisman candidate in the backfield . The Lawrence Phillips issue back then was news because of the Heisman hype and because of the severity of his offense . He became the posterboy for abuse of females , and perhaps rightfully so , but enough already . Leave us alone until , God forbid , we end up with another Lawrence Phillips . Before I ramble on about this sensitive issue . Let me thank you for your post game article which was fair and balanced . You are right , Most NU fans are good , a few of us are not good fans or role models . NU fans continue to wish ISU and Iowa the best . Most of us are happy to see the Iowa teams do well . Take care .
Scotty , I want to talk with you about the position you have open . Please let me know when you may be available to talk . Thanks !
Bob , What's up ? Thanks for the recent e-mails . Did you happen to get together with Lisa last weekend ? I am heading to Omaha the weekend of the 27th to see the folks and help them out with some things . I will most likely get together with Orhan sometime that weekend . Let me know if by chance you will be around . Say hello to Traci . be safe !
Hey ! I am going to Omaha the weekend of this game . It is one of those games every true husker fan must attend . Let me know if ya'll may be interested or just drop me a line to let me know that you are still alive . I think the huskers can beat OU since our D has improved so much . I worry about the Offense not showing up on every play . We will need a better pass rush to beat OU . How good are we this year ? We'll find out at this game . KSU sucks . OUT .
I don't know when I'll make it to Houston next . It's been almost a year since I've been there and that was to interview with someone else . I like it up here but can't help but feel I may have to return to Houston sometime . The family is fine . Kids are 8,5 and almost 2 . You can probably picture what our life is like . Everyone is fine . If you come up here for a game let me know , also if your son needs anything don't hesitate to ask . I wish I sould sit in a sports bar with you and watch a game . Not a lot of people to watch it with up here . Haven't played golf in a long time . I like your enthusiam when it comes to the Huskers . I hope you are right and they decide to bring the wood every game . I'm supposed to have some tickets through one of the brokers but haven't got them yet . I bet I get stiffed . I think $150 should get me in there otherwise but think I's rather watch it on tv for that much jack . I'll get back with you later .
I'll be in Omaha this weekend . I get there Thursday night and go back Monday afternoon . I'll be spending alot of time with the folks but we should get together . Later
sign me up phil platter
hey ! We are all fine . How is Miller ? Did he survive the trip to Lubbock. . Ha ! He's right the aggies always get kicked in the cohones by the Red Raiders . Must have been a good game . I am officially poor now thanks to Enron's financial wizards . You have to be glad you left . drop me a line . Take care !
which is da best marinate fo fryin turkee !
Brysch is fine . I guess he bought a boat for fishing in the Bay . He is still in Broadband and I think is safe . With his skills he should be one of the guys to turn out the lights if that is to happen . Enron Sucks . The CFO and Skilling took my retirement for themselves . I want to piss on them .
Hell yes ! Our Mothers were best friends when we grew up in C.B . His mother loved us and that created some competitive spirit between us . I beat Jeff in 6th grade in a run for student Council at Hoover . We were friends but didn't really like each other if that makes any sense . Personally , I quit hanging out with him when he wanted to always take our shirts off and wrestle on his sisters bed . I thought he was a little weird . He did show up to Mitch's visitation which meant alot to me . I would support Siegrist . Do not forward this to anyone .
I'm still debating . I have been invited to Jackson Hole the week before by some power brokers in NYC . I don;t necessarily have to go to that but in light of recent developments at Enron , I may have to look at some networking opportunities there .
THANKS!!!!!!! ! YOU ARE AMAZING !
Just heard some Austin Powers sound bites reverberate through the floor . It reminded me of the good ol days . How the hell are you doing bcwd ?
here you go !
call me
purchase from calpine for standard on and offpeak products for Friday , December 14th thru Tuesday , December 18th , 2001 he zone off/on mw hours mwh price amount
Are you nuts ?
Yes ! and when you come visit I'll take my ring off my finger and stick it in your face and ask if you've seen my beautiful ring yet . Then I'll sit next to my fellow and hold his hand in order to try to force you to get used to the idea that I am so in love and that this is all so right , even though I and especially my fellow look extremely constipated . I will not be attending the wedding .
oh , you don't know the half of it . Look for baby #5 from the baby machine to be conceived by next x-mas . Oh , yeah ! She has repeatedly dropped hints that she would like to have another one . Mark it down .
Serena , Please use the new sheet to schedule california . It is called ca0117estate . It is in the 2002 directory . This will be the only sheet we use . We will no longer have a separate EES Sheet . The load will be pulled into this new sheet . See me for details and questions .
Steve & Christian , After talking with the Southwest desk here is what is happening with Azusa . Deal #831407.1 Paloverde Heavy Load 10mw Purchase from Azusa at $32.50 1/1/02 thru 3/31/02 Deal #537901.1 Paloverde Heavy Load 10mw Sale to Azusa at $139.00 1/1/02 thru 12/31/02 These two deals are the only ones active for January and are being performed on . They are booked out financially . All other deals I found are for Q3 '02 and beyond . I hope this clarifies some things .
Mr . Ried , I thought I'd drop you a line to inquire about the energy marketer position you have had open . I understand you had the position open internally and that if you did not find a qualified candidate you would consider outside candidates . I am currently awaiting an offer from UBS , the new owner of Enron's wholesale trading assets . I want to reiterate my desire to return to Omaha and to work for OPPD . Please let me know of the status of your search for an energy marketer . I can be reached on my cell at 503-701-9736 . Thanks !
Please see attached . I look forward to workin with you Kate !
the 31st was on sparky and downloaded fine . Thankks !
Here is what I started working on yesterday -- it isn't very far along .
When it comes to commitments involving website postings , scheduling or balancing , could I please ask that my group be copied on settlements and proposals . It is not my intent to meddle in your good efforts -- just to make sure that I understand what is involved in complying . In the case of the Transwestern setttlement offer -- my only comment/concern is that I would hope we could coordinate our posting formats with the GISB rules -- otherwise we will have conflicting requirements & have the expense of having different posting formats for our different pipes . "Transwestern will work in good faith to simplify the exising posting formats on its electronic bulletin board , consistent with the GISB formats for informational postings . " Is there an SLA settlement/proposal that I can get a copy of ?
These both track with the last drafts that I saw and commented on .
Thanks looks good . I guess I just have a chip on my shoulder these days about being relegated to the world of details !
Jackie , Here is the Children's Church newsletter article: Children's Church Update A children's worship service is held each Sunday ( except for Communion Sundays ) during the 11:00 worship service . Children attend the first part of the regular worship service in the Sanctuary and then proceed to children's church after the children's sermon . Please tend to your child's personal needs before worship , so our children's church leaders can focus on teaching . The mission of children's church is to help prepare children ( ages 3 years through 3rd grade ) to participate in worship . This Fall the children are learning that our "church backpack" is filled with things that help us worship -- our bibles , hymns , offering , and prayer . Ask your child about how to make a prayer sandwich ! Thanks Shelley P.S . Please send me your daughter's email when you have a chance .
Andy - I may join by phone , depending on logistics this afternoon . I'll let you know .
Toby , Can you please provide me with a complete set of all the postings & extentions related to the outage to remove the MOPS 831 platform ( starting around Aug 24 and continued several times) .
Toby , Could you please take a look at the format of the outage postings . Maybe I'm going at this the wrong way , but when I try to pull up a specific outage posting , I always get a whole set of outage postings . For example when I try to pull up the chaim of postings related to the NNG MOPs 831 outage , I can't just pull up the specific posting , I also get other outages . Why can't each outage posting be its own document ?
Here are my additional suggestions
Letter looks good . Just a few thoughts: - In addition to the categories of feedback and promise to work on these areas , should we provide a list of specific things that we have done ? - Should we attach the first round of FAQ that matches questions from the meeting ? Instead of referring to the ETS directors - lets put Lynn , Steve and your phone numbers in the letter ?
I'm flexible on the departure time
Ricki - Jean has been terrific in handling half a dozen emergencies this summer and the move logistics . I would like to give her a gift from the gas logisitics team . Should we send her flowers or do you have any other ideas ?
Yes I will attend & I will bring a guest
Would you be my guest ?
Can I get on the list to get a copy of the Socal billing issue complaint draft ? 
Meet you downstairs at 5:50 -- that way we'll hit the HOV at "2" person time .
Oops my mistake . I've lost track of my dates & was thinking that Winefest was several weeks off . Its next week !
This is the message I'm getting when I try to access the FERC website . Shelley Corman Enron Internal Server Error The server encountered an internal error or misconfiguration and was unable to complete your request . Please contact the server administrator , nancyh@gmu.edu and inform them of the time the error occurred , and anything you might have done that may have caused the error . More information about this error may be available in the server error log . Apache/1.3.19 Server at www.gmu.edu Port 80
Thanks for her address
Catherine , Your mom gave me your email address and said that she mentioned that I would be emailing you . This summer , my husband , Kim Erb , and I hosted a 4-year old girl named Alina from an orphanage in Taraz . She came to us as part of Kidsave International's summer miracle program . She returned with her group back to the orphanage at the end of August . We miss her terribly . We have been working anxiously to complete our dossier and our INS approvals to be able to bring Alina back to our family permanently . Obviously world events have us very anxious about the adoption . We are just as resolved to bring Alina home and I'd leave tomorrow if I had all the approvals . My hope was lifted by hearing that you were able to travel home to Kazakstan last week . We are working with an adoption agency called Across the World Adoptions . Their Kazakstan agents are Sergei Pikalov and Larisa Reznikova . Alina's orphanage in Taraz is called Ulan & this was the first time they ever participated in a summer program to send kids to the US . There isn't any way for me to call or mail Alina now that she is back in the orphanage . I am so fortunate that I am able to correspond via email with Sergei's wife ( Larissa -- different Larissa ) who was here this summer as a host with the kids . Larissa and Sergei live in Almaty . Larissa is a medical student . She is rapidly improving her English through her visit and our continued correspondence . Yesterday I was so touched that Larissa sent me a photograph of Alina . Sergei was in Taraz last week and saw dear Alina & she is well . Sorry for the long-winded background . I hope you won't mind corresponding with me and offering me some travel advice . In His Name , Shelley Corman scorman@enron.com ( work ) cormanerb@cs.com ( home )
A couple of thoughts on the SoCalGas Complaint 1 . Perhaps you will want to emphasize this as being a computer system programming mistake -- not a billing mistake . The point would be to distinquish that its not like someone sat down to bill SoCalGas , read the Global Settlement and agreed with SoCalGas' interpretation of how to bill this . The point would be to show that we made a mistake in putting the computer programming in-place to handle this . 2 . I don't think the GISB 6-mo limitation went into effect until 4/97 -- so arguably it doesn't address this issue . Nevertheless , I agree with the mistake language . The GISB transcript excerpts that I clipped for Dari & Chris Sebesta for the IES dispute would be germaine ( i.e . GISB didn't intend to bar mistakes )  . 3 . There is a FERC case that you might want to also cite for the concept of the equity of correcting past mistakes . Transco discovered an error in their fuel calculation that was many years old . FERC let them re-bill customers for something like $13 million dollars of undercharges . I think this is a 2000 case .
This order is even better . It says that courts have founds that any refussal to allow a correction must be proportionate with the mistake .
Thanks for the update .
Suzanne , Next time you talk to Liz Gras would you pass along my phone number and email . I am anxious to correspond with her and see where she is in the process and her thoughts about travel plans . I know that the adoption agency wants to group the Taraz families together for court dates/travel . One of the other Houston families ( Swangos ) has made progress on their dossier and turned in their INS approval . The other ( the Westbrooks ) haven't yet applied for passports or begun their dossier . I want to be very supportive and accomodate all the families -- after all the goal line is home for all these children . At the same time , I need to form realistic concepts of likely timeframes for our family . I think talking to Liz will be helpful on this front . Thanks for all your help . After you make the homestudy changes noted below you will resend to Gwyn ? Then she'll send to me to send to INS ? Probably sometime next week ? I'm planning to take a vacation day tomorrow -- and the type A person that I am , I'm just afraid that I'll miss some important action that I should be taking . You can reach me on my cell at 713-857-2103 if you need to reach me tomorrow .
Could you please send some insight into the Gas Pipeline Operational flow i|
Per Jan's recent Commission meeting summary I just noticed the Commission had added a discussion item on OFOs . They didn't get to this at yesterday's meeting , but will take up on Oct . 11 . Help Joe -- what is this about ? Is there some possibility of the FERC curbing our ability to use OFOs ? This is an absolutely critical tool for us to keep -- even though we seldom use . Where/when can we make our case . RE: G-33 . DOCKET# GX01-1 000 Discussion of Gas Pipeline Operational Flow Orders
Hi Cyndi , Chad does not have soccer practice tonight so we are free to meet for dinner pretty much anytime . I know you are trying to tie up loose ends at the office and I could stand to work a little late tonight . How does 7 PM at Cafe Express sound ? Kim , can you pick up Chad and meet me there ? Gaby says she may take Chad to Lucas later this afternoon . Please pay Gaby if you see her -- as I have given her the day off tomorrow .
Hi , Sorry I didn't get back to you yesterday . Chad had soccer practice last night & I have something I must do tonight . I'm taking the day off tomorrow . Would there be a good time to visit tomorrow ? When is Tom home from school - so he and Chad could play . Or , if you'd rather , I'd be happy to sit with Kathleen or the kids anytime this weekend . Two other items when you get a chance: -Are you still selling Nutcraker tickets ? I can't recall the date . -Are you still interested in me selling Shopping Cards at Enron . I need to reserve dates/table space in lobby . Hope all is well . Talk to you soon . Shelley
Yes , I'm taking off tomorrow . Wish you could too . I'm planning on taking Chad to the Zoo .
FYI
I agree . Elizabeth is making these changes .
yes - let it rip
Not that I can think of
I'm fine with the filing
Here are my edits to the FAQ document . Sorry but I don't understand the pool allocation response . My notes indicate that we also need to answer the questions - where storage allocation notices appear - why storage allocation notices come out at a later time . Fixes already put in place In the follow-up letter we categorize the feedback . Can't we go one step further and say that we have already addressed some items: - Make customers aware that they can call HotTap Helpdesk for calls - Raise awareness of need to minimize mrongin meetings - Haven't we taken a step to notify EDI customers about system downtime - We have taken the step of immediately notifying customers of system outages - Aren't we adding an injection/withdrawal indicators - Can't we immediately change the confusing descriptors "storage analysis completed" vs "storage allocations completed" {See my suggestion in FAQ}
Sure -- Let me first make a run at the business needs and then prior to the general notice email , I'll take care of charitable requests . Good idea .
Here is my recollection of the sequence of events . The concept of an operationally available capacity report and what it contains are already in GISB standards . FERC then picked up on this concept , added design capacity & said that the report needs to be updated at each nomination cycle in Orders 587-L and in Order 637 transactional reporting . GISB has since adopted standardized data formats for the transactional reporting , recently published in GISB version 1.5 standards . While these standard formats have been adopted , and I believe that we are following these formats , they haven't yet been adopted by FERC -- so other pipelines may or may not yet be following . I'll try to look at the NGPL posting over the weekend and compare to ours . Also - I'm sending your email to Theresa Hess to confirm my recall of the standardization .
Mike - I have Stan's staff meeting at 8 .
Please store this info for me
Please save these files to a diskette for me , make a copy ( so I can store one at home ) & label the files Customer E-Mail Contact Info .
Gary -- The biggest problem that I have experienced with emergency employee contact information during Tropical Storm Allison & during recent system outages is that all our contact lists are stored in an intranet environment . When systems or the Internet are down , we can't get to the contact info . I am now resorting to keeping a copy of customer contact info stored on a diskette . Are there any plans to store a copy of this info on a non-Enron ISP that could be accessed from our Home ISP if the Enron intranet or servers are down ?
Pam , Thanks for all your help on the move/relocation . I think you , Donna Scott & Jean McFarland have made the process of moving very efficient for all involved . On the longer range issue; however , I need to elevate my level of concern that the moves are having on customer service issues . Since Tropical Storm Allison , ETS has experienced one computer system outage after another; including the virus problem the week before last . This morning our scheduling system is out and we are having Internet problems -- both of which are impacting customer nominations . During system outages it is imperative that gas logistics be able to mobilize and implement back-up plans to ensure customer transactions . This is best handled by having a central staging area . I realize these system reliablity problems have nothing to do with our moves or with the ultimate location of the Gas Logistics group . Certainly I am pursuing these reliability concerns with Steve Hotte . But , in light of these issues , I would like to talk about the timing & end state of where Gas Logistics is to be located and how long it is going to take to make this happen . I know that your first priority of late has been to get us off 41 . Now that that has happened , I'd like to talk about the timing for which floor remodeling comes next ( 39 , 42 , etc ) and the ramifications for my group .
Sounds interesting ( although I don't have capital dollars at this point for modifications to make CAS accessible to customers) . Let me touch base with my team to talk about this concept & I'll get back with you .
Ladies , The Holiday Shopping Card is a wonderful holiday tradition . The card entitles the holder to a 20% discount from November 1-November 11 at a range of stores throughout town such as Berings , Macy's , Events , Harold Powell , Banana Republic , Tootsies , JoAnn's , Williams Sonoma , Pottery Barn , Richards Liquors , Children's Collection , Talbots Kids , Zainy Brainy and many , many more . The cards are available for $60 . The entire $60 goes to the American Cancer Society and is tax-deductible . Checks and credit cards are accepted . Please contact Kimberly Nelson at x33580 if you'd like to purchase a Holiday Card and start your holiday shopping early and benefit a great cause at the same time .
There was no attachment
Looks great
Suzanne , Hope you are doing well . Any update on when Gwyn will sign and forward the homestudy ? I was hoping that I might be in a position to forward to the INS later this week . I have all completed the rest of my dossier and am now focused on INS approval . Shelley Corman
Please mark on my calendar & print out this file .
Please forward this letter & invoice to GulfSouth . I am sending an email copy to Claire .
Thanks for you voice message . I have been traveling the last couple days and thought Tim forwarded the memo & invoice on Monday . In reality , he was on a trip with some Gulf South folks & just returned to the office today . He sent the attached memo and invoice this morning . I was a bit off with my timing -- as September accounting close is tomorrow . Thanks again for your help in resolving this matter .
I think we expected it . The ALJ said he need more time for his decision . On a positive note , it gives the parties more time to discuss settlement
Yes Thank You - The Home Study arrived yesterday in the mail and I'm shipping it off to the INS today . I just go back in town last night from a business trip and am anxious to Liz today .
Liz , I'm not sure if we met either time at the Austin airport this summer . My husband and I hosted 4-year old Alina , part of the same Taraz group as your child . We miss her terribly and are counting the days until we can bring her home . We're certainly not looking forward to travel at this time , and even less happy about leaving our 6-year old son home while we are out of country , but we are resolved to bring Alina home -- the sooner , the better . Based on conversations with Ginger and Chris , it sounds like we may face the travel adventure at the same time -- although I'm not sure when . We have completed our dossier ( although I haven't sent the originals to Ginger); completed our home study & sent into INS recently; and we've already done the INS fingerprinting . So I guess the next steps are INS approval , shipping stuff off to Kazakstan , and getting our Kazakstan visas . One of the hardest parts of the Kidsave program is not being able to communicate with the kids when they return . She is in the Ulan orphanage in Taraz . Alina speaks only Kazak , no Russian , so I'm not sure how I'd communicate with her long distance even if I had an address or phone number . Fortunately I have received periodic emails from Larissa , the escort that came to Houston with the children this summer . Her husband , Sergei , has been to visit the children in Taraz & she sent me a picture of Alina . Sorry to ramble so . I'm anxious to talk to you about your child , your travel plans , possibilities for hiring an escort , etc . Please feel free to call or email me anytime . Here is my contact info . Shelley Corman ( husband Kim Erb ) 14126 Scarborough Fair scorman@enron.com ( work ) cormanerb@cs.com ( home ) 713-853-7083 ( work ) 281-531-0385 ( home ) 713-857-2103 ( cell )
If you haven't filed yet - the reference should be to gas logistics and not market services . Thanks
John - As promised , albeit a week late - ETS Communication Budget for 2001 & 2002 . 2002 Plan 2001 Plan 2001 Plan vs Actuals
I'd change the reference to Management Team to "Gas Logistics Team"
In the past we have blessed RAC as a truly corporate function with whom we could share information and receive services . When I read that there are power trading folks on the RAC team , my radar goes up about the need to put firewalls in place within RAC .
Looking forward to our discussion .
I don't think that it is absolutely imperative to attend . However , we may be able to help Joe define some of the customer benefits of electronic service . Can one of the Tobys attend ?
Please also put all this data with the weekly calendar
Fine with me
Please see the attached notice about a drawing for Astros Playoff tickets to be held today .
Hey all , Can I get a copy of the settlement bullets sent to FERC staff and indicated shippers . Lynn , Darrell , Brad & I are working on ideas on how we could revised current posting and customer point/path/segment look-up capabilities and are interested in learning whether our revised capacity procedures are any more specific than in the earlier draft we looked at .
I was referring to the fact that Bearpaw is an actual marketing affiliate of NNG and is posted as such on the website . Bearpaw has a transport contract on NNG .
I can't join you in walking this year , but you can put me down for a $50 contribution . I don't need a shirt though -- I still have JDF shirts from years past .
Sorry but Lynn already gave it away
I talked to Ginger this morning . She received my dossier and is sending it for translation . She said she will be at Chris Ivins today reviewing dossiers . She also said that there is a possible change in document requirements that would require that certain documents be "apostilled" in Austin . I asked Ginger to send you the picture of Oksana . She said that she thought she had already had . She said she left you a voice message & would try to call you again later . Talk to you soon .
Please print and store for next week's calendar items
Caroline - Would you be amenable to renaming your weekly report ? There is some confusion that this report is the Gas Logistics report . Thanks for your help .
Jo , Kent & Dave , Per our joint meeting in Omaha several weeks ago and subsequent conversations with Jo and others , the morning meeting report has been revised to: - Remove unnecessary line pack and yesterday's plan info . - Add additional interconnect points - Add fuel and a system balance computation for the Market , Midcontinent and Permian area - Improve formatting and readability . Dale will shortly forward a draft of the new report . Please confirm that it meets with your expectations . We would plan to put this new format in place mid-week next week .
Please RSVP that I will attend .
Mike - I'll be out at the Ops . conference until 9 AM . Could you please coordinate the meeting time at the Enron building with Jude/Bill . Ricki I'm assuming that you have set our travel to ballpark . Also , I want to make sure that we make the trip worth their while . Mike - Can we quickly pull together dinner/happy hour plans ( casual ) downtown after the game ( perhaps Ricki could reserve a spot for 10 at the old Irma's over by the ballpark ) where Dannis , Steve , Jack , Rachel , schedulers , etc . meet us . I need to leave downtown by 7 PM for a meeting this evening and I want to make sure that we have entertainment reinforcements .
Danny , Thanks for securing the Astros tickets for Gas Logistics . On Monday afternoon I had everyone gather and we had popcorn and a drawing for yesterday's seats , the extra seats for today and this Friday's opening Aeros game . It turned out great . Even though I followed this democratic process -- the winners turned out to be exactly the people I wanted to reward . I also made sure to have a leader in each group to buy the snacks . Yesterday Brad took Jodie Floyd , Jerry Graves , and Tracy Minter,Toby Kuehl and Lanny Cramer . Today Dannis Bellard , Dale Ratliff , Terry Kowalke and Steve Chambers are going to the game . It was a great morale builder . Thanks . We'll try to do this again next week if we have extra tickets ( Astros cooperating of course) . Today , Bill Murphy of FPL and Jude Campbell of TECO-PGS are coming to town to go to the game with Mike Bryant and I . I'm also going to have a dinner for them after the game . Perhaps at Irma's where hopefully Jack and Rachel will join us . I'll have Ricki leave you a message if you are interested in stoping by . Early this AM I'll be out speaking at Phil's Ops conference . I'm going to call Julie to get on your calendar to brief you on some key logistics issues and talk about issues related to our current seating arrangements .
Something like "Financial Support- IT & Gas Logistics"
Please add to my calendar
FYI Only Attached is a copy of the Gas Logistics presentation that I gave at Phil Lowry's operations conference this morning .
Stan , Attached is a summary of the current pipeline segment GISB Board terms and suggested motions for the upcoming INGAA Board Meeting . Summary of Pipeline Segment GISB Board Terms Name Company Term Expires Another Term ? Stan Horton Enron Transportation Services Dec 31 , 2001 No Richard Kruse Duke Energy Gas Dec 31 , 2002 n/a Terry McGill Columbia Gulf Transmission Dec 31 , 2001 Yes Ron Mucci Williams Gas Pipeline Dec 31 , 2002 n/a John Somerhalder El Paso Energy Pipeline Group Dec 31 , 2001 Yes Suggested Board Motion: * Motion to extend board terms of Messers Somerhalder and McGill for another two-year term and elect Shelley Corman of Enron for a two-year board term though Dec . 31 , 2003 . Joe - Please make sure that Joan Dreskin adds GISB Board Representation as an item for the upcoming INGAA Board Meeting .
Glad you had fun -- but sorry the Astros didn't do their part !
I'll be at the meeting Friday . Caroline tells me that it is strictly a revenue review - no O&M . Do you want to go over just revenue with my team or both revenue/O&M ?
No revenue is better . I've already been over our O&M with my directors .
Too much partying yesterday -- so I didn't finish my homework . I'm still working on the slides and probably will be during the Commission meeting . So I'll send them to you by 10:30 AM of so . If you are available to edit them during a working lunch in my office let me know .
It has been terrific to correspond with Liz & satisfying to help her get info on Oksana from my correspondence with Larisa . My dossier is with Ginger , hopefully being translated . I have not yet received my INS approval and I'm scared that I'll anger them if I start calling .
Thanks . I got your voice message . I'm good with getting together on Tuesday , but I would also like any major formatting feedback in advance of the meeting if possible so that we can walk away from the meeting on Tuesday with the final product . Otherwise , I'm concerned that we'll never get out of the cycle of perpetual feedback & differences in preferences of formatting style .
Kent , I can get together on Tues . at 1:30 . I certainly want to make this report as useful as possible . But , in some regards I feel like I failed my group in not memorializing the notes from our Omaha meeting on the specific changes that we agreed as a group to make to the report . I have kept Dale in a state of fiddling with this report for two months now . For example , my notes from our meeting reflect the fact that we decided against trend information . I am certainly willing to change that decision if you guys collectively agree . Have you considered whether we need different types of reports rather than try to accomplish all on this page . The purpose of the current page is for gas logistics to report on what is happening on the system ( i.e . how the physical world is tracking to the paper world) . We need to run through this exercise from a gas logistics side each day even if it isn't meaningful to marketing . I'm not adverse to the concept of studying shifts in gas flows from day-day or year-year , but perhaps this is a distinct analytical tool . Hopefully we can work out these details on Tues & then run with it .
FYI
Thanks for the invite . Unfortunately , we have a customer meeting at South Shore Harbor that day . Hope you are doing well . I haven't made it home to a football game yet this year -- although I guess that has been a blessing . Shelley Corman
Please add to my personal contact list
Here is my two cents.. . From your message I understand that the tree trunk is entirely on our property and branches overhang the condominium fence . If so , then the tree belongs to Ashford . The condominium probably has the legal right to trim branches up to the property line , but may not go on our property or destroy the tree . A landowner is generally not required to trim its tree unless it knows the tree to be dangerous or the tree is obstructing a public road . A landowner can't be negligent unless they have legal duty to do something . Since the condominiums concern appears to be aestetics and not safety , there doesn't appear to be a "negligence" issue . Further , a landowner isn't negligent for natural conditions such as a tree falling onto others property during a storm unless the landowner knew the tree was unstable prior to the storm . If the condominimum choose to sue the church for failure to maintain the tree , they would have to do so on a "nuisance" theory arguing that thetree interferes with the use and enjoyment of their property . Still to prevail on a nuisance theory they would probably have to argue that the tree was dangerous . Bottom Line: We don't have a responsibility to trim the tree , but it seems sensible to let the condominium trim the tree so that issues don't ever arise later if a storm blew limbs down .
Do you know ?
Hi Ms . Traylor , I gave my mom a heads up that "flat Stanley" would be arriving in the mail soon -- but it seems like recent mail jitters are coming into play . Before poor Stanley is needlessly tossed on fears of biological terrorism could you confirm whether Master Stanley might be in a brown envelope ? I didn't have Ms . Jung's email . Hope all is well with you . I am so pleased with how happy Chad is with school . At first he expected to be coddled like Kindergarten and complained that 1st grade was too hard . Boy how things have changed in a month . Yesterday he told me that he was so happy that school was hard -- Kindergarten was soooooo boring . I really appreciate the firm , yet compassionate manner you have with the kids . It is just what Chad needs to develop . While I'm writing , I will also mention one thing to you in case it comes up at school . Over the summer we hosted a 4-year old orphan girl ( Alina ) from Kazakhstan . She had to return to her orphanage while we complete paperwork to adopt her . The other day , Chad was watching TV and saw a picture of some Afghan children . He commented how much they look like Alina and then burst out in tears . If the school works on a project for the Afghan kids , Chad may seem a little more emotional than usual -- just wanted you to know . Regards , Shelley Corman ( Chad's Mom )
The Orphans petitions coordinator at the Houston INS office called this morning to say that our paperwork appeared in order and that she has an appointment to review our case with her supervisor this afternoon . She said that we should receive the approval notification form within a week . Shelley Corman 713-853-7083 ( work ) 713-857-2103 ( home )
Chris , I also wanted to mention that I confirmed the Connie Davis of Travel Brokers received our passports and Kazakstan and Russian visa applications and is holding them pending instructions from you . Shelley Corman 713-853-7083 ( work ) 713-857-2013 ( cell )
I'm fine with these latest changes to our OBA mark-up .
I'm traveling to Florida on a business meeting on Thursday . If Fred the chicken is available , I'd be pleased to have him accompany me .
Please add to my contact list - this is one of Chad's teachers
This is the other teacher . Please add to contact info .
Please add to contacts
You don't need to keep the attachment . I was going to read it online -- but since you've printed I'll take it along for casual reading . I just want to add Liz Gras email address to my contacts . Sorry for the confusion .
I thought you'd get a chuckle out of the email below -- especially the part where he copied Stan . This is some unsolicited feedback I received on the presentation I gave to Phil's staff . I'm not quite sure what to make of the fact that he was "sold" on my seriousness . Evidentally there was some issue..... .
Please add Suzanne Hoffman to my contact list -- Her email address is twhiteman@austin.rr.com
For SLA file
SLA File
Sherry called Kim the other night to see if he would run for the HOA . Surely there must be more to this . Why wouldn't the HOA pay their bills ? I'll have to ask Joe Carrabba tonight .
Drew - In your new organization is Frazier the marketing affiliate attorney ? or Hartsoe ? We need to continue to refine the procedure for posting updates . For example this week I found some overdue changes that needed to be made to the website .
I think it sounds worthwhile -- since Linda Breathitt and Stacy Girard are participating . If Stan is unavailable , I think Phil Lowry or Mike Nelson would also be great choices .
Here is my mark-up . Please make sure that it is factually correct .
Thanks
I agree since I am at the bank right now
Now I'm back at my desk . I think we've finally found the right tool for you to stay constantly in touch with me .
Great
Great ! I will review them on Monday no need to send to FL .
Are you going to apply ?
I am out of town on business . Are you interested in dinner tomorrow night at cafe express ? On Sat Chad has a 3 pm soccer game and at 5.30 birthday party . We can work around these plans if you prefer .
I am out of town on business tonight . I saw you called but thought it is probably too late to reply . Yes I would like to attend the conference and would love to get together while you are in town . I will give you a call tomorrow night when I get back to town . I didn't hear from Ginger this week . I did talk to Connie the travel broker and she said that she was just holding our visa stuff pending instructions from Chris Ivins . Suzanne emailed me that Randi Thompson the head of Kidsave is in Kazakstan right now and will be sending out an email to the Kidsave families . Regards . Shelley
Whqt interview ?
Great . I am getting back early around 4.30 . We will meet you at 6.30 even if John is late we can have wine and catch up .
I am getting home early . We are supposed to land at 3 pm . Love you . 
Please set something up
Thanks for taking the lead on this
We received our INS approval today and will overnight thr notarized version to Ginger Monday . So it is all in Ginger's hands now . Shelley
Rick , When I was approving latest expense report I noticed an item listed Gulfstream project ( lunch with Keith Higginbotham) . I have been working on Gulfstream OBA & interconnect agreement with Frazier/Dot/ Sharon for several weeks . I didn't realize that you were working on Gulfstream items too . What is your team working on on Gulfstream ? Also can I get a copy of the revised contract quick reference manual . I think I had the outdated one prior to the latest printing . Thanks Shelley
I now have another meeting over the lunch hour . Perhaps another day this week ?
I am feeling pretty blue today with all the Enron stuff . Finances being what they are -- we need to do some serious soul searching on Royal Oaks . Can we get our money back if we walk or are we stuck . Please also calculate the value of your Transocean options . I may want to monetize these to cover adoption/travel expenses .
We had 22 kids and 3 adult helpers . The kids were pretty wild . It wasn't one of our better days . Oh well ! If it's okay with you , I'd like to take a week break next weekend . I need to be at an event downtown at 1 Pm and it would be nice not to rush . I will bring you the boom box and CDs with music suggestions . Would that be okay ? Also , Stan is not available the third weekend in November so I have agreed to switch with him . He will teach Nov 11 ( I will be there to help ) and I will take Nov 18 ( Kim promises that he will definitely be there) .
Liz , I spoke with Ginger today to tell her that my notarized INS approval is in the mail . She said she is really busy because Chris is on vacation . She reiterated the point that you made that there is another group traveling to Almaty before us . They are not traveling until Nov . 15 . We will be after that -- perhaps a week or 10 days later . This journey is certainly full of ups and downs . I was thrilled to receive INS approval and am now discouraged about not traveling until late November or early December . I was thinking about making an appeal for us to go before the Almaty group . What do you think ? Perhaps you have better standing for such an appeal given your health concerns for Oksana . Shelley
I am avialable tomorrow afternoon . Will 2 PM ET work for you ? Will you call me or should I call you ?
Okay sounds like we are the first Taraz group and the Almaty group is before us . That is the group that she said is not traveling until Nov . 15 . Sergei is the guide to both the Almaty group and to us . I am so much praying that we will be home before Dec . 15 . On that date my nanny returns to Bolivia for Christmas and I will be lacking childcare for Chad at home . Wow this waiting is stressful . Based on current est . travel times , I think that we will both travel over . Kim will probably be the one to stay the two weeks , so that I can come home to tend to Chad & his obligations . We definitely don't want to leave Alina to come with an escort . But , the issue we still need to work through is the fact that Alina is still scared o Kim .
Maintenance of Houston , Inc . 6220 West Park , Suite 106 Dear Mr . _____________ , By prior correspondence dated ______ , we notified you that we you were notified of Ashford United Methodist Church's concern over the proEarlier this year AMaintenance of Houston currently provides janitorial service to Ashford United Methodist Church and Ashford Child Enrichment Center under a month to month contract . Under this arrangement , Maintenance of Houston provides an on-site janitor . In our initial correspondence soliciting janitorial service bids , we explained that our facility is used as a school during the week . We explained the importance from a security perspective of minimizing the number of different people that have access to the facility . We also asked Maintenance of Houston to provide documentation of employee screening procedures . It has recently come to our attention that Maintenance of Houston has not furnished employee screening documentation for the individual that Maintenance of Houston currently has assigned to our facility . It is our policy to request criminal background information for any contractor that is in our facility during school hours . Please furnish such employee screening information to us by April 30 , 2001 . To the extent Maintenance of Houston is unable to provide documentation for the current individual assigned to our facility or furnish another individual that does have appropriate documentation by April 30 , 2001 , we are hereby providing notice of our intent to terminate the month to month agreement effective May 31 , 2001 . Sincerely Shelley Corman , on behalf of Ashford United Methodist Trustees cc: Cindy Lewis , Church Office
I signed up for the class today . I live on the far west side of town ( just S . of 1-10 ) so we'll have to leave around 7:15 AM to make it to class in time on Sat . Nov 3 . Your family is also welcome to stay in our guest apartment . The good thing about living on the west side of town is that it is only about a 2 1/2 hour drive from Austin . I'll give you better directions later . Chad has a soccer game at 9 AM on Nov . 3 -- so they'll be out and about very early . I can drive to the conference so that your husband can have the car for a day of sightseeing .
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA BEFORE THE FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION Regulation of Short-Term Natural ?  Docket No . RM98-10-000 Gas Transportation Services ?  Regulation of Interstate Natural ?  Docket No . RM98-12-000 Gas Transportation Services ?  MOTION TO INTERVENE AND COMMENTS OF THE ENRON INTERSTATE PIPELINES Pursuant to the March 21 , 2001 Notice of Petition in the above-referenced proceedings and Rules 212 , 212 and 214 of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's ( "Commission" ) regulations ( 18 C.F.R . ?  385.211 , 385.212 and 385.214 )  , the Enron Interstate Pipelines hereby move to intervene and respond to the March 16 , 2001 Petition of the American Gas Association ( "AGA Petition") . I . All correspondence and communications with regard to this filing should be directed to: Shelley A . Corman Vice President , Government Affairs and Public Relations Enron Transportation Services Company 1400 Smith Street , P.O . Box 1188 Phone: 713-853-7083 Email: shelley.corman@enron.com Enron Transportation Services Company Manager , Government Affairs Washington , DC 20006 Phone: 202-466-9148 Email: nancy.bagot@enron.com MOTION TO INTERVENE The AGA Petition raises issues that are directly related to the operation of pipelines . 2 . Enron operates a number of interstate pipelines subject to the jurisdiction of the Commission under the Natural Gas Act . In some cases these pipelines are wholly-owned subsidiaries , in other cases Enron is a part owner . These interests are collectively referred to herein as the Enron Interstate Pipelines . The Enron Interstate Pipelines have currently pending Order No . 637 compliance filings and may be affected by the outcome of this proceeding , and thus have a direct and substantial interest in this proceeding that cannot be adequately represented or protected by any other party . Thus , the Enron Interstate Pipelines' participation is in the public interest . COMMENTS The Enron Interstate Pipelines wholly support the Response of the Interstate Natural Gas Association of America filed this day and incorporate the comments made therein . Like INGAA , the Enron Interstate Pipelines take issue with both themes of the AGA Petition . First , the Enron Interstate Pipelines take issue with the procedural request to implement the new capacity release timeline separately from Order No . 637 proceedings or GISB compliance filings . Second , the Enron Interstate Pipelines wish to once again voice concerns about the far-reaching impacts of the flowing day recall rights that the AGA petition advocates . Rather than repeat those concerns again here , we have attached a copy of comments that were submitted to the GISB Executive Committee during the discussion of whether GISB should remove the current prohibition on partial day recall rights . For the reasons set forth in both INGAA's response and the attached comments of the pipeline segment , the Enron Interstate Pipelines ask the Commission to deny the AGA Petition .
No , we live about 2-3 mi . off I-10 . It is really easy to get to our house from Austin by taking 71 to I-10 east . Here is a turn by turn: Exit 1-10 at Highway 6 ( 17 mi . West of Downtown Houston) . Go South on Hwy 6 to the 3rd stop light ( Chevron station on SE corner) . Take right onto Briarforest Drive . Take first left onto Briarhome ( Meadowbriar subdivision) . We live on Scarborough Fair -- third street off Briarhome . Our home is 2-story red brick & is in the NE corner . 14126 Scarborough Fair Also last night I emailed Sergei a brief note regarding what Ginger was telling us yesterday . I didn't want to jump ranks or push him for an earlier date -- but I wanted to make certain that he knew that all our paperwork is in .
Dates all work great . As you mentioned , I will likely be traveling in late November or early December
I'm thinking that we may miss church altogether on Sunday . We may spend the night at my inlaws in Conroe . They have been bugging us to visit and I don't see another date on the calendar that will work . Nov 3 for example , there is no children's church , but I am open/close trustee . Don't worry about the CD player -- it's no problem . I don't mind exchanging it until we get a CD player and duplicate copies of music ( which I'm working on) . We received our INS approval to adopt Alina , but with court date delays etc. , it looks like our most likely travel time is late November or early December . When I get a little better info . I will make Children's Church plans . If it turns out that I'm gone several weeks in December , then perhaps we can talk Patty into letting the kids sit in regular church during Advent . It is always such a fun time for them to be in church & they recognize so many of the songs . If I'm only going to be gone in late Dec & first week of Dec , then we can probably continue with Children's church as planned . I'm really just guessing now -- since this international adoption stuff changes by the minute .
Fantastic . Is Sheila planning to attend ? If so then , there are already 8 tickets committed . If any of these cancel , I have a back-up list . I will take 2 seats . Please give me the invites for those two . I'll take care of their transport . They will not need Enron transport .
Interesting
Thanks for the info . I have been building spreadsheet cases all day . FYI - majority/minority isn't driven by the number of shippers , its driven by the volume . I made the appropriate changes on Galen's spreadsheet . A couple of further things that I need: - I need to reconcile the net volume on Galen's sheet by month with the net cash out volumes on Jim's sheet . There are huge differences . Can these really all be receipt imbalances ? Galen for the months Aug 00-Jul 01 can you break out receipt imbalances from market imbalances . We are only planning to put the majority/minority pricing on the market area imbalances . Let me know if you guys want to sit down and talk through this . I need to get Teb my final analysis by the end of the week .
Return to Ricki and she can take care of it
Great . Last week I was invited to a forum , but I was disappointed that I could not attend .
I consider the no notice to be part of the market imbalance for this analysis .
Thanks . No-Notice Imbalances are market area from the perspective of commodity pricing . The only reason that they are separated out from the rest of the imbalances is because of the transportation element of the cash-out price .
You could never be a bother . A woman serving food at a volunteer event always has a special place in my heart . I bought the Louis Rich pre-cooked chicken & the caesar salad bowls ( in plastic bowls - near fruit bowls ) from Albertson . Just added some extra parmesan .
My preference is to send out the notice as a Staff Meeting w/ Halloween Snacks . I'd rather it be just us for this meeting .
Hi Mom , Chad just loves his apple checkboard . Thanks again for it . I am still feeling sick . Last week my Dr . told me its just allergies/asthma , but I'm still feeling puny . I trying to get in to see if I have a touch of bronchitis or something . I'm going to forward this little list while I'm thinking of it . Ordinarily , I'm not one of those people that believes in giving people a gift wish list . It seems kind of rude and presumptious . However , given that we may be traveling in the November-December time frame and unable to field the normal questions I receive about what Mr . Chad is into -- I thought I'd provide this list: Things Chad Says He Wants for Christmas ( That Santa isn't bringing ) if anyone asks -- not he should expect to get these items ( since some cost more than $20 ) -Harry Potter Game for Computer ( MS-Windows ) ( more expensive item ) -Backyard Football Game for Computer ( MS-Windows ) -Harry Potter Trading Cards -Video or DVD of "Cats and Dogs" -Harry Potter Snapes Potion Kit ( More expensive item ) -Ultra Grip Nerf Football Incidentally , Chad is asking Santa for the Harry Potter Legos Set , a Levitating Game and an Air Snare Drum Game . More Later Shelley
Joan , Stan tells me that in 2002 I will have the privilege of representing the pipeline segment on the GISB Board . Will you be letting Rae McQuade know the results of the pipeline segment board elections ?
Hi . Hope your week is going well . I'm discouraged to still be sick ( asthma or bronchitis or the like) . Also , I'm sure that you have heard the perils of Enron . Then there is adoption stuff and then there is world news . I am really hoping that you will have some time to be my therapist this weekend . What would you think about tryin to coordinate hair appointments Sat ? My only constraint is Chad's noon soccer game . If hair doesn't work then how about coffee ?
Could you make a Dr appt for tomorrow for the Dr on level 3 .
Tomorrow is fine
Did Ginger give you any read on how long to translate our documents or when they might be sent to Kazakhstan ? Shelley
GISB group has not met yet .
I was afraid she'd think I was being difficult if I mentioned my displeasure at being pushed into the holiday airfare timeframe , not to mention my concerns about missing Chad's Christmas events in December and our nanny holiday issue . My gut tells me that we should tackle this by trying to get some sort of understanding about when translation will be completed and when our papers will be forwarded to Kazakhstan . Because frankly telling us that we can travel 10 days after the other group means nothing if our paperwork hasn't been turned in sufficient time .
Tonya , Haven't heard from you in awhile and I am assuming that you were probably just burnt out over the flurry of summer activity . All of my paperwork ( including INS approval ) is turned into Ginger and I am now just anxiously awaiting the opportunity to travel to Kazakhstan . Ginger and crew are so busy that I imagine that things won't happen very fast . Not try to bother you if you had enough of this Kidsave stuff -- but on the other hand --- you worked hard to bring the kids here this summer and I just wanted to let you in on the fruits of your efforts . Shelley
When I called Ginger's house today to see if she received my INS approval , one of her children answered and said that she is at Chris' house -- so I guess that means Chris has returned . If your process estimates are in line , our documents would have to be translated by next week to hit a travel at the end of November date . I am very concerned that we will slip to Christmas time travel . While I'm not trying to have you do my dirty work , I feel like you have a little better standing to fuss at Ginger or Chris this week about some commitments of when paperwork will be turned in . After all , your paperwork has been turned in for some time & you have specific health concerns for Oksana . Since I just turned in my INS approval ( even though the rest of my dossier has been in for several weeks) , I feel like I don't have much standing to complain about timing .
I'll be on the call for the first 1/2 hour . Theresa will be on for the whole call . We can re-group to talk about comments after the call .
I thought that you would enjoy reading this article about Chad's school . My editorial notes are added in red . Keeping watching www.houstonisd.org/bushes for when they post pictures of the event . AWESOME VISIT On Friday , October 19 , President George H . W . Bush and Barbara Bush visited our school . The Bushes had pledged to match the donation that our students made to the children of Afghanistan . Right in front of the entire student body , President Bush whipped out his checkbook and wrote a personal check for $1 , 147.00 ! The children were very impressed ! The day was fabulous , the weather could not have been better , and our children were stellar ! The program took place on the stage in the interior courtyard of the school . Because the weather permitted us to use this area , every student was able to take part in the program and enjoy the excitement ! As the President and Mrs . Bush entered the stage , the children waved paper dollars in the air to greet them . The program opened with the singing of the school song . Carmen Sullivan gave a history of the Pledge of Allegiance to the flag and Kelly Iko ( this is our Kelly from Sunday School -- whom I'm sure will be the first minority President of the United States ) led the group in the Pledge . The students sang God Bless America and waved individual flags . Not an eye was dry ! It was awesome . Maggie Strange , Julius Liu , Danny Siso and Brandi Shallenberger told the group about the effort the Bush students had put forth to collect money for the Afghan children . Doris Reese , Joan Zhang ( this is a sweet little girl from Chad's class ) ,  and Andrew Nelson wheeled in a red wagon with the students' contribution ! The program closed with more flag waving and the singing of It's a Small World .
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION Texas Gas Transmission Corporation Docket No . NOTICE OF COMPLIANCE FILING Take notice that on October 17 , 2001 , Texas Gas Transmission Corporation ( Texas Gas ) tendered for filing as part of its FERC Gas Tariff , First Revised Volume No . 1 , the following tariff sheets to become effective Primary Third Revised Sheet No . 181 Third Revised Sheet No . 182 Third Revised Sheet No . 183 Sheet No . 184 ( reserved ) Second Revised Sheet No . 185 Alternate Alternate Third Revised Sheet No . 181 Alternate Third Revised Sheet No . 182 Alternate Third Revised Sheet No . 183 Texas Gas states that this filing is being submitted in compliance with the Commission's Order issued on September 19 , 2001 in the above-referenced docket . As directed , the tariff sheets removed the daily high/low index price for cash-out . In response , Texas Gas proposes to establish a cash-out price based on a weekly high/low index price determined from the weeks within the applicable month , plus the first week of the following month . The primary and alternate sheets require in-kind make-up of imbalances up to 2% and use the same index price for imbalances above However , the primary sheets also propose to eliminate cash-out for all imbalances up to 5% by also requiring a mandatory in-kind make-up level from 2% to 5% and by eliminating any use of the 100% price index for this tier of imbalance . Texas Gas states that copies of the revised tariff sheets are being mailed to Texas Gas's jurisdictional customers and interested state commissions . Any person desiring to protest said filing should file a protest with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission , 888 First Street , N.E. , Washington , D.C . 20426 , in accordance with Section 385.211 of the Commission's Rules and Regulations . All such protests must be filed in accordance with Section 154.210 of the Commission's Regulations . Protests will be considered by the Commission in determining the appropriate action to be taken , but will not serve to make protestants parties to the proceedings . Copies of this filing are on file with the Commission and are available for public inspection . This filing may also be viewed on the web at using the "RIMS" link , select "Docket#" and follow the instructions ( call 202-208-2222 for assistance) . Comments , protests and interventions may be filed electronically via the Internet in lieu of paper . See , 18 CFR 385.2001(a)(1)(iii ) and the instructions on the Commission's web site under the "e-Filing" link . Secretary
Please clarify - Is the first name in the list the gift buyer or gift receipient ?
Just got home from work . . . but that is funny , cause I'm still working -- now at home . Guess you've probably heard about events at my company . If you couldn't see the red -- the editorial notes were also in parentheticals You dickens -- you were only supposed to get Chad 1 item from the list . Then I pass it on to Tracey , Pat , Arliene etc .
Kevin , Per my phonemail message , attached is a summary of Oct 2000-Sept 2001 Transwestern transportation & storage revenues by counterparty . Shelley Corman
Chad's Wishlist includes: -Harry Potter Trading Cards -Harry Potter - Snapes Potion Kit -NERF Ultragrip football -Video/DVD of "Cats and Dogs"
Kevin/Rod - One line item on the TW counterparty revenue summary probably requires explanation . The report shows a net $4.2 million payment to PG&E for transportation . This is because PG&E released capacity at rates in excess of the maximum rate due TW -- thus PG&E was due a credit . This was not a liability to TW , as the other side of this capacity release is embedded in the revenues paid to TW by other counterparties .
Here is a sample of articles
Please add to my calendar
First worksheet show summary gross transportation revenue by counterparty for the 12 months ended 9/30/01 . Total transport revenue is $180.6 million . Other worksheets show detail by contract and contract expiration dates . This information has been furnished to Kevin Howard . The only open question is how this data can be reconciled to financials . I spoke with Tracy this morning and she reflects gross operating revenues for TW for this period of $200 M . The difference is primarily fuel sales ( which are not currently included in my numbers) .
FYI - I made my staff burn the midnight oil last night putting together TW/NNG revenue summaries for review by the bankers that Rod/Kevin are working with . Thought you might me interested in the report . It gives a nice snapshot of our activity with our major counterparties .
Here is the presentation for the 2:30 meeting today
Revised presentation for the meeting this afternoon
Hi Ginger & Chris , Hope you are doing well . Just wanted to check in and make sure that you received the notarized copies of my INS approval . When I spoke with Ginger a few days ago , she said that she thought we would travel 10 days or so after the Almaty group , probably in late November . After I get off the phone I always think of questions I should have asked . Since my questions are not critical , but process in nature , I thought I'd drop an email . I am unclear about the steps that need to happen between now and travel . How long does translation take ? What happens after that ? When is the dossier sent to Kazakstan ? Typically , how much notice are people given of their Kazak court date ? I would also like to get your views on the likelihood of the process slipping such that our travel would fall over the Christmas holiday -- as that would present some childcare concerns for me back in Houston . Sorry for so many questions . I know that you are both very busy and I know that patience is definitely in order with this process . I am just so very new to this international adoption process and want to make certain that I am realistic about the steps involved . Shelley Corman
I will be thinking of you
I have rates and capacity utilization info ready . I'll call you whan I get to the office .
Is the system running ok this morning ?
I heard . I'm just pulling intop garage and will call back in a minute
With heightened security concern in the building this morning , I wanted to report two items: 1 . When I parked in the Allen Center Garage this morning , level 7 yellow section ( at the top of the stairs from the Enron building , just under the covered area) , I noticed a large brown/copper truck . I park my blue explorer in this same spot every day and I have never seen this truck before . It's probably nothing , just wanted to report it . 2 . When I reached my desk this morning I wanted to call in this concern . I pulled up the corporate security number listed on the website 713-435-2804 . The woman that answered the phone was rude and said that the number wasn't corporate security , but rather building security -- she laughed and didn't seem remotely interested in my concern . Perhaps , I misunderstood the website posting about who to call with security concerns . But , if I did , perhaps other employees will as well... .
I would propose to use only the Mainline West sheet .
Updated 8/28/01 Transwestern Pipeline Company Summary of Red Rock Contracts Start End Contract # Shipper MDQ Date Date
I have been friends with Shelley Corman since 1985 . We have worked together and maintained a personal friendship through the year . Shelley is a kind and loving person . She is active in her church and in charitable activities . I met her husband , Kim Erb , in 1997 and have been friends with Shelley and Kim as a couple since that time . Both Shelley and Kim are loving parents to their six-year old son Chad . It has been a delight to watch them raise Chad to be such a fine young man . I believe that their home would provide a terrific environment for an adopted child . Sincerely Christi Nicolay {contact info} Please call Ava Garcia to pick it up when done . Thanks -- I'll call you tonight
Thanks for the info
Elizabeth Brown will forward the capacity release data shortly
Kevin The dial in network is down so Elizabeth is headed into the office to get the PGE capacity release report . It may be an hour . Sorry for the delay .
Thanks I needed that today !
Fuel is retained in kind from the shippers .
If I understand the question , the answer is that we only have to seek approval for corporate changes to TW , the regulated entity . We would disclose entities above TW in the corp chain for informational purposes . FERC is interested for two reasons - to understnad that TW operates separately from its marketing affiliate and as part of determining TW,s capital structure and return in a rate case . ! 
Rick I have a number of contracts that the bankers want early tomorrow . I am assuming Elizabeth will be in to help me ?
We received a call this morning from a gentleman , Todd Bearden ( 954-981-1101) , who recently moved into a home in Hollywood FL and is trying to obtain information about gas service , could one of you pass this request on the appropriate person at NUI-City Gas or TECO/PGS ?
I will be about 15 minutes late
You are welcome . What a neat idea - electronic thank you cards .
FYI While I have been periodically giving updates on the above max rate capacity release activity , I was surprised by the magnitude of the PG&E value above max . rates . For the 12 months ended 9/30/01 we had net cash payments to PG&E . ( approx $18 mil revenues to Cal . + $5.6 revenue on San Juan - $28 million in above max rate capacity release activity = ( $4.4 ) million
Thanks I will look at it tonight
That must be frustrating . I've asked HR to address this problem .
I know that the long term solution rests with Charlie Thompson . But , Caroline , I'm frankly shocked at GMS seeming lack of concern for the seriousness of this situation . I have serious leadership questions about a group that could continue to receive charts in after the 5th of the month ( on ALL 16 charts! ) and continue to just file these reports without ever even looking at them or making corrections . When ask why they never raised the issue or brought it to management's attention , their response is that this is the way we've done things for 20 years . I'd like to visit with you about the leadership and direction of the GMS group . No problem with measurement data is ever GMS responsibility -- its always someone elses fault -- the field didn't get the info in in time , the OMV wasn't received , the system doesn't work....What is the level of service that GMS is accountable for . Please understand that this criticism is not directed to you . I'd just like a chance to brainstorm with you one on one about how we ever have this group enter the 21st century with the rest of us -- befort Dave Neubauer raises his frustrations to the highest levels of ETS .
Perhaps this can help with the non-Red Rock piece . This spreadsheet takes current rates and multiples out against MDQ for 2002 . It also show billing units through 2005 . I have reconciled this schedule with Jan Moore and Lindy Donoho
Here is data format . This is for time period 10/1/00-9/30/01 . Now I'm looking for calendar years 1997 , 1998 , 199 & 2000
Peggy , Your email notice was timely as I was just thinking about you . I have wanted to congratulate you on your promotion . I am so happy for you . I find it validating , especially at this time at Enron , to know that good things do happen to good people . Give me a call if you can ever break free for lunch . I would like to catch up with you on business matters , and more importantly , on international adoptions . I know that you have already navigated these waters and I am looking forward to travel to Kazakhstan to adopt a little girl . Best wishes to you and your family for the holidays . Shelley Corman 713-853-7083 ( work ) 713-857-2103 ( cell )
Thank you . These are great !
When I asked you to adjust the Gas Logistic's PAA's to $100 , I forgot to ask you to do the same on the separate PAA for gift checks for EOTT pipeline control . Please give me a call if you need any supplemental paperwork from me . Happy Holidays
Here is 1997-2000 TW Transportation Revenue by Contract , Sorted by Contract Expiration Date . To get a breakdown of long-term/short-term , for each year I would include contracts that expire within the next year & IT as short term , with the remainder as LT . For example , for 1997 , I'd say that the revenues from contracts that expire on or before 12/31/98 + IT make up the short term revenues .
I'm planning on heading out the office around 3 PM or so . Feel free to send home staff as business needs permit . I'm not planning on sending out any kind of notice to all Gas Logistics -- as I feel like it is frustrating to those that must stay . Have a safe and happy holiday . I'll be in Austin tomorrow & Friday , so call me on my cell ( 713-857-2103 ) or email me if you need me . In case of emergency , I can be reached at my brother-in-law's house in Austin at 512-474-5631 .
I'll have someone pull the volumes in the morning if its not too late . Sorry but my messages didn't come across my blackberry when I was in Austin Fri & Sat .
Liz could you please confirm your address ( especially the zip ) for the fedex package . 16816 Mouse Trap Dr Round Rock , TX 78686
Good morning all . Attached is the info that Esther helped me pull together for Rod last Wednesday . Rod told me over the weekend that he needs commodity volumes for these contracts for the years 1997-2000 . Help ? Can someone pull this together quickly for me ?
Hope your holiday was a fantastic one . My dossier info was not picked up from the embassy last week , so now I'm another week behing in the process . But , the delay does perhaps give me a chance to take care of my sinus problem . I've still been feeling cruddy and want to have a specialist look at the sinus polyp . Can you recommend an ENT ? Looking forward to seeing you soon .
Thanks . If you could have Richard add the volumes in as columns into this schedule format that would be great . Rod needs this ASAP . Are you available to come by for a few minutes before staff meeting ? I need to talk to you about a new round of due diligence and a conference call this afternoon .
I had Kim run down to my office to sign the revised letter and so I can fedex tonight . I am so bummed about Jan . travel date and not having Alina for Christmas . Is this for sure ? Was she speaking just about me or was she saying Jan 1 for you too ? Why Jan 1 ? If there holidays are Dec 30-Jan 1 , then why shouldn't we set out to travel around then , so we could have our court date the first days after their holidays ? Sorry for all the venting !
It is late in the day
Liz - Right after I had Kim run over with the revised form and put it in the overnight , Chris called me to say that the application will probably need the "sworn and subscribed" language before the notary stamp . Do you have a typewriter that you could type this in above the notary stamp ? Or perhaps feed it through your computer printer ? I sent three signed and notarized copies -- so you have a few extras to play with . Here is the missing language STATE OF TEXAS COUNTY OF HARRIS Sworn and subscribed before me on this 26th day of November , 2001 . My conversation with Chris was quite different than my conversation with Ginger . While she said that it would be more convenient if we set a date like Jan 5 to travel to be able to buy the tickets in advance and hopefully get better fares . She also acted like it is not out of the question that travel around Dec 17 might be possible if one didn't mind being away at Christmas . On my voice mail she left a message that my dossier had been received in Astana . When I called her back she said that this was a mistake -- that what she meant was that it had been picked up at the embassy and was expected in Astana on Thurs or Fri . You can call me at home tonight if you want to talk .
Rick - Stan has announced that there is a hiring freeze in effect . We will not be permitted to fill this position without making a special appeal to Stan . Couple this with the fact that I need to present to Danny/Stan a proposal on how we can trim our 2002 O&M and I'm not inclined to make such a pick . Lets talk about how we can redeploy our current resources to cover....I especially want to talk about how we pick use the accounting coordinators in an expanded role .
Alma - can you copy me on the RSVP list for the Thursday party .
this is working from shelley's office , i will send you a note from my desk... . thanks for everything!!!!!! !
I'll take care of the programs
Okay - now I've lost the file . I guess I deleted the wrong message . Can you resend ?
Sarah , Attached is TW revenue detail by contract for the years 1997-2000 . At the bottom of the schedule , I've made a simplistic cut between short-term/long-term based on the expiration date . For example , for calendar year 1997: Short-term = Firm contracts with contract expiration date before 12/31/98 + all IT & PNR revenues Long-term = Firm contracts with expiration dates in 1999 and beyond . Same logic for years , 1998 , 1999 , 2000 . Call me at x37083 if you have questions .
I need to know what the ramifications are of canceling/postponing tomorrow's party . What will lose ? What have we not paid back ?
Will call you at 9 tonight .
Kevin , Please call ASAP . While I have been working through the theory on how to make this happen , but I don't know the details on which pipelines and which accounts .
I have heard back from Danny and he wants us to cancel the event . Get whatever money back you can & see if we can forgo any other current payments by postponing the event until next year , rather than canceling .
Please call . I'm confused about the hotel amount . Alma - we will hand out the prizes in a raffle on the date of our holiday luncheon on Dec . 11 .
Please come by to sign the certificates .
Please provide written notice of postponement and tell them to bill us .
We will continue to schedule transactions with ENA and other Enron affiliates in a business as normal fashion . If ENA's supply is cut , then deliveries will be adjusted , just as we normally do . Bob Superty , Dir of ENA Gas Logistics has asked to be notified of any ENA supply cuts . I'm not talking about nits and nats that are part of the normal confirmation process , rather , I'm talking about if a confirming party refuses to confirm a block of ENA gas . We are notifying Bob as a courtesy and nothing about this added notice should hold up routine business processes . You can leave Bob a voice message at x 3-0957 or call me and I'll call Bob . In any event , I also would like to be briefed about any significant cuts in ENA or other Enron affiliate supply .
Yes , please assure Galen of his need to recuperate . Will you send him a fruit basket from the group . How are you coming at getting Debbie Thompson or Blair or Larry Berger lined up ?
We found no cross-default provisions in the material contracts . Moreover , FERC standards of conduct required pipelines to keep contracts , books and records separate from other Enron entities .
No thank you for all you and your teammates do . I get a bit frustrated when Stan says that "we all need to re-focused back to work . I need to remind him that we have never lost our focus , that despite what has been going on , our staff has continued to work 24/7 to maintain our service level to our customers .
I would like these individuals to have a training with Teb Lokey today or tomorrow . Teb is aware of my desire in this regard and is awaiting your call to set up the time .
FYI
Please send to all ETS Gas Logistics In the never ending world of changes at Enron , upper management has determined that we will not be using the PEP system for feedback this year . I apologize that this decision was made after you put time into selecting reviewers and completing reviews . I have not received word on whether ETS year-end feedback will occur in any alternate form . As a result of this development , the feedback training session for this afternoon is cancelled .
Bob , FYI . The statements about Transco not honoring EOL contracts doesn't make sense to me . I don't understand if they are saying that they are cutting supply or not honoring transportation nominations .
I've had a change in my schedule today and I won't drop off the check in person . I deposited the Enron check in my bank account this am on my way to work ( to make sure I get the cash before any bankruptcy filing ) and will have a personal check couriered over to your office . Unless you instruct otherwise , I will make the check out to Salomon Smith Barney and put the caption FBO Shelley Corman in the Memo line of check . Let me know if an account number should appear on the check . Thanks
Rick - please add contract listings & proof/have letters put on letterhead for my signature . Thanks
A couple of thoughts - Per travelocity Lufthansa does fly between Houston-Frankfurt-Alma Ata & then Moscow-Frankfurt-IAH . We'd only have to take Transaero one way from Alma ata to Moscow . - If we fly through Moscow on way to Kaz , keep in mind that the airport we fly into Moscow will be a totally different airport than the airport we fly from Moscow to Kaz ( the regional airport) . I have heard that the regional airport is not a very safe or American friendly place . - I want to me flexible on travel . But , I'd really , really rather not fly on Aeroflot .
I know that we are all under a lot of stress and I probably shouldn't send this note , but I just have to get this off my chest . Have I done something to undermine your faith in me ? - When I worked on due diligence matters , you asked me why was I working on due diligence - When I prepared the demand letters you asked me why I was sending the demand letters - And , today , despite the fact that we oversee the day to day transactions , there is no mention of my group in the customer letter . I wish someone would just fire me if I'm incompetent , because I live in a hell worse than being fired -- at least I'd have time for my family .
Almost 100% certain that its just me . I'd rather have good flights and spend the money on just me ( i.e . we can share hotel costs) .
FYI
I know you were being nice and I am sorry . I really can't put into words how it feels to get out of bed in the morning right now . It takes me 1/2 hour to get myself together . I shouldn't have been so mean to you . I know you were being nice . I know this isn't a reasonable request , but these aren't reasonable times -- I just need some space when I'm getting ready in the morning . The heat and the fact that I couldn't have coffee this morning just put me over the edge . My physical was ok . Listen to this , because they are a preventive medicine shop he can't prescribe antibiotics . So then , I couldn't get my travel vaccines , until I find out whether I have a sinus infection and need to be on antibiotics . Am I just dreaming these last few months or is this really my life ?
Gina , Did you ever prepare a set of talking points on the separateness of the pipelines from Enron .
Liz - I noticed that Luftansa has flights back on Dec 27 from Moscow . Using the same itinerary that we discussed before -- but for Dec 11 returning Dec 27 listed fare is $2830.40 .
Your prayers and concerns are much appreciated !
Thanks Gary . This is an excellent plan .
Okay , I've already had questions about statements in this memo . My understanding of this is as follows: In the event of bankruptcy , employees are guaranteed to be paid for work already completed up to an amount of $4650 ( If the company were to file next week , this amount should be small since payday was today) . In addition , employees are paid for hours worked after bankruptcy at their normal salary or an amount the judge determines and such payments are not capped at $4650 .
Corp Security did a quick audit today of the Gas Control Center on EB42 and made several recommendations of some steps we should take prior to some of the expected workforce changes next week . 1 ) Tighten control of access to the Gas Control facilities - They recommended reducing access to a single door and posting a guard for the next week or so . - They recommended reviewing the card access lists for the secure doors and reducing to critical staff only . We have arranged for a guard beginning Monday morning . Access to Gas Control will be through the South hallway and door only . Exit , except for emergencies , will be limited to the South door as well . The guard will be checking everyones card prior to entry . We have reviewed the card access lists for all secure doors and removed everyone except Gas Logistics and IT support staff . We have disabled access into Gas Control on all doors except the South door . We have cancelled all scheduled meetings and presentations scheduled for the Gas Control Presentation Center ( EB42C1) . 2 ) Isolate the Gas Control Network environment - disconnect our network from the Corporate backbone We DO NOT intend to Isolate Gas Control until events dictate that we should . We are taking steps to be prepared to isolate , while minimizing the impact to the Gas Control SCADA system , the TMS system , and PGAS . On Monday we will also configure the Hangar to support temporary operation of the Gas Control and other Gas Logistics business functions . Two conference rooms and the break room will be configured with phones , network connections , and workstations . They will be configured to support up to 60 staff . The minimum staffing requirements for the Hangar to support the Gas Control and Gas Logistics functions,as currently defined , is 35 staff . The Hangar will be left configured for approximately two weeks , depending on events .
Rod , Do you know how to get in touch with Paul Cherry or Dan Fancler over the weekend ? I have most of the gas logistics related items prepared for TW for the bankruptcy lawyers -- including contract lists and receivables . I need to have someone run a payables list . I can be reach via blackberry or on cell 713-857-2103
I'm in my office now
FYI - Thought you might be interested in Gary Smith's response to these questions
Rick Dietz and I are both in the office . Please give Rick a call to coordinate putting our OBA payable info together with your payable information
Gary , Except for this week , it is my understanding that it will be okay for us to use 42C1 if the meeting includes solely gas logistics staff that had security access to gas control .
FYI
I don't this we give our customers lockbox instructions any longer . Invoices cite wire instructions and physical address . Raetta please confirm .
Can you please check whether the 401K withdrawal was received on your end . It looks like it left my account . Also can you tell whether the check in from Bank One cleared ? It doesn't look like its in the account either .
Thank you for your thoughts . I am fine . Our pipeline companies were not included in the bankruptcy petition and we are continuing operations normally . While these have certainly been stressful times and a sad day for the many Enron employees that lost their jobs today , we have not had any workforce reductions in our area . It's a little lonely in the building and I have to make sure to put my lipstick on before I go down to the lobby to face all the TV cameras camped out down there !
Yes can do .
Please remove my name from you solicitation list
Shelley Ann Corman
I know you are swamped with other matters , so I jotted down in memo form my travel plans . I guess it's Murphy's Law that I got the phone call that I need to travel now in the midst of current work events .
John , Per Stan Horton's voicemail , attached is letter from you as the pipeline segment board chair to the GISB office indicating the pipeline segment's desire to fill Stan's seat for the December 5 Board Meeting .
Hi Becky , I'm thinking of you . Cynthia Corcoran called today to see if I knew anyone interested in doing regulatory work . I thought of you right away and Cynthia was enthusiastic , but didn't want to violate your privacy by giving out your email address . She can be reached at 713-533-9180 or I can give her your contact info if you prefer . Shelley
Rae , Just a heads up -- pending pipeline board rep approval , Stan asked that I prepare the attached letter for John Somerhalder to send to the GISB office if this is appropriate form .
Looks like FPL is getting back-up gas supplies to keep their nominations up . See attached for updated gas day 12/4/01 through ID1 .
Sorry but I don't know the status .
Thanks . Don't know how that happened . I'll call you when I get downstairs tomorrow am .
Thanks . I went to see Dr . Shelley Leeds Rickets this am.She is a Baylor grad and is very nice . Glad you weren't in an accident today . Have a good trip .
What a crazy day . I'm in the waiting room of the ENT now . I will make meatloaf for dinner when I get home .
See you at noon .
Stan is having a 1/2 day staff meeting next Wed . Dec 12 until lunchtime . Accordingly , I need to reschedule my staff meeting . Please let me know about your availability to meet from 1-3 PM on Dec . 12 in my office .
Jackie , I got the call to travel to Kazakhstan for the adoption and will be leaving next Thursday , Dec . 13 . I will be in Kazakhstan over Christmas and hope to touch base with your daughter to see about the possibility of locating a Christmas eve worship . I think I've misplaced her email address . If you wouldn't mind , would you forward it to me again . Thanks and have a blessed holiday . Shelley
Publish away !
Caroline - I think you captured the right projects , but please look at the bottom line on total reductions . You show $3 Million in savings . I think that the schedule should reflect over $6 million of reductions from the original cap . budget . In my mind there is still a question on whether the meter bounce and PNR projects should be included .
The Phase VI upgrade wasn't on the list of projects that Gary submitted , but not to worry as you will see on the attached it is and always has been part of my overall Gas Logistics capital budget .
Our team holiday potluck luncheon is scheduled for Tuesday , December 11 at 11:30 AM . So dust off those cookbooks and sign up to bring a culinary creation . The sign-up sheet is located outside Ricki's workstation ( 4268A) . The buffet will be set up in 42C1 ( the gas control presentation room) . Room 42C2 is also reserved for seating . Following our luncheon , we will have a Gas Logistics staff meeting at 1 PM in 39C1 . We can discuss any Enron updates and I will do my best to address any questions and concerns that you have . At the end of our staff meeting , we'll hold our holiday raffle drawing . We have lots of fun prizes , including many sets of sports tickets . All Gas Logistics employee names will be entered . You need not be present to win . Finally , I want to fill you in on my upcoming journey . My husband and I have been trying to adopt a young girl from Kazakhstan into our family . The paperwork and red tape have seemed unending and I was having doubts whether it would ever happen . Early this week I received the call that I need to travel to Kazakhstan next week to pick her up . While I am excited to complete the adoption , I'm not terribly thrilled with the timing of being gone over the holidays and away from work at this time . At our staff meeting , I can address any questions you have about whom to call in my absence . I'm looking forward to our get together next week . To the extent that you aren't able to make the luncheon , let me take this opportunity to wish you and your family a happy , safe and relaxing holiday season .
It's been a few days now since ENA dropped their gas supply from ENA from 250M down to approx 75-85M and FPL has settled into a pattern of how it is replacing the ENA gas and still keeping its nominations at 800M . Here is a quick snapshot of where FPL is sourcing there gas from: Exxon 35 Western Gas 30 El Paso 96 Aquila 20 Duke 26 Coral 20 National Energy 15 Delivered Gas: Reliant 31 Energy Authority 7 Total FPL Supply 828 Less: FPL Energy Services 21 Total FPL Deliveries 807 ( 774 Firm + 33 )
Thanks for your kind words .
Hi Cindy , I know this is a trivial question in the greater magnitude of things....so just drop me an email when you get a chance . For my 2002 UW contribution , I asked to have a lumpsum payroll deduction in Feb . ( unsual bonus time) . Now , I want to have UW just bill me instead . I can't seem to get back into the system to change this . ? ?? ? Shelley
Diane , Cindy replied back to ask you to take my contribution out of the payroll system . And , that I should then call UW to bill me directly . Please call me if you have any questions . Shelley Corman
Catherine , I have received the call and will be traveling to Kazakhstan next week to complete the adoption . My husband and son are staying back . I arrive in Almaty on the 14th late in the evening . I'll spend the day of the 15th in Almaty and then take the overnight train to Taraz . I expect to have a court date in Taraz on the 19th or 20th . Then I will be back in Almaty , probably over Christmas . Finally , I expect to travel to Moscow on around Dec 27 and then return to Houston around Dec 30 . This of course is the plan if everything goes exactly on schedule -- which it probably won't . I will certainly miss being away from home at Christmas and am hoping to find a Christmas worship service in Almaty . I'd appreciate any advice in this regard . I would also appreciate advice on what time of clothes are appropriate to bring . Thanks Shelley Corman and
Sorry for the delay . My wallet and checkbook were stolen on Fr night & I spent all day yesterday getting things in order...after the thief charged $6000 on my credit and debit cards ! Remember that conversation we had about 2001 . I did little research on Compuserve and AOL . Both have acess numbers in Almaty Kazaknstan -- where I'll be at least 1 week of my journey . Looks like they both use the same access numbers and both charge a $6 connect fee . So I don't see the advantage of adding AOL -- unless you see something I don't . Here's the catch -- neither has service from Moscow . So I'll be out of lunch in Moscow unless I can find an alternative ISP . I'm at regional type hotels in Kazakstan . But , I'm staying at the Grand Marriott in Moscow . Surely they have some sort of ISP access . My current ISP is Compuserve . Mail address: cormanerb@cs.com ; User: cormanerb; password: chad4erb . I currently have version 5.0 loaded -- there is a 6.0 available but I haven't had a chance to download . My Enron password is also chad4erb . I'm at the house ( 281-531-0385 ) if you need any other info .
Thanks for your information and words of reassurance . Here is my email address: work home
Thanks for your note ! I guess you're living proof that one can successfully make it through the twists and turns of international adoption .
address is customer@e-worldphone.com My order number id 12/9/0175186.45 password: chad2214
Ava , Could you please generate an envelope to Across the World Adoptions . Thanks
Sounds fine
If you don't know about the NNG quality posting that's probably a good sign that it hasn't been posted yet . I'm hoping to have a conversation with Mary Kay tomorrow before its posted . Thanks . Get back to your kid stuff now !
FYI
Great !
Please verify that this is taken care of and that I do not need to have someone in my group work on this . Thanks .
I'm forwarding this so you know what is going on when there is a $181.17 deduct from my 12/31 paycheck .
Fran , I need to straighten out a few personal payroll matters before I leave town on Thursday . I was able to revise my bank deposit instructions on ERonline ( my wallet was stolen over the weekend and I had to change bank accounts) . I was also able to adjust my EFCU deductions . I am unable to complete the following changes online and I'm hoping that you can help me work these issues: - Stop PAC contributions - Stop Savings Bond automatic purchases - Stop 2002 United Way deduct . I had selected to make one time contribution in Feb ( around bonus time) . My plans are to stop the automatic deduct and have the United Way bill me directly instead . Thanks in advance for your help .
My thought is that the Enron contract is probably going away anyhow so that it makes sense to set this up for Jan 1 . I think the charges should be recorded to the balancing tools account .
Thanks . You are the best !
Either Galen or Jim Studebaker . I'll check with Sheila .
Do you have a few minutes to meet this morning ?
I don't understand why the schedule show no variance for Gas Logistics . My workpapers indicate that we should be down by $300K or so
Thanks for the information . Do you happen to have an email address for Elza ?
Ditto back at you . Sounds like things have been crazy at Halliburton this week .
Please add to my contact list
Please add Lou Moore to my contact list
Please add John Baily to my contact list
Please add
Need to talk to you about this
Thanks . Yes , I forgot to mention how sad I was to learn about Cuba .
I agree that this is the revised capital budget that we should submit .
Chris , I never heard back from you after I sent the fax yesterday . I am anxious about correctly signing and notarizing the INS forms and would like to discuss when you have a minute . Shelley Corman
I haven't received my dossier .
Both Kim's parents & my mom will be at the house on Christmas eve/Christmas day -- so I think they'll eat their Christmas meal at our house . I'm sure that Kim , Chad , Mom and Nevin would appreciate a Christmas evening dessert invite . You can coordinate when you see them for Mexican food on Sat . night . Have fun at the violin concert .
Hi Sherene , Mom forwarded a note that you were looking for Chad suggestions . He is into anything about rocks , Harry Potter , or of course his all time favorite -- baseball . I'm leaving for Kazakhstan tomorrow , so I didn't have time to ask for gift lists for your guys . Chad helped me pick out some items -- that I hope they'll like . Believe me , you will see the Chad influence when you open the items . A box is on its way to you . Have a blessed holiday . Love Shelley
Thank you for your kind note . Frankly with all the challenges our leadership team has faced this year , I don't have the slightest qualm that you and the other directors will handle anything that comes our way .
Please print ( incl attachment ) and keep for reference
Oh my perhaps I've given you the wrong idea about the sophistication of Chad's rock collection . It consists of rocks he has picked up at the park and a few gems he bought at a museum . He would love anything about rocks .
Is this cash coming into TW ?
I would like an updated copy of the schedule you brought me with adescription from the reps about why the customer is saying that they haven't paid . Especially Peoples . On first glance it looks like many of the items relate to capacity release or Peoples .
Please send it to both of us . Given Gary's presentation on bonus timing I plan to turn in my recomendations today . Can I meet with you at 4:oo ? I am meetin with my direct reports at 1 to work on recommendations . So I need your spreadsheets ASAP
Thanks see you at 4
Any chance of doing the one penny test with the credit departments of the top couple of customers .
Please add to contacts
The offers to help you keep rolling in .
Jennie - This looks okay if I wait for my husband or Liz to go on the 20th -- although I think the return would need to be extended a day or so . Could you also see about if I am traveling alone and wanted to change my ticket to leave Sat . I was searching the Internet and it looks like the Lufthansa flight is still available on Sat . I need to make some quick decisions about what I'm doing tomorrow .
Today Chris called to tell me that Liz Gras will not be traveling with me and that I should leave on Dec 15 instead of Dec 13 ( Tomorrow) . This is all a shock . I will have to travel by myself . I have never traveled internationally before and I am a bit scared -- as I'm sure that you were this past summer when you visited . I know everyone in Kazakhstan will be nice , but I am not looking forward to customs . I am very excited to see you though . Depending on how long that I will have to be in Kazakhstan , I may try to come home after court and have Alina escorted to Moscow . Kim ( or Kim & I ) may travel to Moscow to pick her up after the New Years holiday . I will be sad if I have to leave her behind for a few more days . But I might have to accept this arrangement if my work calls me back to Houston . So many times my schedule changes that it is difficult at work . I know that you experienced similar difficulties with you flight plans this summer . I will bring pictures of your visit this summer . I will also bring warm clothes ! I received an email from a new family that hopes to adopt Zhuldiz . I am so happy to hear that she has a family .
Jean -- I keep getting these messages . I just got another batch of 6 similar reminders
Sorry I missed your call last night . I had a good cry and went to bed early . As you noted in your voice message , I am planning to travel by myself on Saturday , Dec 15 . It is the only time I can get a confirmed flight ( albeit a more cumbersome route and more expensive) . Here is the other part of my plans . I feel fairly sure that I will return to the US immediately after my court date , unless the stay requirements are very , very short . I can fathom the courage to travel by myself , but not to hang around 2 weeks by myself . Also , all these constant changes have put a serious strain on what is already a very tedious work situation for me . I am still planning to have Connie move forward with getting Kim a letter of invitation /VISAs -- including a Russian VISA that is good until Mid-January . That way Kim can return for Alina after the first of the year if necessary . Please ask Sergei to look into possible arrangements . I would be happy to pay for Sergei and Larisa to have a holiday in Moscow if they were willing to fly with Alina there . Perhaps she could stay at the orphanage or with a host family and have an orphanage worker take her to Almaty . I am totally terrified about traveling by myself -- but this isn't a fear that will ease with time . I feel like I just have to dive in or I am going to change my mind . I need some reassurance on what happens at the airport . Will the assistance service help me at customs ? Will Sergei pick me up and where will I find him ? Do I have hotel accomodations ( if so preferrably at the Hyatt) ? Obviously I am also handling a mountain of guilt about leaving without Liz . I wrote her a note about my current thoughts on travel and why I am leaning towards leaving on Sat . Shelley Corman
Donna - lets meet tomorrow AM to translate the bonus/merit info into spreadsheet form
FYI - This is what the supply breakdown looks like for FPL without ENA in the equation
Don't worry -- whenever you get here is fine with me
Attached is a copy of Theresa's mid-yr review
Jennie , When you get in tomorrow , could you please check whether the direct flight on the 15th cleared . If not , please advise which flight path I'm currently cleared on . I don't want to lose the return home through Moscow on the 31st ( waitlisted also for 29th or 30th); but I may also need to return immediately after my court date from Almaty on Dec 23 ( in such case my husband would fly back to Moscow to pick up our daughter after the 1st of the year) . I would like to make such a reservation is possible . I think you can probably let all the other waitlisted items go for me . Please call me when you get a chance . Shelley Corman
I keep getting these notes . Help !
Kim , My nonstop direct from Houston cleared for tomorrow ( 4:40 PM) . The only catch is that I have to go to the airport this afternoon to change my tickets . My return back from Moscow on the 30th also cleared . I am still waitlisted for a return flight from Almaty on the 23rd .
Just got off the phone with Jennie and I know you already talked to her . My direct flight tomorrow cleared so I plan on taking it . I will pray really hard that you can join me on the 20th & then we can spend some of our waiting time together .
yes
travel
This sounds fine . Please have my phone forwarded to Ava and provide her with my contact information .
Looks good
Thanks for your leadership on this issue . The commercial staff has been very concerned about the lack of daily data and I haven't made much headway with the GMS folks . I'm glad you are involved ! I will be traveling out of the country next week . Others from my staff will attend and I'll catch up when I return . Happy Holidays Shelley
Made it to Almaty . Thanks for all your help . It is hard to access my enron mail from my hotel . If you need to get in touch with me , please email me at cormanerb@cs.com Shelley
Ricki -- I think it's working .
Jennie , I made it home last night , but have been unsuccessful in resolving Kim & Alina's travel arrangements . I have only been able to get the answering machine at your office this morning . I need to get Kim & Alina on flights home on Wed . Jan 9 . My current thinking is that it may be better to take a refund on the Lufthansa return tickets ( since the Moscow Lufthansa office doesn't want to reissue ) and to instead prepay tickets home for them on a flight path that only requires one change ?  Please advise Shelley Corman
Terrific . I called to let Kim know . They will be leaving in just a few hours . One last item . Can you make them a reservation on this flight . Kim will purchase the tickets at the Dallas Airport . Flight: Continental Airlines flight 1662 on a McDonnell Douglas MD80 Jet - non-stop Arrive: Houston , TX Bush ( IAH ) - Wed , Jan 09 at 5:45pm
I sent it to her
Hi . I'm here -- just barely though -- my sinus infection is back . Can we get together in my office ( the less elevator riding the better ) sometime between 11-1 ? I'm planning to be out of office tomorrow .
See you then 4262
Thanks for your message . I returned home on Monday , but Kim and Alina are in the air right now and will arrive home tonight . Please let me know about your availability for an appoint Thurs . Jan 10 ( PM ) Fri Jan 11 Mon Jan 14 ( PM ) Tues , Jan 15 or Wed , Jan 16 . Thanks Shelley Corman
Here is my draft written review . Take a look at it and we'll sit down when you have a chance . Keep up the great work . I know things have been really stressful for you lately . It was terrific to have you to rely on when I was away ( and when I'm here too! )
Here is my written review . Let me know when you want to sit down and talk .
Donna , Here is the draft written performance review that I prepared while I was traveling . I would be happy to sit down and discuss with you in person at your convenience .
Does Fri at 10 work for you ? I may be in tomorrow too after I make sure Alina won't freak out with the babysitter . Next week sounds fine for vacation . I wasn't able to use the global phone in Kazakhstan . But a friend recently rented one and used in Europe . The neat thing is that you use you're reg cell number . Playdate sounds great Talk to you tomorrow .
Yes please explain that 8 need Dr signature so she can start preschool Tues . Besides Fri and Mon afternoons I don't have any other planned time off
I'll be in this afternoon and will give you a call
Great
Donna , Attached is the written comments that I prepared while I was traveling . I can't remember if I already sent this to you or not . ..please forgive me if I already sent this to you ( sinus congestion is not conducive to sound thinking) . Let me know when you want to sit down and talk .
Brad , Attached are the written comments that I prepared while I was traveling . Let me know when you would like to sit down and talk both about 2001 and directions for 2002 .
I'm fine with giving him these charts and also the job description write ups from the website .
Barbara , Received your message . I can't promise that I will attend , as things are pretty much ad hoc at my household at this time while I try to establish some new routines . I'll try . See you Sunday .
I'm okay with the information ( with cost center numbers excised) . Thanks
Here are my thoughts
Thanks ! Saturday was great . Yesterday was not a banner day for me . I just kept having feelings of remorse and then guilt that I was feeling remorse . You're probably the only person that can understand how I'm feeling . Talk to you tonight . If you and Chad are gone to Karate before we get home -- we'll go to the store and have dinner ready .
Hi Nancy I have Alina at the Dr for her physical this afternoon , but we should be home by 6 PM and be home all evening . Sorry I missed choir last night .  We are still transitioning and Alina had a fit as we were leaving a friend's house to come to choir . See you soon Shelley
Ha Ha - We have no busy schedule . We are just trying to do exciting things like making it to work each day . Feb . 9 is fine . Of course you have so kindly showered Alina with gifts that she isn't in need of much .
Please touch base with Gina and let her handle this .
I guess we'll cancel the direct report meeting since this means that Lynn , Steve & Mike will be absent .
Sorry Teb but I have an appointment with the Sinus Dr . Can we visit in advance of your meeting ?
Yes - please reschedule for Tues . Thanks
How about 2:30 ? I'll come to you if that time is okay .
Hi . Thanks for the info .
Hi . Sorry we missed rehearsal Sunday , but we are definitely still "transitioning." We will be out of town on Sunday morning at a family gathering and will not be in church to sing . We will be at choir practice Sunday evening . I'll look for March and April songs for the Cherubs . The videotape of the Christmas program is cute . Maybe we can find a time to watch it .
My meeting with Rod is next Wed .
I'm concerned about the magnitude of the supply imbalance that we've built up again . Tim - are these numbers verified and up to date . Can I get a breakdown of the 1.5 Bcf and the 700 MMcf current month portion . It seems like we just worked down these balances in the fall and now we're building these balances back up again . If these supply imbalances are building up as a result of Phase V outages perhaps the payback gas use should be separately captured and recorded against the project .
Did ETS officially make a bid to the bankruptcy court for abandoned equipment ? Any computers or just flat screens ?
Sorry I'm so slow in getting back with you on your suggestion . Nothing moves fast in the world of bankruptcy . Before I left to go out of the country we had put together a proposal to the bankruptcy court to buy computers -- per Donna's note below the bankruptcy court hasn't acted on it yet . I'll let you know if I hear of any opportunity for employees to buy computers . Shelley
Ok I'm thru with appointment and am on my way in
Thanks again for the kind gift of beanie babies for the orphanage children . Your kindness is memorialized in my journal . If you are interested , I have in my office pictures of the kids with their beanies .
Please send me an email with your travel dates -- as I need to make some appointments and plans and I don't want to book while you are going to be gone . Thanks
Tuesday will be fine
I would like to offer the gas controllers the first opportunity on the Gas Logistics Aeros tickets (  4 tickets ) for the month of February . Available games are: Sun , Feb . 3 at 5 PM vs Utah Grizzlies Tue , Feb 5 at 7 PM vs Chicago Wolves Fri , Feb 15 at 7:30 PM vs Utah Grizzlies Wed , Feb 27 at 7 PM vs Chicago Wolves Please contact Ricki Winters at x35754 if you are interested . The tickets will be given on a first come , first served basis .
Yes I am here actually I'm on a conference call . I'll email later tonight . Kim will be out of the country on Feb 9 . I'm hoping I can bring Alina and make a play date for Chad We are headed to Austin tomorrow . We'll be back Sun . Can you meet at T and C on Sun afternoon Chad would like to go to Zainy Brainy and I need to exchange some things at Gymboree
I forgot to send the address list before we left for Austin . I'll give it to you tomorrow . Alina , Chad and I will meet you and Miss B tomorrow at 1:30 at T and C Starbucks . Then we can go to Zainy Brainy . How long can you guys shop ? I have some gift certificates for Ann T , Gap and Gymboree . What is the shower at Patsy's for ? When do you have to be there ? Kim has to travel to Indonesia on business Feb 8 to Feb 19 .
I already had Donna prepare a revised budget with people assigned directly to pipes and no cross pipe allocations . It is rough still -- but looks like we can stay within budget for each pipe .
Christi - here is the plaintiff malpractice reference from Cyndi . Rick used to work with Cindy at Full bright and recently formed his own firm . I know him and he's a great guy . Rick A . Eckerson Houston , Texas 77002 713-654-9353 ( direct ) 713-752-2199 ( fax )
Sorry I missed your call last week . Kim misplaced your email address so I'm taking a stab that this is it . I'd love to talk to you about your upcoming adventure to Kazakhstan . Do you know where in Kazakhstan you'll be adopting from ? Happy New Year Shelley
Please remind me of who you plan to have stay in the TW/FGT world to cover SCADA ?
Please pick one up at lunch .
Thanks . Please send a note to the gas controllers that we will be having a staff meeting
Hi Mrs . Traylor , Obviously things have been a bit chaotic in our family life as we try to get Alina ( "Chad's new adopted sister ) settled into our routines . We have been trying to keep Chad's routines as normal as usual , including bedtime and homework time . While he seems happy with school , I have noticed decreasing marks on his homework and practice tests . This especially concerns me with respect to his math -- where he has always been an excellent student . Do you have any suggestions to help Chad with timed practice tests ? Do you recommend any particular classes ( Kumon , etc ) or workbooks ? If you think it is appropriate to meet to talk about Chad's progress , I could come to school anytime this Friday , February 1 for a conference . Thanks Shelley Corman-Erb
Patty , Stephanie & Barbara , I have samples of Group's VBS curriculum and Children's Church curriculum and would like to get together and see what you think . Group's VBS this year is called Bug Safari ( think "Bug's Life") . The bible lessons are about David and play on theme of little in size , big in spirit . The video ( that can be used during refreshment time & is the basis of our Friday evening program ) features Chatter the Chipmunk -- so we could reuse the adorable costume Ann Turney made . I would like to select the curriculum with you guys before we have our volunteer luncheon ( which I would like to do in late Feb or early March) . I would also like to agree on the date in mid-late July for VBS . I think I currently have 2 weeks penciled on the church calendar . I also have ordered samples of Group's Children's Church curriculum . I have been struggling lately with inspiration for new lessons and some pre-prepared lessons might help us draw in additional volunteers . Most of our volunteers are enthusiastic about helping -- but not preparing -- a children's church worship . Evening meetings are difficult for me right now -- as there is much to do in the evenings and little time . I would love to meet sometime this weekend if you are available . ( Kim will be out of the country the first few weekends in Feb. ) or I can meet on Fri . Feb 1 or Fri . Feb 8 - if either of those days suit .
Thanks for your kind words . I also wanted to thank you for your flexibility in covering both the gas control desks and the measurement desk .
In my office instead of 42c2 . Thanks
Yes . Please add Tami Head , Barbara Bakanic & Maggie Van Syckle if its not too many . The offer is still open for you and Linda to host at my house if you would like . Here is Gaby's address: Gaby Paniagua
Okay
Hi There . So glad you are back . How was skiing ? Hope we can get together on Sat . or Sun . I never know the polite way to suggest gifts . Perhaps just a gift ideas list ? Summer clothes ( Size 4T pants/5T shirts ) Swimming accessories Loving Family Dollhouse Furniture & Accessories Gift certificates * In lieu of gifts , contributions can be made in Alina's honor to Kidsave International
Sorry I missed you today . Looking forward to lunch tomorrow . Will 11:45 at La Grilia suit you ? Have fun at your event tonight . Also - mea culpa . I just replaced my daytimer calendar for 2002 and realized that I missed Matt's birthday . I hope that wasn't the day we were all over at your house . Oops . Wish Matt a belated greeting on us and of course congrats on his promotion . See you tomorrow .
See you at 4 Pm
Now that we have Alina's initial visit out of the way and she has stopped talking about the bad ( "jaman" ) nurse that gave her the shots , I guess it's time to plan round two . Please let me know the appropriate timing to schedule a follow-up visit for further immunizations . Thanks Shelley Corman
I worked on the grade level promtion . I didn't know what her new title was supposed to be . Lynn chcecked with Fran and she told her coordinator . So I guess we'll have to check back in with Fran
I think your outlined measures sound fine . I would think we could change to the new hotline almost immediately .
Got your note . I'm volunteering at school this afternoon and can't open the attachment on my Blackberry . I'll review and send you a note over the weekend
Okay I'll go for a ticket . Are you back in town . Do you want to go to the cafeteria for lunch .
This isn't the language that we ageed on and it will cause serious objections from my camp . I thought I sent Jim an email over the weekend . The language needs to say that Enron has advised that it is willing to treat UBS as an affiliate . .  We cannot say the interstate pipelines are agreeing -- as this would take agreement of our partners .
Cyndi , I have misplaced Lori Schroeder's cell phone number and need to set an appointment with her before Sat ! Help . Thanks for getting together Sat . -- even if I am bad at picking movies .
Could you please be so kind as to send me the full shower address list back ( my list was missing some addresses) . I want to make sure I get organized to send out thanks after the party .
Hope your week is going well . Here are a couple of things I wanted to tell you . 1 . I made the arrangements for the house rental , bought 8 baseball tickets each to two of the games where I thought day of the game seats would be hard to come by & got our airline tickets . 2 . Hopefully you got the invitation from Cyndi/Rosemary for Sat . I know you have Karate plans that day so I understand if it doesn't suit you . If you decide to come let me know though . Grandpa is willing to come and stay with Chad ( Kim will be in Indonesia) , but I wanted to also see what D&T will be up to . 3 . Does any day this week suit you for exercise - walk/run ? Shelley
Hi Georgi , It's nice to hear from you -- although I wish it were under happier circumstances from your end . I know that your visited with Mike and Steve on gas control openings . Please also keep in touch with Rick Dietz for contract group openings and Lynn Blair for potential scheduling openings . I'll also touch base with them and let them know that you may be responding to upcoming job postings .
Congrats to you .
My thoughts are written into the document
Can they come in the afternoon on Feb 18 ( President's Day) ? I have an appointment with the tax lady in the AM . Can you see about getting Alina a Dentist appointment on Mar 1 at 8 AM ( or at 1 PM ) ?  Is it time for Chad to have an appointment again ? Chad has off school on Mar 1 & I plan to take a vacation day . Alina has an appointment for more vaccinations with Dr Kline at 10 AM . We may go to the zoo after that .
Here is the info that I think you need for the NNG package NNG Top Revenue Contracts Contract Expirations Breakdown of Revenues into Reservation ( Guaranteed Revenues) , Commodity & Penalty Revenues by Customer
Northern Natural Gas Company Extensive Access to Major Utilities and Industrials in the Upper Midwest Flexible Operations -Interconnections with 4 Major Pipelines in Market Area -Storage Capacity of 56 Bcf -Bi-Directional Flow Capabilities Over 85% of Revenues From Demand Charges 95% of Market Area Capacity Contracted Through 2003 No New Rate Case Until November , 2003 Michigan Storage Northern Natural Pipeline Enron Assets Texas Oklahoma Kansas Missouri Nebraska South Dakota Wisconsin Iowa Illinois North Dakota Montana Wyoming New Mexico Minnesota Market Area Volumes December Full Year
I copied the children's church materials yesterday and will have Gaby drop them off at church tomorrow . We agreed to have a children's church meeting tacked on to the end of the next children's ministry meeting . Would you please check to see that VBS is penciled in July 22-26 on the church calendar . Thank you Shelley ( making good use of my jury duty time )
Not at this time . I plan to continue to use my personal American Express .
Please feel free to give me a call anytime . Work is better . Home is still kind of crazy !
I love Aigerim and visited with her on my recent trip to Taraz . I took lots of pictures of Aigerim and if you send me your mailing address I'll send them . I am very interested in Aigerim's placement . Let me know either way about your decision . If you decide not to adopt her I would love to continue to advocate for her .
Somewhere convenient to Jim since he has to come from Beltway/EOTT . Will he come down Wetheimer ? If so we can meet at Highland Village - Grotto is it ? Or if he comes down I-10n then ?  ?
She has absolutely everything . A gift isn't necessary . I'm working on family pictures for her -- so a recent one of you guys would be great . And , if you want she could use a photo album or scrapbook for her story . Call me anytime for info . I'll let you know the next time I'll be in DC and you are always welcome to hop on down to Houston for a weekend . Tracey is coming next weekend . We'll be in State College around July 4 . Keep me posted !
Pressure to finish my review ! My husband is in Indonesia on business , so don't be surprised if I reply in the middle of the night when kids are asleep and I can concentrate
What a nice note . I hope you are feeling better .
Met sounds good
Great . Thanks again for going out of your way to meet Alina and join in the party welcoming her . You're the best !
FYI
Jayshree - give me a call this afternoon at your convenience . I've fact checked the IM and have a couple of questions for you and some language suggestions .
Sounds good . I'll give you my handwritten notes .
Yes - you name the time
Yes
I'm fine with the 1-2% growth rate , but think we need to make an assumption about the major contracts that expire 10/31/03 .
Thank you for your update . Our hearts are very heavy today for Rich and his family .
Jayshree - here are some thoughts on the IM . I still can't tie to the top customer revenue figures . Please give me a call to compare notes .
That's so sweet . Sorry our time on the phone was short this morning . As you well know , 6:50 AM is chaos at our house ! My sister is coming this weekend . She arrives on Sat . at 11 AM and leaves on Tues . Since you get home late Sat , I am anticipating that you'll want to sleep on Sunday . Sunday afternoon we are going to Mary Beth Schatzman's birthday party at a Mexican restaurant . Sunday morning the kids choir sings . Last night the Kudla's came over and we ate take-out . Christopher broke one of the plates on the wall in the dining room and was very active . I was pretty tired by the time I got everyone to bed . Work is very stressful this week . Tonight we are going to try to make it to Karate and we have to write out everyone's Valentine's cards . I love you too .
Can you please take care of this ?
Help
Lynn and Steve will attend for me .
Mike , Per your request for information to assist you on a NM tax matter , attached is a summary of measured receipts into the Transwestern system by state for the period April 2001 to June 2001 . Best Regards , Shelley Corman
Perfect ! Thanks .
Sorry we were unable to have a staff meeting this morning . I would like to have a brief ( 1 hr ) staff meeting tomorrow or Friday instead . Please let Ricki know about your availability . I will be out of the office next Tuesday morning . In my absence I have asked Mike Bryant to sit in on Stan's staff meeting and Steve January to sit in on Dan Dienstbier's meeting ( both moved to Tues . due to President's Day holiday) . Please see that the normal Monday morning updates are set to these folks . Lynn will compile the NNG Gas Logistics bullets and send to Drew/Emily Sellers . Donna Scott will compile similar style weekly bullets for FGT/TW/ETS . Donna check with Toby regarding the proper posting of these bullets . Thanks
I love you too . Thanks for the surprise . Chad thought we were on a treasure hunt . He especially loved the special kiss . They both have the sniffles and I have a sore throat . Man I don't want to get sick again . Happy Valentine's Day
I can do any of these dates . If we go to lunch on Feb 19 -- then my sister will be along with us .
Please advise
Sorry I missed you this morning . Could you take a look at this description from the outline . I checked with John O'Shea and its fine for us to work together on this . I'm back in my office . Please give me a call at your convenience ( x37083 ) Competitive Threats Northern's competitive position is bolstered by the presence of ( 1 ) long-term agreements , and ( 2 ) a configuration of small-diameter branchlines with multiple delivery points that function as an extension of the LDC's distribution system . Minnesota: ?  Northern's major Minnesota customers have contracts that extend through 2007 . Beyond current contract terms , there is a mid-high possibility of bypass in Minneapolis/Twin cities area ( Alliance , Viking or Northern Border); low-medium bypass possibilities in Rochester and Mankato , MN ( Alliance) . Iowa: ?  Northern recently extended the contract with its major Iowa customer ( MidAmerican ) thru 2005 . Beyond current contract terms , Northern will face competitive threats from NGPL in the Des Moines and Sioux City . ?  With several significant contract terms up for renewal in 2003 , Northern will face competitive pressures in the Wisconsin and Chicago areas because market prices are below maximum tariff rates and due to the high concentration of competing pipelines . To some extent these competitive factors have already been recognized , as Wisconsin Gas has already bypassed Northern via Great Lakes . The distance of competing pipelines to many Northern towns will preclude bypass for many others . Major competitors in the market area include: ?  Alliance ?  ANR Great Lakes ?  Natural Gas Pipeline ?  Northern Border ?  Trailblazer Viking
Saturday night sounds good . My sister will be here ! Things are going fine at home...but we'll be happy to have Kim home !
Greg , Typically I sign all these EDI trading partner agreements with Lee Huber's initials . Can we get the proper agency/delegations in place so that I can continue to sign without further ado so long as the agreements are identical to the GISB standard agreement . We can put in place a separate procedure for any non-standard TPAs ?
Any numbers for me ?
Can you send me the latest version ? Also , I am expecting to shortly have the power plant numbers to add for the 1 market and 1 southend power plant per year based on actual annualized revenues from a recent market power plan ( Great River ) and southend ( PowerTex) .
Great Rosemary , I'm so slow in thanking you for the lovely party . You are the best . My sister will be here for our lunch on Monday too . We're going to be out shopping that day .
I previously mentioned to you that I have assigned John Buchanan as Mgr , TW scheduling to ensure that we have a consistent focus on TW scheduling matters and presence at the 8 AM TW morning meeting ( Lynn Blair , Steve January and Terry Kowalke are in the NNG morning meeting each day at the same time) . Previously Terry Kowalke and John Buchanan split time advising the TW and NNG team on day to day scheduling matters . Terry was sitting on 39 and John on 42 . In light of the immediate change in their assignments , I asked John and Terry to switch desks . I need you authorization to move their telephones . This change is important to demonstrate to the commercial groups of both NNG and TW that we will not miss a step in tending to daily business even during the transition . Thank you for the support .
It's not final yet . I'll forward the latest copy that Jayshree sent me yesterday afternoon . I still need to check that all our comments were added .
FYI
I'll gladly bring my photo album and Alina . Chad has a playdate at a neighbors house . Gaby told me that she cannot attend . You mentioned that several people may come to the get together late and that we may visit longer than 12:30 pm . My sister is arriving in town for a visit around 12PM and a cab is picking her up at the airport . I currently have arrangements for the cab driver to take her to my house ( probably around 1 PM) . Let me know if you think I should change this arrangement . I can't think of anyone we missed for the party , except Bobby Oldfield . She is going to start working with us on Children's Church and was a fantastic help with VBS . I inadvertently dropped her name from the list . Thank you for everything you do . I'm always overwhelmed by your kindness . Shelley
Here are a few more minor edits I saw in the latest IM
Kevin , We can get ETS-related pipe throughput for 2001 ( and Rick has subsequently sent the TW 2001 data) . But we won't have non Enron pipeline throughput until they publish .
I j found three more minor nits .
Sorry but I don't have an isolated power plant capex number . In the NNG commercial folks original budget they forcasted $1.2 M revenue growth from $25 million 2002 Capital . So my thought is that if you have already included maintenance capital = depreciation , then $25 million capital includes market area expansion as well as power plant growth .
We should change all refernces to say top 10 customers provide 66 percent of revenues .  I changed that in one prior draft . The other figure is the top 15 contracts . I think we should stick to customer figures rather than mix customer and contract stats
There are a couple of slides in the recent bank package NNG prepared and a few more slides in the original 2002 budget package . I'm a vacation day but have to stop by the office later today and will round these up
Skyline refers to added seasonality that NNG proposed to add to its rates . The rate case settlement represented a compromise approach to shifting more responsibity to the peak . So no we didn't implement Skyline as proposed and nothing is pending . I expect that NNG will make a new proposal to refect peak cost responsibility as part of the next rate case
Tomorrow morning !
Okay - so I see that it's Orlando Cogen ( not Orange) . I'm unclear what the relationship is with El Paso . Do they own 100% of Orlando Cogen ? Are they the designee ? Have they sent correspondence to us that El Paso is now owner or contact party for this contract ?
Can I see the Trunkline OBA too
I just got this message . I assume it is an old message or do you have a new injury ?
In addition to the post-it note , please record the following items: 6576 Lynn Blair $75 * Also - please make sure to record the approx . $2200 deposit I made while you wer gone . Thanks
Rick I need you to work out a full budget for this class & the Houston class -- both the customer portion + the individual employee travel expenses that will hit our budget . Once you have the cost estimate together , lets sit down and make sure we're okay from an overall budget perspective and then make sure that the participating staff know that we need to stick to the budget . What did we put in the 2002 plan for the TW contract training ?
Are you at all worried that this starts the move to zone rates in the market area ? Do we care ? Are we worried about having competitive Zone E/F rates ?
When you have a chance - can we talk about this ?
2:30 works for me .
Please coordinate a meeting next week between Don Hawkins , myself and Rod Hayslett for Don & I to discuss a proposal for NNG Measurement with Rod .
Another concern I have is that once we say that we can path -- then we've lost our best argument against physical segmentation .
Rod , I received Don's memo before I sent out the memo that we had talked about -- so I turned the thoughts into reply comments .
FYI
Would you guys be amenable to signing up the boys for Nature Explorer Camp July 29-Aug 2 . The Audubon lady said that I can sign Chad up with the 7-8's if he's going to be with a 7-year old buddy . Summer Schedule I'm not planning any camps for Chad the week of June 3 because of Swim Team ( really busy first week of June) . June 10-14 is Grace VBS We'll be on vacation week of July 1-7 Ashford VBS July 22-26 Hopefully Nature Explorer Camp week July 29 - Aug 2 . I'd like to sign him up Biron's or some other camp 1 or more weeks ( either): June 24-28 July 8-12 July 15-19
Yes I can either meet you at noon or at 3 PM take your pick . I have to take the Kid's to a b-day party from 1:30-3PM -- Kim can watch them afterwards . I'd like to go to Neiman Marcus last call .
How did you make sure it was the right set ? Will it be delivered ? I,m so excited . This will make my week .
can you resend . There was no attachment
FYI Yesterday , Sunday the 24th , one of our gas controllers was stuck in an elevator for approximately 5 hours . Apparently the alarm and the intercom were not functioning and she had no way of notifying anyone that she was stuck between the 39th floor and the plaza . After other dispatchers became concerned about her being missing and searched for her , it was 2 hours before they determined she was stuck in an elevator . It then took another 3 hours to repair the elevator and get her out . We were advised by one of the guards that the weekly test and inspection of the intercoms was not performed on Saturday , as scheduled . Evidentially the level of maintenance and monitoring of the elevators has recently changed . We are pursuing this matter with Bill Donovan and the building/security staff .
I'll try to attend this meeting if you need me . I have a CLE class out of the office from 12-2 today . But , I would like to dispel the suggestion that Jerry put together the spreadsheet for me . I'm very enthusiastic about the AR tools that Jerry & Jim have developed and I'm happy that the reports seem to also serve the needs of the finance folks , but I feel like I made it clear that the customer service reps ( like Marion ) that are on the front line of collecting monies are the main clients of Jerry's reports . If the tool needs to be modified to better meet their needs -- then it should be modified . I'm all for automation and less manual intervention .
Wednesday will work best for me . Say 11:45 at the Daily Review ?
Would one of be able to email this gentleman . He called me again this morning looking for information on connecting a well to Northern .
Ricki - would you please: 1 . Make reservations at 11:45 on Thurs for Judy Johnson & I at Duck & Co in Hyatt 2 . Set up a pre-meeting for Don Hawkins & I before our meeting with Rod tomorrow 3 . Move my Wed . staff meeting to run from 10-11:30 ( instead of 9-10) . Since we no longer have a Wash office , I plan to watch the Commission meeting myself
I'm confused how this fits in with the projects that we recently had Dynegy approve . Is this one of the discretionary network upgrade projects that they agreed to support ? Or one of the other discretionary projects that we didn't have funding for before 6/30/02 anyway ?
I'd tell her that we have actual tickets for games on Mar 9 ( Astros ) and Mar 13 ( Indians) , but otherwise just plan to buy the day of the game . We just pulled schedules from the web . My feeling is that once they affirmatively decide they are going to FL , you should say that I rented a house and that you are going to come over and stay with us for a few days . I know this might push us to the point of her asking whether they can stay with us . .. . but I'm afraid the kids will spill the beans .
Per my earlier email --- this is the maintenance company's response .
Thanks for your concern . While it was very scary for Helen , I'm satisfied with Randy's reply .
I don't know who/what got everything stirred up today . It is true I have other offers , but none are new -- I've been thinking about them for several weeks and haven't made up my mind . I'll let you know when I figure it out !
Tim , Is the activity at the MidLouisiana points normal . How did we build up a 156,000 MMBtu balance at Port Hudson . Is this a measurement or a scheduling mismatch ? How big is this point ?
Here are a few thoughts .
Tim - The denominator in the load factor calculations needs to be updated . Please check with Mike to get the current denominator for the months .
Yes
18 . The primary term of this Agreement shall be from the Effective Date until cancelled upon fortyeight ( 8)-eight ( 48 ) hours prior written notice prior to the gas day by either Party or by other provisions herein .
Ann , Per Rod Hayslett , you are able to process changes to list B to accommodate instances in which Dynegy & ETS can agree on the specific assignment of an individual . Craig Buehler and Esther DaSilva are both currently company 179 employees . We moved both of these individuals to list C because we anticipated that one of the two might need to stay to support deal capture/contracts/data requests for TW . Craig Buehler has subsequently indicated his plans to leave the company if he is not assigned to list B . Dave Neubauer has requested that Craig be moved to list B and both Rick Dietz ( Craig's immediate supervisor ) and I are in agreement . And , if we agree to move Craig to list B , we need to make the same accommodation for Esther DaSilva . Dave Neubauer is in agreement with this revision as well . Accordingly , please move Craig Buehler and Esther DaSilva from List C to List B . FYI - we will use another contract position vacancy to cover TW deal capture/contracts/data requests if deemed necessary . Thanks Shelley
Don - I never heard anything back . Is everyone ok with these clarifications ?
I'll await Mike's email . Thanks .
Ditto Happy Birthday From Me Too ! Was I the first D-In-Law to wish you Happy Birthday ?
Let's see if Sheila can attend too
Sounds good . Is Marion comfortable with the plan ?
Thanks . I'll keep you posted .
Can you please advise what is going on with the flat panels that we had planned to distribute to our gas logistics team . It was in the budget and we had the okay , but now I'm hearing there is some hold-up & the units are stored on 44 . Shelley
Does that mean Rita will need to go through security every day ? My preference is to give her a temporary badge or activate her old Enron badge for the full week .
I just listened to the presentation on the GISB final rule on intraday recalls . The final rule requires pipelines to support intraday recalls and allow the recalling shipper to nominate at each nomination cycle , but the implementation of the rule will be in two phases: 1 . By May 2002 , pipelines must file tariff revisions to be effective July 2002 to permit recalls at the evening cycle or for capacity which was not being used by the replacement shipper . 2 . With respect to recalls during the flowing gas day , the Commission directs NAESB ( GISB ) to file comments by October 2002 on how these recalls should be accommodated , with reply comments by October 15 . Commissioner Massey noted that some parties claimed the new rule would undercut reliability . Staff responded that if a shipper is worried about partial day recallability , then they should buy capacity release packages that are not designated as partial day recallable . The releasing shipper can decide whether to offer the space with partial day recall rights or not . The discussion of the order seems to be in step with ETS pipeline 637 proposals to only allow intraday capacity release/recall at the timely and evening cycles at this time and say that we would need to build additional validations and need more time if required to allow recalls during the flowing gas day . The fact that comments aren't even being filed on phase 2 until Oct . -- I think we're safe to assume that this phase won't be implemented until 2003 .
I didn't understand we were borrowing them . I thought we already reached agreement to buy them .
I recently received a Schedule K-1 form from SSB . I sending you an overnight package with the form to add to my other tax materials . Thanks Shelley Corman
Yes . Of course I'm still here . I think my NNG friends are spreading the rumor that I'm out of here ! But , I just keep busy with my day to day work and try to put of making any decisions.. .
I haven't visited with Stan lately . Why do you ask ? I know he has a lot going and doesn't have the crystal ball that I and others are looking for . I'll try to sit Down with him next week . I'm not planning on doing anything this week .
What is an Ambassador Doll and where can I buy one ?
FYI
No idea . Let me know if you hear something .
Alina's Dr . appt is at 10 in the medical center . We'll have to have her go first at the dentist in case the dentist appointment runs long ? I was planning pasta for dinner . I am not going to the Bunco game until 7 PM . Chad should be in a really good mood -- since I put the treasure map in his lunch to find his post Stanford 9 Test present ( Battletops ) when he gets home .
Mike - Alina & I have decided to join Kim & Chad at the Aeros game tomorrow night , so we'll get the boys together for another event soon . Shelley
Per our earlier process discussion . . .
See my follow-up email
I approve .
Thanks for the update .
Rita , I was recently quizzing payroll on why I received two W-2s ( which sum in aggregate to my 12/31/01 payroll stub ) when I thought had been employed by the same co . ( 366 ) all year . Her records indicated that you had entered a change during the year . Could you look into why I can listed as having worked for both Enron Operations Services Co & Enron Corp . in 2001 ? Shelley Corman
Mike , I've never received any feedback on my notes . Can you give me some direction on whether my assumptions are correct ?
Thanks for talking to Ange . I'll give her a call tonight . My preference is for me to take 3/17; you to take 3/24 ( I'll have company); and no children's church on Easter . Let me know what you think . Shelley
I've lost track of the email replies -- please just let me know the final time .
I approve of the below-noted access . Shelley Corman Vice President , ETS Gas Logistics
No change . We are to retain all documents .
I'm okay with providing your attached sheet to Jane
Great . Just wanted to make sure I was on the right wave length -- as Jane Joyce has asked the IT folks for more detail on the contracts and revenue projects and I didn't want to lead the IT folks astray with my understanding of our meeting if it was incorrect .
You are going to be so very mad at me , but I have lost my ATM card . Can you cancel my card . I think this proves that I am no allowed to have an ATM card in the future . Call me .
It's been canceled . There were no unauthorized withdrawals . It very well may be in the pocket of one of my blazers at home , but I didn't want to take any chances . It's inactivated & I'll have to go to the local branch if I want a new ATM card with non-debit features . The automated service only offers replacement cards with debit features .
Still working...for today anyway . We spent a cold weekend in Conroe TX . Alina was well-behaved all weekend . Can you do lunch this week ? Perhaps tomorrow ?
Okay with me
Caroline , I'll have to do this by phone with you . Chad is sick . Kim stayed home this AM , but I'm planning to work from home this afternoon .
Mr . Chad is sick today with a 102 fever . Kim stayed home this AM , but I have to relieve him and work from home this PM...so I need to reschedule lunch . I really need to talk to you though . Could you go for coffee or a quick dinner this evening on your way home assuming John is headed to Kingwood ?
We'll have a brief meeting at nine
Unfortunately I didn't write down the name of the person in payroll that returned my call to the main payroll number . Whoever it was logged into their system and said that the record showed you making the co . change . Could you give payroll a call ?
I need for Mike to carry a Blackberry . Please advise on how to make this happy for Mike . Shelley Corman VP Gas Logistics
FYI
Sorry - but it looks like you'll soon be saddled with a Blackberry
Mr . Chad is still sick today , but he much appreciated the bear . I'll have my cell phone with me too . We will be back on Fri . Mar 15 . Please look at your calendar to see if one of the following dates would suit for our shopping excursion: April 4 or 5 , 10 , or 11 . FYI - Alina had her first MMR vaccination back in Jan and will have her followup in early April . She purportedly already had all her MMR vaccinations in the orphanage but I am repeating just to be certain . I've got an attic full of stuff for you and many , many Saturday's full of wisdom ( and humility) .
Thanks I found this too .
Jim I would be happy to do my usual Spring bedding flower planting , but I will be out of town on our Spring break trip on Sat . Mar 9 . Please advise on whether you/the trustees would like me to add some new bedding plants around the trees , memorial and church entrance the following weekend on Mar 15 .
I am looking to schedule a Vacation Bible School Training Meeting . I am wondering whether there are any conflicts on the church calendar if I schedule this meeting for May 5 , 12-2 ? Shelley Corman
I'm back . I was gone all of two minutes . I needed a bathroom break . I figured out that the straw was simply the 2 or 3 issue and so I didn't bother to chime in when I returned .
Sorry but I'm hostage in . Meeting in 39c1 . I'll catch up wti you tomorrow .
Chris , I was about to send off the info from the prior email when I received your latest update . However , I'm confused by the update . The form seems to be the same , except it is intended to be sent to the Republic of Kazakhstan in New York . Is that really where we are sending our registration information ? What about the autobiography . What is that , What is required ? I understand the urgency in registering and am prepared to do what it takes to accomplish this today . But , frankly this whole process was a surprise to me . Does your agency have an written materials on follow-up requirements/processes in general . I'm sort of at a loss on the whole issue of what comes next . When to apply for SS# . What about readoption . Passport , Certificate of Citizenship , etc . I was surprised when a resident alien card arrived . I need to take care of the registration issue today , as we will be on vacation starting tomorrow for a week . Shelley Corman
Thanks . I won't be home until 6 . Have meeting ,  . Will call when I leave
Let it rip
John - please drop Mike a line about the Contracts system implementation on TW on Monday AM as Mike is attending Stan's staff meeting for me .
I don't plan for us to sign on , we'll just wait for it to hit the board for vote .
Great . Thanks !
Pre April 1997 was specifically not covered by the 6 month rule . -- but 8 don't think that means that we are automatically required to process all old ppas . I think we should plan to manually handle any pre 1997 ppas that we feel bound to accept . FYI I saw Ken Caminiti at Animal Kingdom yesterday !
Florida is great . We have been on the go all day and its been after business hours when I've gotten back to the house so I didn't get to talk to you . But I have been reading my emails along the way and know about all the meetings next week . And we can send out an email on our staff meeting on Monday . Disney was great and I've been to 8 baseball games . Today we're going to an Astros practice and then we catch our flight home . See you Monday
See you soon !
I can either plant this Sat or next . If you guys already mulched last week , then I can manage the planting on my own . If not , I could use help with mulching the beds before I plant .
Have a great trip . I'll be thinking of you .
Call me when you get to the office . I have been thinking of you constantly this last week and am anxious to hear your voice . Have a great week back at the office .
I have received the revised W-2 forms from Enron that increases my reported income to reflect my non-eligibility to participate in the dependent daycare spending accounts . ( See letter in the package of information that I previously delivered to you) . Evidently Enron failed the test for providing dependent day care benefits to highly compensated employees . I will fedex the revised W-2 forms to you . I would like to set up a date ( perhaps over the lunch hour one day ) to meet at your office to review my return and to discuss alternatives for the second home ( either rental or sale to my mother and/or her fianc?) . Shelley Corman
I'm fine with not having Children's Church Palm Sunday -- recognizing that we won't have CC for 3 weeks then . I'll adjust the curriculum notes accordingly and we'll pick up with Children's Church on April 14 .
Please let me know if there is a time in the day that you would like me to meet with or great your TECO guests .
Yes , I volunteered to continue to keep up the flower beds again this year . I was planning to pick up some flowers early Sat . morning at plant at the church . If you want to meet me there around 8:30 AM or so that would be great ( but please don't feel obligated) . I think we could get the planting done in about an hour . Congrats to you on your recent wedding . I am so thrilled for you both .
FYI Regarding Mn EC Closing . I really enjoyed our talk last night . You gave me some really good advice . I'm sure that vacation/going out of town is the very last thing that you feel like thinking about , but when you're up to travel thoughts let me know if you would be interested in going to the Hill Country Hyatt some weekend . I think Alina would love the water rafting . We could go the weekends of May 11 , 18 or 25 if you are interested . Talk to you soon . Chad really , really wants to have Tom come over to play soon !
Please plan to get together tomorrow , March 20 from 3-4 PM in 39C1 for a staff meeting . We can talk about the new Enron severance policy , the return of the personal best award program or anything else that is on your mind . If you have issues that you know that you would like me to address please drop me an email today so that I can do some research and be better prepared to answer your questions . Shelley
OCC has called me and I am on the call and the operations folks seem irritated with my explanation that I no longer cover communications so I have jotted down the notes on the call and would like to hand over to you as appropriate . Summary notes from Tom Mertz -There was an oil spill on the Block 49 platform off the coast of LA in Elod ( sp? ) Bay on an EOTT facility . - Have 2 people on blocks but they are busy with booms ( so they are out of communication ) and others are on the way to the site to bring up communications . - The spill was initially reported at 10 barrels . But later received report that slick reported as 250 ft wide x 1.2 mi long . And it is nearing the bank/shore . - Going to do fly over . - Govt agencies have been called including the Coast Guard . Coast Guard will meet us at site . - We have deployed US environmental to do containment and cleanup -There is concern that news will cover when slick reaches shore .
FYI
Let me know if you are okay with these and I will forward to Stan
Jennifer , Regrettably I will not be able to attend the April 19 meeting of the dinner . Please pass my best wishes on to both Dean Dutton and Professor Kleit for a successful meeting . Shelley Corman
The FERC is presently deliberating on more restrictive rules , but I'll answer in the context of the current rules . There are three main principles behind the current rules: 1 . Pipeline can't share shipper information with affiliate 2 . Pipeline can't share transportation info with affiliate -- unless pipeline is willing to publicly post info , and 3 . Pipeline and affiliates must operate as separately as reasonably possible . There is no prohibition on the pipeline having affiliate information , but the real root of your question is whether the entities are operating separately . For example , pipeline gets forward price curve info from affiliate -- we'd argue that this is just info that helps pipeline do its job better . But , compare with scenario where pipeline has a detailed list of all affiliates sales obligations - price , terms , etc . -- the argument can be made that the entities are not operating separately and the only reason that the pipe has this info is to favor affiliate business . There was a real case to this effect . The pipeline & affiliate attended a joint strategy meeting each morning . The pipeline claimed that it only listened during the meeting . FERC found that the pipeline and affiliate were not operating separately and fined the pipeline . So , I'd say that the rules are asymmetric for the case where the pipeline wants access to research/training/historical type info , but probably symmetric when it comes to matters of day to day contracts of transactions .
New rules propose to: 1 . Expand the list of who is a marketing affiliate 2 . Require pipeline to keep detailed records of communications with affiliates
Thanks , I needed a little bedtime reading !
No material impact .  The filing concerns various scheduling and balancing rules .
Ricki - I don't yet have answers back to many of the questions that I pitched to HR and Lynn and Donna are out -- so could you see about the possibility of moving our staff meeting to tomorrow afternoon ?
Hi Bev , Just checking in . What is the latest on your travel time frame ? Hope everything is moving quickly ahead for you . Shelley
Or are you still swamped from being out of the office .
Let me know how your Drs appt goes . I'll have to let you know later about Fri . -- got some scheduling things up in the air .
Let me know what you think about April 12 as a possible San Marcos date . Second choice would be April 5 .
I have another meeting at 3 . I'll join you late if I can . I'm just finishing up my comments on the NNG business plan and will forward shortly . This morning I discovered and forwarded to Teb/Rob the cases of several major pipelines ( Trunkline & Texas Eastern ) that converted to LLC status with no protests or conditions . These were unpublished letter orders so they don't turn up on a Westlaw search . Teb agrees that these provide a very straight forward road map for us .
Great
Are you interested in getting a group of people together to buy 4 tickets ( est . cost $10,000) ? Would need to be split 10 ways to be doable ?
Here's my first stab Key Findings 1 . With only one significant exception , the groups acknowledge their tasks/responsibilities in the measurement process . The only area that appears to be lacking defined roles/responsibility is follow-through on open issues/corrections that are not made prior to close 2 . The main issues with late data for billing relate to execution and lack of communication follow-through 3 . There needs to be an added focus in the field about how their tasks relate to the NNG billing process . Current procedures are written solely in the context of calculating UAF . 4 . The customers chart changing arrangements raise audit concerns and concerns about our ability to gather timely data for billing . Recommendations 1 . Educate field and GMS staff on use of measurement data in billing -- combination of written materials and presentations ( Gas Logistics) . 2 . Renegotiate chart changing agreements/gain understanding of timing parameters . 3 . Assign responsibility for past month issues past measurement close . 4 . Develop single point of organizational accountability for quality/timeliness of data fed into PGAS , including Field Teams with respect to their measurement duties; measurement technology , GMS and UAF specialist .
I can make that work for Chad if that is when Drew is available . I assume you are talking about Wk of June 24 ?
I agree with your strategy
Brad Holmes Steve January Lynn Blair Mike Bryant Donna Scott ( vac ) Sheila Nacey ( vac ) Rick Dietz Lindy Donoho Mark McConnell Michelle Lokay Kevin Hyatt * Individuals noted will be on vacation -- but you should probably send an invite anyway .
Please remember that you guys are to stop by Stan's office first at 10:30
How about Monday ?
Thanks of your words of encouragement .
Please add to my calendar
Teb - would you have time to brainstorm with me on some middle of the road rate treatment scenarios on Monday ?
Stan told me that you were using that title too . So I guess perhaps I negotiated another thing as well . Seriously though I would like to talk to you about using common titles .
Boy do I have a lot to fill you in on job wise . Here is the short version . Yes I have a new job . But , surprise , it's still at Enron . I am just swamped and will not have the 2 weeks off I expected so there is definitely no weekday San Marcos trip in my future . We have no plans for Easter -- other than the fact that Alina is scheduled to be baptized at 8:30 AM church . The Plaza/Houston/Met clubs have an Easter brunch that looks like it could be fun . On the other hand we could just relax pool side . We'd love to spend the day with you and gimpy . Just let me know your leisure preferences .
I am going to be available in a few minutes
Ricki Change of Plans --- Please change to Shelley A . Corman Sr . VP & Chief Commercial Officer and get my new room location . Thanks
What does this mean????? ? Will it affect my Blackberry ? Will it affect the ability to check email at
Please approve these requests
I don't plan to attend the NNG customer accts meeting
Yes - I will be moving to Steve's old offices
Thanks for your support . I'm sure that I'll be taking you up on your offer soon .
Sorry for the unfriendly greeting in the lobby . I just had my head in the clouds . Have a great evening !
Ina , You can book my flight from Houston with everyone else . Sorry for the pain of having to wait on me . Dutch
I have used Falls A/C and Heating a couple of time and was pleased with them . I do not have the number off the top of my head but I'm sure that they are listed . Would you be interested in golf on Sat ?  Dutch
nothing set i was thinking of just trying to walk onto herman or memorial or any coarse for that matter , i just want to play
Carlos , Can you send me the p&l file , thanks Dutch
Ina , Three things please; 1 . Do I order business cards through you or the associate program 2 . For my left line I need a shoulder rest & a mount put under my desk 3 . I need a tray that will mount on to the divider of the desk Let me know what I need to do so I can get this done Dutch
not a good time the market is picking up , call later please
Larry , Good to hear from you this morning , I will get back to you thoughout the day when trading is lighter
yeah i am going i will touch base with you later
Ina , I gave you a cellular bill to be expensed last week or early this week , do you still have it ?  Also do you have the flight info for Miami and hotel info ?  dutch
what job did you end up taking ? 
I have signed up for electricity through New Power and would like to be added to the pilot program . NewPower Connections Remote Energy Management Solution Henry Quigley
i am planning on it , i told pete that he ran off another book admin
please change deal V96295 from gas daily to just a nymex swap , this is an internal deal no confirms to change
Errol , Deal NS5777.2 ,  from 7/27/2000 of last year , should have been killed along time ago . Can you kill the deal in the system please . This might come up as a prior period adjustment , I do not know what happens when they are this old .
Carlos , Do you have the penultimate position for the Canadian book ?  Dutch
Ina , Did you find out anything on my expense check ? 
so how long is the turn around on exp checks these days ? 
you can yell at them again for me ok : ) 
please change deals from gas daily to nymex
Errol , what is the username and password ? 
thats cool ,  is there going to be a site set up that has all of the books that roll up t0 johns p&l ? 
the offer is 4.275
yes the coversion is 5.825 so ie 4.891 is 28.49
deal VC5559.1 volume should be 10,000 per day please check this deal it came across as EOL 10,000 lots per month
4025 bid on 64243147 volume 4035 bid on 30310857 volume 408 offer on 33395444 volume
Collin , I saved a file in the _dropbox named cash feed for john Can you add the eol listener so that john can listen to the eol bid and asks for different products Just add a new worksheet Let me know when this can be done Dutch
Can you give me an update on the new book for john ,  he wants to place trades into this book asap Dutch
I am glad to hear that the move went well . I am sure that you will do great and that you will learn alot . I do not know if you got a hold of Kori or not but she has been here during the week and gone on the weekends . I will be in sunny Florida this weekend and will be thinking of all my gator friends : )  Hope everything is going great Dutch
is your net send working ?  mine is not
what is you msn name
let me try this again what is your yahoo id
Two statues in a city park , one female and one male , had faced each other for many years . One morning , an angel appeared and told the statues , "Since you have both brought enjoyment to many people for years , I'm giving you your greatest wish and bringing you to life for 30 minutes . In that time you may do whatever you like." And the statues came to life . Smiling at each other , they ran toward a stand of trees and dove behind a couple of bushes . The angel smiled as she listened to them giggling and rustling in the grass . After 15 minutes , the statues emerged from the bushes , smiling and happy . The angel was puzzled . "You still have 15 minutes . Would you like to continue?" The male statue looked at the female and asked , "Do you want to do it again?" "Oh , yes!" the female statue said . "But this time YOU hold the pigeon down and I'LL poop on its head!"
The San Francisco Chronicle FINAL ( Copyright 2001 ) THE BUDDHA SAYS that we take wisdom where we find it . Perhaps the Buddha does not say that , but it's not a bad idea anyway . The Buddha would have said it , maybe , had he not been saying the other things . Our enemies can teach us lessons . Our adversaries can make us stronger . They can be consumed with greed and contempt , their very breath can be toxic , and yet their actions can open upward-flowing paths . Take Enron , the energy company , or Chevron , another energy company , or El Paso Natural Gas , yet another energy company . These organizations are the minions of Satan . They pillage and they profit . They are in the ascendant . Their enemies fall before them like cordwood . Ordinary citizens cower and meekly hand over tribute . And yet we thank them . We send our investigators after them and we pray that their executives land in jail , but we thank them . They have shown us the nature of our enslavement . They have defined the nature of our sloth . We have believed the Big Lie . We have believed in the free lunch . We have trusted those who would pander to us . We have eaten energy in great dripping gobs . Did we know it was not infinitely renewable ? Oh yes . Did we understand that energy companies could create "shortages" whenever they wanted merely by closing plants for "maintenance" ? You bet we did . And did we confuse the energy companies with charitable organizations and/or alchemists able to repeal the laws of nature ? We did not . But it was more convenient to forget those things , and so we did . We have busy lives . We must do the things we must do . The infrastructure is everywhere crumbling , and we are patching it up ourselves . We are paying bureaucrats with taxes , but the bureaucrats are inadequate , so now the spirit of volunteerism is much praised . Volunteers are people who do jobs that other people are being paid to do but don't . AND SOMEHOW , EVEN in a society as relentlessly materialistic as this one , we forgot about our own checking accounts . Already seduced by the idea that credit card debt is good clean fun , we decided to waste a lot of money using energy we didn't need . I'm not talking about using a washing machine instead of going down to the river and beating your clothes with small stones -- I'm talking about washing machines with quarter-full loads and settings far too powerful for the task at hand . Right ? Lights burning in unoccupied rooms . Appliances plugged in but never used . We pay for it . We send our wonderful money straight to the largest villains in American commerce because we are too stupid to do anything else . You wonder why they have contempt for us . You wonder why Dick Cheney believes he can fool all of the people all of the time . Because he has . Look: Last week the secretary of commerce suggested means-testing Social Security -- that is , means-testing a pension plan . You gave us the money , we kept it for 40 years , now -- prove that you need it ! Why did he suggest that ? Because he can ! Why did PG&E demand additional compensation for its executives , who are moral dimbulbs and social criminals under any fair definition ? Because they can get away with it ! They will get away with it ! You watch ! I AM NOT saying that we have no one to blame but ourselves . There are active villains , and there are people who allow villainy to occur . Everyone in a corrupt system is corrupt . The fools are the ones who don't end up with any extra money . We are the fools . If we understand our foolishness , we begin to be wise . We send lovely bread-and-butter notes to Enron -- once we were blind , but now we see . And we await developments , or create them .
Ina , I still have not gotten my last two expenses ,  can you see if john has approved them are where the snag is also from the trip how do I expense out a cash expense with out a receipt ie paying at crowbar for 6 people ?  Dutch
thanks for checking on that ,  it was $120 for the club ,  how should i put it on my next exp report ? 
4.17 offer
Glad to see you working on some good stuff : )  you need to pull out a black sholes calculation and input the varialbles that you were given and then call a power options trader to ask for a marekt to check the resonableness of the model models can be way off on options due to skew and market conditions good luck
I have not heard any major news on the ENE stock ,  we are all just watching it drop most energy company stocks are in decline right now ,  wal street is bearish with energy stocks until california gets settled How is the new group ?  Dutch
Ina , Please order a mic and speakers for my computer dutch
thanks ,  i had not seen this
Hey Lee , I was checking my msg for the claims adjuster and realized you left a msg ,  anytime you want to get a hold of me just email me or stento me at 5952 ,  I never know when I have a msg on these phones the market was weak this morning mainly due to power and then cash came in strong around 9:45 then that was followed by short covering and stop losses ,  during this the front was strong and the back was weak and then the back picked up support when the front got over 4.30 and the back pushed it up from there All of this in front of aga what a day
last night settle for this strip was 4.362 bid 4.33 at 4.39 is there a time frame on this deal ? 
4.30 bid at 4.40 for 580 contracts over 20 years
change eol deal VH2717.1 with IDACORP Energy L.P . to 4.1675
Ina , John got a new phone and needs a shoulder rest
thank you very much
thanks for the offer , but i can not get out would y'all want to play on the weekend to brush up ? 
hey denise , i just wanted to say that i am alive and well thank you for all of the sweet messages that you have left they have brightened up my day everytime I have been very busy with all the flood stuff and will soon be packing up whats left in the house to take it to storage Kay and my self are still very dayd to day I LOVE YOU NISE
381 bid
no just yahoo : dutch_quigley
my bid is 3.61
there is a good coarse next to richard in baytown i lost my texas nation ticket in the flood but i would still go Kevin gets back this weekend and i will ask if he wants to play I am up to play anytime
settles was 3.542 bid is 3.515
Glad to hear that you are doing well . Sorry so late on this , I have used ALtra ,  TransEnergy ,  and Risk Works . Enron uses all self built risk programs . I have also heard good things about Crystal Ball but do not know much about it . I hope all is well Dutch
Baytown or Texas National in Willis Texas I checked the day trips from Houston guide and they say that these "locales" can be done with the proper prep time tata for now Dutch PS Jerry are you even close to double digit score yet ? ??? ?
i am up for any day let me know what everyone says
Do you have a full day of work today ?  i get off early and wanted to know if you and some others might want to goto a late lunch ?  dutch
school suxs man when are your down times
thats not to fun i will get with you then at the xmas party if you ever have any free time let me know
book an unwind to deal VM0463 with cook inlet to take the trade to position and P&L
lets all step away from the email and just let it go so are we all up for golf in baytown this weekend ? 
John , VAR 28,430,783 you 30,631,914 maggi 1,987,483 relative pos this morning -775 there have been issues with the pl and position the past few days ,  there is a 1/2 mil that should have gone to mike on friday and we taking care of that today let me know if you need anything else
curve shift on the big book - 5,735,431 Let me know if you need anything
i had the first look at the graphs today and i am fine tuning a few things will give you pl ,  relative pos and var in the morning
John Let me know if you need anything else market is trading 3.205 winter summer is running 0.64 Arnold + 2,688 mil Maggi - 1,169 mil Var Arnold 27,532,399 Maggi 4,369,956 May 668,899 Total 22,433109 Relative Pos is long 7 contracts Pos By Month
PL Daily Month VAR John 27,070,016 Mike 2,288,081 Larry 1,379,681 Total 23,040,044 Wave is fair but stalling , it had trouble going through 3.30 in auggie but on the nws and api news it broke other levels are 4.00 in winter and 3.90 in cal 2 . My opinion is that it will take a low aga or weather to push through all three of these resistant levels at one time . Cal 2 was 3.90 bid this morning and then came back off to 3.875 along with winter being 4.01 bid and falling with it . This has happened several times already . Let me know if you need anything else
Eric , John Arnold is out until Monday , please remind me and I will talk to him when he gets back . Dutch
VAR John 28,167,2956 Maggi 1,937,614 May 1,948,078 Total 26,767,309 Let me know if you need anything
John -14,865 VAR John 30,313,908 Mike 6,792,300 Larry 1,100,882 Total 22,890,733 Market is off 3.33 bid in Q ,  cal 2 3.785 bid Power is selling & Calpine is selling cal 2 strong this am let me know if you need anything
UNSUBSCRIBE gasindex
UNSUBSCRIBE gasindex
Eric , John is comfortable with sending out a 5 year curve to Egypt also he does not want to adjust the length of the forward price curve in the system due to non liquidity in the market that far forward Dutch
Joey , Take care of these trades please ,  they are old deals that have already been settled but still need to be changed for confirmation purposes Dutch
UNSUBSCRIBE powerindex
Angie , The risk guys shald have changed these deals let me know if they did not Dutch
Kevin , Please change the Descriptor from US Gas Fin Spd Nymex NL1 vs PEN Sep01 USD/MM-L to US Gas Fin Spd Nymex LD vs PEN Sep01 USD/MM-L all else looks fine . Dutch
i also sent it to eric
yes I would like to be in the new Enron parking garage
good morning kay I hope that your day goes well
good morning to you too baby i am interested in you it sounds fun i just have to buy shoes for my tux
Kevin , Here is the result of talking to Tricky Can you forward this to everyone and see what the response is
Not to stop the uhffl smack down but was anyone interested in golf ?  I know that Jerry has to leave the country to avoid complete humiliation in this sport but is anyone interested ? ? ? Dutch PS Jerry I hoped you passed the bar b/c you have no future as a golfer or uhffl manager
LUV YA BABY DQ
can you smell it
the rock is cookin' up an ass whoopin' tonight bitch how he is going to whoop is a question but some ass is gettin whooped
Under the Production section click on PROD NYMEX Tickers and that is the Nat Gas and WTI feed click on PROD EOL Tickers and then select Financial Spread & Avg Charts for the chart info .
Jen , Can you send me the conversion factors for unleaded ,  WTI and heating oil #2 to mmbtu equivalent Thanks Dutch
Good morning Honey Hope your day is going well I talked to the furniture people and not good news ,  they want $800 for the estimate , moving it and storage I am going out there Saturday to talk to Frank and look at the pieces
gas is back off 5 cents right now and longer term gas is off 6.5 cents he is there from 9 until 2 on sat i will let you know when later today
Can you smell whats cookin' in the WWF ?  I can and it's the Rock whoopin ass on the WCW
Kay When you have time please go through the spread sheet and add upgrades or alter the prices to what you think
Brock sausage dog here we come
good morning baby tee time on sat is 8 am so i should be done in time to go by 2 to the furniture store ok anything i can do for you today ? 
So how many fairways to keep the beaver ?  And I can use an iron on 1 and 17
i have never counted but i would say around 5 on the first cut
that means i have to hit 50 % this is not the pro am bitch what was the original bet 5 1/5 i would go with that
they did not even hit that many fairways at Bighorn on monday
i will breing several cigars to keep me calm 5 1/5 over under is done i forgot is an iron ok on 11also
will anyone that can give me some competition please step forward
brock dog at the turn for any one beating me
looks good ,  just flip the open and close columns pls dutch
i am here for you ok
kay i told you last week that i did not want to go if you perfer to go alone than this is not a problem if you would like tio share with me why you are on edge i am happy to listen but lets not argue about other things i am sorry if i did not make myself more clear i will in the future
i will work harder in future to be more direct with you
no prob i will communicate more clear next time how long is you spinning class and is it the one off shepard ? 
they are coming to get me around 4:30 and then i have ot go back to the shop to pick up the car can we meet before you go to meet liz ? 
thanks for the words on the phone last night i hope you have a good day
do you have your flight numbers
Can you send a check before you leave for $700 to cut rate and then we can get the material to then in the next 2 weeks if not let em know and i can do it
are you setting golf up for this Saturday ?  head to head for the beaver I am plus 1 1/2 to you if we are in the same four I am plus 2 1/2 to you if we are not in the same four
working great ,  is there anyway to get the words Telerate Data off or change the color so that it is not so bright
the one you sent me has multiple tabs but not the principal tab that you created Can you merge the two ? 
Felipe , I saved the page on the o drive so that andy zipper could open the file and he was denied Can you help with this ? 
Grasshopper , Geat to hear from you . I am doing good . Learning alot on the trade desk . Here is petes email address
Hey , I hope your day has good ok What are the plans for today and tomorrow baby ? 
THAT IS GREAT : ) 
that is a mighty tall bet on the brock dog....... .
how was your day baby
i saw that too and i really appriciate the though on the unlimited golf but i really think i can just pay green fees and not spend the money for "the package" b/c Friday i will not be able to play and i will only play twice i want you to be able to enjoy the spas also
meeting up at 8 is fine i am going to the gym to see how my back is ,  i still feel something but it is not like before so i will see i will call you later
I am in and Sep 9 works for me ,  I will be out of town for Labor Day weekend . late morning or early afternoon is the best time for me on the 9th Dutch
hey kevin do you have the website that the league was on I need to look at the old team password also please Long live the Rock baby
Hey , My mom's mom took a turn for the worst last night and went back into the hospital ,  it did not sound good at all I will get more info today
I can use a conference room at enron if people want to get together downtown ,  all items to be carried in unmarked bags though
Collin , I understand that you have been talking to the EOL people about being able to pull information from the databases I have talked to Franky about upgrading the macro we use but would like to talk to you about other options that there might be . Swing by when you have a minute to talk Dutch
Thanks again for the golf balls ,  they were put to use this weekend I am always bid for golf stuff just let me know
Kay ,  No go on the laon for both the current lot and the new house ,  I told my dad to drop the price to 198,500 this would pay off the debt and get that taken care of but no profit At this point we need to talk about the money that we would loose if we go forward but do not sell the lot it should be the cost of the upgrades at this point lets talk later ,  i know this is what you were worried about so i want to talk with you before going forward Love PS I really enjoyed you this weekend
Public Sub ReloadData( ) Dim ODBCstring As String Dim ws As Workspace , db As Database Dim rs As Recordset Dim curProd , oldProd As String Dim RowOffset As Integer Dim totalrow , tmpCount , i As Integer Dim today As String 'Dim next_date As String Dim userid As String Dim password As String ' ODBC connection string and database connection MsgBox "Fail to login to the database" Exit Sub End If ' get the total row that is used 'clear the old contents While Not rs.EOF With Worksheets("EOL" ) 'End If Else End If End With Wend With Worksheets("EOL" ) Else End If Next i End With End Sub
select REF_PERIOD_ENGLISH_SHORT_DESC,BUY_SELL_CD,reference_period_end_dtm,sum(transaction_qty ) from eol.TRADING_TRANSACTIONS WHERE TO_CHAR(transaction_dtm,'DD-MON-YYYY' ) = TO_CHAR(SYSDATE,'DD-MON-YYYY' ) and ref_period_english_short_desc like 'US Gas Swap%Nymex%' GROUP BY REF_PERIOD_ENGLISH_SHORT_DESC,BUY_SELL_CD,reference_period_end_dtm order by reference_period_end_dtm,BUY_SELL_CD
I am indifferent on the location just though downtown might be easier for everyone My poor drafting will be the same no matter where it happens Dutch
food and drinks are ok ,  and I can get a room with a TV ,  the only channel they do NOT have is espn it will not be as casual as a home but maybe move faster
i love you baby
done
no news as of yet I Love you
Kevin booked some tee times for 8 am Sunday morning , does this conflict with any plans ?  Luv ya
Here is a link with the Bear Creek Golf World Location to send to anyone
thank you soooooooo much for being able to take care of all the pay offs baby
try this
honey I love you ,  and i can take care of getting kori over there It is just crazy right now
I did not tell you but you were looking hot yesterday when you came down to the gym : ) 
i do not see these eveyday but when i do i will send it to you luv ya
Yours 23,249 Maggi 2,294 May 155 Zipper 58 Total 25,757 VAR Yours 34,573,920 Maggi 1,112,765 May 1,178,289 Zipper 175,777 Total 33,779,718 Let me know if you need anything
Eric , Here is the revised table . Let me know if you have any questions Dutch
me too ,  arnold is out today so a little busy i love you honey
will call ,  thnx
i am in also
Talking to michele grandma will not live to much longer so i will call mom later today remind me that we need to change the price on the brocures as soon as possible ok luv you
bid 3.815 Monday 8-20 at 11:45
no prob
Kevin , There have been several things change as of late in my life . One ,  we are not buying a townhouse anymore , we still have to sell our lot . Kay is going to stay at a townhouse near downtown and as of today i am looking for an apartment . I came to the realization that I got way off track ,  as I usually do ,  with the plan of both of us getting a place on our own for six months and going from there . I can not tell you how grateful I have been for the support both you and Nancy have given me during this time in my life . I know i have not been at your house as of late and that is due to being off track of the plan . Is it ok for me to be at your house on and off for the next couple of weeks as i get an apartment set up ?  I will be working on renting a place that starts the 1st of the month . Let me know
thank you for the msg I hope that you had a good eve also i will let you know when i hear anything on my grandma
My grandmother passed away yesterday so I will not be able to make it get with you guys next time
Good morning honey I hope you have a great day
that is great ,  how are the two of you doing these days with her back to work and life moving forward ?  tell me about the vegas trip for the 100th time ,  when where and $
I jsut left a msg for Kay ,  we might go out Friday to Sunday when are you going for the tent ?  ?
thought you might like this
crazy day baby i love you
the curve settled 3.57 for apr 02 to mar 05 the curve has an adjustment of 0.025 cents and our offer is 0.125 cents over that all in the offer is 3.72 I will get with john on Monday to confirm the 0.125 ,  I do not know if this fits into his position so this number may change depending on his position and opinion of the market .
Morning Honey , I just asked for the three days off before thanksgiving . let me know if you have any ideas for us other than a Vegas vaction I have to work the Friday after Thanksgiving though I wish you a great day baby I love you
test
let me know when ever you need anything
hope your day goes well i will pick up dry cleanning and sign for ernest money anything else ? 
workout was great i am really going to try and do the morning workout i was much more together with it this morning how was the walk in this morning ms big deal ?  ?
workin' ya
Laura , Do you have a pre made map to get to the Enron building with directions ?  Dutch
that is the quandary I have several people coming from different parts of Houston , I was hoping we had a pre-made one what do you think is the easiest way ,  yahoo ? 
always up for golf ,  can not play sat but can sunday
thnx ,  no need to print b/c i will be emailing them as well
my assistant is working on it ,  i am trading
no buyers on that market
All I have to say is that we have an first team all-American punter McClary jerseys for everyone
CHECK OUT THE LINK TO THE MIRAGE SPA NOTE THE DESERT HOT STONE MASSAGE AND TANDEM MASSAGE DQ
i thought so too : ) 
i love you very much also and sometime i need to let you express your angst and try not to get wrapped up in trying to make it all better but understand why you feel the way you do and work on myself and us as a partnership in life .
here are the written directions
that is good to hear ,  what are the plans today after work again ? 
i left a msg for cut rate today ,  have not heard back though
PLEASE NOTE: Dutch's cell number is 713-417-9037 the guard is in the building not the garage
I called and they have not assigned it yet b/c they are taking a the more severe claims first
Here is the bid weeks and holidays No more Holidays Bid Week sep 24-26 monday tues and weds Oct . No Holidays Nov Holidays 22 full day and 23 1/2 day Dec Bid Week is 21 , 26 and 27 Friday ,  Weds , & Thrus
Take a look at this site I thought that Section B would be good For two Tickets and the PSL it would be 5,000 Let me look into this more ok Love Dutch
i will call later on the tix ,  checking on the PSL price it was great to be home when you got there cut rate will be there at 6 tonight
no to the snake
if there are 5 franchise players then the order should be supplemental 1 through say 7 round one should go supplemental teams 7 to 1 then franchise teams in reverse order of how they ranked the previous year round 2 through what ever is the same as the other draft we did
suggested draft order: scenario 5 franchise teams and 7 non-franchise franchise teams ranked 1 - 5 based on total points of franchise player from previous year First the supplemental draft Round one # 5 franchise team , # 7 supplemental ,  # 4 franchise ,  # 6 supplemental and so forth and so on with a non snake system going from there ok everyone chew on that and spit back Dutch
now that i have Jeff on board lets here from the rest of you
12 or 14 teams ,  5 or 6 franchise players some one will always be complaining of unfair drafts this is just a suggestion to chew on I still agree with the vote and in keeping with the rules of the league
good luck with that ,  hun do we have a plan for Sunday ?  asked to play golf in the woodlands again LOVE YOU LOTS BABY
good morning baby can you send me the phone numbers for me to call had a great weekend love
at least i am up 12,500 on the trade from Sat . b/c my team sucked but i did beat john in the uhffl do we need to start doing anything for the tail gate ? ? ?
i was in for golf but i do not want to watch ernie lust after jerry for 18 holes of golf can i be an the other foursome please
that is great ,  i have tried calling the cable comp this am but it rang busy ,  will try later
got a different number and am on hold
early Sat morning works better for me
I saved the file let me know if you have any questions
if people do not want to play golf i suggest we all go to breakast or have lunch I would just like ot see and talk to everyone b/c you never know when we might not be able to I luv you guys dutch
Honey , I paid those bills ,  we are closing up at noon today I will let you know from there what i am doing ok
I would still like to play golf this weekend b/c it is the friendship that is fun I might even take on Ernesto for the Brock dog challenge It is truly sick what happened ,  I was talking to a broker that was in the second world trade tower as it got hit and he was describing what was going on . Several people I know made it out of both buildings but many are not yet accounted for ,  so at this time all there is is hope . May everyone have a peaceful day Dutch
the atm on 8/22 was for my po the 300 on 9/4 200 for movers and 100 for us the 200 on 9/10 was for my insurance i did not like your call b/c i felt you were trying to accuse me of taking out money so I am sry i know you did not mean that
ok that is fine ,  I will give mark jerry's' balls ,  I just want a chance to kick your ass at golf buddy I am still waiting for Nov . 2 . ................then I can kick the ass of a golfing lawyer
jerry is practicing his law talk did not answer the question but gave a 500 word response
great work out ,  the market is nuts today i like the rug and we can buy it just do not want to pay the 2800 talk laters luv you
Scott , Do you know how long the CBOT will stop trading at Noon ?  My Thougthts and prayers are with you and your company . Dutch
we can do two groups of 3
i can see how the canjun contractor meetings go
who in eol is pulling the plug ? 
I love you and do not worry about the car as long as you are ok
thnx ,  talk to the furniture people and they will call back ,  they thought tonight between 5:30 and 7 that fits in with the rug right ? 
that is great news ,  can we send them all the visits ?  i should be able to be at the house at 5:30 luv you
so do we really splurge and go ocean view or save the money and get messages and shop ? 
volume 1 bid is 3.31 volume 2 bid is 3.325
the day is already bad , the NYMEX had a bomb threat and they evacuated
can you trying calling me
You can use the extra ticket that i bought for the UT vs UH game
no there are two tix together but not with ours ,  i need to check and make sure they were not in the temp seats that are now closed I was planning on just sitting together and see what happens
my offer is 3.005 based on a settle of 3.033 and a volume adjustment of -0.046
no but whe will be out numbered by ut fans
ricardo is using it for JoAnne
yes she did ,  we can put the two of them together so they can cheer for ut
hold on you got russell diamonds quote
The strip settled 3.255 volume 1 is -12 cents volume 2 is - 8 cents
ok here it is settle was 3.22 and the offer is + 0.20
where are you at now baby ? 
volume 1 settle is 3.198 curve adjust is -.135 and bid is -0.063 less all in bid of 3.01 volume 2 settle is 2.997 curve adjust is -.05 and offer is +0.033 all in offer of 2.98 volume 3 settle is 3.198 curve adjust is -.055 and bid is -0.043 less all in bid of 3.10 let me know if you have any questions ? 
settle was 3.195 volume 1 curve adjustment of -0.02 and bid is -0.08 total of -0.10 volume 2 curve adjustment of -0.015 and bid is -0.05 total of -0.065
can we move this to the 32 floor of the enron building ? 
yes in johns office
Just wanted to let you know that i was thinking about you love
good luck on getting it all done baby ,  just get the deals done and the money is secondary do not be so hard on yourself ,  just figure out home much it is to your pocket book to put it all in a reasonable perspective
i can attend
what trade ?  i never saw anything
ia m interested in henry but can not give up jj b/c of injuries and bye weeks for my other wr
i would do just the rb's
mason is on a bye week but i can give you him ,  or ike is on the injury list but expected to take 15 to 20 snaps this week
no change on the numbers i gave you the last time the settlement last night was about 0.025 cents to low for that term the settle was 3.196
thanks again for listening last night ,  I wish you the best today
plus . 015 for the curve adjustment
me too tough day
I owe money to woody and crawford so can you write them a check when you see them at softball to take care of the uh season tickets woody's check is $50 and kevin one for $100 dutch
thnx man you're the king
i have never spoke with the nymex in regards to this ,  it was a cqg or a telerate formula or function depending on the feed
the nymex number is 1-800-438-8616
i agree with this one ,  can we put this into production for nov . also can you create the pen swap and spread for nov
i love you ,  talk later
did you bring any cookies ? 
not burned
i feel for you huby to be then
it was Greg and the confirmation person at chase on a conference call that i talked to
no need for a correction i just want the future emails to have the correct info I will get with Laura
Laura ,  When you get a chance I would like to talk to you in regards to the hours that you report Dutch
not at all ,  i jsut want things done and reported as correct as possible
mighty testy on the complement ,  next time I just keep my stay silent but you do look nice today
all I said was you look nice ,  and you do I did not think that you are interviewing b/c you will not find better people to work with like me : ) 
arnold is off the desk can you swing a few cookies by : ) 
very good ,  thnx
ily baby
here it is plain and simple the problem is that the procedures that are in place are not followed follow the procedures and there is no problem
what is you fax number as direct as i can be ,  you should not be in the middle of this do not get me wrong ,  i know that you are trying to help it is just that there has been a break down in procedures and if you catch things it is generally to late
use plus 15 off of the curve from last night
when ever you have time ,  no hurry
if you see woddy do not give he a check ,  i paid him what i needed to just make a check out to crawford for the full amount pls at the game
i agree
it does not look like what i have seen before but the price tells me it is an original form some plantation
Sorry to hear that Richard ,  Will send prayers now and gifts later
richard and carrie cancelled the b-day party due to the baby being sick called about the lawn and left a msg ,  told him we would leave a check for $25 on the back patio i slept just fine ,  hope you feel better
that sounds good on the flowers ,  mo is having her going away thing after work ,  so i will be home later after that ok
you can go and i can meet later around 8 ish ? ??? ? what do you think ? 
i shared with you the fact that people on this floor see me as a likeable person and that the give me a hard time when it cames to some woman on the floor ,  the fact that they will stop by and chat Mo is a friend of mine that nothing has nor will ever go any farther than that ,  just a friendship I did tell you about this and i am sry that you did not remember ,  you only compound this by cancelling dinner with RK and Heather & i do not know how these things get so turned around between us
and by the way you have gone out with your work group or people from ees and have not invited me or did not tell me about it until you were leaving to go join them i am not mad about that ,  but i am upset with you attitude right now
so are we tailgating or what ? ? ?
thats fine ,  at 3 pm is fine
that will work
back at ya...... .
on these assignments how much can be taken from the NYMEX web site ?  I was finishing the write up and came across there web presentation that is much more detailed . Can we copy it over to be used ? 
can we move our meeting up to 2:30 i have another meeting at 3:45 that i have to attend ? 
use plus 10 for the 3 year
yes
Here is the EOL information Dutch
we do not have that data
the price on the eol data that you have is the bid or the offer depending on if the trade is a buy or a sell we buy is our bid and when we sell it is our offer
term is Jan 02 to Sep 09 total volume is 358.6 contracts the volume adjust is -0.045 cets the all in bid as of 10:05 am is $3.60 call before closing this deal dutch
good to see you made it back to the states where are the dreads ? ? ?
I just wanted you to know that i am thinking about you and hope that you are having a ok day
at 3.525
Question 1: When we talk about "the market" reacting to events , what are the prices that we are talking about ? From a simulation standpoint , I am trying to figure out what prices we need to show as being affected by these many events . Is it the forward curve ? Is it the spot market price ? Is the bid/offer prices for the various instruments ? And , if we are having users trade basis , we will need different prices for different locations , right ? [Quigley , Dutch] for each event we need to build a change matrix that will change the previous price curve to a new one depending on each event it could change all parts of the sport and forward curve Question 2: Given that the calculation of VaR is rather involved , we decided that it would not be worth our effort to have that calculation in the model . However , we understand that the user needs to 1 ) know their VaR and 2 ) know that they need to make sure they stay within their VaR limit . So , we will need to set a VaR limit for the user and "fake" the individual VaR to reflect their risk exposure . I had a talk with Erro McLaughlin about this . He made a good point that if our user are not expected to understand the complexity of how a VaR is calculated , will they know how to control their VaR , i.e . if a user sees that he is over his VaR limit , what should he do to get it back within the limit . Is is as simple as not being too long or too short ? And if that is the case , would it be sufficient to use position reports/tallies as a proxy for risk exposure , instead of VaR ? One possible way to fake VaR may be to adjust the VaR number to reflect how exposed the user is . So if they are X dollars long , they have a VaR of Y . If they change their position so that they are now 1.5X long , they have a VaR of 1.5Y . Perhaps we can also throw in a factor that takes into account market volatility . What are your thoughts ? [Quigley , Dutch] Instead of a VaR number we could set position limits that they must stay within at all times i.e . over all position can not be outside a set range ,  NYMEX Risk can not exceed +/- 500 contracts Basis & Index Risk can not exceed +/- 1000 contracts so for and so on Therefore not having to calculate VaR and expect the user to understand what to do to stay with in limits Lastly , when could you meet with me next week ? I would really like to meet on Tuesday , if possible . [Quigley , Dutch] can you check with your team ,  I am to meet with them on Monday and Tues . so see if you can squeeze into one of the times or we can make a new one Dutch
I set for the couch to be delivered tomorrow between 5:30 at 6:30
Ina , My badge would not scan in the sky ring and also takes many swipes get in to the main floor and also to open the doors on 32 . Can you find out if I can get a new on with out going down there myself ? 
thats fine
yes i had planned to meet them ,  good luck on your call
the curve adjustment is 0.095 the mid to offer spread is 0.035
I LOVE YOU
dutch_quigley is my yahoo user name
thnx for taking care of the badge
I would like to talk to you this after noon after 1:30 about another chart let me know when
yes i love you baby
it is heading south alright ,  all of the options are out of the money so it really does not matter ok on the rest ,  we need to talk about the living arrangement and see what we think as too do we want to buy or jsut rent ,  can we talk tonight ?  ?
I LOVE YOU
the curve adjustment is 0.13 the mid to offer spread is 0.035
OK ,  so bid week is over and i go and try and start cutting and pasting the info in and when i try and log in there is not log in button where i type in my login and password ,  what do i need to do dutch
Coral Jeff Whitnah 713-767-5374
running the reports now
Sarah ,  What I was remembering was the front months exposures we had at EDF MAN . Prior to moves After the over all position before the move was 1,240 and as of yesterday it is 4,205 . Let me know what the concerns are at EDF MAN and the request that they are making . We can shift some positions around if the have levels by months that they want us to stay under . Dutch
Sarah , That's is fine ,  I have talk to martin since I have been at ENE for the past 2 1/2 years , so we will get together as needed to handle these concerns . Dutch
Duke Chris Springer 713-989-0967
call me on this
i need a unlisted phone number pls Dutch Quigley
Monica , We need to reschedule our meeting to some time next week . Dutch
I just want you to know that i am sorry for everything that i have done Kay I love you and i want to be your husband forever Dutch PS I have changed my work number ,  having my cell phone changed ,  not talked to her when she called and will work on the last thing
Sarah anymore fall out with fimat ?  ? talking to edf now
My new cell phone # is 713-301-2530 LOVE
I have changed my phone numbers to the following Dutch
Gerri , I assume this is for all commodities at EDF Man , would Frank have the break down in about 1 hour ?  Dutch
Gerri ,  Frank gave me the info that per the EDF statement NG margin is 17,062,684 with them From what you see is this number possible ?  Dutch
Just wanted to let you know that i am thinking of you
thnx Gerri
I LOVE YOU BABY
Monica , Due to several projects that have arisen I have been out of pocket the past week and a half . My schedule would allow for us to meet later in week next week , lets go for Thursday Nov 8th . Dutch My New Phone number 713-853-9216
that is great baby keep up the great work
Kaye , Please send this to John Emert also David , This is the section to take care of the non margining that we discussed Dutch Additional Provision: Party A and Party B agree that from November__ , 2001 Through __ , 2001 this Transaction shall not constitute a Transaction for purposes Of the calculation of "Exposure Amount " and " Not Exposure " As such terms are defined in Annex A to the ISDA Master Agreement dated as of February 28 , 1992 between Party A and Party B .
thnx for the update Gerri
Sarah , Trading on EOL for the most part is normal . Dutch
I LOVE YOU HONEY
Gerri ,  Did he say why he could not confirm the money transfer ?  Dutch
Gerri , Do you know who pays the brokers commissions each month ?  I am trying to gather the per transaction costs they we pay on the exchange . Dutch
Gerri ,  We ,  the financial natural gas desk ,  were under the impression that dealings with EDF Man are suppose to be conducted as normal . I am calling EDF to find out why are money ahs not been wired as normal . Dutch
will do Gerri
Gerri , They David Early told me that you have already been contacted that the money would come over ?  They told me that it would . Dutch
I have been woundering also , thnx for letting me know that this was going on this morning
Sarah , Yes they tried to keep our money but I made a few phone calls and they are sending us our money as they should be .
Mojo , that is sweet ,  pardon the pun those cakes look great ,  what is in the casino cake ?  it looks pretty cool How are things going for you ?  Have you settled into a groove yet ?  This past weekend was great for me . I spent the entire weekend with Kay ,  we had dinner with my parents on sat . Night and just hung out the entire weekend . I have had a very different out look on life lately and it has been working well for me . I have started to ask alot more questions instead of always assuming the answer . It has been working well for me . Hope all is good with you .
So on the EDF Man acct if we executed and cleared throught them the total cost paid to EDF is what ?  with the Floor rate 1.25 & clearing 0.90
do you also have the NYMEX fees ? 
NYMEX fees are the same regardless of the Broker correct
Franky , lets meet next week when we get into the new building
Good Morning Baby Hope that you have a great day ,  i am thinking of you
Can I order the Block of butter pls........ . that is great mo Hope you are enjoying as well as learning
what is on sunday ? 
Gerri ,  I just got your msg ,  in the future pls call me at 713-853-9216 ,  i have recently changed my phone number . I am not sure if you have the extension for me . We have talked to Man but I do not know at this time the status of the money . Will let you know when I hear anything . Dutch
oh ,  we might go to the UT game one Sat . so I am not sure if i could play or not on Sunday
just to give you shit about your boys losing in OT anything new with vegas ?  ?
yes still meeting on thursday
will do Paul ,  i have passed the info on at this time
Geoff ,  Here are the positions that jaron are willing to swap out of at this time . Let me know if you want me to talk to him about an out of the money deal . Dutch
luv ya too honey
yeah we read that when it came out of all the stuff they could write about they pull that out
sure that would be great
I am in
Anne Can we discuss this tomorrow when I meet from 2:30 to 4:30
dinner for 4 monday night at 8 pm would you rather of gone jsut the 2 of us ? ??? ?
yes please on the directions
ok done
ENE Sells to Bank of America out of the money swap Apr 2 Dec 2 ENE Buys out of the money from Duke Apr 2 Dec 2 Duke buys out of money from B of A Apr 2 Dec 2 Volumes and Price to be set in order to create about $30-$50 million depending on ENE exposure to Duke
well i will chime in on the "who the hell lives out there comment"
Dear Ernesto ,  Welcome to the pleasure of planning an event for your asshole friends . This has been a long standing tradition that the person that gets sucked or suckered into planning an outing for the group gets bitched at non stop until the event happens . The next step is "the event" that will be the turning point of this bitching . There are two outcomes , 1 . Everyone has a good time and you will bitch back and it will be lessened to good friendly humor 2 . Everyone is pissed b/c they drove 100 miles ,  they play bad and blame you for picking a bad place to play , they kill you and bury you in a sand trap on the number 12 hole ,  finish the round and never mention your name again . All I have to say Ernie is good luck on everyone play GOLF well this Sunday . Live the next few days to the fullest ,  they might be your last . Long live Ernesto Dutch
Monica ,  I can not meet this afternoon ,  email me any materials to look over and questions that you have . Dutch
I canceled this meeting ,  I will look at the info and get back to you
agreed
can he swing through downtown houston on his way to kingwood from tomball
Hey Ernie , Tee Times and directions pls ,  I am in for hooter after we play golf
Click here: AOL Local Guide: Houston - What's Going On - Kingwood Cove Golf Course - Map Here is a link to Mapquest showing Kingwood Cove . It sounds pretty easy . 59N ( north of 1960 ) to Hamblen Rd . Turn East til you get to 805 Hamblen Rd . Tee times are at 8:06 and 8:12 Kevin if you wish I can give you a wake up call .
I LOVE YOU BABY
Hi David ,  At this time I do not know of a rotation on the NYMEX desk . Both Justin and myself are both Associates currently on the desk that will not be rotating for some time now . Dutch
Good morning , I LOVE YOU KAY
he sent the whole group one last week and one to me over the weekend
did he bark much when i left
thats good ,  he is getting better this plane crash is crazy in new york give me a call when you get a chance just to say hi
so does this mean we to take a photo with us and rex for x-mas cards.. .
I will call today to change the reservation to 6 people
Hey Mo ,  When you get a minute I would like to chat about your doggie We got a boxer pup this weekend and I wanted to ask you a few things about you pit bull
hey honey if you are making appointments can you get me a massage on sat morning around 8 - 9 if possible if not at that time i just want go in and use the spa and get ready down there Love you baby
I believe the dog is in the back of the KMB express truck along with all the flees I picked up from Pierre's circus dutch
its a truck and the eggs are not the same as the puppies ,  toddles
Hey Kevin , What is the name of the boarding place you use ? 
that is true ,  luv ya babe
that is great ,  that is what we were thinking right
when are we leaving friday ?  i think we should check the flights to make sure they are still runnning it the fao thing tonight or tomorrow ? 
love you honey
thats great ,  b/c that means the rex did not bark that much : ) have a great day
Here are the positions that you requested from John .
I am sorry for not calling you last night I LOVE YOU KAY
i am out until next weds . will get back to you then
John , I called Ben and left a msg to call you in reagrds to the below email . Dutch
my new location is 06357
Monica , I read through all the info and lets meet next Tuesday and take care of all the concerns that you have out lined I can also draw out all of the option payout graphs for you at this time . Lets set for a 2:30 meeting .  Dutch
Ina , Can you set up a room for me to meet with the Accenture Team on Tues . at 2:30 .
i am in the new building so let me get a new room . ...will get back with you
will relpy later , glad to hear about the good drive .
Thanks for the call , I was on vacation . Lets set up a time to talk ,  later in the day is best for me . Let me know when is a good time for you . Dutch
Kirk , As I am just catching up , I am not the one for storage and transportation issues as i do not trade them on a regular basis . I was under the impression i was working on the options and futures . Yes there has not been any meeting with me for the past two weeks . As for the conversion and arbitrage problems let me know ,  I am not sure what these are but am will to help . Dutch
i can go over this with monica
i can draw out the graphs and know out many of the red items on this one tomorrow also when i meet with monica
Kirk , I know I have been slow on this project and will work on getting all needed info to the accenture group so that this project can be done . I am meeting with Monica and Laura this week and will get all needed info turned in to them ASAP . Dutch
Monica , Can we meet for more than 1 hour tomorrow ?  I sent an email to Laura to change meeting with her until Wednesday . Dutch
lets start at 3pm today , I need to get a few things done first with the exchange first I changed the meeting with Laura so that we can work as long as we need to
this works
luv you too
agreed these are just swaps that settle last day dutch
the size of the trade and the curve adjustment are a wash just let me know when you want to close and i can get you a number dutch
This file does not contain Options or the future crosses that were done today .
Agreed that enron is buying from Duke see file for volumes and terms
Henry H Quigley 2009 Gillette
Hey Bro , My wife worked here also and has been let go . I work for the Natural Gas Trading group that they are trying to sell . Should know by the end of the week about my job . I was just talking to Kevin Crawford about you 2 weeks ago when we were in Vegas . Good to know that you are still out there . How are you doing these days ?  Dutch
Great Idea Howard . Can you add dutch_quigley@yahoo.com as my email address . Look forward to the happy hour . Dutch
To All , I am the one that was on the phone with the original call on the deal last Friday night and in contact with them up until this past Sunday . Let me know what I can do to help on this deal . Dutch Quigley
That's fine with me ,  i was just trying to clean up any lose ends
Ricardo , Thanks for the thought the other day . Kay has been laid off as of this week . I am still working until a deal can be done to sell off the trading arm of the company . Will know in the next week or two . Dutch
Thanks for the note . I am still working . Should know more with in a week . Who would have thought that this would ever happen . Life outside of work is going great . I feel blessed about that to help me through these tough times . How are you doing , work and personally ?  Dutch
It has been a pleasure getting to know you . Let me know if you need anything . Dutch Cell 713-301-2530
Hey Lee , My work Number has changed to 713-853-9216 . I was going through my voice mail on my old ext . I heard a msg from Friday . Just wanted to give you a heads up . I had a great time coming over last Friday ,  we will have to have you and Beca come over soon . Dutch
John , I sent broker quotes for 12/18 to Jay Williams today from Spectron ,  PMG and Man . Emial system was down yesterday and was unable to send them yesterday . I will be in later today . Dutch
I talked to Kathleen last night and she said you talk to her already I will assume that you found her number Hope that you are having a happy New Year Dutch
Errol , Go ahead and flip the swap it should be a buy . Thanks
I came up with a - 0.06 cent adjustment live quote of 2.885 all in price
settle came out at 2.878
no that is the settle ,  the market is not trading there but just so you know what the settle is for tonight
you are done
Hey Tori , First of all Congrats on the new job . Thanks for telling Susan and thinking about me . So tell me a little about what the opportunity is all about . If there another person that I should talk to just email me the Name and number and I can talk to them . Dutch
Thanks So much for the info ,  Have a great weekend and good luck with you new job . Dutch
CONGARTS BABY
Here is a goody for you
I have the mid on deal as 2.915 Curve adjust -0.065 my offer is 2.87 let me know if you need anything else
no prob
This is pretty funny
Super Bowl XXXVI is Here So lets all get together and cheer New England and St Louis are in the Big game along with the return of the Bud Frogs , so it will not be lame 4 pm is the time to arrive all need to come to keep things alive The squares will all be lined in their Row so call ahead if you will be slow Dutch
just bring some money for squares and see you there are you coming by yourself or will there be 2 ? 
your sexual preference is all yours baby thnx for the head count though see you there
thnx ,  see you then
if you want to bring the veggie tray that would be great otherwise just you and the family see you there
Joe , I am predicting 1 dollar per square and the pico is always welcome ,  along with you too see you there
no prob
AEP Energy AIG Energy Alberta Energy Allegheny Energy Supply Aquila Risk Bank of America Bank of Montreal Bank One Bank Paribas BP Corporation Calpine Energy Cargill Inc . Chase Manhatten CIBC Financial Cinergy Marketing ConAgra Energy Conoco Constellation Coral Energy Duke Energy Merchants Duke Energy Trading Dynegy Canada Dynegy Marketing El Paso Energy Engage Canada Engage Canada Florida Power Hess Energy J Aron & Company Kinder Morgan Louis Dreyfus Co . Louis Dreyfus Energy Marathon Gas Merrill Lynch Morgan Stanley Occidental Energy Reliant Energy Sempra Energy Texaco TXU Energy Virginia Power Western Gas Williams Energy
Attached is a spreadsheet summarizing hourly TTC and ATC data for COB S/N from Jan 1 , 2000 to April 2001 . The data were obtained from the ISO . After looking at the data , it is clear that , although the TTC values have not changed from '00 to '01 , the ATC values have decreased dramatically . I believe the reason for this is the ISO's attempt to prevent exports to the Northwest . I propose that we send this spreadsheet to our ISO rep ( via Sue Mara ) and ask him to explain the reason for the reduction . Thanks
This gets even better . On Tuesday , April 3 , I had our California prescheduler ask the ISO Day Ahead personnel why the COB S/N ATC had been decreased so much . There reply was that the ATC is calculated by taking the TTC less Existing Transmission Contracts less FTRs less Capacity Benefit Margin . Normally , and up until January 1 of this year , they haven't used a Capacity Benefit Margin when calculating ATC leaving the state . So the amount of ATC they had at COB S/N is normally in the 700 to 800 MW range , rather than the 35 to 60 MW of ATC they are using now . We asked what this Capacity Benefit Margin was , and they said it's not in their tariff , it's in the NERC Operating Manual . I went to the NERC web site , and sure enough , Capacity Benefit Margin is a defined term . It reads : "Capacity Benefit Margin is the amount of TTC reserved by load serving entities to ensure access to generation from interconnected systems to meet generation reliability requirements" . The ISO's use of this language is outrageous . This is language to ensure that load has transmission access to remote generation . I can see them using this argument with respect to COB N/S but no way COB S/N! ! In fact , one could very easily argue that they are VIOLATING this criteria . If we have load in the Northwest , and have purchased generation in California , we should have access to available transmission .
They auctioned off 56 , up from 37 , so that's not it .
Thanks , there fruity-pants .
Alan , Attached is the memo I promised . It's sort of rough , but accurate . Please feel free to utilize any or all of it . It would be interesting to get Steve Walton's feedback as well . Also , this doesn't really address my concerns with respect to curtailing firm exports under muni-transmission ( at least not completely) . If you have any questions , let me know .
Installed Windows 2000 at home and work; quite nice . No compatability problems . Good job .
Your numbers are close enough to mine to agree . I put in an annuity to Modesto for $158,321.16 dated March 31 . The Enron deal number is 573111 ( just in case there is any confusion) . If there are any problems , give me a call . Thanks , Sean
Attached are my final comments . They deal more with the proposal to curtail exports ( including muni) . I don't really care if we file this with the material we have already put together , or do something with it separately . With respect to the ATC and TTC questions we were addressing earlier , I haven't added anything to what Steve put together . The CAISO's argument about restricting ATC because of Path 15 congestion , because , as Steve points out , any technical problems would affect both TTC AND ATC . If anyone has any questions , let me know
Seems like one or each desk could participate . The problem would be the unrecorded line .
cell phone is a good idea .
How many "mothballed" power plants are there ?
Kevin , Here are the examples we talked about Assumptions: 2 . We put out a COB/MC market $4 at $7 . Here's what will happen in the broker market: ( A ) If someone hits my bid of $4 in the broker market I will BUY COB at something like $35 , and I will SELL Mid-C at $31 . ( B ) If someone lifts my offer of $7 in the broker market I will SELL COB at something like $35 , and I will BUY Mid-C at $28 . If you take the same assumptions and show this market on EOL , here's my understanding of what will happen: ( C ) If someone hits my bid of $4 on EOL , I will SELL COB at $35 , and I will BUY MC at $39 ( compare this with ( A) ) ( D ) If someone lifts my offer of $7 on EOL , I will BUY COB at $35 , and I will SELL MC at $42 ( compare this with ( B)) . Clearly this doesn't work . One possible solution , I think , is to examine what happens if you put out a COB/MC product on EOL , but switch the products such that Product 1 = MC and Product 2 = COB , and assume we put the underlying Product 1 market out as MC $30 @ $40 . ( E ) If someone hits my bid of $4 on EOL , I will SELL MC at $35 , and I will BUY COB at $39 ( achieves same result as ( A) , which is what we want) . ( F ) If someone lifts my offer of $7 on EOL , I will BUY MC at $35 , and I will SELL COB at $42 ( achieves the same result as ( B) , which is what we want) . I realize ( E ) and ( F ) don't jive with our long contract description , but conceptually it works . If you have any questions , let me know .
Bruce , I haven't had an opportunity to call you directly yet , so I thought I would e-mail you first and sort of lay out the circumstances . I've been a short-term trader with Enron for about 4 years -- I run our short-term Northwest book . Prior to that , I cash traded for Portland General for a couple of years . My contract with Enron is up July 31 , and I have a 3-month non-compete obligation . Theoretically , the earliest I could leave Enron would be May 31 , so the earliest I could start with another shop would be Sept 1 . To be honest , at this point I'm shopping . I'm talking to a couple of other outfits and I basically want to see what sort of interest there is out there . I talked with Matt , and he mentioned you , so I thought it might be a good idea to get in touch . If you are interested in pursuing anything further , please e-mail me and we'll arrange a time we can talk over the phone . Thanks , Sean
We've been experimenting with spreads on EOL and I want to lay out to you what happens when you transact a spread on EOL . Assume you want to put out the COB/MC spread -4 at 4 . Also assume COB is 275 at 300 . As you know , if you put this out in the broker market , you would expect to buy COB $4 under Mid-C or sell COB $4 over . If you want to duplicate these trades on EOL you could put out COB/MC -4 at 4 , but here is what's going to happen ( assume COB mid is 287.5) . If somebody 'hits' your 'bid' you will sell COB at 287.5 and buy Mid-C at 283.5 . If somebody 'lifts' your 'offer' you will buy COB at 287.5 and sell MC at 291.5 . Effectively the EOL transaction turns your bid into an offer and an offer into a bid , or the title is COB/MC but the transaction is MC/COB . The problem it seems to me is that , fundamentally , bid is always first , offer is second . For this to work as is , the market would have to accept that , in all cases bid/offer applies except with EOL spreads where it's offer/bid . This seems too confusing to me . I'm not sure how you guys feel about it , but I want to give you a heads up .
Steve , I've been talking with James over the last couple of weeks about possible opportunities at Duke . Just to give you a quick look at my background , I've been running Enron's short-term Northwest desk for about 4 years . Prior to that , I performed more or less the same function with PGE for a couple of years . My contract with Enron is up July 31 . I'm under a 3-month noncompete obligation after I leave Enron . Theoretically , my last day with Enron could be May 31 , so the first day I'd be able to start somewhere else would be Sept 1 . To be honest , at this point I'm shopping . My goal is to have 3-4 options to consider by May 31 . I'll be in Salt Lake on May 4 , so if you are interested in getting together to talk about any opportunities Duke might have , please let me know . Thanks , Sean
Today is a good time . E-mail me with a number I can reach you at , a time , and I'll give you a call from my cell phone . Thanks
Sounds good . I'll give you a call .
Kevin This looks like it will work . Since there has been some confusion around this , I'll lay out what I think will happen with this language . Assumption #1: COB is not displayed on EOL . Product 1 is COB; Product 2 is MC Situation #1 Customer lifts the COB/MC spread at $10 . Enron will then BUY the MC at $325 and SELL COB at $335 . Situation #2 Customer hits the COB/MC spread at $5 . Enron will then SELL the MC at $325 and BUY COB at $329 . This is how it should work . I suggest we test things out now , and see how it works . Thanks , Sean
Why
If I can build a product , I'm ready any time . We can test it internally before we go live . Let me know if I can build the product . Thanks
Thanks for your response . I was wondering if you guys have public information about the spill program coming up .
Kevin , Is the SP and NP language in the spread language the same language we use when we transact SP15 or NP15 on eol ?
Hey Bruce , Thanks for the chance to meet you and the people you work with . I was just wondering where we are at now . If you get a chance , either e-mail me or give me a call . Thanks again , Sean
Down to brass tacks , eh ? This is always the interesting part . Quite frankly Bruce , it's a pretty good job market . Basically I'm looking at two other prospects . The first will require me to sign a 2-year contract , the second will not . The base component with the first is going to be around $275/year . The second is going to be around $250/year . As far as incentive bonus goes , I'm looking at about a minimum of $450 for the first to about a max of $750 . At the second I'm looking at a min of about $350 to about a max of $900 . So over a one year period , we're looking at about $725 to $1.025M for prospect 1 , and $600 To $1.15M for prospect 2 . In terms of location , both prospect 1 and 2 are in attractive locations for me . Prospect 1 is in a VERY attractive location . To be honest , I'm not a big buyer of Houston , so I have to factor that into the equation . Secondly , both prospects are big , well entrenched players , so I'm pretty confident of the above numbers . While I'm pretty excited about the prospects of being on the "ground floor" with Cinergy , I also have to recognize Cinergy doesn't have a P&L track record for me to assess the probability of the incentive payout . For that reason , I think , I would require a fairly large guaranteed number the first year , while still participating in Cinergy's incentive program . The second year I would be willing to renegotiate the guaranteed number if we had our feet underneath us and it looked like we had the room to prove ourselves and generate some serious money for the company . Given what you guys have in mind , I honestly think I can help you achieve your goals more quickly , and with less risk . I also think there is serious money to be made with the right team--I've seen it happen at Enron . No matter what happens , I appreciate you taking the time . Please also extend my thanks to everyone I had the opportunity to meet in Cincinnati .
Hey Bruce , The 600 and 725 are guaranteed , yes . I didn't mean to imply Cinergy wouldn't pay out; I meant more i'm basically comparing startup prospects with established company/operations prospects . Startup prospects are , I think , more risky . Also , I realize there are distinct advantages from living in Houston . My "reluctance" is more of a family/moving type of thing . It is an issue , but not a huge one . Thanks , Sean
Bruce , The 600K is salary , and nonperformance related bonus payouts . It is NOT guaranteed bonus over and above salary ( I wish it was) . Basically , I am 95% certain I will make a minimum of 600K/year with either company , worst case I'm looking at 500K/year ( excluding incentive) . Incentive would be in addition to . My offer would have to be in that ballpark . If I worked 1/3 the year , assuming a base salary in the 250 to 300 range , I would get 100 less . Also , I'm not trying to be vague . Essentially I'm working with 3 moving parts--non of which has become crystal clear yet . At this point , let's look at this: 2-year contract with an out after 1-year . $275 base salary . $225 signing bonus . $225 retention bonus after 1-year . If I take it , I'm done for another year . Participation in the 17% incentive package . Relocation package . That seems to be the ballpark we are in . Thanks , Sean
Steve , Thanks for the dinner and chance to meet everyone Friday . It actually was a pleasure to talk with Nancy ( rare , I think for an interview situation) . I'm sorry to say I'm still in a holding pattern . There are a couple of bits of information I still need to process , but I thought I would email you with some initial numbers . I'd also like to confirm my understanding of Duke's compensation program . Base Salary: $150K-$175K/year LTI: 100% of base salary paid out in options that vest 1/3 every year . Performance Incentive: 2X to 6X base salary . No contract . Full relocation package . This is what I recall from the interview . If I'm wrong , I'd appreciate clarification . Regardless of what happens , I appreciate your time and consideration . I should be able to come to a decision next week . Thanks , Sean
Looks good then , let's try it .
Hey Bruce , Hope you had a good vacation . I was just touching base to see where we're at . I leave for Europe on June 5 and I'll be gone until July 2 . My last day in the office here will be either Thursday or Friday of this week . Some other places you can contact me are: cell: 503-805-2557 home: 503-656-5253 Thanks , Sean
Hey Bruce , Thanks for the response . I think I would like to see Cinergy's bid . I sort of have to weigh many nonfinancial issues as well . It would be nice to know where we are at . If you could provide me a rough number , that would be helpful . Thanks , Sean
Thanks Bruce , I appreciate it .
hey
WEST POWER TRADING Accomplishments and Goals First-Half Accomplishments ST NW book made approximately $28 million . Effectively managed complex physical positions in the Northwest . Effectively managed ST NW personnel . Provided effective leadership to other traders and schedulers on the desk . Provided feedback to Fundamentals . Short Term Goals Continue to trade the ST NW Book . Meet new P&L objective . Work on my discipline . Learn more about gas . Learn more about options . Prepare for Q3 . Work with Tom and Mark to create more of a cohesive and integrated cash desk . Apply coordinated pressure at various points in the cash market . Work more with Fundamentals with respect to organizing and displaying information . Long Term Goals Play a lead role in Enron's involvement in the Northwest RTO , if the RTO turns out to be a substantive and functional organization .
Here are some questions/comments I have regarding the ruling . 1 . How does the cap apply to index prices . If the DJ-PV index settles at $120 and the cap is $98 , do parties selling index have to adjust there price to $98 ? 2 . Would financial products ( swaps ) be affected by the cap ? 3 . There has to be less ambiguity with respect to day ahead cash markets . For example , assume it's a Monday and the ISO is under normal conditions and the price is $92 . Then assume on HE 14 the ISO declares a stage one and the price clears at $100 and the price is $100 for the rest of the day . Tuesday assume the price is $85 during the first few offpeak hours , but the Wednesday forecast shows identical conditions as Monday . What is the day ahead cash cap trading Tuesday for Wednesday ? Is it $85 or $100 ? One could make the argument that it should be $100 because it is reasonable to assume they will be in a stage one real time on Wednesday , but at the time cash is traded they are not in a stage one . It seems to me the easiest way to solve this problem would be to have an independent market organization declare what the day ahead cash market price was before the cash market traded . So for the example , they may recognize it's likely a stage 1 $100 cap will be in effect on Wednesday , so they'll set the cap at $100 . The market will know before hand and there will be no ambiguity . More efficient market , less litigation . 4 . What about call options ? If a generator owns a call option at $125 , the cap is $100 , but the market is actually trading $150 , does the generator have the right to exercise the option ? What if the generator has a plant that he can fire up at $150 . Does the generator have to wait until the price hits $150 ? Seems like the strike price on an option would be an easily demonstrable expense . And would there be a difference between a marketer owning an option and a generator owning an option ?
Here are my comments 1 . I wouldn't agree the caps have hurt liquidity . In fact , in the Northwest at least , they have actually increased liquidity . Any decrease in liquidity can be attributed primarily to a couple of things ( 1 ) uncertainty about the level of the cap and ( 2 ) when the day-ahead prices trade above the cap ( removing marketers as sellers) . I would propose the following cap timelines . First of all , I think it's important that FERC realize the "spot" market really is two separate markets , what we call the "day-ahead" cash markets , and "day-of" real-time markets . The 24-hour designation doesn't dovetail with the current market timelines and is a source of confusion that can adversely affect liquidity and dispatch of power plants . For example , day-ahead cash typically trades from 6:00 am to approximately 7:00 am for next day deliveries . However , on Thursdays the WSCC OTC market trades for Friday and Saturday deliveries , and on Fridays , we trade for Sunday and Monday ( all of this can be adjusted for various reasons , but this is the typical schedule) . If we held to the 24-hour spot cap literally , then Tuesday thru Friday the cap would apply to the day-ahead market , but would not apply to Saturday and Monday . This obviously cannot be an intended consequence . I recommend the cap timeline be consistent with the day-ahead WSCC OTC trading timelines . In addition , there is some question with respect to what cap applies to the day-ahead market . What if the forecast calls for much higher temperatures and it is assured that real-time markets will be trading above the 85% threshold ? Assume that stage I , II or even III is a certainty . It seems prudent that a higher day-ahead price cap be established ( still consistent with FERC's guidelines) . Why ? Because you would want units prescheduled to have high reserve margins going into real-time , rather than scrambling to dispatch units real-time . It seems like it would be prudent for some independent board to set the day-ahead price cap equal to either the 85% or Stage I limit prior to trading time . This board would have to have regional representatives in order to be truly effective . Establishing the cap does not have to be cumbersome or time consuming , in fact , it should be fairly easy . The cap governing real-time transactions is clear . However , what isn't clear is what happens when the new Stage I cap is actually lower than the existing 85% of stage I cap . For example , during the first couple of days in July the real-time cap was operating under the 85% of Stage 1 criteria , approximately $92 . The ISO hit a Stage I and Stage II and the price actually fell to the $70s . This created uncertainty exactly when it shouldn't happen . As a result supply was apparently affected in California and the Southwest for a few hours across the peak . It seems odd that prices should fall real-time as reserve margins decrease . One could argue this is a good reason why caps should be tied to daily gas prices , but assuming that isn't an option , I propose something like this: The DAY BEFORE ( around 2200 ) the CAISO , or preferably an independent body , would determine the real-time non-Stage cap as well as a Stage minimum . While in a stage I , II , or III the hourly price would be the HIGHER of the non-stage price cap OR the recalculated Stage price . If the Stage I price turned out lower , then the non-stage price would be used for that hour , but the recalculated Stage I cap ( and corresponding 85% price ) would apply for the NEXT operating day , and for day-ahead cash trading for the next trade day . This provides information before the trading period ( enhancing liquidity ) and eliminates strange price movements during real-time . It also fits the FERC price cap paradigm . 2 . Marketer prices . I think there is a clear bias against marketers in the order . But given the fact it seems deliberately slanted against marketers , there are clearly three areas where marketers should be allowed to recover costs that are easily demonstrable . First would be losses at a tie into California . If we sell at the cap and incurr losses , then we can't sell at the cap . Second would be the 10% credit premium . Credit issues apply whether you're a marketer or generator . Third would be call options . It seems if the market trades above the cap and above the strike in a call option , that a party should be able to exercise and sell . I'm not sure what the difference between a peaking plant and a call option is .
Wow ! A long time . I was out June 5 and came back on July 2 . I thought it was 3 weeks , but it was more .
For you Stewart , anything .
I think I fixed them . Sorry about that . Let me know if there are any other problems .
I'll be putting it in today .
Virginia , No problem , sorry for the delay . The deal number is 693176 . Thanks , Sean
you make it all seem so easy , amy . thanks .
hey it changes from day to day . the number that will get you the closest is 503-464-3917 . so i got back from europe a couple of weeks ago . went to italy ( tuscany) , switzerland , france ( paris) , and amsterdam . quite cool . i think now though i'm ready for a beach vacation ( hawaii or mexico) . i'm going to go this fall . hope everything is going well with you . take care Sean
Hey , What about deal 704370 amiga ?
Thanks , Amy!! !
Just a clarification . The new leg 3 is just for onpeak ( correct?) , and the premium is $2 total , not in addition to premium of first deal . Is this correct ?
Thank you very much . I appreciate the quick response .
Privileged and Confidential Prepared at the Request of Counsel Gary , Attached are daily real-time transactions for the period involved . Deal numbers are included . Pay close attention to the delivery points to ensure you have them all , in particular , NOB N/S and NOB S/N . Thanks , Sean
Privileged and Confidential Prepared at the Request of Counsel Draft
Privileged and Confidential Prepared at the Request of Counsel Draft
Privileged and Confidential Prepared at the Request of Counsel Draft
We are 50 MW short at the Mid-Columbia during the offpeak hours for Monday ( HE 01 thru HE 06 , HE 23-24) . We are short to Portland General . When you buy , put 25 MW in the Short-Term Northwest Book , and put the other 25 in the West Hourly BOM book . Sean
back
I heard about this . Griswold was a weener .
On August 16 , 2001 , Enron counsel in DC requested that the Enron Northwest cash desk pull together a tremendous amount of data for part of the 2001 operating year . The data request was unusual in the type of information it asked for , and for the most part , Enron's internal systems did not track the information in the format requested . Since the pending lawsuit involves a large amount of money , it was imperative that ( 1 ) the data be pulled together , even though our internal systems did not track this type of information in a format that was readily accessible; ( 2 ) the data be as accurate as possible , and; ( 3 ) it be done in a very short period of time . The amount of data we were asked to review and pull together was massive . Utilizing Cara's comprehensive , and fairly unique understanding of our scheduling and accounting systems , we were able to accomplish this task . There were many instances where we hit a "brick wall" . Specifically , it was difficult to match information from our scheduling dataset with our accounting dataset , although it was imperative we do so . Cara was instrumental in bridging this gap . As a result of her efforts , we were able to hand a quality set of data to our consultants in DC , and subsequently for our FERC filing . I recommend that Cara receive a Personal Best Award for the amount of $2,000 . Sean Crandall ( Amy . Is this good enough? )
Fran , I'm pretty sure I've already been hit for some of these . If you could provide me a P&L copy from June 1 thru today ( either electronic or paper ) I'd appreciate it .
I have sent a justification for the PBA ( $2K ) to Amy ( per her request) . She has sent it along to Houston .
I've had an idea for a new EOL product that I would like to start our EOL legal and contracts people thinking about . It's kind of a weird product , but I think it would trade quite a bit once people figured out what it was . It's called the Day Ahead/Real-Time Park/Lend product . Essentially it's a financial trade on a day ahead basis that is settled real time . For example , let's say Morgan Stanley agrees to sell us 25 MW onpeak for $25 , but that it is not prescheduled--it is to be settled real time . If we fast forward to real-time , Morgan Stanley has two options . They can buy from us on EOL , whereby this transaction books out , or they can deliver us physical power , whereby we have to sell the power to a third party real time . The nice thing about this product is it provides any party the ability to take a position to real time , even if they are not a control area . In addition , it would provide utilities and generators the ability to hedge a day-ahead position . Kevin , I'm not sure if it's you I need to talk to about this , but I would appreciate some direction if it's somebody else . Once we identify who we need to look at this , I'd like to set up a conference call to discuss contract language and EOL mechanics . Thanks .
I'm not sure if my first response got through . The person to talk to about this , this long of a term , is Mike Swerzbin . If you have question concerning the short-term , let me know . Thanks .
My name is Sean Crandall; I work with Jeff Richter . I'll send you a check . I'd like to pick the Bears as the losing team this week .
Kevin , Could you e-mail me the contract language we currently have for the Mid-C physical product so I can work with it ? ( I don't have an electronic copy) . Thanks
Kevin , One more thing . We'd like to get some more spreads going . Specifically the PV/MC , the NP/SP , and the PV/SP . I realize the PV/SP might be a problem from a legal standpoint because of contract language , but I would like to get the others going . Can you give me a call some time today ? Thanks .
I pick Washington . I've mailed you my check today .
My pick is New England .
Please keep me up to date . Thanks .
Kevin , My apologies for not getting back sooner , but I sort of wanted to see how the Enron real-time products did before proceeding with this . It seems like real-time is a success , so let's get going with this . I call this product DART ( Day-Ahead/Real-Time) . It's basically a physical product that is transacted on a day-ahead cash basis , but is delivered on real-time . For example , on the day-ahead , lets say I post a "US Pwr Phy Firm Mid-C Peak Oct04 to Oct05 DART" $27 at $28 . If I get hit , then the party selling to me is obligated to deliver on Oct 5th , real-time 25 MW each hour . I would be long real-time at $27 . If a party lifts my $28 , then I would be obligated to deliver to them on Oct 5 , real-time , 25 MW each hour . I would be short at $28 . The mechanics of this deal are much like a regular day-ahead cash transaction . The primary difference is we would have to flag these deals somehow such that they would not get mixed with our regular day-ahead transactions that needed to be prescheduled . As far as the product language goes , I think if you add the following language to what you provided below , we should be OK ( obviously subject to legal review) . "This product is intended to be transacted on a Day-Ahead basis , for delivery on a Real-Time basis . Day Ahead means the trading day prior to the day of delivery , consistent with WSCC scheduling and trading practices . Real-time means the actual Delivery Day . Real-time deliveries shall be consistent with generally accepted WSCC scheduling timelines and practices." Take a look , give me a call . Thanks .
Alan , You were saying we had some instructional material concerning PJM . Could you provide me with a copy . Thanks .
You are right . There are no delivery/scheduling obligations on the day ahead DART product ( unlike the regular day-ahead) . Yes . A DART onpeak would mean delivery on all onpeak hours for the corresponding day , and a DART offpeak would mean delivery on all offpeak hours for the corresponding day .
The 24-26 is OK with me .
I would like to go Monday through Wednesday . Thanks .
Are you still around ?
Hey! ! What's up . Do you have AOL Chat or something ?
In case you don't , hey what's going on ? I haven't talked with you in a long time , so I was wondering what's up with you ? How's DC ? How's PGE ? I'm doing OK . I went to Europe in June ( whole month) . Very nice . Italy , Switzerland , France , and Netherlands . Hard to come back . Then I almost went to Duke , but then came to agreement with Enron . That was interesting . Anyway , just wanted to touch base . Let me know what's going on . Sean
Hey Kevin , Just wondering what the status of the DART product is .
Dow Jones is interested as well . I really think a hourly index would be very useful; price discovery , financial positions , etc .
No
good job .
Hey , You sound kind of bummed out there , amiga . Understandable though . Tough and very weird times that's for sure . Very sad . The funerals must have been brutal . I know I'm depressed by it because I get these waves of sadness that hit me out of the blue periodically . Hopefully things will improve . Our stock has just been munched . It sucks because we're doing well , but the other "half" of the company appeared to be mostly smoke and mirrors . Everyone was wondering why Skilling left; I guess we know why now . Enough of the gloom and doom . Sounds like you are getting opportunities--that's good . I knew that you would . Here's some pros/cons for your options ( recalling my vast experience;) ) Structuring: Interesting but not alot of dough . Probably the most easily replaced by those fresh MBAs . Trading: Like being handcuffed to a schizophrenic on speed . Can turn you into a frothing mass of neurosis at times . Good dough if you make it though . Marketing: Low immediate , constant stress , but still competitive . You have a great deal of charm and brains , so I think you would do quite well in this area . In addition , there are a number of firms ( Calpine , AEP , Coral ) who are opening up an office in Portland pretty much geared towards mid-marketing . Might be opportunity down the road for you to move closer to home ( plus you can buy me beer , which is always a plus for anyone's karma) . As far as your overall attitude towards the industry , I think I disagree . I think it's a good industry to be in , particularly now , because no matter what , people need electricity . And it's still changing , especially out West , so there will be challenges and opportunities . It's great talking with you . Cheer up . Call your folks . Run . Punch a punching bag . Do drugs ( kidding) . Take care of yourself , and if you need anything , give me a buzz or drop an email . Sean
Deborah , I think when I "left" Enron I was removed from the mailing list , so I don't get Belden's general emails . Thanks
Wednesday or Thursday around noon would be OK .
Sounds good .
Alan , There are some problems with your attachment . When are you sending this ?
Hi there , Thanks for the note . It is very weird for sure . I never thought it would happen to Enron . One of the reasons I didn't go to a smaller shop , even though I was offered more money , was because I didn't want to deal with crap like this . Lo and behold . Life is strange . Anyway , at this point it looks like Dynegy is the suitor for the big E . I think it will happen . The question will become , where are we going to be located ? Fortunately , I only have about 8 months left in my contract , so I won't have to put up with too much crap for too long . We'll see . Italy is awesome . Really really is . I realize it more and more since I came back . Tuscany is so cool . If you go there , go to San Quirico , Montecino and Montepulciano . Very cool little towns and good wine . Florence is very cool as well . I may go back there for a month or so this June if things aren't to wacky . Have a good time there; I'm envious . Sounds like you are doing better . Also sounds like work is fun and challenging . So do you think you are going to stay there for a while ? Do you miss the West ? I don't think I'll live east of the Rockies , but you never know . Well , it looks like this year might be as interesting as last . I keep thinking things will mellow out a little , but things keep getting more and more strange . It was great to hear from you and take care of yourself ! Sean
Thanks Fran . Let me know if it bogs down or anything . I'd like to get it done .
There are a few others: Pacificorp , Puget , BPA
Audrey , Here is a brief personal work history . I've been in the utility industry pretty much since 1988 . I started trading for Portland General Electric in 1995 . I've been a trader for Enron for the last 4 years . I run Enron's short-term Northwest book . I have market-making responsibility for the cash , balance , and prompt months for the Mid-Columbia and COB specifically , although I am responsible for the entire Northwest . I also trade Palo Verde , SP15 , and NP15 . I have recently talked with a couple of other trading outfits out west and generally the structure looks something like this: 3 . Various bonus structures , generally with a minimum guaranteed equal to the base salary . Quite frankly a move to the east coast is not very appealing . The compensation package would have to be very attractive for me to seriously consider a move to that area . If you have any questions , please let me know . Thanks , Sean Crandall
Fran , We had a problem with the PGE loss return on that day; I thought we fixed it . Anyway , I put in a crossdesk ( deal 875570) . Thanks .
Do I go and drop him off , or go ?
yes . it came to the office . i sent it to the yesterday .
thanks
So what do you think ? Pretty wild , huh ?
Miller ! For the love of JESUS ! How are you . What's up with the layoffs ? Absolutely amazing . I have seen it all now .
Fran , Due to the fact Houston killed several transactions ( as opposed to zeroing them out in Scheduling) , the real-time position manager is out of balance for December 2 and December 3 at the Mid-C and COB . December 1 looks OK . This seems like an issue that Houston is going to have to resolve since they know the deals that were killed . I will put the necessary interdesk swaps in on Saturday , but I'm going to leave Sunday and Monday open at this point . If you have any questions , let me or Diana know . Thanks
Received .
Diana Scholtes Sean Crandall Chris Mallorey Tom Alonso Mark Fischer Bill Williams Bob Badeer Matt Motely Mike Driscoll Tim Belden Jeff Richter Mike Swerzbin Thanks
Hey there ! How's it going ? I understand you guys stole one of our marketers . That's ok , I'll forgive you . Things are insanely boring here . Basically we are in a wait mode , probably , I think , until February . This is the first time in 5 years I haven't had to worry about P&L and I have to say it's pretty weird . It's nice sleeping in though . So supposedly we have 14 potential suitors . You've probably heard of the banks , and I've also heard Reliant is putting together a bid . THAT would be interesting . We laid off probably half the people in our office--pretty much all back office support and some conservation/renewable people . Bad timing . Plus , when we laid off Enron Broadband folks , they got a six month severance package , and EBB didn't make any money , and in fact lost a substantial amount . Then Enron lays off people on our floor , which has made a phenomenal amount of money , and gives them basically $4,000 taxed at 48% . Life is not fair . It's going to be interesting to see what this does to the industry . I think the California debacle , then Enron ( now Calpine) , is going to create an interesting dynamic going forward . Credit is going to become more and more an issue , especially towards the back of the curve . It's interesting , I remember 5 years ago the prediction was , when it was all said and done , there would be 6 big energy suppliers in the country . Looks like it's heading that way . So are you going to Europe ? Sounds like fun . If it looks like we're going to be on the sidelines for a while , I might go on vacation for a couple of weeks , maybe Hawaii . Well , I'm going to go grab a cup of coffee . I hope everything is well with you . Take care , Sean
On Dec . 21 CRC called and wanted to resume deliveries at the Mid-C ( they are delivering to us) . I'm assuming this is OK . Let me know otherwise . Sean
Point Buy/Sale Counterparty On Off Price Deal #
They got it .
Yesterday I talked with Chelan's trader and she informed me they regard the 7 MW we are delivering to them as a "good" contract . So long as we are able to deliver , they will accept deliveries . I'm not sure what this means in light of their termination status , but since the price is $34 , I'm going to deliver until I hear otherwise . Sean
Alan asked me to email this to you .
No
That's fine . Just give me a call when you get in town to remind me . Everything is fine at the townhome; it's quite comfortable . Sean
I agreed with the numbers on the spreadsheet . We delivered 40 MW flat for Dec 1-4; Dec 5 25 MW flat; then 0 for remainder of month .
Too bad I didn't talk with you a little earlier . This sounds like a great job , and ultimately I would be very interested . However , I'm basically under a 1-year deal now , so I won't be available until Feb '03 .
I'm showing we have two deals in the system under BPA Contract #s 10123 and 10227: If there are additional transactions other than these , I need to know within the next couple of hours . Sean
We've been keeping this deal in because I've been concerned about congestions at COB . I'm not concerned going into February , so this contract is out of the money for February ( probably in March thru May however) . If there is some reason to keep it whole , we have the length at COB . Let me know what we want to do .
Thanks
I agree with this .
Here's what changes: COB: We are not going to deliver to Midesto ( Deal # 3689.4 ) MC: BPA deal # 51353 and Busbar BPA deal # 85098 are cancelled .
Steve , Please wire $520,800 to AEP ( same info as Tom Alonso's ) and wire $567,084 to AVISTA ( same info that we've been using) . This will take care of our Northwest book of business for Feb 1 through Feb 9 . I will send you the P&L calculation a little later . Thanks Sean
Steve , The difference is because I rounded the purchase prices from AEP and Avista in the P&L spreadsheet , rather than taking a weighted average . The wire request amount is correct .
That would be a "1"
very cool . thank you sir .
I completed mine on Monday the 4th .
I haven't yet . I will give him a buzz tonight .
Thanks Steve . I think we might be interested in pursuing something . It's kind of hectic right now , so let me give you a call when things settle down a little bit . Probably next week . Talk with you later .
I closed out our Balance of February NW position . The total we pay is $2,111,160 . I'll have more detail to you and Thome in a minute .
The one in Portland , like NE 102nd .
I have done the following trades to wrap up the Enron Northwest position for the balance of February . 1 . Bought 200 MW Onpeak at the Mid-C from AEP for $20 ( Expense of $1,024,000) . 2 . Bought 118 MW Onpeak at the Mid-C from Avista for $20 ( Expense of $604,160 ) 3 . Bought 132 MW Offpeak at the Mid-C from Avista for $18.75 ( Expense of $495,000 ) 4 . Bought 200 MW Offpeak of the MC/COB spread from AEP for $0.50 ( Expense of $20,000 ) 5 . Sold 125 MW Onpeak of the COB/MC spread to AEP for $1.0 ( Revenue of $32,000 ) So we need to send $1,012,000 to AEP and $1,099,160 to Avista ( total of $2,111,160) .
Point Buy/Sale Counterparty On Off Price Deal # BP Cont # Montana S ASH GROVE -6 -6 88.25 891894 Might be out . Montana Total -8 -8 Grand Total 0 0 Price MW Total $
I am working with CIBC on another credit mitigation deal . They are interested but they have said nothing yet on pricing levels . I am sending them something on Monday that will propose a Enron payment on Friday December 17th of approximately $16 MM CAD . Again , this payment would come from the U.S . office so if there are any administrative things that need to get done I suggest we get on it quickly . I assume Juanita needs to deal with funding and Louie needs to secure a letter from CIBC re credit mitigation . I'm in Houston part of the week but you can track me done through my secretary . Regards John Lavorato
If I remeber correctly , you were writing a time-table for the Ontario Peaker deal .
Kyle there in nothing on this message .
John , we did a deal with Peoples the co-manage some of there assets . We are actually setting up a Chicago office with them and sending some people to it . You should call Jean Mrha and find out the structure . If might help us with a structure with Unical .
Cliff , lease the EOTT space .
Please stop sending me this report . John .
Dave: I gave a copy of my Canadian bonus levels to Whalley . Please give me a call when you start getting down the road on levels as I would like to talk about options and equity for some of my people . Regards , John Lavorato
Angela - tasks 1 . Ask Iris how fast she can get more clocks , I would like to send some to my brokers . Also get me a list of who our marketers are sending gifts to . 2 . Tell Milly I'm requesting 3000 for the Order of Good Cheer and that I will make a 1000 dollar donation personally that I will not as Enron to match .
Hello again everyone . One last structure pre-christmas . I'm am working on an option structure with TD bank that would see 20,000,000 CAD go out the door on Wednesday December 22nd or Thursday December 23rd . There will be no special documentation necessary , only standard option confirmations . The money will return equally over the 12 months of 2000 . TD is charging us a fee of 50K CAD for the idea but since it is different than the deals we have already done I'm OK with it . What I need is the following . 1 - If there are any questions or concerns please call me early Monday morning . 2 - Jordon - Please call me and give me your OK . 3 . Juanita - Let me know if you can handle the payment in time . 4 . Joe - How's are Line of Credit coming - we're running out of time . Thanks John Lavorato
As you know we were trying to do some funding deals prior to the end of the year . We executed a total of $65 Million CAD with 4 different companies ( TD , CIBC , Bank Paribas , and BMO) . Everyone who I cc'd this note to did a great job of helping us execute . Regards John Lavorato
Cliff I want to add a seat between Chad and the window . Can you check it out . John .
David I'm going to extend and offer to someone who currently works at Koch . I will extend the offer at the Director level but this person could easily pass as a Vice President . I think I need to add some stock or options to the offer . Can you please advise me on how I can accomplish this . Thanks John Lavorato
Dawn , call me on Lambie and Brodeur .
Rob How good is that credit report from Bradford . Can I use it or do we need Lon to update something monthly . John
Rob , Paul is scheduled to come to Calgary early next week . He should have a good idea of how Enerconnect went then . I'm assuming your in , if you are not please call Paul and reschedule . I'm in Houston for the rest of the week .
You can set it up . I'm am overrulling Greg in the future . John McKay can set up products .
Angela Please reschedule my lunch with Dan Fornier at Blakes for next week .
Jim This information on Ontario nukes is similar to our information . The only difference is that our regulatory lawyer feels that only one of the four Pickering units ( 500 mw each ) would come back in 2001 ( although optimistic ) followed by one each year after that . Your report says that all Pickering units would come back in 2001 . Even in your report , however , they seem doubtful that this is realistic . The Bruce Units ( 3000 mw ) appear to be dead for a long time if not for good . Regards , John P.S . I'll call you soon on are project , currently on hold until 2001 if we decide to build in Ontario .
Jeff , I don't know any of the Houston guys and I don't think the Calgary guys are important enough . Lavo
Angela , make sure I buy Chris's gift on Monday . Set up a Meeting , Milly , Kyle , Derek and Eric with Hemstock re . regulatory .
We need the hourly data . If they do not release it OPG has a significant advantage in a deregulating market . Please push the issue . John
Dan , we need to talk about cancelling some of our Telerate feeds . John
I have a 1:10 meeting so I can't attend your marketing meeting . I thought it might be a good idea to grab Lambie at noon and get him to attend your whole meeting . He might have some insights into Alliance among other things .
I have a meeting at 1:15 , I assume in my office , with some Houston folks . The topic a potential purchase of Westcoast . I would like both of you to attend .
John , I think they have to do something to improve the customize pages . At a minimum , they need to build something so you don't have to re add day gas everyday .
Laura I just want to make sure we are paying ngx a twentieth not a tenth .
Lon puts a bunch of reports together for me , you don't have to e-mail me . Thanks Chris I just get Greg's reports on the intranet page . You don't have to e-mail me .
Put a rush on the Fletcher Challenge 7 year deal . We just signed a master with them . In addition , I originally put last day in the book and it should be last 3 days .
Julie please call me .
Joe Thanks for taking the time to meet with the Canadian ministers . If you would like me to be present when they come to Houston please let me know . John Lavorato
I need to do my reviews before I go to Hawaii . Please write out instructions on how I can do them on the computer .
Eric Can you re submit me the utilities in Alberta including gas .
Your killing me . Lavo . I'm going to start calling you Delainey .
i'm in
Thanks Tim
Can you type up thank you letters for me . Dear xxxx I would like to thank you for your generous donation to The Order of Good Cheer fundraising effort . Our organization raised over $200,000 for the Enviros Program . The money was much needed and will allow this wonderful program to continue to improve the lives of young Calgarians who have experienced hardship . Yours Truly John Lavorato .
Set up a quick 15 minute meeting with Lon and Laura Scott with respect to the income statement . On Tuesday .
Angela . Please move the reviews that I did to a directory that cannot be accessed by anyone but you .
Louise . I would love to come but I'm on holiday . I do have some thoughts and would love to share them with you .
Peter , I never said I would incur any costs .
Why are you congradulating me , I work for Delainey .
I've never heard of them . Sorry .
John If you get a chance give me a call I would like to talk about this product .
So your overrulling me again .
let's talk in person
Use Paul Devries in the Toronto office .
Action Items . It looks like my calender is not Mountain time again . Please fix . Set up meeting on Monday . 30 Minutes - Andre 30 Minutes - Bill
Also Tuesday , Kyle and Eric 1/2 hour .
Have we rented our office space yet .
Milly it looks like your head of parking and you may need to lease our office space too .
Rob , that's good information , keep digging .
Dan I'm leaving for a couple of weeks . I'll get you my computer when I come back . John
Bill . I've taken a look at your resume and pulled your internal reviews . We have decided to go another route . Sorry . I'll be in Houston for the next three weeks if you want to talk to me . John .
I don't know him that well , however , I don't think he is a superstar . Rob Milnthorp in Calgary might have a better read .
Thanks
I'm a bachelor next week and would love to go to dinner . Anywhere you want . John
Dave Should we invite Presto and Beldon to this meeting . I think so .
Wednesday at Rainbow lodge . Can you book it and let me know .
Jane I finished my reseme and most of the form you gave me . The only thing I'm currently missing is the copy of the passports for my wife and child . Give me a call on Monday .
Tim I assume you know that you have to make a presentation at the offsite . Can you send me a copy by Monday . If not let me know . Thanks John
Kevin I assume you know that you need a presentation for next week's offsite . Can I see a copy ahead of time . Thanks John Lavorato
Dave I'm thinking of hiring Kim Hillis . I would like your opinion .
Emmisions Trading will go from Kevin Presto ( Greg Wolfe ) to George McClellan under the following conditions . 1 - Volumes will not fall . In fact they will increase . 2 - Wolfe will retain 1 Million of the 3 Million VAR for six months and then East Power will have no Emmisions Positions , 3 - Janel Guerrero ( middle marketer ) will follow the book to coal . 4 - East Power and Coal will get together and ( hopefully ) agree on a transfer pricing mechanism for existing positions if there are any that Greg is not keeping . Give me a call if there are any issues .
Is there anything in my current role that I won't have to champion .
The reason I called you today is to tell you that I noticed your EOL performance . Not bad for a cunuck .
Shank It seems that Bradford still feels that we are commercially objecting to some credit mitigation . Can you talk to him , Thanks Lavo Great job of minimizing the p/l hit late last week .
Howard Can you remove me from this distribution list - my life is a little complicated .
1 . I didn't know much about ag products but Ted Murphy is trying to include me in the loop . 2 . Chris Calger says that he has aggregated his CPI positions for the west . Can check if Dave Duran has done this for the east and try to aggregate the position . If you need help let me know . John
Tim Can you get someone ( perhaps a marketer ) to give me a one pager on the WAPA deal .
Mark Send me an e-mail decribing how the quote process went . If you need my help let me know .
Angela . How is Thursday the 16th of May . Call me John . 713-853-7991
Yes Thursday may 18th .
Chris , I'll figure this out , Please stop sending me this email .
I just sent an email to Chris telling him to stop sending me this email . I guess he needs to send it .
GOOD
I think the list is OK . Can you fedex me one of the deal entry books .
Ignore Shankman - I think that was a bit of joke .
aPPROVED
Jon Ignore expenses . We just split the whole office in half to split the trading and marketing . You are also not authorized to see some of those expenses . So please ignore them .
Approved
I assume your working on this . You owe me on the web page . 1 . Pricing - Lon's sheet . 2 . Power Sheets 3 . Peggy's volume and number of trades sheet .
Milly .  If you're going to sell the warrants yourself . ( It sounds like you should if your getting $2 in time value ) let me know and I'll call off the equity group .
Call me on Beau . A couple thoughts . If they are so screwed why can't we get a couple million in fees . Also , remember that the Canadian commericial group wears the debt not the credit group .
The genco was rolled into the East Trading . Can we get rid of the Genco on the DPR .
Tim Please add bookrunners names beside the books on your P/L .
Mark Can you have one of your lawyers get me a copy of the Merryl Lynch deal we deal at the end of last year . A short summary to supplement the contract would be great . Thanks John
APPROVED
approved
Kevin I agree . If we ultimately trade out of Toronto , the P/L responsibility will probably role into you . It looks like we were trying to close Garret Tripp ( Associate ) to move to Toronto and start looking at this stuff . If he is going , you should meet with him before he goes .
Can you please get a copy to my assistant Kim Hillis to put into my binder .
test
Please call Mike Moscoso and get the report on the Executive reports website . I do not want to get an e-mail everyday . Thanks
Rob I enjoyed meeting you last week . Unfortunately I have decided to take another route . Thanks
David I enjoyed meeting you last week . Unfortunately I have decided to take another route .
Dave The weather group should show this P/L today
Thanks for the update and good job in handling this .
Ed Let me know when you will be ready to have a meeting with Dave and I to discuss your model and specific needs for expanding the middle market group .
You might want to file this . Lavo
I need you guys to confirm that you are available June 3rd ( Saturday ) for the ENA super saturday . P.S . you need to say yes .
Call me when you get back .
Mark I like the route of Thor runnig Europe out of Oslo . Why don't you make that happen and pass on the guy from Aquila for now . Give me a call if you agree .
I hear you . However , this big a difference doesn't make sense to me . Are the scalers and the vol marked correctly .
yes
If Beth is our Systems person why is she in London .
Here are our picks for the incoming class . Gas Analysts: Gabrial Chavez Nate Blackburn Phillip Berry ( Maybe for Sally Beck or Beth Perlman ) Sachin Gandhi Miguel Nasser James Wininger Associates Dustin Collins Li Sun Power Analysts: Elizabeth Johnston Possey Martinez Gary Justice Associates: Doug Seaworth Dustin Collins Eduardo Gil Pearce Hammond David Maskel Michael Kelly Please confirm how many of these we can lock up .
Mark I know I promised you a weekly trading update . I got a little distracted this week . I will get it done . John
Call me
Looks good .
As discussed . Gary give me a call before you call Gavin .
Dave I was told that I was changed over on June 1st . Please make sure it is June 15th or I have tax problems .
Sure
Dave The PPA schedule was pushed back two weeks . I would like to keep our meeting with Skilling because I heard he was going to Africa for 3 weeks .
Laurie As Discussed .
Now that we have so much time on our hands.......Please send me a list of products , terms and bid/offer spreads that we can negotiate for EOL .
Jane Sorry I was very busy last week . The ammendment is no rush . I will call you when I get a chance . John
Dave I wouldn't mind waiting a few weeks to go to Portland . PRC is going to eat up a lot of time in the next few weeks and it would be nice if Mike Swerzman was in town when we went . However , whatever you want "I will follow"(U2) .
Give me a call .
Jeff Can you set up a meetin with you and your desk heads and me for 1 hour this week to talk about EOL and product offerings .
All of a sudden Mark Frevert asks me everyday about when we'll know about hedging re PPA's and if we can delay the auction 2 weeks . The dream is still alive . Let's see my boys come through .
The Emmisions book under Kevin McGowan will take a one time $4 Million hit today . This is to move the curves to better reflect the current market . This hit will stay in the Coal group but will be removed from its P/L from a performance measurement standpoint . Now that the curves are corrected I expect a focus on building our emmisions trading business in the following ways: 1 . Understanding the fundamentals . 2 . Taking advantage of structural shifts that we forecast . 3 . Building more liquidity and being the primary market maker . 4 . Developing new traders . Thanks John
Ron Thanks for your help with my house purchase . Please forwad an bill to me at Enron ( location eb3324) .
Kim No more salary changes without my approval .
I'm just simply better than everyone else .
I think we should restrict Peter's memo's to 50 words or less . Please advise . Lavo .
Please excuse Kim Hillis and Kay Chapman from SAP timekeeping class and provide them with the necessary tools to learn this at their desks . I understand that with this dismissal that they will be required to learn it on their own . Kim Hillis is currently registered for the class on Thursday , June 29 and Kay Chapman had Beverly Stephens attend on her behalf . Please provide them with a contact name in the event that they have any questions .
This memo follows up on our discussion this morning . With respect to the 15 million of increased VAR that the Board allocated to Rick Buy and Jeff Skilling I propose the following: 1 . 5 Million be allocated to EES and therefore remove EES's positions from the Wholesale gas and power groups ( This has already been done) . 2 . Move the control and decision making of 5 Million of VAR each to the trading heads of North America ( Lavorato ) and Europe ( Sherriff) . 3 . With respect to North America I intend to create a group called the "Cross Commodity Trading Group" which will warehouse the 5 Million of VAR and use it as it sees fit ( I will run this group and currently be the only employee) . This will start out as an administrative structure to use if we need to throw more VAR at certain positions ( I see the individual trading groups staying within their VAR limits) . However , I do see the need for a true cross commodity group that would search for low risk / high probability trades accross the commodities that we trade . This structure may help to start us down this path . Please let me know what you think . John
We're back baby .
Rick I wasn't double counting . My 5 Million was the Cross commodity group . I'm fine with your comments re . Sherriff .
Rob Just to clear on our conversation . I'm fine with the Sunoco transaction .
How is our internal trading of PJM demand going .
Dennis Thanks for your memo outlining your positions and strategies . It was very helpful for me to understand your thought process which seems very sound . I hope to spend more time with you guys in the future . I am also working on the human resource issues you mentioned . John Lavorato .
Dave It sounds like the urgency on the Wind Power decision wasn't a reality . Kevin says that they are working on it . If you need me to do anything let me know .
Looks good to me .
Please do not send me these charts .
Chris I know I have to sign this stuff . I don't think I need the e-mails .
Your getting way to complicated . This product may not trade much and until it does we can do most things manually .
Joe A couple of questions . 1 . Where did the Gas Trading P/L derive from this month . 2 . How are you coming on the position reports we discussed . Talk to you soon . John Lavorato
Kathryn Although we are a qualified bidder , we still have not made the decision to bid . I would try to avoid discussing but if you need to give me a call .
Beth Please respond with a plan to solve these problems . Thanks John
Let me know if she doesn't solve your problems .
Brad Can you get me a copy of the final PRC results for all employees in ENA .
Ed As well as Dave's suggestions , I would like to see value per transaction which I'm told you keep track of .
Dave Following up on our summit . I wrote down that you would follow up on the synergies or lack there of between the research group and the group run by Scott Tholen . I would be happy to coordinate this myself . Please write back and let me know if this is okay .
I have asked the crude group to give a presentation on fuel oil supply and demand which will take place Wednesday July 12 at 2:15 in the big boardroom on the 30th floor . I would encourage everyone to come and bring any traders that you think would benefit from it .
Call me Lavo .
Dave It looks like we hit a home run .
I would like to request a temporary increase of the Natural Gas var limit for the next 10 business days . I suggest Natural Gas Trading's limit increase to 45 Million limit from the current 40 Million limit . The floor is very bullish and we don't want to take off our West Basis positions which are eating up a lot of var . Please advise .
This is the most bizarre resume I've seen in a long time .
Put all these dates on my calander .
Oxley and I will come up with a first stab at the option grants . John
I guess we were wrong . We were totally surprised by the a.g.a . number . We need to work on are ability to predict it . Therefore , we probably net sold contracts today and will be under our 40 Million limit . I don't think there is any reason to change what we did today . We will keep it in our pocket for 10 days unless you disagree . John
Change the rating . John Lavorato I would love to see more detail .
Dave Can you get one of your people to handle this .
OK
Rick Can you include me on your distribution list re . Nepool and the ICAP product . Thanks
Jeff Why don't you take a stab at the disaster plan . John
Ed How are you doing on these reports .
Figure out how to print this file on one or two pages that is readable .
Put this in my binder and tell him to start sending it to you .
Let's get this done quickly . You should tell everyone what they need to do to accomplish this . John .
Sorry Jim but I left you a voicemail saying that there was no material loss in trading .
Ed Set up a meeting with me and you to discuss this report . Fifty dollars .
It sounds like I need to clafify my plans for trading and risk management of power in Ontario . 1 . Garrett is in Toronto and should be doing everything possible to try to understand all the ins and outs of the Ontario Power Market including building forward curves . He has dual reporting to Paul Devries ( head of the Enron's Toronto operation ) and Dana Davies ( head of ENA power trading for the Northeast U.S.) . Dana has ultimate risk management responsibility for Ontario . 2 . My current opinion is that we should trade Ontario out of the Toronto office with risk management responsibilities rolling into Dana . This could always change in the future if it doesn't make sense . 3 . John Mckay , although he has been helping Bill out , will ultimately have no power trading responsibilities . 4 . Tom May is the cash trader in N.Y . reporting to Dana . I expect us to use Tom's expertise with respect to Ontario to build up our competency there , however , Toms' main role will be N.Y . 5 . Garrett should spend some time ( probably soon ) in Houston getting to know the people and the technical resources available to him . If anyone has any questions concerns please give me a call . John
When we have made some inroads into SO2 analysis please set up another meeting with me .
No hurry . You guys just peeked my interest last time and I would like to continue discussions . John
I thought I would try to summarize our meeting this week and document a list of agreed apon tasks . 1 . The Unify system is on the brink of disaster and everyone agrees that we have huge business risk if it blows up . --> Sally and Beth are going to document the steps we are taking to maintain the system and minimize the chances of a failure . ( everyone understands that this is a difficult task but it sounds like it should be a high priority ) 2 . The database to run the gas books takes way too long and is leading to long hours on the part of our back office staff . --> Beth is moving from Sun-O-S to Sun-Sularis which should allow us to address the problem . We have 4 contractors working on this and we are expecting it to take 6 weeks . Once this project is complete we can add hardware and reduce the time problems . 3 . The traders need better real time management tools that ultimately combine their physical and financial trades together and identify their real time risk . TDS was a system that was built to help this however it does not meet all the traders needs . This ultimately needs to be a system that is commissioned by the traders to meet their needs . --> Phillip Allen is going to prepare a list of trader needs in consultation with all the gas desks heads . After this Beth should try to come up with a plan to get a system that meets all the traders needs . 4 . The power system is unstable and fails on a regular basis . This is leading to long hours on the part of our back office staff . Beth has made progress in this area and we are going to monitor the improvements over the next 4 to 6 weeks to see if the improvements prove to be working . 5 . Steve Natt is going to put a plan together that meets with Kevin Presto's approval that addresses our needs with respect to all-requirements deals and volume management deals in the east . 6 . There will be no more business trips to London ( somewhat kidding) . 7 . Portland has issues with speed do to the fact that we still run their books through an interface with Houston . --> John Lavorato will talk to Tim Beldon and Beth to determine whether its worthwile to put servers in Portland . --> Since Tim was not in the meeting , John will make sure we are covering all his needs .
Where did you ever get the idea for this ?
Dave I don't think I can follow up with 90 people . Please advise me if I should be handling this or your group is hadling . John
Jeff Please confirm that the assistants are going to the Houstonian to learn how to read the screens .
Dave Give me a call on the weekend if you get a chance . I talked to Shankman and he talks about more groups going to Global than I thought . Like to discuss . Home 713-61-6096 Cell 713-417-3074
Tony Wow I don't think so . I thought I would rewrite yours and correct some of the factual errors . If you disagree please write me back . I moved from our Houston office in 1994 to Calgary and in 1999 was named President of the Canadian operation . We went from a small gas marketing shop to the dominant natural gas trader and originator in Canada . It was absolutely awesome . I had the time of my life . We built the business with very little supervision from Houston into a major contributor to Enron Corp's bottom line . These days , as many people know , we are using the same trading and risk management skills that we learned in the energy business to create liquid tradable markets in bandwidth , pulp and paper , coal , and many others . So our newer people still have the chance to do what I did in Canada and help build revolutionary new businesses . What a lot of people don't realize is how dominant our trading and risk management presence is in Natural Gas and Power . The opportunities our outstanding and the challenges will test the best minds out there . These businesses are interesting and very complicated with a million different variables to figure out ranging from the weather to the levels of gas storage in Montana to how to move power from New York to South Caralina . You can't put gas and power on a truck or store them in a warehouse like other commodities . Its not like trading bonds , where you sit around and try to figure out what the Fed is going to do . It has much more complexity , and if you like trying to solve complex problems and your good at it.....get down here ! . .. . we need you ! John's callout quote Enron's not a place where you can hide . If you can't get it done you won't fit in . But if you can , and you work hard , you'll get noticed , you'll excell , you'll get paid , and we're going to love you .
I think we should play on Wabamun - assume we are .
I was right on the legal question Jeff asked . Julia was wrong . She is dropping a note to Skilling .
You didn't attach anything .
I've been assured about funding before . I would like to know what Canadian vehicle they are going to use .
Dave What is the status: Have they seen them . If they haven't I would to talk to you about it .
print this in color .
Greg here is our info: John,Dina and Michael Lavorato Phone Home 713-661-6096 Work 713-853-7991
What type of industrial . ie Chemical , Fertilizer etc .
Ed This stuff looks good . Why don't you combine all your stuff , maybe include the org chart also and see if we can get a 3 or 4 page report . Send it to me and I'll run if by Dave .
John I asked about loss limits a couple months ago and Ted said that they no longer report these numbers to the board . However , I think we should get rid of the whole concept . VAR is the relevant concept . Please advise .
I am not on side with a contract for Per . Please give me a call .
i'm ok with this Brad McSherry|HOU|ECT wrote on 7/28/00 12:48 pm: John , Hunter Shively needs Doyle Baughman to monitor the construction of a pipeline in the U.S . Doyle has done this for us in the past . The terms of the agreement are as follows: Hunter anticipates that we will use Doyle for several months . We can terminate our agreement at anytime . Regards , Brad
Thanks Dave Hope everything is well in London .
You can call Sherrif . If you need my help let me know .
Let's leave it for now . John
Natural Gas Risk Management requests and increase to 45 Million from 40 Million to increase our gas fixed price position ( long ) until Tuesday morning ( August 8th) . Thanks John
This looks good . Don't worry I will definately call if I want something .
No storms in sight .
So do we have emmisions .
Brian Sorry I didn't get back quickly . You need to tell me what the premium translates into from a dayrate perspective . In addition , I thought you were going to write an outline of what they would try to do in the next little while . ( ie how much one way exposure ) This way I don't have to get involved in every deal until they prove to me that is big enough to allocate a risk manager to the market .
Sorry - A hurricane off Africa - I think you will have a good tail wind when you are leaving .
Please put the new hire thing at the doubletree on Monday on my schedule .
Thanks for the update and keep up the good work .
EES is trading them up . Give me a call .
Fine .
I think Shankman wants me to go to this . If this is true please put it on my schedule .
Kevin Is this the guy you are interviewing .
I haven't seen an e-mail .
Make sure this is on my schedule .
Hey Greg . If you ever are in Houston again give me a call . I want to talk to you about the order stuff in the second version of
I can't seem to print this . Can you try .
Please give me a call this week I need some info .
David When you get back , hopefully in one peice . Can you take care of my moving expenses and the gross up issue .
Thanks for the increased VAR . We got it right this time .
Rick I would like to request an extension of the 45 million limit until Friday . We like gas and we would like to maximize this move .
The PPA auction is going along well I think . We are leading on Sundance B and have been for 3 rounds now . Some weird things are occuring so it is too early to tell what will utimately happen . The government has said that it will move to the third and final stage of the auction in the morning . We would be estatic if people continue to leave us alone on Sundance B . Currently we are bid $112,000,000 Canadian and a swap price of 33.5 CAD . But again its too early to get our hopes up .
Does this mean that we have no VAR limit during this time .
We should be getting gas fax .
That's great . Please don't let Len delay .
Dave Is there a round 2 of raptor and is Beau Canada going into it .
Just to be clear . There will be no re-allocations of analysts and associates from ENA to Global Products .
What have you been smoking .
Make sure we don't lose these two to Jeff . Call Celeste and tell them that we have place them in gas .
I talked to Whalley about it a little bit . The one issue is that when we liquidate a bad position they get out first . Think about it .
Mark We can make this even simpler . All broker trades are confirmed the next day . We would only need to record trader deals when they deal direct which is rare and all marketer deals . If we do this we might consider keeping the tapes for a longer period because only the confirming part would be on tape . Please advise .
I really think we can do this more systematically . Give me a little time . ie . Trust me I'm the Godfather .
Dave I hate to make the management committee too big but how about Scott Tholen . He is very high quality .
Can you please help Greg get this info . I have to think that we have this info somewhere .
A couple questions . Do I need to do anything next Wednesday or will money just hit my accout ? Will you pay the contractor and if so why is Len Wong involved ? John
Chris ask Dave he is still the king of your world in my mind .
Tim Given the tight schedule , lets try to find a half and hour for me to sit in front of all of the traders at once . John
OK I think 3 days a year is fair .
Per I misplaced your emain on the funds . Can you resend it please . Thanks John
Beth I'm wondering if you are done are close on the systems plan . I am getting on a plane early monday afternoon . I would love something to review even if it is not complete . Thanks John
Get Chris Abel on my schedule early Monday . Also can you make sure that I have a computer set up for me in Portland and Calgary and that it gets me into my network . I especially need to be able to get into the executive reports .
Dave We need to think about trying to get more VAR for the gas floor before all these other commodities go to the Board and scare the hell out of them . I have several reasons for this so lets discuss .
10 Million - Pan Nat gas purchase from Duke - Contract allows for price determination . 10 Million - Tolls Risk associated with PGT transport that expires in 2023 . 10 Million - Index Risk at Chicago as a result of the Peoples transaction I'll call you later today .
We won a PPA in Alberta . We will know for sure on Thursday when the government declares the auctin a success or not . It is highly like that it will be a success . Please direct all detailed questions through Derek Davies in Canada
XXXX XXX
If this is OK with you its OK with me .
Paul The fellow in Andea Reed's group is all yours . P.S . How is our trade coming along .
Phillip Allen will put 50 Million in Schedule C reserve on August 23rd and Mike Grigsby and Kieth Holst will put 25 Million each on August 24th .
Change Holst and Grigsby to 35 Million and 35 Million .
Help
Dave Try to make sure that my assigned guys get significant roles . Make sure they are interviewing on campus . PS Herdon is a director not VP
That's fine by me .
Sorry Vince I have been out of town . Please give me a call tomorrow .
I think I know what this E-mail is about .
Looks good to me . John Lavorato I would like to see the resumes .
Should the cap affect the marginal price of power in Ontario .
This e-mail is kind of funny .
Can I please see the resumes .
I keep hearing that Mcsherry is gone yet his xxxxxx name keeps coming up .
The commercial support people that you and Hunter want to make commercial managers .
I've told Presto to relax 17 times . Just deal with me on this one .
I'm in Vegas this weekend , want to come . P.S . We should play soon I have averaged 94 in my last 5 rounds .
Good Job !
Wes Are we allocating people like research out to the various wholesale groups . John
Fletch Make sure they also set up the fixed price vs . daily term swaps at Henry the Hub .
FYI - see below . Belden is the King !
Looks great . I think we should have a least 1 or 2 real time traders in Calgary .
Dave As part of the info you should put together I thought it would be good to have the historic head count ( for 1-2 years ) by month and by level to try to get a sense of how many people we hire . Might even need the number of hires and fires/resignations . My thought is to try to figure out how difficult it would be to have a few committees to interview candidates before offers would be made .
Beth Get me that new list as soon a possible . John
Why is Milnthorp doing a U.S . school and I thought I was doing MIT Aslo where all my traders that I assigned .
Was Greg onside with this stuff ? Give me a call .
Rick I thought I would give you an update on what I am doing from a systems perspective . I'm trying to get a systems plan together from Beth . We simple do not have one . From there I will coordinate with traders and back office to try to create a plan that everyone can by off on . My new motto is "Systems will be fixed or people will die" . I will keep you informed . John
Can I also get a copy of his resume .
I know you are screwing with me . If you are not . NO !
My opinion is that you need a budget .
Eric the contact names are listed at the bottom of this message . Please call if you have questions .
Just say that I said that you did a great job .
no Mike Can you live with the gas position reports . John
No
hi nana its micael
No changes
No to Nelson and I'm ok with Scott but I would like to hear the figures .
Make sure the Benson's of the world who don't read their E-mails read this
Please give Mike Grigsby access to the basis position reports and the fixed price position reports for gas .
Let me sit on that because Scott's performance has not been as strong as Hunter and Fletch's .
Rick Buy I'm expecting more details from Bill re . Perry Gas but I'm quite pissed about this . I will deal with my traders when I have the details . On the Retail side , I think this is the problem in trying to set up a separate Wholesale trading group in retail which is clearly happening . This wouldn't of happened it they were trading through us .
Call me about this .
Peter Deal with Joe Deffner directly . I threatened his life if we don't pay them in time .
Rob Can you make sure that the Toronto Office is not blowing their minds on costs .
Fine Do it quickly .
Talk to Fletch about progress .
Get me info on this .
Good job on this .
Tim There is absolutely a spot for John . Maybe he should give me a call or even come an see me . Why don't you talk to him and also I would love your thoughts on what the best role for him would be .
Can you send the contract to me . I guess this one went out before me .
Hoyt Did you get me response on Martin .
I don't but I need a golf shirt . Just kidding .
Change it to 150 and 100 on Long term comp and ignore the bonus target and send it back to me . I will forward it to Belden with a note . Thanks
We got it covered . It was my fault .
You should include VP's and also you should make it a little clearer that I don't want to be on the schedule unless they have made a decision .
You missed logistics as a rotaion . Also - Let's leave out where they graduate to . This might be an issue with the AA program if we say that they are going to re-enter the program .
David I quess this whole Nelson Ferries contract thing started before me . However , I can't imagine that we can retract on it . Please advise .
Gas Var . Gas Var . Futures accounts .
Hoyt The Zufferli stuff seems like it is getting a little confused in Canada . They might need to change his Contract to Canadian language but none of the terms should change including the end date except for his agreed upon Canadian $ pay .
So I guess Dave doesn't want to send this out .
I hope the data on these performance reviews is wrong . I think we need 100% of reviews done . Do you agree .
Yes Call me .
Colleen I have no idea what my intent is . I was trying to get more info so that I could evaulate things . This may mean that I do nothing from a valuation perspective .
Get on my schedule .
Just wondering if I am going to take the same fate as Keith .
Kim Have you called Nigel and told him about the interviews .
Greg Thanks for taking the time to interview Nigel . If you like him please sell him hard on
I having second thoughts about raising South American limits . If its not too late and if I have a vote give me a call .
Did you get me the performance review forms .
Beth Can you get me an updated list of projects by October 9th .
Can we put something into our trading system where it would stop us from entering a counterparty in if we were full on credit . This could help the communication problem that currently exists on companies like Perry Gas . Please advise .
I know that you'll give me hell for this but I'm out of town for my Sister-in-Law's wedding that weekend . John .
I guess I'll let this one slip through .
Charlene Just a comment . I would love to facilitate a couple decision meetings when I'm in town .
I not sure I know who David Jallits is ,
I hope you are talking to Phillip to get you system needs as part of this project .
I guess we will just go without a contract .
Bill Scott Neal talked to someone who said that we could do this . Please call Scott .
I thought you hated getting involved . Just kidding . Congrats .
I'm sensing that you don't have much to do during the day . I'm thinking about inviting Mark Waldren down at the same time . Please advise .
This is what I mean aout miscommunication .
If you bring Dina some cheesey ( spelling ) 80's movie on DVD like "16 Candles" she would be in heaven . We got a crazy cold spell last week but it should be gone when you come . In case you guys want to go to a nice place to eat you might want to bring some casual pants but for the most part jeans should be fine .
I'm okay with this .
I do not run EES trading . I would contact Marty Sunde with respect to big costs that EES wants to spend . Marty runs EES North America . I agree with you however that they should't go crazy on spending .
Saturday 10 my course . Sunday 8 Tour 18 . Friday - Working you .
Every golf course in Houston has a golf tournament next friday . What do you think about mini-putt . James might have a chance in putt-putt .
I would be happy to do a phone interview with this guy . But I won't pay for him to fly down .
Call me on this I am a little confused .
This crazy . Sooner or later they will win . We need to do something radical to make them realize they are insane . I don't know what that is .
So I'm working some magic for Friday . I think we are going to play a private men only club for free ( except for caddie fees) . I figure the downside is that we get pummled and left for dead . I'll let you know .
Set me up on this .
Correction I never suggested this .
6437 Mercer St In West University . 2 1/2 blocks from University Avevue between University Avenue and Holcombe .
Ted Call me . I told Charlene that I would do a super saturday and be a moderator for the decision process . I forgot which one . Helllllpppp .
I think he reports to Jeff Shankman . I forwarded you e-mail to Jeff . Let me know .
John I'm out of town at a wedding that weekend but thanks for the invite .
Kevin Presto is on it .
Thanks I'll take care of it .
Book the Cenral Trasport Deals and give me a report every month . The new format looks fine . John
No problem bensen
I think everybody is scared of us .
no interest
I think we are making great progress on the systems side . I would like to set a deadline of November 10th to have a plan on all North American projects ( I'm ok if fundementals groups are excluded ) that is signed off on by commercial , Sally's world , and Beth's world . When I say signed off I mean that I want signitures on a piece of paper that everyone is onside with the plan for each project . If you don't agree don't sign . If certain projects ( ie . the gas plan ) are not done yet then lay out a timeframe that the plan will be complete . I want much more in the way of specifics about objectives and timeframe . Thanks for everyone's hard work on this . John
Bob I talked to Kevin about these two guys and he feels they are critical to our business . Broadband has taken 5 guys out of East Power and left us short . Sorry
We should get 9 Million of Prudency tonight . Sounds great .
What if they have there current postions but bigger getting them to their limits . What would the agg var be .
Apparently not eh .
I'm sorry but I think its my only child syndrome .
Kevin I know its tough but your groups need to be involved in recruiting as much as possible to keep uplifting the talent in your group .
As requested .
Can we do it without the bonus target .
don't you love the ok method of communicating .
John Lavorato Joined Enron in August 93 as an Associate . Moved to Calgary and built Canadian business . Made President of Canada in Early 99 . Moved back to Houston Early in 2000 to run North American Trading . Named COO Enron North America in August . Undergrad in Canada - University of Western Ontario . MBA - Northwestern . CFA . If You need anything else give me a call John
It's strarting .
Dave is going to call you .
I wonder with Joe Sutton gone if they can cancel the worldwide Analyst and Associate PRC . It take a lot of time away from our people and we are ranking them ourselves anyway . John
Working you
What's a dealerboard .
ocean view
Sticking to Motocross eh .
I have a meeting tomorrow . Can you tell me what total power demand in in the East and the West and what Enron's volumes are .
Working you
What's a dealerboard .
John Lavorato Amex 371385129301004 Exp 06/03 Dave Delainey Rob Milnthorp Barry Tycholiz Book us 3 rooms and make sure that we can have 2 beds in one of the rooms . Thanks John
ocean view
Sticking to Motocross eh .
The two cheap guys - Tycholiz and Lavorato Change Milnthorp to Calger .
Yes 6437 Mercer St . Houston Tx P.S . I hate golf .
The two cheap guys - Tycholiz and Lavorato Change Milnthorp to Calger .
The original message is encrypted using Lotus Notes Public and Private Key security . Encrypted messages cannot be migrated to Microsoft Exchange Server .
Yes 6437 Mercer St . Houston Tx P.S . I hate golf .
I didn't think that you ever officially reported to me . Let me know . I didn't think I needed to do your review .
Can you get me his undergrad grades .
Sarah I trust you . Just tell her what we need .
Enjoy
Can you get me his undergrad grades .
Sarah I trust you . Just tell her what we need .
Enjoy
This person seems confused . Please advise .
This person seems confused . Please advise .
Max , John is currently evaluating the current HR list for Commercial Managers , Directors and VP's that are eligible for bonus . The current list shows two commercial employees reporting to you . They are Steven Irvin , Manager and Matthew Duffy , Manager . Could you please respond to this email and confirm this information . Your prompt response would be appreciated . Thank you , Kim
Just keep pushing forward . We'll figure this out as we go .
I thought we should have be taxable to the toon of 100 Million . Give me a call when you get a chance .
Do you think Janet wants to apply .
Janet Call me .
Kyle is working on the PPA . However , Dave and I told Kyle that unless he can get Fastow to sign something that we can walk on the counterparty ( in otherwords that it is truly non recourse ) we are not interested . Let me know if we are missing something .
If it was about trading it was "Reminisance of a Stock Operator"
Congrats John
Give me a call . These look fine I just have a few questions .
I'll spend 30 minutes myself .
Just keep pushing forward . We'll figure this out as we go .
Do you think Janet wants to apply .
Janet Call me .
If it was about trading it was "Reminisance of a Stock Operator"
Congrats John
Give me a call . These look fine I just have a few questions .
Set up an interview with me .
I'll spend 30 minutes myself .
Set up an interview with me .
Andy , I show he is to attend . Please let me know if there is anyone further that you would like to attend .
Now I have three places to be on December 1st . Super Saturday , Portland Christmas Party and Brazil . I working on the cloning process .
I have been requesting that the Canadian gas reports be broken down by trader for a while . I am not comfortable not knowing the P/L or positions by trader in Canada . Why is this not done yet and how can I help get it done . John
Jeff My management line is hidden on my hard copy report but not on the executive viewer . Make sure its hidden on the executive viewer .
Football bets 200 each Minn -9.5 Buff +2.5 Phil -7 Den +9.5 Dall +7.5 Jack +3.5
Sounds good .
250 per New England +6 Chic +7 Oak +11 Den -3 Current 3730
Sounds good .
250 per New England +6 Chic +7 Oak +11 Den -3 Current 3730
I think I sold it . Sorry
Kevin Give me a call on this one .
Mike Thanks for the info .
Billy What has this recent rally done to our exposures . CNR must be huge .
The model looks great except when I changed an input and hit go it blew up . Maybe I'm doing something wrong . One thing that I would like changed is that I want to make the swap product and product that settles against the 2nd last day . So the role should happen on the second last day not the last day . Please change that if you can . John
I think I sold it . Sorry
Kevin Give me a call on this one .
Mike Thanks for the info .
Thanks
Billy What has this recent rally done to our exposures . CNR must be huge .
That's cheap
That's cheap
Get me the roll off schedule for cnr over the next couple of years . Canada used to do this for me .
Please reset my password . My SAP P# is P00509247 .
Derek Davies
l.a . but I'll kill it . 1 went 6-4 with two pushes . up 400 makes a balance of 4130 .
Mike The number of trades doesn't seem to match between your presentation and the spreadsheet data . The spreadsheet shows 17 power trades this year and your presentation shows almost that many every month . Same comment for the gas side .
Please reset my password . My SAP P# is P00509247 .
Beth Do a very short bullet presentation on the key focus for 2001 systems and leave lots of time for everyone to grill you ( I mean ask questions) .
Derek Davies
Yes dear
Yes dear
Isn't this our world . John
mid to late feb and 7 days
Close Monthly Basis Swap Daily Basis Swap Daily for Monthly Index Swap Fixed Price Physical Physical Index Fixed Price Swap
Isn't this our world . John
I'm interested in the Carrabean not just Jamaica but the primary focus is an upscale place that caters to young children .
mid to late feb and 7 days
Ken I was able to enjoy the basketball game last night in your seats . My family and I had a wonderful time . Thanks John Lavorato
no attachment
Someone internal is coming to look at it this weekend . I posted it at 15500 .
Greg Have a great time with the $100 Million Club Lavo and Dave
Fred Can you please take care of this . John
Seems like a fair trade
Kim make sure you brief me about this on Monday , John
Rich Some of the traders interviewed Key on Friday and unfortunately he didn't perform very well . I think we are going to have to pass on him . Thanks for the cooperation .
No I think Forster has me covered .
My vote is to kill it .
Chris Is it true that we get the info first from the AGA , Julie I'm looking into this .
Mark Still waiting for my car keys . In the package you can include the $11.25 you owe us for interesting movie you bought on the 3rd suite in the Lavorato household .
Kevin Has Dave called you on this or do I need to do something .
Dave I just realized that you do have "financial desk excluding futures" on report . Get rid of the other "financial desk" and when you aggregate it exclude the futures trades . Thanks
Kim Did you ever get hold of my accountant ?
Greg Have a great time with the $100 Million Club Lavo and Dave
Fred Can you please take care of this . John
Seems like a fair trade
Kim make sure you brief me about this on Monday , John
Dave give me a call . Some of the data looks odd . Also It seems that old reports still have Arnolds future contract included . John
No I think Forster has me covered .
My vote is to kill it .
Chris Is it true that we get the info first from the AGA , Julie I'm looking into this .
Bruce I had quite a crazy week . Give me a call the next time you are in town or if you are still in town . I would love to get together . John
Kevin Has Dave called you on this or do I need to do something .
Kim Did you ever get hold of my accountant ?
Giants +6 Tease Pitt +9 under 48 1/2 Seattle Pickm Phil +3 All 250 I have the balance at work .
green bay and chic under 39
green bay and chic under 39
current 6300
that was for chiefs and newengland . just to be clear .
Tammy Come and see me first thing . The gas section is way long and complicated .
current 6300
that was for chiefs and newengland . just to be clear .
I would like to request an additional 15 million var for gas . Prices have exploded and I'm working on it .
I don't know why this is coming up now and why we don't address this at year end in conjunction with the PRC process .
Mario
Mario
new england +2 1/2 jets +9 1/2 and over 40 1/2 tease as discussed .
I need trader performance by Var for everyone you have in the company by 8:00 AM tommorrow morning .
Let's grab another 15 minutes together before you do anymore work , John Tuesday may work - check with Kim Hilis .
NGX owes us a lot of money on Deceber 25th . Please send me an email when we receive it . Thanks John
Dave I think Overdyke is still working on the peaker insurance deal . He has Per on the road working on it . We probable should tell him that we don't have anymore unless New Albany is enough .
Book this deal very conservatively . ie . set the curve so you pay credit reserve but show no income . We will discuss in 2001 . John
That would be outsanding .
Dave I agree with all your points . There had to be a first time . I've been blowing Ted off because of the markets last week . Let's get together this week with Ted and discuss the future . Kim please set up meeting with Ox and Bland and me .
Anthony Thanks for the email , however , that was the last thing that I received . I think some credit intermediation would be helpful .
Print all these resumes for me .
Kim Please print all these resumes for me .
Can't seem to find this . John
Hickerson always claims that they have var by trader .
new england +2 1/2 jets +9 1/2 and over 40 1/2 tease as discussed .
Now that we sent the first blow , lets get everyone together to discuss our future steps . Next week is a nighmare but perhaps you could set up a conference call sometime Tuesday or Wednesday afternoon . Also , did Blakes definately drop us on this file or have they reconsidered .
Can set up a conference call with me and Remi Cologne in Brazil this week . Also , what happen to Manu .
Can you please print me 20 color copies of these reports just this week . I want to distribute them to me head traders .
vp ranking - call if I missed anyone . Allen - Superior Arnold - Strong Presto - Excellent Wolfe - Strong Sturm - Superior Neal - Excellent Martin- Excellent Swerzman- Superior Send me stuff on Wolfe's performance this year and where you would rank him . I need this for tomorrow .
That would be outsanding .
Charlene My gut tells me that some of these folks we are hiring don't fit that well with the current strategic direction of Enron ( Although I'm sure they are very high quality individuals) . If its not too late , I wonder if we should slightly scale back the number of Associates that we are attempting to hire . I'm not sure that Dave and I need that many individuals that are focused on International business . Regards John
Wes Can you tell me how many Enron entities are members of the AGA ( American Gas Association) . The fee is 100K and I think HPL is a member and not us . But I wonder if some of our other piplelines are members .
Vince where did this resume come from and is he still employed by the National Bank in Monteal .
Print all these resumes for me .
Kim Please print all these resumes for me .
Can't seem to find this . John
Hickerson always claims that they have var by trader .
Sheila Can take the current spreadsheet attached and add the origination prc resuslts under the proposed cash bonus categy . The vp commercial page is the only relevant page . Please send that back when your done .
sounds good tim
I have no interest in this person . John
The loss was due to rest of month Transco Zone 6 basis .
Kim Please let this person know to send you this e-mail not me .
I have no interest in these two employees .
Tim If at all possible I would like us to pass on talking publicly about this topic . John
Yes
sounds good tim
We lost 1/2 of the money on our west basis positions . We lost the other 1/2 on fixed price length .
I have no interest in this person . John
The loss was due to rest of month Transco Zone 6 basis .
Kim Please let this person know to send you this e-mail not me .
No
I have no interest in these two employees .
Yes
I take it back , I am familiar and I think you guys did a great job getting this done with them . This is a great first step in our ultimate goal .
For the seven names that were not on the spreadsheet . Can you fill in all info like the others for them including who they work for and get it back to me promtly . Thanks
I thought I was very clear that we are not publishing anything internally about California gas prices .
The pain will stop soon .
Through the course of the year 22 people have been identified by east power as the key to their real time group . No request will be granted on an emergency basis but will go through the usual process of getting facts and checking with me . Another thing is that I don't know why we are not doing these things in conjunction with PRC so late in the year .
Same a mid year I'm smarter than everyone else . Just in Case * Managed a Trading group that is up 2 Billion ( more if you included hits taken ) - probably not due to me . * Left a lot of money in Canada - some is still there . * Led the PPA deal - which I will resign and buy personally if you want to turn it back . * Created the Gas Fundamentals Group which every business unit is copying . * Came up with LTP which everybody hates but will fix our trader shortage in the future and every company is copying . * Trained many great young kids in Calgary that are now key players in Houston . * Created structure and communication around our system strategy - brought traders , IT , and back office together to create a plan that everyone has bought into . The future success is unclear but the exercise was very worthwhile . * Had very few VAR violations and helped improve our understanding and reporting of VAR . Completed mended the relationship between gas trading and the risk group . * Should get most credit for the increase in power trades on EOL and the continuation of the increase in Gas . * Turned the East Power group into a focused trading group not a think tank that bets on July-Aug power price - Still nowhere near completion . * Put a halt on the hiring of unqualified people - Have spent many hours devising a plan to bring in qualified - experience people . You will see this implemented in 2001 . * Experimented with the "Pay PRC" which I think was very successful . I think this will start our organization to think a little differently and hopefully in a way that will benefit us . * Possibly the best accomplishment is "Killing the Dragon" . I'm glad you made me write this list down because for the first time in months I realized that I was smiling while I was writing . Regards John
The pain will stop soon .
I wanted to thank you guys for all your support over the last painful week . Although I am definately not getting brave , I would like to request an extra 15 Million for gas for the next week . The price levels are making it hard to eliminate risk . I can give you my assurance that any increase in VAR day to day will come from price movement , not increase in position . Let me know John
Your the King .
Your the King .
You goated me into it , Here goes Minn -8 New Orleans -10 Denver -3 Jack -10 John I would like to sit with you a couple days this week if you'll let me . I'm very serious about covering you when your out in January . I would like to get a sense of what its like dealing with your EOL madness . Let me know .
Jeff Increase the amount we put into prudency for Friday to 130 Million .
Kim can you also invite Mike Roberts .
Kevin Can you get our new reports- ie . off peak prices and positions and heat rates put on the executive viewer . Thanks
giants -7 both 400
Despite my veto eBiz decided to publish something on California energy prices . I think Palmer overrulled me . He said that the article was harmless but I still think it is stupid for us to be writing articles about this . John
Jeff Increase the amount we put into prudency for Friday to 130 Million .
Kim can you also invite Mike Roberts .
Mark Can you tell me if this is a legal document . This is personal so only if you have 2 free minutes . Thanks John
giants -7 both 400
Kim Can you print these in color .
No interest
We can adjust the salary if he get promoted . Leave it for now .
Kim Can you print these in color .
Can we take one of your wonderchildren in fundementals and let them spend 1-2 hours a day on VAR . If yes , talk to Frank .
No interest
We can adjust the salary if he get promoted . Leave it for now .
Does EES still get to buy PC's for their employees' spouses . I guess we are paying for that too .
Did you notice emmissions trading made 6 Million this quarter . Glad we could help .
Kim Can you print me two copies in color . John
Lets grap 5 minutes on this John
These assumptions are correct for now .
Per Give me a call in January on this . John P.S . Happy Holidays .
FYI
Try to grab me today on this stuff . John Sally We need to talk about the 26th .
Rick Can we keep the current VAR until close of Business December 27th .
Did you notice emmissions trading made 6 Million this quarter . Glad we could help .
Thanks At the end of the term of each simulation do we assume that we close the position on that date and take a hit or do we leave the simulation with an open positon .
Kim Can you print me two copies in color . John
Lets grap 5 minutes on this John
These assumptions are correct for now .
Per Give me a call in January on this . John P.S . Happy Holidays .
FYI
Try to grab me today on this stuff . John Sally We need to talk about the 26th .
Rick Can we keep the current VAR until close of Business December 27th .
Please Print .
Please Print .
Patience is a virtue . East Power has hire several traders in a rush . There down in aggregate 15 Million . I have a very qualified individual coming in to interview in early January . I will put you on the schedule . Merry Christmas John
john I cant' seem to make my gambling problem go away .
john I cant' seem to make my gambling problem go away .
rams -3.5 wash -7 bears lions over 37 pats +4 vikings +5.5
those were all 250
rams -3.5 wash -7 bears lions over 37 pats +4 vikings +5.5
those were all 250
hey guys I know my limit goes done on Wednesday night . I saw some memo a while ago that said it goes to 70 until Jan 2 and then 60 . Is this correct or does is go to 60 immediately . John
thanks
thanks
I would like to do a phone interview and then I will bring him in if I like him . Send me a resume and then I'll set him up .
i talked to him last week and we are going to schedule something for next week .
its sounds like cats are no longer sleeping with dogs and the world is starting to make sense again .
How's that for VAR management .
I'm working on it .
john arnold if fixing
Thought you would find this funny .
How's that for VAR management .
I'm working on it .
john arnold if fixing
Thought you would find this funny .
I wonder if we should give a special pay to Kim and Kay almost as an overtime payment . They both work about 12 hours a day . John
tease colts +4 under 48 250 tease colts +4 over 36 250
tease colts +4 under 48 250 tease colts +4 over 36 250
Almost pulled off the 4 tease yesterday . I was robbed
Almost pulled off the 4 tease yesterday . I was robbed
Fred First of all I'm going to kill you . Belfor asked me to advise him on his portfolio . I'll do it once . I have a call with him on Tuesday at 2:00 . Can you meet me Tuesday morning with all the deals they have with us . Regards John P.S . I'll never call one of your customers again .
current including tb -500 equals 4170
When you sober up give me a call .
Can send me Tim's home adress and wife's name .
Comp
Do we need to talk about VP and MD nominations .
current including tb -500 equals 4170
When you sober up give me a call .
Can send me Tim's home adress and wife's name .
Comp
Janet Communication is always a problem around here . I have no problem with you having access to all pricing reports and origination schedules .
Do we need to talk about VP and MD nominations .
Probably a fraud get the id #'s !
yes I have a time on Sunday and the rates are down to 95 at the Houstonian . Let me know .
Call me on Saturday 713-661-6096
I figured you were bored so I did a Cole trade .
Greg Don't forget to ask some option questions .
Call me on Saturday 713-661-6096
I figured you were bored so I did a Cole trade .
Chris you set up a meeting with me next week to talk about the structure of the 2001 DPR .
Greg Don't forget to ask some option questions .
current 4570 all 200
current 5170
current 5170
i didn't see 80 million of p/l on Friday . Did we book the deal ?
I will not accept Amerex having the ability to execute over the phone . Take this out of the deal or kill the deal . John
Rob Give me a call sometime about this trade .
I have no interest . Thanks
i didn't see 80 million of p/l on Friday . Did we book the deal ?
Rob Give me a call sometime about this trade .
I have no interest . Thanks
I want all the extra VAR you can give me for the next few weeks . Please let me know if and how much that is . Regards John
I'm a strong yes on these issues .
So I didn't violate yesterday .
Bob keeps trying to stack and roll his date for leaving . Don't let him . John
Mike I'm coming down this week . We'll talk about it then . John
I'm a strong yes on these issues .
So I didn't violate yesterday .
Mike I'm coming down this week . We'll talk about it then . John
At some point when you less busy , I would like you to look into one of the Compressor service deals .
John said yes - call me if you have questions .
Please move the names_jlavora.nsf and jorunal_jlavora.nsf files to the appropriate locations on his mail server ( nahou-lnmai16) . You can either hit me on the Nextel ( 56517 ) or page me ( 713-327-9348 ) when this is ready , so I can complete his iPAQ installation . Thanks -Mike Hernandez
yes I will follow up .
Quick someone call Owen .
yes I will follow up .
Quick someone call Owen .
I'm getting closer . Can you resend me the initial memo .
I just read this email now . It might be too late .
I'm getting closer . Can you resend me the initial memo .
current 5110 big one coming on the superbowl .
check with Oxley
I just read this email now . It might be too late .
current 5110 big one coming on the superbowl .
check with Oxley
Good Job Does EES have any exposure .
Add Wes to these notes . Thanks John
Kelly Unfortunately Enron moved me to Houston . I will not be able to participate in Enviros this year . Regards John Lavorato
I've got my financing covered . Cash and Enron . However I did enjoy the Regards
If we post Canada Power , post Canada Gas .
It's fine . We don't need to meet .
Contact Rob Milnthorp and tell him that I strongly recommend that he give a donation . Also , Rob might be a great addition to your team . John
Good Job Does EES have any exposure . William S Bradford@ECT 01/17/2001 08:11 AM To: Rick Buy/HOU/ECT@ECT , John J Lavorato/Corp/Enron@Enron cc: Jason R Williams/NA/Enron@ENRON , Brant Reves/HOU/ECT@ECT , Tanya Rohauer/HOU/ECT@ECT , Rod Nelson/LON/ECT@ECT Subject: Imperial Holly Corporation We actually forced Craig Breslau and Fred Lagrasta to unwind an unapproved one year trade with their subsidiary Savannah Foods in April 2000 . In hindsight , it appears to be quite a good call . Bill
Add Wes to these notes . Thanks John
no
I've got my financing covered . Cash and Enron . However I did enjoy the e-mail . Regards
If we post Canada Power , post Canada Gas .
It's fine . We don't need to meet .
This is what we executed yesterday ,
This is what we executed yesterday ,
That's why we love you .
Don't change correlations until we discuss .
That's why we love you .
Don't change correlations until we discuss .
Billy We need to hedge funds .
Billy We need to hedge funds .
Orlando On Ed Graham . I pushed the issue with Cliff and Kevin Hannon . Kevin , Cliff and Jeff Donanue ( current head of M&A for Broadband ) met on the issue after I talked to them . They have decided to give him 6 months to perform or he will be let go . His bonus for 2000 will be 0 . I know you wanted a different outcome but this is the best I could do . John
Were not hiring him
Were not hiring him
Rebecca The South American's did't get me the data in time for you meeting with Skilling . However , I'm still working on it . Also , Kiskill and Orlando are coming next week so I'll get deep into the Electro stuff then . Regards John P.S . How are you making out on our paintings ?
You and Chris already have your own room . That was an old memo . P.S . We have always known that you didn't play well with others .
Jeff I went home today sick . But I'll try in the future .
Set up a time with Mike .
Try Ed McMichael and Barry Tycholiz
Allow I signed the stuff you sent me . I really stopped being an Enron Employee early last year . John
Email me a resume and your career goals .
Dave Thanks What happened to the new trader graphs .
Come up to my office on 33 and I'll give you the keys to check it out . John
David What's up with Manu . Janet keeps sending me e-mails threatening my life if I don't get an option trader .
When I meet with Orlando and Joe on Thursday , see if Rebecca McDonald can be present .
Rob What's the deal on Deregulation in Ontario .
Ed I think Dave talked to you about this deal . Can you get on my schedule tommorow to discuss the process for all these deals . John
I wasn't aware of schedule B . What is it .
Kim Can you print this stuff for me .
My question is where do I find the graphs .
I booked a flight on Continental to San Francisco . March 15th - Thursday - I arrive at 4:47 . March 18th - Sunday - I arrive back in Houston at 6:05 I think Tych is already in California . If we can all get there at similar times we can get in our Cadillac and go .
Wes It's groundhog day again . How many times are we going to have this discussion . Give them the cost if they want the drift .
talk to Don on the EES stuff
Dave have we moved research , legal etc . to report directly into Greg and Mark . John
Goal : Fun in 2001
No Problem
Final 3360 Hurry up - already bought the watch .
JEAN WHY ARE WE STILL SLEEVING DEALS FOR BRIDGELINE . UNLESS WE ARE GETTING COMPENSATED FOR THIS I DON'T WANT TO DO IT .
no
Kim Can you set up the meeting with my people that John Sherriff requires .
yes
no
Kim Print this guys resume and then hand it to me .
Send me a cleaner summary of your curve on 1/17/200 . All I want is a the curve by year - peak/off peak and total .
Dave I feel like I keep tasking you . I've only got a couple of weeks . Can you send Orlando and Joe a list of Outsourcing deals that we've done and the key contact person that they can talk to about the structures . Thanks John
Steve looks ok . Although I always thought I built Canada . I guess not eh .
kIM PRINT THIS STUFF AND MAKE IT A HIGH PRIORITY FOR ME TODAY, .
I've only received one response to my inquiries into projects for Coleen . John
You need to arrage this yourself . The key is that the top companies on this list who don't trade with us neeed to .
President and Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas 1400 Smith Street Houston , TX
I don't care as long as I see them
pRINT
Or did he leave me with the 2 Billion budget to get a 30 Million Budget .
Thanks Does Louise get to review me next year too .
Can we sell them Pastoria or do we have to sell them the power from us .
this one is from john - and should say from john
Hey Have you spoke to any of my folks yet ? If so what do you think . John
Greg How about you being the Portland General risk manager . My plate is full .
Thanks for the update . Come and see me Tuesday , I ned some help on South America . John
John I don't see Maggie's line on the P/L
Tim Give me a call on this I don't understand . John
Dave I'm not sure Milly can escape this . John
We absolutely should do this . We shouldn't necessarily not get paid . There are many different type of outsourcing structures that we have used . Brooklyn Union Peoples - Laura Luce My experience have been only positive when we have been able to get very close with a customer . Money will show up . However , if we do operations/accounting stuff for them we should get paid .
Your employees will be upset to leave Canterra .
Hunter Did you know that the Extrinsic value of the Northern Border Trasport from Ventura to Chicago has increase from 4.7 Million to 7 Million over two months .
I would love to play 4 or 5 games . Just got back into town . John Lavorato
Greg Why is EES's var being put in my 60 Million limit .
Christina and Joe Congrats . I'm very happy for you guys . We have been out of touch for way too long . John
Stacey Assuming this P/L is going to stay at 0 , get the line item off the DPR .
Chris Presto got some info the Calpine got a great price on their power sale to California . Are we negotiating with California and will they agree to credit terms that we like . It seems like we are going to sell to someone who is going to sell the California . If this is true we should evaluate the margin vs the credit and legal risks .
Print them out I will do them by hand .
Tim I still don't see and origination line on the reports . Give me a call because I really want this to happen . John
Thanks Peter Hey did Mungo or Mongo are whatever the hell it is buy my house .
We need to talk for like 20 hours . Let's schedule some time .
What happened with Arcor .
Where are you ? I hear your already living the new life . Sick last week . Vacation this week . Buying land in Colorado next week ?
You were supposed to pair me down at the top not the bottom
So I knew that you were going make some money last week off my positions but wow . Just Kidding
Sounds great
Dave I think we are going to go back to the original Pebble Plan . The 8th to the 11th . Tych and Calger are O.K . with this . There is a small chance that I will have to cancel or come back Saturday night but what the hell . Let me know if you can do this and we will all attempt to arrange transportation . John P.S . Sorry for the confusion .
Your continuing to kill me . Is that how you spell continuing .
Although I haven't heard from Dave I'm trying to change my flights to March 8 - 11 .
Can't make it . Thanks anyway .
Paul Fornataro
Congrats Please put a plan together for me . John
Yes
Rob I'm very pleased about Petro . Can send me the e-mail with the details . I will forward it to the really big kids down here for you .
yes
Can the full Day end at 7 .
I'll work up some paper . John
Talk to Louise
I told you that Pope and Milly wouldn't last .
Please get someone to deal with this .
Derek Your in on Pebble if you want .
I guess I must stop calling you master Dorland .
The east power traders have agreed to post their two ways on EOL for EES . Janet , you might want to help speed up the administrative process . It should be minimal effort .
Do we need any help on the Ontario front from Lay or Skilling . Given the size of the stakes , I could definately justify their time .
Your Pan Nat summary was not clear enough to pass on to my supervisors . Can you simplify it a little more . Thanks
So are you in or out .
oh god is there an agenda . Would dinner Thursday work instead .
Your buddy Beau invited me . How about prior to that or after that on Tuesday .
Chris Set up a time to go through Pastoria with me .
Rob is the deal actually signed .
Set me up
I look forward to the updated supply demand analysis . John
Done
NO but we need to solve this quick because a lot divided by three is more than a lot divided by four . Another math tip from Lavo
Rob I'm going to get on Ken Lay's schedule in the next couple of days(assuming he'll let me) . I'll ask him his advice about our deregulation strategy in general and talk to him about his visit . I'm concerned that hoards of people from Houston will show up and that it will be a cluster . Can you send me an email with some key facts about our deals - p/l impact of opening and the market in genereal . Also the history of dereg and the dates they have missed and why for my Ken meeting . Write it in bullet point format and quite summarized .
I working on it . Scott Tholan reports to Greg Whalley . I got the rest covered .
It's more related to the size of this transaction and the fact that the transport model apparently doesn't calc var . I have no fundamental concerns but this one hit me from left field . On our other issue , I working on getting something in front of you this week .
Bob , Please increase Kim Hillis' ( my assistant ) email file . Kim often receives mail files on my behalf and needs the additional space to receive this mail .
Chris On the California deal . Can we possibly get the right to kill the deal 6 months from now if they do not get some credit support . We may not exercise the option anyway , however , it would be nice to have especially if you could get it for free . John .
Maybe you can have a diesal position . If you can justify it to me and Rick Buy . Talk to Shankman and see who in his organization runs that product .
I need you to leave me alone for a week .
Kim can you set up a phone interview with this guy next week .
No
I would like to talk about Dana . Can you a Oxley recommend a contract to me . Do not mention it to Dana .
There seems some confusion about the "AMPS" project . This project continues to be an Enron North America project .
Where's my index .
Here goes Tych owes Wes 180 Ox owes Wes 40 Ox owes me 40 Dave owes me 70
This could be very dangerous . OPG controls all the megawatts . They could set the price high and we wouldn't have the ability to do anything about it . If you could use British energy and get some deal done with OPG to hedge us maybe we would for a few months .
IGNORE FRANK . I DON'T WANT YOU GUYS TRADING POWER RIGHT NOW BUT THAT MIGHT CHANGE SOON .
Put this in my central desk binder - gas .
This goes in the second coverless binder we created . Get you not me on the distribution list .
Dave That sounds reasonable , however , I am looking at taking a different tract ( ie . going without orders and being a merchant company rather than an engineering company) . This has several issues especially capital but we are evaluating it over the next 2 weeks . I will keep you posted . PS That's the longest email I've ever written .
Kim Same deal as the legal memo stuff .
Take the gloves off .
Tim - It doesn't need to hit the dpr . - Mike's job is not to respond to rfp's - If this isn't working then it means that there wouldn't have been agreement over money at the end of year - which is another problem - Finally , I could of paid Mike half of what I paid him and he would still be sitting in his seat . He needs to figure out a way to be a team player and build the business . We're not trying to build Stat Oil here . - If we don't reward our originators properly , we won't have any . Having said all that . If your marketers want to go back to the old system and risk getting underpaid , maybe that's the best answer . Call me .
Print and put in my inbox .
Is the paper done ? Still don't know what project Maple Leaf is .
john lavorato 6437 Mercer St . Houston TX Work 713-853-7991
Are we missing one .
Wayne If Michael Moutlon wishes to pay for this I'm O.K . with it . The memory business was never sponsored by North America . Please get Michael to send me an e-mail acknowleding that he well pay . Thanks John
You don't need Presto . It's administrative and has nothing to do with him .
I thought Eric was gas . Depending on the cost profile we would probably still do this . The question is do you buy options on sites , buy sites , and whether or not you pursue permits .
Sounds fine . I haven't seen the latest agenda for Ken .
Louise I'm in Toronto with Lay on April 4th . You should attempt to go to this . John
Dave Can you follow up on this .
They forgot one .
ya
I agree - having some trouble because dave wants ees on your floor giving you no room to grow and I'm fighting that . Anyhow - soon .
We don't need the currency or mmbtu/gj conversion language if Gas Daily agrees to what we want .
Dave When is the Gas Daily meeting . I would like to attend . I think I could help with the pitch .
Pete You might want to spend more time on Cuiaba . I assume your aware that we are putting all aspects of the project into the accrual bucket including the stuff we once marked . John
Print and put in my inbox
Print and put in my inbox
I'm in Brazil returning that night . You can decide if you can reschedule or not . John sent me the index . Get him to send it to you .
Tammy Check into this . If these were index trades they should be in our physical volumes not financial .
I mentioned it to Jeff breifly and I will re-mention it on the plane . I think it is higher than 67 Million . Kent Castleman knows the details . John
Wes I'm away Monday and Tuesday in Brazil . I thought I would give you things that I'm waiting on or that we should meet about next week . 1 . Your group was going to give back the assets/balance sheet stuff in 3 formats . 2 . On South America - Lot's of stuff but we'll talk when I get back . Most importantly that I get an income statement that looks like North America . - They did a trade with me that's up 8 Million for them . This is fine but the negative p/l was not showing up in N.A . The positive p/l was showing up in South America . ( We should make sure this trade does not get cash settled . The last thing I want is Cash going to S.A . on an internal trade . 3 . Cross Commodity Book . - I have 1.9 Million of losses that were last year that they found in January . Put this in the TBG line and change the line name to Other .  In the Footnotes we will explain all others . I'm sure there is a million things to come . 4 . We also need to improve the footnotes section you gave to me . 5 . I've set up a meeting with you,me,Deffner and Louise on this 15% capital charge . We should come up with another methodology . That's all I can think of now . John
Has an agreement been reached between South America and North America on the Turbine . Or is North America waiting for final approval of its power plant
What happened to Dona Francisca .
Mark You still own me you expected values for Pan Nat .
I've allowed one person to enter Enron America into Jacoby's group from Broadband . We need to be very selective because Broadband and EES will have people who will be put into redeployment . I expect Louise or I to approve any employee who enters Enron America . I will accept no exuses if someone slips in .
Milly This looks good especially if you get Harris . What do they want me to be part of if anything . I was assuming the Breakfast and the Lunch and hopefully the meeting with Harris . Can you let me know so I can set up my schedule . I would like to go see the Toronto office and also get some personal time in . Thanks John
Can you get me Julie's presentation . I'm in Toronto on April 4th and may be able to come to N.Y . However I would want to know how many meeting you would want me to attend and the message you would want sent if any . Unfortunately , my time is unbelievably tight . I can't assure you yet that I can make it , but I would like to try .
Wes With respect to the PPA reserve . We need to adjust the USD reserved based on the currency . We decided not to hedge the currency when we took the reserve . Its hard to make an objective decision on whether this is correct or not . However , the currency was 1.5 CAD to 1 USD when we did it and now 1.565 CAD to 1 USD so the reserve would be 287.5 USD not 300 . We should just adjust this weekly or monthly .
Dave I thought we were hiring 1 person from EBS not two . William Abler was ranked as a strong director . I will agree , but I hope the quality is as high as you think . We are going to get tones of resumes from EES and EBS , if your going to blow all you bullets upfront , make sure your getting great people .
Some guy at Duke told Mark Frevert today that on March 15th , Duke won a court ruling saying that they expanded the scope of the PanNat Arbitration . True ?
Mark We get a much different story from our appointed arbitrator for PAN NAT . Although the main arbitrator did not do exactly what we wanted he had strong words to Duke that they had no support for their position . We would like to ignore their pleas to settle because they have been making very unreasonable settlement offers . As we understand it arbitration starts July 1 . I'll talk to you more next week . If you want an update prior call Richard Sanders . John
As you would say . There is good news and bad news . The good - we got the dining room chair . The bad - it was an end/arm chair not a side chair . Specifically it has two arms but the chair that broke has no arms . Good Luck John
test
EES and EBS are going to cut commercial staff as well as non-commercial .
Possibly April 5th Morning and Lunch , leaving sometime late afternoon to Houston .
Kim Print Julie's report for me .
Kim Besides my chair - here is a list of stuff to chase down while I'm away . Principal investing Miller owes me a hi - lo valuation of his investments and a meeting alone with him . I thought that was going to be last week . Set up the meeting for this week . Set up the Oxley - Louise meeting is Friday moring , I need some time to prepare for it . Car Phone House Computer
I met with Shea in Houston . Didn't broach the issue on working in Canada for us . He always puts on a good face about TC but I'm not sure he loves it . Until recently I was happy with Lambie . Call me . We should think about it .
I would love to meet with you and I'm sure Louise would too . I would also like to take you to dinner . Let me know .
Is this because you are focusing all you attention on the Diversity Committee. ?
Boy does this sound like something that would get fucked up . Start with Paul Devries in Toronto and let me know what happens . I didn't even know it was closing .
I was in S.A . until this morning . I need sleep tonight . We'll get it done .
I didn't get it and I still don't have it . Just in case . Lavorato@enron.com
Greg I'm getting a million e-mails from my people about these committees . The next time someone puts a bunch of my people on committees , do you think someone could seek my input .
I was all set to send the press release to my mother and then I saw Louise's name .
WE seem to be missing Matt Motley in Portland
Is the Geresul contract done .
Has Ken Lay received a breifing binder yet ? Can I get a copy soon ? Thanks John
I keep hearing that we will resolve the tape issue soon . Can we go over to the broker's office and listen to the tapes .
I'm I still banned from Hockey pools because I always win ?
Thank God math pays more than grammer .
If I can't participate , can I bet on how many times everyone yells at Squid about taking too much time .
wow !
Keeping to my reputation , I'll keep this brief . You guys owe me 275 each for Pebble . Since I owe Chris 310 for a flight and keeping it as easy as possible for me . Dirk pays Chris 45 Dirk pays me 230 Thanks
After a great deal of work the Canadian team has renewed our outsourcing arrangement with PetroCanada for another 5 years . This was a great accomplishment for Enron Canada . The Logistics , Accounting and Commercial execution over the last 3 and 1/2 years played a key role in extending this deal . John
ya
We're in .
Were you a guest speaker ?
blow me
Thanks for your help on this .
Hi John I think we should kill the concept of cross calibrating analysts and associates accross business units . I think this is a waste of time . We can include them in our business unit PRC's for Managers and Directors . Any comments .
When are you and Laura coming down for a Golf game .
I'm in if I can pick Mario more than once .
Neil I got the resumes . Come and see me .
Rob You simply can't negotiate on a choice market . Are your owed past fees for management ? Let me know . I don't run industrial markets and Greg would have to settle this dispute . You would lose .
Who sais choice markets don't work . Yours at 11 Million ( Papier Massion) .
do you people have jobs ?
Do not book anything related to Arcor until I say so .
john have you sold anymore
It's up to you but I might sell a little more 03-10
Recession , What Recession . Barton Creek was full the weekend of the 20th and 21st . Dorie managed to get me a room . However , the Golf times were non existant so I figured I would play it by ear and try to book later . If you and Donna want to join us feel free . The next weekend the 27th and 28th is the weekend that I may go to Vegas . I may also stay and play lots of Golf here . Let me know your thoughts .
John Greg has been looking into Portland's commodity position . Apparently they are slightly long .
Kim Print this out for my trip .
Chris You should meet with Louise . She is focused on the Power Business . I will sit in if I'm available .
Peggy I may be in Vegas that weekend . I'll let you know it that changes .
Liquidity feeds on itself . PJM Cinergy and Entergy were not liquid until we made them liquid .
Andy With respect to North America , Dick Lydecker is liquidating most of the raptor assets . I think he is doing a great job and showing a great deal of integrity in trying to get the best deal for Enron . Let me know if you disagree . John
let's stay away
I couldn't meet with Joon due to PG&E on Friday . His resume looks good and assuming everyone else likes him , we should hire him . I assume that this is for associate or is it for associate in the trading tract . Let me know . Make sure we get a 3 month evergreen non compete .
Looks Good Make sure they execute .
Just let me know how I can help .
This is clearly an Associate . He just left business school didn't he .
so did I . Are we going to make him rotate . He should probably rotate for 6 to 12 months .
Leave for Vegas Thursday Afternoon , April 26th . Come Back Sunday April 29th .
Ben I need you to sell the Canadian Turbines . Call me .
My Picks ( Lav ) Elias nj sakic col forsberg col modano dall
get a job
Ben They haven't sold them for a year . I think that we can wait until you get back .
Jim Of course I agree . Not playing any hockey and it's killing me . Hopefully I'll see you next time . John
it wasn't outrageous . Call me if he is interested and we will talk about dollars . Because he will be a VP candidate he will have to interview in Houston .
Peg Might be going to Vegas the weekend of the 28th . I'll let you know . John
Sorry I didn't realize it was Good Friday . I took the day off . Let's hook up in the next couple of weeks .
There seems to be a lot of folks at Enron involved with Sithe . Currently Donahue and Detmering are the most senior people negotiating with them . Start with them and ask who should we contact and who should do it from our side . Let me know if you need me to call . John
ok on both . Please get Robert to sign a 3 month evergreen non compete .
Clay How did you calc the w2 amount of 487,856 . I assume this is the portion of the stock option exerecise that occured after I moved . If so can I get the calculation for my records . John
Dave Are you back in town on Monday . We have a dinner re . the Houston Open . I'm not sure I can make it because my folks are in town . Let me know .
sounds good
I take back my dog comment . john
I need driving lessons .
Ben What bid would you show me to take the price risk and capital charge on these units . John
On separate sheets .
If he shows up for work again can you get him to call me .
How about Mezaluna ?
How many groups does Don have ?
Unfortunately I can't make it .
wow
Can you look into this . Don't waste too much time on it .
I would like to thank everyone for taking the time to interview Greg Shea . I've known Greg for a long time and tried to hire him on several occasions . Jon McKay has indicated that he would like to return to Houston for personal reasons later this year and we will need more senior talent in Calgary . John
no
Your going to be upset but we are playing Desert Inn on Friday . Saturday TPC Canyons and some course on Sunday Morning . Corporate jet home on Sunday Afternoon . Call Me . Oxley is coming to round out our Foursome . You and Ox need to sort out rooms .
Dave Oxley is coming . Me you and Ox on Friday . Tych joins us on Friday . The golf reservations are below . Me and you share rooms at the Bellaggio and Tych and Ox need to sort their rooms out . We'll leave anytime you want on Thursday afternoon . Earlier the better of course . John
Tych told me Lucci was done . Hunter told me that Lewis was done . Witt implies to me he was done .
Greg Our Copel shares are falling in value . We have never marked this investment even though it is public . We currently own ADR's - ELP is the ticker . We are restricted ( i think ) in selling until July . At the current price we would lose 15 to 30 Million .
Rob Update me on NGX , employee contracts and our turbines . Also , whats are plan on Ontario . Do certain employees need to be changed . ( ie reg ) Thanks John
Any thoughts on Greg Shea .
When I win , just send me the difference .
Also need storage balances and the daily flows for everyday over the last 12 months .
What is this ?
John Aronld was curious about the outsourcing deals we were pursuing . Could you please update him on the deals we are getting close on . John
Joe Greg Whalley wants to know about all our current dealing with Petrobras . Please e-mail him something today . Thanks John
Rick Rob Milnthorp have been discussing whether we want to look for a new regulatory person in Toronto . We are leaning towards starting with a new face . Give me a call to discuss . John
Tim You will get stopped out . I talked to David Port today because last year we spent a lot of time cleaning up gas var and now we must spend the time fixing power var . However , until its fixed I have no choice but to use the reported numbers .
WES Can you call Milly and explain the facts of life to him
I don't want to talk to you . Talk to Tim and Kevin .
Dave This is the format I want . Can you have someone check the data and then print and deliver a color copy to me and Louise today . And then update it every week over the next month as we try to finish this process .
Great!!! !
Stan Please read the attachments . He has met with several people on the Executive Committee . I just want to proceed before the meeting next monday . Let me know . John
Are you guys okay with this .
Along with all the questions that Louise asked , can I please see the resume .
Ask Milnthorp
I remember that we talked about him . Can you please give me a call .
Working you .
Linda Is was nice meeting you at the pro-am . I hope you had as much fun as I did . Can you pass my phone number and email address to Rob Davis . John Lavorato Thanks
First , congrats on buying a great house for free . Need to put up a fence in the back because Bob is a pain and somehow convinced me to take done the fence . We never did figure out the combo for the back door . john
How about friday afternoon .
please add the average for the month in the previous year
first i heard about this .
love dceg
Let's just leave the prudency stuff unhedged for now .
Mark Make sure you are allocating these expenses to EES .
Cliff Good luck and more importantly , have fun!! ! Thanks again for bringing me down here to compete with the big dogs . I think I've survived so far .
Dave I changed it slightly so I could sleep at night . The top line is just a little joke from me to you . Let me know .
no
We have been assigned 24 new Associates , 26 new Anaysts , 8 summer Associates and 8 summer Analysts from the incoming class . Please let me know your needs with respect to numbers . Louise and I will then decide if we agree and then we will create a process to pick from the ones we have assigned to us . I'm assuming that Calgary , Toronto and Portland have done their own thing and don't need any of these people ( let me know if this is incorrect) . If you received this and you report to someone else on this list ( ie . you don't report to the office of the chair ) please cooridinate your needs with your supervisor . Please respond prompty , John
Hello everyone . In December we decided to kill our planned offsite due to market volatility . Louise and I would like to get everyone together offsite , probably in late June ( once Louise is back from holiday ( just kidding)) . I think it's time to go have a little fun with the group driving Enron's success . I would like suggestions as to: 1 ) Where to go . 2 ) What should be the focus of the business meetings . 3 ) Should we have business meetings or should we do something else ( ie . climb a mountain) ? I'm not a strong bid on climbing a mountain . 4 ) And any other ideas you have . In addition I would like to start having staff meetings about once a month . The first one will be Friday May 11th at 2:30 p.m . Please add this to your schedule . I have invited everyone who has P/L responsibility . Portland , Calgary and Toronto will have to be on Video or Phone conference . Regards John
We were thinking of having another interview session for the Trading Tract later this month . I've been screening outside resumes but internally we haven't received many suggestions from each of you about other people already at Enron . If you think anyone could qualify send the name to Karen Buckley . If we don't have enough candidates , we will wait until the new analysts and associates arrive and do a session then .
Seemed to want to trade equities .
Yes - Sorry
ok I've added them , forward the email's for me .
It would be helpful to our corporation if you would try to hire some of your staff from places other than Enron North America . Thanks John
do you have an extra raquet
PLEASE PRINT THIS FOR ME . I'LL NEVER BE ABLE TO PRINT .
Phil Are we allowed to attend ? Can we send an Analyst ?
I asked everyone for their A/A needs and received very little feedback . Please respond promptly . Thanks John
Please let Kim Hillis ( my assistant ) know about all the EES meetings planned for this week . I'm going to try to attend .
Can I get an updated contract status report .
if he is the wellhead book
yes
Hi We are getting in several anylysts and associates ( new hires ) in the next few months . We also have interns coming for summer only . Do you need any . Can you use interns or does the training out weigh the benefits . John
I just need numbers .
Dave I booked a time for 7:30 on Sunday . I can't play because its mothers day and I would get killed . Use the time if you want or get Kay to cancel it .
YOUR CALL , JUST DO IT QUICK
Did you blow up my South America Deal Yet .
I'm prettry pumped about losing 13
Wes is going to tell me in the morning if he is coming with us to Steel Town . go mario
Joe I once again asked about the committee . I think Skilling , Delainey and Kean set up the committee and I'm told that there are going to be no changes . You and I will need to go over your Vice Presidents prior to the meeting . John
Can I get that PRC list from you when its on one page .
I told Miller that you and him should sit down and discuss the PPA .
yes
Take a two week vacation!! !
Let's make sure that Presto , Tycholiz , Whitt , Lucci , Kerigan , and Proffit are either signed or will never sign by the end of this month .
NO
I thought Rogers signed a long time ago but check with Oxley
YES
YOU CAN PICK
This is pretty sensitive stuff . We should talk about whether we need to distribute it at all and if so who should get it . I have no ideal why Heizenrader is getting it .
Can we get more critical mass . Our Portland guys , ie Wolfe , might have some Montana counterparts .
I would offer him the initial contract assuming its what I think it is . I know that we have base salary issues that we would have to deal with . I basically told everyone to drop it when Mike proposed his numbers . Again , the offer to you and him were not meant to be insulting but meant to offer something a year early as we did with a handful of other folks . We naively thought that these would be accepted quickly . For everyone else that got offered a re-up a year early , they did exactlty that . Let me know if you want to discuss it further .
What's up Ross . To your questions: Yes to Houston Yes to Enron Almost to running the company although I'm thinking about demoting myself ( I miss trading) . Married , one child , 2 1/2 Michael . Give me a call if your in Houston and we'll have a few drinks . John Lavorato President and Chief Executive Officer Enron Americas
From the Gas and Power side , we wouldn't need any traders in Montreal , but perhaps some marketers . Paul Devries in Toronto runs our Eastern Canada operation if you would like to talk to him . John
I'm confused by this one . Who in ENA is bidding this stuff and did we know about the balancing .
20 Million ! !!!! ! Is this back money or forward money . Why did the volumes change so much .
We should have room on 6 . Check and see if Arnold has redone the floor plan . You need to keep this away from Fred's group . I would suggest locating near Gas Structuring . Ed McMichael , the head of gas structuring can be a big help .
Accounting lists the high prob . q2 deals for my budget meeting with Whalley . Currently you have one deal on it that is DWR and it says 10 Million . Could you please make sure the commication with Accounting is taking place . John
Brett Have you heard of a deal called Camargo Correa . Its listed as a high probability deal for q2 with 8.4 Million of Origination .
I'm talking to Dave about Hughes reporting to Sally . They don't need to even check the bill . They can have a customer service group and if the customer calls the customer service group can deal with our guys . JOHN
FYI
I ask again . Who in ENA did the deal .
Hello Everyone . AEP has been very cooperative with us when we have posted numbers in error on EOL . Please extend them back the favor if an issue comes up on their side . Also please e-mail me if an issue comes up . Thanks John
wow
Where are we at with the contracts for this month .
It would be helpful to have the cases below 50 .
I'm not sure that we have enough candidates to bother .
I don't want mark to market I want accrual .
Thanks Aint Technology great .
I understand you owe Jean 1.25 Million this week . Please make sure it's paid .
Just use mids on the day they were pulled .
Management sucks .
I'm definately not going to support you on this . Just Kidding
Call me about the dynegy thing I have an idea .
Have we sold any Copel shares yet . Have you told Hickerson to sell .
Rob and John We sorted out NGX today . Our Data will be ready by the end of June for them to start including it on July 1st . The 7 day settlement issue is another whole issue .
On Wednesday we will be having a mini Trading Track interview session . The quality may not resemble the first session we had but I thought it would be worth it if we can find a couple more folks to put in the program . We will probably have a much bigger one later in the year after the new analysts and associates join . I had a couple of observations from last time . 1 . I think we were too hard on external candidates . There are 5 or 6 external candidates . Remember that they don't have the Enron grounding that the internal candidates have . Most of them are not in the Gas or Electricity industry . Try to evaluate them on their intrinsic qualities . 2 . Some people have not thought about trading concepts and are unfamiliar with trading lingo . That doesn't mean that they will not be good traders one day . I think we were a little biased based on someones ability to run a stack tommorrow . Regards John
This week or next week .
This is bizzare . Global Markets promised Jean this money and won't seem to write her a check . It was also a low number relative to what was created for GM . John
I don't need to see him .
Rick I would like to make the temperary VAR permanent . I would give most to gas and some to power . I feel like its the best place in the company for it . Please let me know . John
There should be an appetite for increasing overall risk at Enron .
Delainey and I started initial discussions reguarding EES and the customers and products they plan to market . These were initial discussions . Dave is writing something up to send to me . Before I agree on anything I will talk to all of you . Some of the meeting that are happening may be a little premature . John
I'm getting really really tired . If the company's intent is for me to just run a trading operation let me know .
Kevin I'm meeting with Dick and Mike at 9 and 10 this morning . I'll let yoy know if there are any problems .
1 . How much is Reuters paying us . 2 . What is you decorators number .
good
This person hasn't found a violation in a year . I find that hard to believe .
I wish I could help .
My thoughts are the same . You should stay in Canterra . We can squeeze way more desks on that floor and I'm sure you can boot someone out below or above over the next couple of years . Given the experience with the walls I would stick to your day job .
Just talked to Shapiro . He wants Lay , Alex and me in the meeting . I of course was fighting Alex . I'm okay with Lay meeting other people while he is in town . Shapiro said he would get Alex working on the talking points . You and Devries should spend time on them before they come to me .
not that I know of .
Great!! !
Is this in Nevis ?
Call me on this .
Fun Fun Fun
This 250K came from about 3 MW .
i'm not sure
If we didn't sell any ELP shares over 7 yet I'm taking over the execution .
Done 7:20 at the Houstonian . See you there .
I thought you would find this funny .
Hi my name is Joooohhhn Lavorato from Tarona Canada . How the hell are you guys ? Where the hell are you guys ? Call me , I'm still an Enron hack .
Can you guys please have all your curves set by 3:00 Calgary Time . As well as Kathy , a lot of Houston bookrunners are having late hours due to the lack of discipline in setting Canadian curves . Thanks John
Greg do you agree with the notes below . John
I think we are going to pass .
No one needed for the PRC . Jaime Williams and Steve Irwin are co leads .
Wait until Louise gets back . These should not be big . ie 50 and 125 at most . I'm not even sure that Irvine is the right guy in the end .
If the gas isn't going into Jackson , where is it going .
I guess they have signed quite a few deals .
rock on
just so you know . I've talked to zufferli , cowan and lambie this week . I'm working on it .
Joe First of all - blow me . Second , my wife is expecting in early November so I might be able to slip away in September . I would vote for anything that would require one flight from Houston . I'm sure Rich would agree . ie . Timmins would be tough . I would love to join you all and get mocked for an entire weekend . or Lavo as the hacks down here call me .
I put it on my schedule for July 10th . Please call me the week before . My schedule is a little crazy .
Go ahead and schedule the meeting .
Just go ahead and talk to Dave about the other industries .
They are working quite a complex tax structure in Canada . I'm not sure what role I should play . Should I just assume that they know what they are doing and let them do whatever they want sort of like the finance guys do with our balance sheet or should I get involved . My first take was that this was way too good to be true . John
Jeff Sorry it took so long to respond . I talked to our EOL guys and they keep this stuff very close to their vest . People are talking to us about buying the code but this would cost tens of millions of dollars . So I don't think I can help . Sorry John
You should use 30 c1 with that many people .
give me a couple of days please
Stan I haven't heard from the fellow from El Paso
Yes I want to move next weekend . If we can start at 2 PM on Friday it would be fine .
big commission
Kevin Can you settle this guy down . As well as always whining about his fake trading account , he wants to accellerate out of real time early . Tell him to do his time and learn . Also he wanted to go to Harry's group next which is a mistake . He needs to learn the business not the derivatives . John
chapter 1 - public relations . Go down the employee list from highest to lowest paid . When you get to someone that makes under 60 K per year make them Enron Americas Public Relations person .
Please keep this to yourself . Sally Beck will meet with you guys this week about having logistic leads for your respective regions reporting to you'all . Let me know how it goes .
Greg This list is virtually final . Any changes will not be material . I think you should add Louise in the 2-3 level . I'll call you later .
I guess our confirm group shouldn't be worried
Thanks for your help Dorie .
I met with El Paso . The just got a $1 Billion financing in Brazil and I think they really want to buy Electrobolt . Working It .
Does this sound right bill .
tych - we are not below bbb
Can your respond to me so I can respond to Clayton
I just noticed this . I would support Gorte . He is a reasonable guy despite what you guys think of RAC . Can we do this in conjunction with Rick .
Stan I met with El Paso yesterday . They seem very interested . Thanks
thanks Laura
thanks kyle
I'm hoping that port can't find me in the new building .
5 day or 7 day for hub cash
Can you actually desribe in detail the book out trade . Term/price/location . Just send me an email . Include your phone number . Thanks john
Also Can you just highlight which curve and term you think is wrong .
Reserve the empty seat for someone that I can name later .
I need you to call me today
just charge them 10 k . It will add up .
get me everyone's extentions so I can phone each tt person .
We can find seats for them .
Mark Brett Wiggs is taking El Paso through the motions this week on Electrobolt . They seem keen on showing us a bid by next week . Let me know if you need anything else . John
ouch
me , brad mckay , tych and 3 others would like to take on 6 power hacks in football on Thursday morning . Touch .
call me in the morning
YES YAHOO ONLY - CLAYTON VERNON
Since Hiring Greg Wolfe and another marketer , AEP has been going after a lot of people in our Portland office .
great
i thought you had pull
1 just had a baby and I'm playing .
your welcome great work mike
Kevin Help out with Reliant . John
I've bought 5800 contracts non pv'd . I think Zufferli has bought 3000 non pv'd. .
hurry hurry
Ken I hereby resign from the management committee . John Lavorato
I received my letter of resignation from the management committee back from you . I'm a little confused . You ripped it up and sent it back . My letter was not a joke and your response confuses me . John
RAC: Bill Bradford , Debbie Brackett Top analysts and associates - we have started ranking and will be finished today . What is Beck's list and does it include IT or is it the list we did ? Power Scheduling too .
we bought 15000 contracts and our VAR didn't fall . Something is wrong with the model
Mark Todd Esse of Sempra is in the building and wanting to buy the metals business . I told him to call you .
Greg , 1 . We can include the sithe agreement in the master netting agreement although we do not believe that this will work for Dynegy as it is not a forward contract but an annuity stream which cannot be accelerated , however if they think it works - fine . We would not want the margin calculated net ( it needs to be exclusive of this transaction) . If they were to convert to two swaps in order to allow for acceleration in the master netting agreement , there is an accounting issue for us . 2 . In the East we are long physical power from them in the markets which are not pools . We are short to them in the pools which clear financially and we have no issues in the pools . So we do not need to do anything . I'll have the west soon . 3 . We will have our physical gas position by point soon . We will agree to prepay for all of Dec but we should only pay day by day .
No problem .
Here's the current version . I'm going to give it another look , then I suspect we will be ready to go . Please let me know if you have any questions or comments . Kay
Looks good to me . Is it ready for me to print and give to Ben ? Kathy , how many originals do you think we should have signed ? 4 or 5 ? Or some other number ? Kay
Rey , This email explains why Jeff and I tried calling you this am . Any comments ? Thanks , Kay
What issues were invented ?
Some thoughts , observations , suggestions: 1 . Advantages to the single contract: Don't need a consolidation agreement , so we don't have to negotiate one . Better from a liability standpoint . Easier to administer . Is there any reason we can't go with a single contract ? I'm working with Steve on the letter agreement . 3 . Assignment to Mitsui Steve is confirming payment issues , and ability to comply with GE's requested payment within 3 days of executing the contract . This means that the assignment and assumption needs to be executed contemporaneously with the GE contract . I have a call in to Rob Stevens to verify , in Stan's absence . Peggy is checking on this , also . 4 . Parent guaranty . GE is requesting an Enron parent guaranty . From a quick review of the draft contract , it appears that a change in language will be necessary , since the current version only requires a parent guaranty in the case of an assignment to a certain class of assignees . If I am correct , then I suggest consider inserting new language that the parent guaranty will be due 30 days after execution of the contract , so that Mitsui can provide the guaranty , if necessary . Kay fyi . I faxed it to David , originals being sent to you .
Hi Jeff , I'm preparing the letter agreement regarding payment . Can you help me with the name and address to use ? Thanks , Kay
I did not authorize anyone to initial any version of the document .
FYI . I'll send a copy of the executed original change order once I get it . Kay
Evidently GE feels that we already have an agreement based on something Brian signed before the agreement was reviewed/approved by Tax and Legal . The internal process is not working . Kay
Hi Charlotte , We are going to the Astro's game tonight , so it would be very easy for one of us ( probably Neil ) to pick Michael up at your place , probably after 630 . Is that ok with you ? Thanks , Kay
Hi Kathy , I neglected to keep a hard copy . Please send hard copies of the change order to: Brian Hulse , Carl Tricoli , and me . If you prefer , you can just fax it back , and I will send it to the ENA folks . Thanks , Kay
Hi Brian , Could you email me the MOU we are terminating ? Thanks , Kay
If someone can tell me which ENA lawyer worked on it , I'll track it down .
The collective memory at ENA is that there wasn't an MOU per se , just the assignment and assumption agreement . Kay
They came by and gave me the data dump . It filled in the picture very well . Thank you . That would be helpful . Kay
Here's the latest from GE . When I spoke to Rob Stevens , he had a question about whether Mitsui needed to review the final drafts of the GE agreements . I don't know the resolution of that issue . As you know , the current arrangement with GE requires payment within 3 days of signing of the contracts , which means we have to be prepared to assign the contract , then wire the money from EEIM to Mitsui immediately so that Mitsui can pay GE , and GE can refund ENA . Has EEIM been funded yet and has Mitsui bought in on the payment plan ? I do not know the status of the tax issues raised by Jeff . I would also like to make sure that Jeff agrees with the mechanism of superseding the prior agreement with GE . Kay
FYI . Congrats on your new baby ! Kay
I hope that spelling your name correctly will help this get through to you . Kay
Accomplishments: I haven't jumped out the window yet , or slapped/cursed anyone from any other Enron entity . This is significant in a way that not all would understand . Vision & Values . My other significant accomplishment was the LM 6000 deal: revising the structure , figuring out how to sell the WestLB stuff to GE/S & S , and closing it in a relatively short period of time . More to come ! As for vacation , I'll scatter some days off here and there , but I don't have any plans for consecutive days off . Kay
FYI . Talking tomorrow am is fine . I have a 900 conference call on another matter; otherwise , I'm open .
I've made some changes , which I thought I would circulate internally for comment before sending to GE . I left Jeff Smith a voice mail asking how the initial payment is supposed to be split between the on and offshore contracts since this document references payments to both . Comments ? Kay
I've made a couple of changes , including changes suggested by Jeff Blumenthal . Main difference is title/risk of loss language and definition of "the Agreement" since we don't have an MOU . Kay
My only comment is that the word "lease" should be deleted from the heading in paragraph 3 of the assignment agreement . Kay
Gracie , This is one of the ones I cancelled , since I haven't taken Wellhead to Burner Tip yet . Thanks , Kay
Hi Bobby , Ok , here's another detail: what's your web address ? Maybe Annie and Katie can come for a visit when things settle down . I know Michael would be delighted . We could take them to the Pink House , if they preferred . Neil and I have talked about wanting them to visit for awhile . I realize there are lots of detail to attend to in the next several weeks . If there's anything I can do , please let me know . You and your family stay in our thoughts and prayers . I can't imagine what you , your dad and sister must be going through . I can relate to Katie and Annie , though , as the loss of each of my grandparents caused me a lot of sadness . I know they were close to your mom , and spent a lot of time with her . What a wonderful gift of memories they must have , and what joy they must have brought to her life . Love to all , Kay
I'll be glad to assist .
My comments to the Assignment Agreement are as follows: In paragraph A , "transformors" should be "transformers" . Please note the following comments to 6: 6 . Successors and Assigns . This Assignment shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto , their successors and assigns . This Assignment and the rights and obligations herein may not be transferred or assigned by one party without the other party's written consent , except that Assignee shall be entitled to assign this Assignments to Calumet Power , LLC or its affiliates ( if permitted by the Option Agreement ) and there upon be released from any and all obligations hereunder upon the giving of written notice to Enron . I do not have any comments to the notice . Please let me know if you have any questions . Kay Mann
John , Here's ABB's wiring instructions: The wire transfer has to be sent to ABB Trafo , S.A . Our bank coordenates and account number are: Bank : Deutsche Bank Swift Code : DEUTESBB Notice should be sentto: Michael Sandridge Comments to the assignment will come separately . Please let me know if you have any questions . Kay
ABB is struggling with a fundamental assignment issue . Their concern appears to relate to assignment to a project company or contractor which might not have the financial ability to pay . I believe they are looking for some type of security ( LC , bond , guaranty) . I didn't sense that they have an issue with the identity of the assignee , just the ability to pay . Comments ? Kay
Chris and Mike , We are trying to do some sales tax planning , and need to know when the first LM 6000's will be ready to ship ( or store , as the case may be) . I know there are projected dates in the purchase agreement , but those were more targets than commitment on the first few units . Can you give the current status ? Thanks , Kay
Here's the latest version . It looks ok to me . The most substantive aspect of it is that Calumet Power ( or its affiliate ) could end up the indemnity obligations under the agreement . ( in other words , an entity without a lot of money to fund indemnity obligations ) In my opinion this isn't important in the context of the option . Unless someone objects , I'll tell PERC that Enron is ready to go with the assignment . Kay
Matt , Our preference is to sign this before June 19 . I recall that Herman is out . Do you know when he will be back ? I will make sure that you and Herman get a copy of the next draft . It won't be this week . Kay
Just for your info .
The agreement and notice are fine with Enron . Kay
For your review .
Stan , Could you please me send me the electronic file of the executed EPC contracts , including the consolidation agreement ? Thanks , Kay
Please email the signature version of both documents . Thank you , Kay
Jim , Per Gregg's request , I am forwarding ABB's wiring instructions . Please let me know if you need anything else . Kay
John , The price includes shipment to the site and installation , but not connection . Therefore , there is no additional freight charge . Kay
John , The executed signature page has been faxed per your instructions . Kay
Jeff: Here's a draft for your review: I suggest that the payment terms for the offshore contract require the intial payment to be made within 7 business days of execution . That way , we can sign this up next week . Kay
Gentlemen: I have been advised by J . Nassos that Peoples ( through WestLB ) will be exercising the ABB option today . I have asked that they send me a copy of the notice of exercise of option , and I left Mike Sandridge a voice mail telling him to expect it this afternoon . Please let me know if you have any questions . Kay
Jeff , I'll focus on the consolidation agreement today . It seems to me that the time GE has to remit the payment to ENA should remain 3 days . I don't see a reason to stretch it to 7 days , since it represents a double payment . Your thoughts ? Looks like the tax issues are completed . Kay
This time I'll include the attachment . It must be Monday . Kay Enron North America Corp .
Team Vitro: I wanted to run these changes by you before sending them to Jeff Smith . Jeff S . has lobbied for deleting the language on assignment , and state that assignment of the consolidation agreement will be subject to the same terms , etc . as the other 2 contracts . He also provide alternative language which appears to be close to what was in the previous draft . Since I didn't know the genesis of the language in the consolidation agreement , so I thought I would check with you first . I eliminated 5 ( a ) because the contracts allow for partial termination .
Hello again , If these contracts are going to be assigned immediately to Mitsui , isn't the issue of a guaranty a Mitsui issue ? Is this addressed in the EPC contracts ? If an Enron entity must give a guaranty , I would think we would want ENA to give it , to be replaced by a Mitsui guaranty unless we have some safeguard against the possibility of paying Mitsui and Mitsui not paying GE , so that we would have to pay twice . Kay
FYI . Is there a conference call scheduled for today , and is Boyd available tomorrow ? Thanks , Kay
Hello again , Makes sense to me . I would add "on behalf of MEH" after "Transaction" on the first line of the second paragraph of VII . I don't have the MEH Operating Agreement . Do you have an electronic copy of it ? Thanks , Kay
FYI .
Isn't it nice to know he is looking out for you ? You can tell how much he cares about you . Thanks for sharing the stories . I really enjoy each one of them . Kay
Hi Gregg , I'm looking at it . Kay
A little light reading . Another will follow . As promised.. .
Fred , My understanding ( which I will verify ) is that Enron would still be at risk from an environmental standpoint with a lease . We could try to lessen our exposure as much as possible with the lease , and get indemnity from PGL . Kay
Per your request .
Hi Richard , I'm working on a form EPC contract . Do you have a favorite arbitration clause you would suggest be included ? Thanks , Kay
Who is authorized to sign on behalf of this company ? Thanks , Kay
Gentlemen , I have made changes to the consolidation agreement , which I hope all will find acceptable: ( It does need a date or two. ) As for the termination agreement , here's what I suggest: Do we want to address the purchaser's parent guaranty in both of the contracts , or just the consolidation agreement ? I would suggest that we make the guaranty a deliverable 30 days after execution of the contracts , which gives us time to get the Mitsui assignment done , as we expect to assign the contracts immediately . That way , Mitsui can provide the guaranty , if necessary . If ENA does provide the guaranty , we would want to have the ability to have it replaced with a suitable substitute guaranty from Mitsui . Sorry I missed your call . It was a day of meetings . I will be on the road tomorrow , but will check my voice mail . Kay
Gentlemen , Here's the notice we discussed . Kay
Did you guys work out anything on the 12th slot ? Thanks , Kay
FYI
I thought I recalled you suggesting that changes we used on the LM 6000 deal be incorporated into a "master" . Maybe I misunderstood ( not the first time!!! )
Christi , I'm so glad you wrote , not just because the information is so important , but also because I've been meaning to return your call . I look forward to working with you on this and other issues . I'm sure I'll be calling with questions soon . Kay
This is the most current information I have on specifications . I sent Ben and Mike an email about the 12th slot , but haven't heard from either one of them . By the way , I was asking about whether the changes I had suggested for the transformer contract had been included in the Calumet equipment purchase terms , as I was confident the changes are in this agreement . Kay
I haven't opened the attachment yet , but I wanted to get it to you asap .
Here's the attachment .
Any time is good for me .
Will do .
Hi Sheila , I'm happy to take care of this , I just want to make sure I'm not stepping on anyone's toes . Is anyone else working on this ? Kay
Hi again , I accidentally deleted the emails you sent me about Gleason . Could you resend them ? Thanks , Kay
John , Probably safe to assume it is me . Kay
An update.. .
I think you sent me an email which had some information from the gang about the tests , etc . Do you still have it ? Thanks , Kay
Mike , Here's a revised version of the option agreement . I changed the shipping dates , quantity ( 10) , Outside Exercise Date , and the amount of the option payment . I did not change the prices , since I had not discussed this with Ben , and couldn't get the numbers to work . Have there been some changes to the data sheets ? It appears to me that there might be a version which reflects the inclusion of the low sound option . In the last draft we did not include the low sound option because the impact on the load losses had not been agreed , so the prices did not reflect the option . Please call or email me if you have any questions or comments . Kay
Hi Rusty , Just wanted to check to see if you can get me a copy . Thanks , Kay
Brian , I'm not sure I understand their objection to the wording about the guaranty . Do you think that there is going to be a problem with them accepting the Mitsui guaranty ? I don't know what the arrangements are with Mitsui , and perhaps there isn't a real issue due to how this is being handled in the EPC contracts . My understanding is that Peggy will be giving legal sign off on these agreements for ENA . Kay
Brian , Could you please email the electronic version of the GE contracts which are ready for execution ? Thanks , Kay
FYI .
Per your request . Kay
For your information . Please call me with any comments . Thanks , Kay
FYI . When do you think you'll be done ? Thanks , Kay
We seem to missing the termination agreement . I'll check with Brian . Kay
Brian , The termination agreement needs to be signed at the same time . Here is what I have as the latest draft: I never received a copy of the assignment and assumption agreemen , and the legal assistants have not been able to locate it . Has anyone found it ? If not , we need to get a copy from GE . Kay
Peoples stuff .
We are very early in the process on this one , so you haven't missed out on any opportunities ! Kay
This is very helpful .
David , For information but no action on your part at this time . Kay
Hi Nancy , Lisa Mellencamp's time is being consumed by a special project , so I'm working on this PPA . Could you give me a call at your convenience ? Thanks , Kay Mann
How about 10:00am on Thursday to discuss GE and how to end world hunger ? Please let me know if this works for you , and I'll get us a conference room . Nominations for other participants would be welcome . Thanks , Kay
I expect Ben to turn up the heat today . No pun intended .
Hi Kathy , Please let me know if you get to the point where the exhibits are all that need work . If you are there now , please send me the current version electronically . Thanks , Kay
Thanks . I'll keep it to myself . I think having a list is a sign of progress . 830 am is a bit early to work it into a happy hour . However , there are lunch possibilities.. . The other commercial issue I saw was confirming the invoicing procedures , how/who will calculate cumulative net revenue , and flow of money in general . Fits in with the refund stuff . Kay
Hi Stan , Not to rush you , but do you have an estimate of when you will have completed your review/memo ? Thanks , Kay
Stan , For some odd reason I am having difficulty forwarding this email to Peggy and Sheila . Please forward it to them for me . Thanks , Kay
I'm glad you found something interesting to do . Let me know if you meet anybody famous ! We now have televisions in the elevators . At first , CNN ran all the time . This morning we started getting messages from management about the SAP program . It is kind of odd to get into an empty elevator , but hear voices . I was discussing Enron with my 20 year old daughter . I found it difficult to summarize what Enron does , and what kind of opportunities it has for college grads . Any wisdom you have on the subject would be appreciated . I know your husband must be overjoyed to have you back . His gain is our loss , but I understand completely . Take care and keep in touch , Kay
Nancy , Here are some come comments to the draft PPA: As a general note , we would have these goals: 1 . Keep the PPA has streamlined as possible , putting as much as we can in the interconnection agreement . 2 . Minimize ties to specific unit . 3 . Maximize optionality , especially delivery points . 4 . Keep construction/ownership of the facility off the balance sheet . 5 . Signing the interconnection agreement must be simultaneous , or a CP . More specifically we would like to: Move start up/metering terms to interconnection agreement . Megawatts will probably change due to change in equipment . Bracket 192 for now . The capacity will change for summer and winter , also , specifics to be determined . Make sure we are protected from any liability caused by their delay . Comments on specific articles: Definition of emergency start up will belong in interconnection agreement . 2.2 Expiration is Dec . 31 , 2004; move bracketed language into interconnect . 2.3 We need an out in case we don't commence construction/achieve commercial operation as a result of Buyer's action/inaction , and the term "breach" should include failure to timely perform any of buyer's obligations under any of the agreements . Any reason why we shouldn't want an extension if there is a delay due to action/inaction of any governmental authority ? We can add change of law as an event which gives us schedule relief , but we might want to broaden the definition of change of law . Also , we don't have the site acquired yet , so we may need an out in case we encounter a problem , unless we will not sign this agreement before acquiring the site . 3.4 Peak period is July and August . 3.5 ( b ) Amount left over will depend on the summer and winter capacity . Might just leave blanks as placeholders . 3.5 ( c ) Let's try for 4 hours notice . 3.5 ( d ) suggest title "Start-Up Minimum Run Time" . 3.5 ( e ) add maximum of ___ per year . Need a minimum shut down time between start ups . 4.6 Note: 3.3 refers to alternate sources and market sources; 4.6 refers to the wholesale market . We should pick a term , define it , and use it throughout . 8.1 ( c ) replace "covenant" with "obligation" , and follow with "(other than payment)" . Default isn't a remedy , so there's a disconnect in that sentence . 8.1 ( d ) remove "shall" and conform grammar in romanettes . 8.3 refers to LD's , 4.8 but I didn't see any unless 4.8 is meant to encompass the concept . A little unclear to me . How is this supposed to work with 4.8 ? Is there any reason the damage waiver can't be absolute ? Does the sole and exclusive language in 4.8 need to be conspicuous , or is it ok ? 9.1 Is the demand charge included in the invoice , or is it due without an invoice ? 10.1 On the third line , shouldn't the second "Seller" be "Buyer" ? 15 . No mediation . 16.1 Delete oral amendment language . Exhibits: A . Megawatts , heat rate to be confirmed . Heat rate believed to be 10,600 . Deleted bracketed language about implied cost of fuel from alternate source energy . Start up costs: $500 . Emergency start up to be addressed later . Could we schedule a conference call for Friday or Monday to discuss any questions/issues . Please let me know your availability . Thanks , Kay
As requested . Please call if you need anything else . By the way , I have the original contracts in my office . Kay
Nancy , Please call me about this . Thank you , Kay
I'm available any time except 300-430 on Monday . Have a good weekend .
Hi guys , I suggest a brief meeting to discuss strategy before anything is sent to SW . Kay
Anybody uncomfortable yet ?
Suzanne , please forward this to Jeff . My email is acting up again . Hi Jeff , I thought I would pass this email along to you since you've been working on some of the aspects of the Peoples deal . I don't want to interfer with whatever you have going on , but I'm happy to assist/participate in whatever way makes sense . Kay
Good idea . I'll let him know .
Marty , FYI . Sheila mentioned that Mitch is one of your guys . Kay
Hi Kathy , Here are my suggestions/comments on Rev . 6 Definitions . I think we need a Business Day definition , and a search and replace of business days for Business Days . 1.55 The definition of Performance Tests is really a definition of performance test reports . I think we need a definition that incorporates the tests listed on Exhibit E . The phrase installation option is used , but I didn't find a description of the installation option when I did a search . 3.14.2.1 Is 6 months enough under this circumstances ? Does it matter ? 4.3 Delete "Each" . 5.1 The amounts on Exhibit N don't match what I have on the last option agreement , and there isn't a description of any options , unless I'm interpretting it incorrectly . 5.3 ( ii ) add "as provided in Section 5.5" 6.4 I may have missed this , but I didn't see where amounts owed by Seller would be charged interest if not timely paid . 10.7 Are the roman numerals correct? . I am going to email you some new language for assignment and the buy back option . You should have it today . Do you have a redline on this rev 6 versus whatever the version was I read before ? I'm skimming it and I want to make sure I don't skip something . Thanks , Kay
Sounds good to me .
Stan , I have one minor question . Is the Notice to Proceed Effective Date a set date , or is it x days following y event ? I would expect to see language along the lines of "If notice to proceed is not given by the Notice to Proceed Effective Date , then..." . I see the deleted language was something close to that , so maybe in the context of this EPC different terminology is used . Kay
Hi Heather , Here's a form of LOI we can use . Nancy W . called and is ready to discuss the PPA . We can call her after our meeting , or before if you have the time . Kay
Ok . So basically all bets are off if we don't give NTP by September whatever . Sounds good .
Hi guys , Here are some quick thoughts: 2.10 Suggest we delete "specific" from second line . 3.3 ( i)To protect cash flow neutral status we need to get the money a couple of business days before date due . 6.2 We need to discuss changes which could materially impact the value of the agreement to MEH , not just the risks/responsibilities . I'd bracket the concept of what the Admin Service Fee is supposed to cover . Can we recover any additional costs , such as the cost of preparing/filing docs on their behalf ( 2.2 ) and collection ( 3.1) ? I think we probably need to limit our role to "short of litigation" type stuff . Maybe "reasonable efforts , short of litigation" , something like that ? That's all for the first quick read . Kay
Here's the new version with attachment .
Here's the latest version: Kay
I'm waiting to hear from Ben on the buy back , and I need to incorporate some changes which were given to me by others . I noticed the paragraph headings duplicated themselves on this last draft . Odd . More to come ! Kay
Did you get this ? The address for you looks odd .
I'm not sure I understand it . I wonder if they mean payment in full has been made as of the time of the assignment . I'm clearing some other stuff off my desk so I can get to this , hopefully this afternoon . Kay
Hi Nancy , It seems we may be scheduling a meeting with VEPCO to discuss the PPA . July 20th is the current date being discussed . I don't know how we want to staff the meeting yet , but I do want to check your availability . How does that date look for you ? Thanks , Kay
FYI . Kay
Sheila , I believe I can help Lisa with this information , at least confirming some of the stuff for her . Kay
Ben , This email has the prices in Exhibit N of the current draft agreement . Are these the correct numbers ? Kathy and I discussed your comments , and she is making changes to the contract consistent with those comments . She is not available this afternoon , but is free tomorrow am to discuss the contract . Please let me know if tomorrow am works for you . Kay
Gentlemen , I've made some changes to the assignment language of the ABB contract . The language is not identical to the LM 6000 language , but is substantially the same , and in some respects better . Please let me know if you have any substantive comments: I am also attaching the current draft of the contract . It is being revised to incorporate delivery dates and to clarify the scope to include installation obligations of ABB ( haul and install) . Also , in the fourth line of the first paragraph , the word "Purchaser" will be added to the parenthetical , after "WestLB" . Any other changes should be very minor or technical . We are trying to get this finished this week . Please let me know if you have any questions or comments . Kay
Hi Kathly , Note addition of word "Purchaser" . Guess the haul and install stuff is up in the air . Kay
I believe I was told Richmond .
Here's what I can give you without talking to anyone: I am not familiar with the Goldendale turbine ( #7 on ENA long list) . ENA's CTG group lists #7 as being an EECC turbine for Goldendale , not an ENA asset . I don't know the 2 used GEC turbines ( #8 on ENA long list) . On the EECC long list , #13 ( 501D5A ) is not slated to be used on an an ENA/Electrocities project , as LM's are now being considered ( guess you knew this) . I believe Blue Dog ( #14 on EECC list ) has been an EECC deal , not an ENA deal; I don't know about the Choc . Bayou or Central Iowa projects listed as ENA projects . Maybe these are sleepers . I can chase down more info , and Sheila probably has a great deal she can tell you just from looking at the list . Kay
I'm attaching a revised draft of the option to purchase the land for the VEPCO deal . I've limited it to the land in Edgecombe County , changed the initial period to 90 days ( with 3 x 90 day renewals) . The price is changed to $137,600 , as have the option payments ( $3500 for each 90 day period) . Is there anything else which needs to be changed ? FYI , I've left a message for Dutch Bumgarnder , VEPCO's lawyer , concerning the interconnection agreement , and who is doing what . Thanks , Kay
Rusty , Let's meet at your convenience . We need to identify some of the tripping points and critical path items , especially since our goal ( I assume ) will be to keep equipment , EPC contracts , land ( ?) , etc off Enron's balance sheet while things are developing . Talking through the process should help . Kay
We can discuss this am .
I don't have a problem with not back dating it . I'll see if there's a sesitivity to it from ABB's side .
Lisa , Thank you for the timely comments . Credit support . On the issue of credit support for a project company partially owned by Enron , ABB has some concerns even when Enron still holds an equity interest due to some late payment problems they had in the past with an Enron project company . Also , the ABB and GE payment schedules are different , with GE being more front end loaded . For example , GE will have received 45% of the total payments due by the time the first 4 units are ready to ship; by the time the last 6 units are ready to ship , they will have received 95% of the payment . In contrast , we hold 25% of the price of each ABB unit until delivery ( 15% ) and acceptance ( 10% ) of that particular unit . Effective date . The typical reason for an earlier effective date is to capture any work which ABB may have chosen to do during the option period in order to hold their guaranteed completion dates . In the GE contract we addressed the issue in section 30.3 , stating that it governs all work performed pursuant to the agreement in principle . It is fine with me to make the effective date a current one . Price change . I will confirm why the prices changed $78,000 from the latest option agreement . I suspect there were changes in the specifications since the data sheets have changed . Hope this was helpful . Kay Enron North America Corp .
No problem .
For your reading pleasure.. .
Hi Juan , Some strange things happened when I restarted my computer . This little screen came up , saying "installation aborted" . I chose ok , which was my only option . I'm obviously on it now , so we'll see how it goes . Thanks , Kay
Mike , I've been trying to figure out what is meant by the last sentence . Can you ( or Dave ) clarify what is wanted ? Does it mean that payments must be current for the guaranty , etc , to be acceptable ? Thanks , Kay
Here's what I have on the open issues/ to do list: Resolve shipping/delivery obligations in accordance with option agreement; conform contract Confirm pricing Add schedule of delivery dates Finalize assignment language ( I sent Mike an email with a question about their request ) Agree on effective date: suggest signing date be whatever it is ( hope for tomorrow ) with effective date being the last day of last option Need estimated price per month to store ( a request from Finance for budget purposes ) Verify sales tax exemption with WestLB ( doesn't require ABB involvement , nor does it need to be done before contract is signed ) Need assignment of option ( Finance to provide - no ABB action , I'll follow up ) Kathy: do you have anything to add ? Are there any technical details left to resolve ? Ben , anything to add ? I'll send a cleaned up version to Mike tomorrow am . Thanks , Kay
Thought you might be interested .
Thanks . I'll give you a call in a little while to compare notes , status , etc . Kay
Hi Mike , Sorry I missed you when you returned by call this am . I have some concerns about the voice mail you left re: assignment language . Enron can't stay on the hook for payment if the agreement is assigned , as this would bust the financing/accounting arrangement . What we have tried to do to meet your concerns is to see that ABB has a contract with a party which is as financially sound as Enron by adding the guaranty language . This addresses ABB's request that the party with the payment obligation have the "financial wherewithall" to make the payments . This is a big change from where we were in the last contract . I've had a request to get an approximate storage cost ( monthly ) for budgetary purposes . This is in connection with the buy back arrangement . Can you give me a guesstimate ? Thanks , Kay
An "April-less" version.. . Kay
Here is the most recent ( and dare we hope last? ) draft of the ABB agreement . Kathy Clark is preparing a redline for your use , and you should have it shortly . ABB may be insistent upon dating this June 30 , but we will try the 7th with an effective date of the 30th . Ben advises that this is a very , very critical point to ABB . I have not taken ABB's comment on the assignment language , but I hope they will accept what we've given them in this draft . I have been advised that the price reduction is due to more definitive design criteria being provided by Enron . Matt Gockerman points out that their is exposure to Missouri sales tax , so we will need WestLB's cooperation in getting the proper exemption certificate for MO . Have I forgotten to address any questions or comments ? Thanks , Kay
Hi again , Could you send Rev 10 to Mike S ? Thanks , Kay
I'm speechless .
FYI . Kathy is changing the address to 1400 Smith in the final version . Kay
Please make the change .
Hi Richard , When you have 5 minutes I can bring you up-to-speed on the Westinghouse dispute . Kay
You should have a closing party for this one .
Hope so . We'll spare you extra emails until then .
Hi Jeff , Ozzie Pagan's team is working on a project for VEPCO . The power plant will be located in Edgecombe County , North Carolina . I've been told that getting gas for the plant is a significant issue due to local gas supply conditions . One alternative has been to buy gas from the City of Rocky Mount , which has a take or pay contract with the local supplier , and is not using all of their gas , especially in the summer . We have developed a preliminary draft of the LOI , which I am attaching for your review . I would appreciate the opportunity to discuss it with you to get your input , etc . Of particular concern is that Rocky Mount wants ENA to deal exclusively with them during the term of the LOI ( this isn't reflected in the draft) . Thanks , Kay
Ben noticed a mistake in the ABB contract - one I missed . Enron's address was listed as 1400 Louisiana . I could not figure out where that address came from , as it had been correct before . I asked Kathy and she told me that she changed it from Smith to Louisiana because she thought that was the correct address . Ok , now I'm scared .
The change appears necessary since there is no 20.1 B . This must have been left over from the GE contract .
Anything from Mike ?
Here is the answer to the storage charge question . As you recall , the contract allows for us to request storage . Kay
My understanding is that the ABB equipment will most likely be used somewhere other than Calumet due to the noise issue . It is possible that LM 6000's will be used on Calumet , resulting in a re-bid of the EPC contract . However , none of this is etched in stone , and their are active discussions with Peoples about what to do . I suspect this isn't much help . Paul probably has better information . Kay
Michelle , I would like to sign up if there's still room . Thanks , Kay
Hi Juan , I had another error message today . The box was titled "cmd.exe" , and the message was "directory name invalid" . My computer is working so far , just thought I would report this for future reference . Have a good day , Kay
Allyson called Friday afternoon to tell me they would be sending this out Friday , and it needed to be reviewed quickly . It never came . I left a message Friday afternoon , asking where it was . They sent it to me on Saturday . I left out the really bad part . I had to leave early on Friday because Michael's sitter ( who picks him up from school everyday ) had a heart attack . She's still in St . Luke's . I'll take a look at it .
Yes , I have it . She thought she had heartburn while she was with Michael . What a summer .
That would have been too much .
I've roughed out a document for you to discuss . It isn't in good enough shape to go to Peoples yet , but hopefully it gives you something to discuss internally so we can decide what we want to do . In the meanwhile , I'm going to continue to think through the issues . Please let me know what I can do to help . Kay
I want to verify that the relationship between VEPCO and NCP is sufficient to justify the statement that we are negotiating a Power Purchase Agreement with North Carolina . As for the statement concerning ENA owning the other peaking projects , I could verify the correct Enron entities involved given a little time . Perhaps we could work around it by saying that "ENA and its affiliates" are involved in these other projects . I'll try to confirm the correct entity to apply . Kay
Humberto , This is the most current version redlined against a previous version . Kay
Here's a couple of clauses from some other contracts: From ABB contract: Maximum Liability . Seller,s maximum aggregate liability for claims byPurchaser arising out of Seller,s performance of this Agreement whetherarising from tort ( including negligence) , breach of contract or any othercause of action is limited to one hundred percent ( 100% ) of the Purchase Amount; provided , however , that the foregoing limitation of liability of Seller shall not apply to the following: ( i ) under Article XX ( Indemnification); ( ii ) under Article XXIV ( Liens and Claims); ( iii ) Section 3.8(a ) and 3.8(b) , ( Compliance with Governmental Rules); ( iv ) Section 5.2 ( Taxes); ( v ) Article XIX obligation to maintain insurance; ( vi ) arising from or related to environmental harm caused by an action orinaction of Seller , its agents , employees or Vendors during the performanceof the Scope of Work; ( vii ) resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Seller,their agents , employees or Vendors; ( viii ) patent or copyright infringement in accordance with Section 15.2 , or ( ix ) Article XXI ( Non-Disclosure of Information) . which liabilities shall not be limited . Additionally , any liability of Seller provided for by the proceeds of the insurance maintained pursuant toArticle XIX shall not be counted toward any of the foregoing limitations ofliability . The indemnity language in the ABB contract probably wouldn't work . I'll loaround .
Allyson , Will the certification of necessity be specific to ENA ? I ask this because I suspect that at some point we will want a special purpose company to be involved . This provides us with the option of selling the equity of the entity developing the project . Your advise is appreciated . Kay
I can try !
here's one .
Thank you , Paul . I appreciate your help .
I am not responsible for THIS Tribasa mess . My responsibility ended when Tribasa IV was signed . Kay
FYI . I know it is because I'm new to the game , but I find this stuff interesting . Kay
Attached is a draft of an LOI for the City of Rocky Mount . Please let me know by tomorrow morning if you have any comments . By the way , the exclusivity provisions are being re-examined , as CRM wants reciprocal exclusivity . Thank you , Kay
I left Bruce a message offering my assistance .
FYI .
Hi Matt , You may have given this to me before , but I need a copy of the corporate data sheets . Also , is there a standard slate of officers for ENA ? FYI , this company is jointly owned with another company . Kay
Here's the latest from Gregg fyi .
FYI . No action needed at this point . Kay
I expect to have it today or tomorrow morning at the latest . I understand that Mr . Dobler is out . If so , Mike Miller is available to sign it . Any new developments ? Kay Enron North America Corp .
Here's another draft: Note in particular changes in exclusivity ( now bilateral) , tax abatement ( exh . A) , termination rights , term . I also made a minor change to dispute resolution . As for their hesitancy to give us trade secrets , these should be covered by the confidentiality provisions , although this version is very basic ( see underlined language) . I just want to make sure we get the gas supply contract ASAP . We can do a full blown confidentiality agreement that helps . I never heard back from Dutch Bumgardner . I'll get the interconnection agreement started on this end , unless you think otherwise . Hope you are having a good trip . Kay
Hi Gregg , Here is a new draft which incorporates comments that Boyd and I have made . I haven't reviewed this version yet , but I wanted to get it to you asap . I would like to look at this draft before it goes to Peoples , and I'll give it priority for tomorrow am . I spoke with Dave Gorde ( RAC) . He is prepared to discuss line of credit/DASH at your convenience , although tomorrow he is tied up with PRC . I'll go ahead and get a draft of a "simple" revolving line of credit doc started , unless you think otherwise . Kay
Yes I can .
Nancy , As difficult as this is to believe , we have been told that VEPCO wants Enron to take the first crack at the interconnection agreement . Please put this on your list . I will check around here to see if there is a form we want to use as a starting point . Thanks , Kay
Well , I've lost today somewhere along the way . How about Friday morning ? You and I can discuss the agency agreement , then get them on the line . Anytime is good for me . Kay
I should be able to accomodate the schedule . Kay
Nancy , I don't have details on the meeting on the 20th , but please hold the date open for us . Talk to you soon , Kay
FYI .
Mitch , Here's a first draft . Please suggest any additional complaints/shortfalls which we need to raise . It is better to be all inclusive than leave something out . Richard , any ideas or comments ? Kay
I've left the Electricities lawyer a voice mail .
I just received this so I wanted to pass it along . I'll work through the comments and get back to you with any questions . Kay
Hi guys , I need the ABB contract and the PDA at your earliest convenience so that I can work on the documents we discussed . Thanks , Kay
Viola !
Just a reminder: the contract gives us 30 days to give them written notice . I'm not sure when the clock started ticking - the contract says something about the supervisory personnel at the facility becoming aware of the problem . ( paraphrasing , of course) . Enron North America Corp .
Not to suggest anything , but I'm going to try this for that stubborn 10-15lbs .
Weak excuse ! It lasts for 16 weeks.. .
Lisa Bills and I spoke concerning this transaction , and what kind of document we can put in front of Peoples at this time . Here are the highlights from our conversation: Enron can't enter into a binding commitment to purchase the equipment without putting the Moore project on the balance sheet . Therefore , either WestLB needs to enter into the agreement with Peoples or Enron can enter into an option agreement . There is room in the WestLB facility for the turbines; however , RAC needs to approve the purchase . Lisa advises that Transaction Support ( Herman or Roger ) needs to buy in as well . I understand we would like to present a binding agreement to Peoples tomorrow , however , this appears to be problematic given the need to keep the Moore project off the balance sheet . I'm available to discuss this . Lisa advises that she will be in tomorrow as well . Lisa , please correct me if any of this is not accurate . Kay
Good morning . I'm looking for a confidentiality agreement between ENA and Peoples Energy Resources on or around Nov . 23 , 1999 . Can either of you help me ? Thanks , Kay
per your request.. .
They should put pictures on resumes.. .
It the dark recesses of my mind I recall that Honey has a form to fill out . However , that doesn't keep us from distributing $ . We just need to keep enough to pay CT to file the documents . Congratulations , that was quite a feat . Time for a Fish wake ? Kay
Matt , Please see if you can chase down the executed version of the first document . Lou Stoler may know something . You can also check with David Tucker at Thanks , Kay PS Did you ever figure out how original documents are handled around here ?
FYI .
Here's a start.. .
I thought I would send this to you and you could just try to guess what we want to do .
Thank you . More light reading ! Kay
Here's where I am: Kay
This is mostly just a template at this point . Lisa has it as well . Kay
Ok . I'll send it .
Here's an outline of what I was thinking of using . Obviously , there are huge holes in it , but I wanted to see if I'm on the right track . Kay
I've made a rough stab at an exhibit to capture the changes which are necessary for the ABB contract . Please comment on the attached , suggest changes , etc . I will add a rep . or condition about receiving all the change orders , etc , FYI , I will be working on this over the weekend , should you care to comment . Kay
Boyd , I am not sure you have seen this agreement . If you haven't , please give it a look for "fatal flaws" , or information you think we need to be informed . Thank you , Kay
Hi Nancy , We are still on for Thursday with VEPCO in Richmond . I would like for you to participate . In addition , we would like the opportunity to meet with you before hand . We can meet late Wednesday afternoon in DC . How does that sound to you ? I look forward to speaking with you soon , Kay
I haven't seen a signed copy of the termination agreement cross my desk . I just want to make sure that the fully executed document has been processed . Thanks , Kay
Hi guys , Could someone send an electronic file of the execution copy of the Coyote Springs contract ? Thank you , Kay
Hi Nancy , There are some comments on the VEPCO ppa from our regulatory side . I was unclear if you had seen these before . Kay
I think I have everything except the termination agreement . I'll check , and send you what I have .
If anyone would like to discuss the transaction this weekend , I can be reached at home at 713 973 6325 . Kay
FYI .
I see your point that the put should be higher up on the list . In my opinion , this will be the biggest issue with ABB .
I think we will be staying in Richmond . At least that was the plan as of Friday afternoon . Heather Kroll will be meeting with us . Kay
I thought that someone retrieved the originals ( which has been signed by GE but not Enron ) while I was in Ft . Worth for my dad's surgery . Marty mentioned that you were looking for them , so I thought he had given them to you ( he's out this week) . I have not seen the termination agreement since I returned . Did you and John leave fully executed termination agreements in my office ? Maybe someone else picked them up . I can't tell you what's going on with the assignment . Perhaps Peggy Banczak can help out with that . Kay
Mom was asking my about cake , and I don't know what is on the menu for dessert . Guess we can ask for cake . Neil thought we should have cake at the PH . Guess that makes sense , too . You want to coordinate on when to get there ? That may be too out of character for all of us , but we can aspire to organization . It is hot here , too . The wind in the afternoon is really oppressive . Dry heat - HA ! It is still darn hot . I cringe at the thought of Six Flags . I'm sure Paige can be bought . She went recently and had a big time . Hope your week is quiet . Love/hugs , etc , to all , Kay
How bad is that . I forgot I asked him to send it to you .
Hi Bob , Is there a favorite go by for an interconnection agreement ? I have one on my immediate to do list , and I want to point outside counsel in the right direction . Thanks , Kay
I'm available anytime . Enron North America Corp .
Good morning , Enron's finance people are asking about the status of the turbine contract for Pastoria . Since Sheila is on vacation I thought I would check with you . Is it in final form , and if so , has it been executed ? It would be a big help to get an electronic version sent to me . Thanks , Kay
This is the contract that we said would be the jumping off point ( an accurate description ) for our GE discussions . As I recall , we need to give it the off balance sheet treatment before it is distributed to the masses . Rose , can you take responsibility for the basic OBS stuff ? I suggest we discuss assignment and indemnity separately ( and soon) . My assistant is setting up the legal team's conference call for Wednesday at 830 . Details to follow . Kay
Sounds great to me . Enron North America Corp .
I threw the initials in there for your benefit . It means Oh Bull Shit . Kay
The following is a redline version of the execution version ( so we hope ) versus the last draft you saw . Please advise if there are any Kay
Nancy , I believe we are scheduled to start at 900am Thursday . I had a voice mail from Heather that said she was planning to spend the night Thursday in case the meeting went long , or we wanted to continue on Friday . I haven't heard where we will be staying . As for the interconnection agreement , it would be great to have a internal working draft this week . That way we can discuss it with Heather and make good use of our time . Also , we could have some general , preliminary discussions with VEPCO about it , if we feel ready . I've been trying to get a form from someone around here , but haven't had any luck . Perhaps someone BP's Houston office has an "Enron form" . Sheryl Gussett's name is next to "interconnection agreement" on our document team list . Kay
As luck would have , I have to leave town this week . I need to cancel this class . Thanks , Kay
Hey , we all can use a little money . Life doesn't seem to get any cheaper . Honey , I think we discussed C T Systems doing the filing . Do you recall how much it was ? If not , I can see what I can find out . Which is more strange: Joe in Central America or Jack in Egypt ? Clark in Chicago ? Kay at Enron ? Gerry BUYING an engineering company ? Honey STILL at Sounds like a great time for a reunion . Kay
FYI . We are staying at the Richmond Marriott or Marriott Richmond , whichever it is . What are your plans ? Kay
Nancy Wodka DC 202 8285000 is the main number Kay
FYI . Kay
Thank you . Kay
Sorry if I'm a little late in the day . I feel into marathon meeting mode today . Here are my observations of the GE contract . I tried to confine it to significant issues since it appears to me that the negotiations are far along . General Terms and Conditions I don't see where the buyer has much financial leverage for performance/warranty issues . Final payment is made at shipment , with the Buyer having the benefit of a 10% retention bond; however , the retention bond expires at Provisional Acceptance . There is no financial leverage for Final Acceptance or the warranty period . Also , usually provisional or final acceptance requires that GE provide the operating manuals . The assignment language ( 8 ) is somewhat narrow . I don't know the deal , so I don't know how it fits . It can help to have language which allows for free assignment after provisional acceptance or payment in full , whichever occurs first . Also , the contract can allow for a substitute guaranty as payment security , in lieu of the buyer guaranty . Again , I don't know the deal so this may be fine as is . The contract incorporates GE's proposal as a part of the contract , but does not give an order of precedence . I haven't seen the proposal or any other technical exhibits , but sometimes these can be very self-serving . Therefore , you can potentially lose ground with what is in the exhibit . Warranty . The language is a bit confusing to me , especially the interplay of the 1st and 2nd paragraph . Also , the "outs" they have are very broad . It is better if there outs are limited to installation/operation/maintenance not in accoredance with their written instructions ( alternatively , industry practice) . Also , they have an out if repairs are performed without their permission , but there's no time line or urgency for their response to a warranty claim . A statement that they must provide a service engineer within 3 days or so might help . I also suggest being clear that 1.2 applies to warranty obligations , but their obligation to respond quickly to warranty problems need to be explicit . Excusable Delay . ( 15 ) I would delete "indirectly" from the 3rd line . Provisional Acceptance . I don't understand the phrase "only to the extent and proportional share" . Does this mean that GE may not be liable for the full LD's , or that the buyer has to prove a right to collect LD's ? Litigation . The dispute resolution ( mediation then litigation ) is not consistent with the usual arbitration route we request . I didn't take a hard look at LD's , since I assumed these are settled . 13.6 Enron typically gets more precise language than this . For instance , I would delete or clarify the phrase "including that due to environment or operation" , as being vague . 13.6 ( i)The phrase "proper storage , installation , operation and maintenance" should be as defined by GE's written instructions , or at least based on industry standards . 13.6 ( ii ) could conceivably allow them to drag their feet on a repair , then not allow us to get someone else to do the work . 14.1 The last line should include the words "strict liability" after "negligence" . GE ususally gives us indemnity for any hazardous substance they introduce . This is a quick look . If you need more detailed information ( and you think there's time to negotiate further) , I can look at it in more detail . Kay
What fun . I know T . Mueller is on holiday . I suspect he would want AI and St . Paul to agree in writing that this doesn't prejudice any rights/constitute a waiver , etc . You may have considered this already , but payment to /request for payment to EEPC may trigger the responsibility to pay VAT . Good luck , and keep me posted . Kay
Here's a revised draft of the agreement with Peoples . Kay
Not me . Bart , is it you ? Kay
Mr . Turner has the signed dissolution papers .
I have not responded yet , mostly because I don't know the answer . Kay
Neat . Thanks .
It might work better if you call . Steve is very nice .
Just a reminder about our telephone call tomorrow morning . Sheila left word that she won't be participating - something about being in St . Thomas . Last I heard from Scott , he was on his way to the UK , but maybe he will be dialing in . Talk to you tomorrow . Kay
A likely story . By the way , what do you think of having Rob or someone OBS the Coyote Springs contract so we can use it as a starting point ? That would give me something to report . Thanks , Kay
Hi . I don't think I would have Rob participate in the call . Just doesn't feel right . I haven't heard any feedback from this morning's conference call . Have you ? Kay
Brian Barto might have the info also . I left Brian a voice mail and asked him to call you or me back with the info . He is pretty bad about returning phone calls , though . Kay
FYI .
Do you remember anything about this agreement ? It was something people were looking for while I was in Fort Worth , and now I'm trying to find the signed original . Thanks , Kay
I just want to get it finished and off the to do list .
I just got a fax in from WestLB with a couple of changes . ( cringe ) What's your fax number ?
Please fax the Winston & Strawn changes to Kathy Clark . Thanks , Kay
Hi Nancy , I've misplaced your direct line - could you email it to me ? The travel schedules of the Enron delegation are becoming complicated . Would it be possible for you to travel with us to Richmond tomorrow night ? That would give us more flexibility in case we need to convene before the meeting on Thursday . We are staying at the Marriott in Richmond . Thanks , Kay
Jonathan , Please resend the draft confidentiality agreement for the Public Staff , preferably by email . I cannot locate the document here . The LOI with Rocky Mount is still under discussion . In a recent discussion with one of Enron's folks the City ( or their lawyer ) raised the issue that Kilpatrick Stockton had represented them in the past , and that there might be a potential conflict . I don't anticipate a problem , but we should discuss it soon . Thank you for your assistance , Kay
Thanks.. .
I'm still not sure who has this territory . However , if you need something , please let me know . Kay
I'm flying to Richmond this am . I'll read the ABB contract on the plane , and let you know what I think this afternoon . Hopefully , we can put it to bed . Kay
Hi Clark , I'm in DC ( in Bracewell's offices , in fact) , and just picked up your email . Has anyone taken you up on the offer ? If not , I'd be happy to take the tickets . Thanks , Kay
Hi Herman , Here's the agreement I referenced in my voice mail . We will change it so that they can't buy any equipment without further written authorization from Enron . Anything else ? Thanks , Kay
Gentlemen , We have revised the option agreement to reflect most of your suggested changes . Please advise if the attached is acceptable . Thank you , Kay
Hi . I'm working with Nancy Wodka on a deal with Virginia Power . We are working on the PPA tomorrow . Thanks for the offer of the tickets . I'm sure Bob will enjoy the experience , even if the game is , well , an Astros game . What a difference a year makes . See you soon , Kay
Thanks . I'm in DC ( actually , Richmond VA ) with Nancy Wodka working on a PPA . I haven't opened the attachment yet due to the length of time it takes over this connection , and the late hour . You may have addressed this in your email , but as I recall you were going to work on a summary of the restricted activities , as a foundation for the document anticipated by the LLC agreement . Any luck with that ? I'll be in touch shortly . Thanks for keeping track . Kay
Hi Matt , This is the document that I referenced in my voice mail . It would be great if it could be compared against the agreement for the Wilton Center . I will call later to see if you've had any luck . As you can guess , this is on a short fuse . Thanks , Kay
Hi Fred and Suzanne , I'm sending this to Suzanne so she can make these changes . Suzanne , you'll find the document attached to an email I received from Fred on July 11 , entitled Kendall New Development LLC . Here's my comments on the ComEd agreement: 4 . Change 100,000 to 50,000 ( right , Fred? ) 5 . Add "and the purchase order or contract will be assigned to Customer ( or Customer's designee ) at Customer's request , including the warranty provisions of such purchase order or contract" after costs on the 7th line . 9 . Add "for the purpose of performing its Scope of Work" to the end of the sentence . 10 . Add "internal and external" before legal counsel on 5th line . 16 . Add "Customer may assign this Agreement to an affiliate without consent" I'll be checking in . Thanks , Kay
Karen , Fred Mitro forwarded an email you sent him concerning a legal question . Please be advised that Enron policy requires that all outside legal advice be coordinated through an inhouse lawyer , and certainly any legal advice given to Enron employees must be given to Enron counsel as well . This requires some discipline on the part of our outside counsel , but we find it works in everyone's best interest . Thank you for your attention to this very important policy . Kay
Gee , if you hurry you can still make it to the volleyball game .
We had the legal call on Wednesday . It was Mike , Kent and me . You didn't miss much . They are waiting on us , and I didn't want to give them anything we hadn't discussed internally . I asked Rose to have the Coyote Springs contract OBS'ed ( off balance sheet-ed) . She should have something shortly . By the way , the contact sheet that Steve distributed was the one we prepared . I'll catch you up on other stuff when you have time . Nothing urgent.. . Kay
Good morning , I'll check around for some peaker availability language . If you would like , I can give a heads up to the finance group so that they know how quickly things will need to move . I don't have any messages from Nancy yet , but I'm sure we will get a few today . Kay
Any luck ? Thanks , Kay
Hi Lisa , I received your voice mail regarding the ABB contract . As I recall , ABB signed the contract after I received approval from you ( while we were on the phone on July 14 talking about the Moore project) , Rose , and Herman , and had incorporated the comments sent by Rob Taylor . Quite frankly , I thought that was it for the GF approval process , so WestLB's comments came as a surprise to me when they were faxed in a few days later . I received a voice mail that indicated that ABB is ok with WestLB's changes . I expect Enron may be signing today , and we will need WestLB's signature . Please advise how this should be handled . Kay
FYI . Kay
I find the process a challenge to manage . How's that for hyperbole ?
Well , what can I say . It represents job security for all of us !
Hi Heather , We can discuss these comments , if you want , or just incorporate them . Electricities shouldn't mind . Kay
I don't believe I forwarded this to you . Kay
I'm not sure why this came to me , but I thought I would share it anyway .
Thanks for your help . Kay
An email only a fellow turbine czarina could appreciate.. .
To tell you the truth , this stuff is difficult for me to retain , so I could be completely off base . I would like to have Herman walk through it again .
tomorrow is probably better than Wednesday
Gentlemen , Due to some internal comments we have made some revisions to the land option agreement . The most significant change is that it is clear that the option payment is not refundable , and will not be applied against the purchase price . There is also a clarification in paragraph 9 ( re assignment ) that the assignee remains responsible for any liability arising prior to assignment . I believe we are ready to go forward with signature when you are . Please advise if this version is acceptable . Also , please let me know if you would like for me to have a redline version prepared . Kay
This is on the horizon , so I thought I would let you know . Kay
Mike , I'll try to figure out the conversion . In the meanwhile , if you can email me your fax number I'll send it that way . Kay
Well , there's your summo wrestler , a fan , wasabi peas , and I think a sea shell .
They can't open the attachment . Is there a way to save it in an earlier version of Word and resend ? Also , please print the attachment and fax it to Thanks , Kay I got the same response from Mike and Ken . Doesn't sound good .
Allyson , Thank you for the update . Is not having the CPCN an absolute bar to beginning construction ? What are the risks ? Thanks , Kay
John , Credit appears to be a problem on this deal . Therefore , please stand by for further developments . I appreciate your very quick response . Apparently , my client was satisified with the service he received . Kay
Attached is the current draft of the PPA for the VEPCO deal for your information , review , etc . Kay
Here's the version showing revisions .
There were technical difficulties with the last one - this should be easier to read . Kay
Here's a version: You probably know this , but the most important stuff is: assignment exercise dates ( get more time than you could possibly need , because you'll need it ) scope ( if available) , schedule guarantees option price not credited against purchase price ( and lately , not refundable ) Lisa Bills , Herman Manis , Rose Engeldorf and Matt Berry typically review these .
Suzanne , Please set up a conference call for tomorrow , 830 Houston time , and advise the following of the details: Sheila Scott Dieball Rose Engeldorf Kent Shoemaker Mike Barnas The last two are from GE . Thanks , Kay
Any idea how close it is to B & P's office , and how much it costs ? Thanks , Kay
Tomorrow is bad for me , but Thursday afternoon or anytime Friday is good . Kay
Karen , I have in hand the Ledford agreement . My only comment is that on its face it does not appear to limit the Ledford's to the relief described ( no sole/exclusive remedy clause) . Does that occur by operation of law in Illinois ? Thank you for your assistance . Kay
Hi Rusty , Here's my only comment , which I sent directly to Karen . Kay
I sent it to Ken and Mike . They had difficulty opening it , but did get itopen this am . I haven't heard back since then . Herman wants to meet on Thursday or Friday to discuss structure . What do ythink ? The Willard was booked , so I'm staying at the Monarch , near Nancy's office.I'm taking flight that gets to DC around 1100 . We received an email from Allyson that indicates that we may be able to getsome deadlines set so that the CPCN is issued by November 1 . She says it imuy mal to begin construction before it is issued . Do you want to have a conference call this afternoon with Nancy to discussthe draft PPA ? Kay
Allyson says we can scratch around in the dirt a bit ( I'm paraphrasing) , so I'm sure some site preparation is ok . I'm not sure I like her availability stuff as inserted . Maybe we should leave some space for some wording , but not give them actual language today . It is such a big issue , I hate for us to get into a box which won't work . I'm going to check around again for the OEC stuff . I still haven't seen anything . I'll tell Nancy we will meet her in her office around 11:00 . As for meeting with Herman , should J Keenan be included as well ? Kay
Hi there . I'm trying to put together a meeting on Thursday at 200 to discuss the VEPCO project . How does 200 look for you ? Thanks , Kay
Herman says he has a lot of accounting issues to go over , and I thought it would be best if we all heard the same thing at the same time , plus , how the heck is this puppy going to get financed ?
Amen . To complicate things , the process is relatively new , so the originators/developers aren't experienced in working through it .
I don't see a problem with it .
Could you fax to Heather and Ozzie at the same fax as last night ? Thanks , Kay
I've just returned to the office , and will handle the changes as suggested . Thanks , Kay
Nancy , Thanks for the wonderful turn around time ! I glanced through the interconnect . It includes arbitration ( poor Dutch ) and equipment outage as force majeure . Gee , what's good for the goose should be good for the gander . Talk to you soon , Kay
Damn . How do I find out what it is if I deleted the STUPID email ?
Ed , Although this email was directed to EI lawyers , I was under the impression that this was a Corp policy . Maybe I was wrong . Kay
Gentlemen , I have made the revisions to paragraphs 16 and 22 as suggested . I have also changed the state designation of the Tarheel notary to Texas . If this version is acceptable , we will execute originals and forward to you . Do you need more than one original for the optionor ? Thank you , Kay
Here's a list of the transactions that I can foresee in connection with the VEPCO deal . Please feel free to add others: Kay
I've sent down the draft interconnection agreement we received from VEPCO for your review . If you don't get it tomorrow , let me know . Kay
We've reserved the two upstairs bedrooms which are connected by a porch with telescope . Do you have a prefence as to which you want ( just is case we get there early) ? You can look them up at We have Moonlight and Roses and Moonglow . Ta ta for now , Kay
Hi Gaye , We are looking forward to seeing you and Earl this weekend . We will have 9 for dinner , not counting the 6 year old who will have eaten ( although he will eat a piece of bread , if offered) . I just hate to pay for a real dinner for him when I know he won't be interested in grown up food . If it isn't too much trouble , could you email me the menu ? We will be bringing beer and wine . See you soon ( just not soon enough) , Kay Mann
Allyson , The nondisclosure agreement is acceptable for the our purposes at this time . Kay
YUMMY
I don't have an electronic version yet either . If you don't get it today , I'll fed ex a copy to your office for when you return .
Nancy , I've made a list of the transactions I see in the VEPCO deal . Perhaps you can think of more . I would appreciate your suggestions for B & P lawyers to assist with these various aspects of the deal , with local counsel input as necessary . Additionally , I would like to have someone in the Houston office involved for backup . last minute meetings , etc . Thanks for your help . Here's my list: Power Purchase Agreement with Virgina Power ( VEPCO ) Interconnection Agreement ( VEPCO ) Sale of land to the City of Rocky Mount ( CRM ) Possible Annexation Agreement ( CRM ) Payment in Lieu of Taxes Agreement ( CRM ) Gas Supply Agreeement ( CRM ) Land lease ( CRM ) Fuel supply ( oil ) EPC Contract ( NEPCO or other ) Assignment of turbine contract ( GE? ) Purchase of other long lead items Permitting Operations and Maintenance Agreement
Clark , FYI . Kay
Mitch , Has the letter gone out ? Kay
Well , I believe I'll bring something cool , comfortable , and casual . Or , maybe jeans . I don't have a very large selection , since most of my clothes are either work clothes or beyond casual ( yard stuff) . I have a couple of Hawaiian shirts , so I'll probaly pick one of those . Neil will wear shorts and probably a Hawaiian shirt , since that is what he almost always wears when he isn't working ! What do you want to do about lunch tomorrow ? I can bring something , or we can just tell Mom we ate on the way . You know how she frets about such things . Or , we could pick up Sonic if someone is hungry . We'll have some type of snacks for Michael , I guess , since he's at the age where he eats constantly . HMMMM . More to think about !
Hi again , I just called Mom and told her our plans . She says Dad has no clue . She vacuumed on Monday or Tuesday , and he asked her who she was expecting to visit the next day . HA HA HA . I told her that we are all very proud of ourselves for not blowing it . Dad doesn't know I called today , so I can call him tomorrow when we are on the way , talk to Mom and let her know when we will be there . It won't be that weird for me to call on a Saturday morning . She say Larry and Beverly left today , so we can park in their driveway and be sneaky . I'm so excited!! ! Kay
We need to keep in mind the 30 day deadline to provide notice . We don't want to give them any room to wiggle . We can always send another notice later . Kay Enron North America Corp .
Since I've had to miss the first 2 meetings due to travel , is it possible for me to drop off my check and pick up any materials ? Thanks , Kay
No . I'll have Neil check ( he does all that stuff) .
3850 , through the wooden doors . Enron North America Corp .
I hope I'm in town !
FPL , Entergy Merge in $7 Billion Deal NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - FPL Group Inc. , the parent of Florida Power & Light Co. , said on Monday it would merge with Entergy Corp . in a stock deal worth $7 billion to create the largest U.S . power generating company . The combined company would have a total enterprise value of more than $27 billion , consisting of $16.4 billion in equity market capitalization and $10.7 billion in debt and preferred stock , the companies said . The merger is expected to immediately boost earnings for both companies . Under the terms of the agreement , FPL shareholders would receive one share of a new holding company for each FPL share held . Entergy shareholders would get 0.585 of a share of the new holding company for each Entergy share . Based on the companies' closing stock prices , the deal would value Entergy at its market value of $7 billion , or about $30.89 per share . FPL shares closed Friday at 52-13/16 , off a year high of 56-5/8 but up from a low of 36-3/8 . Entergy stock ended at 30-5/16 , off a high of 31-3/16 but up from a low of SHAREHOLDERS' APPROVAL REQUIRED The combination must be cleared by shareholders as well as federal regulators . FPL and Entergy said they hope to complete the transaction within 15 months . ``The merger combines two strategically aligned , financially healthy companies into an organization that has no equal in the industry,'' said J . Wayne Leonard , Entergy chief executive . Leonard will serve as president and chief executive of the combined company while FPL's chief executive , James Broadhead , will serve as chairman . The deal was billed as a merger of equals but gives FPL shareholders 57 percent of the combined company and eight of 15 seats on the board of directors , the companies said . Once combined , the new company is expected to see annual cost savings of $110 million to $150 million in its regulated businesses derived from eliminating duplicate corporate and administrative positions and programs . Competitive businesses should see annual cost savings and revenue enhancements of $40 million to $125 million and capital expenditure savings of $50 million to $100 million , the companies said . FPL and Entergy said they will seek to ``minimize workforce effects of the merger'' through a variety of unidentified efforts . In addition , both FPL and Entergy have authorized stock buyback plans , together worth $1 billion . FPL plans to repurchase $570 million shares while Entergy is looking to buy back $430 million in stock , the companies said .
Kathy , I will be out of town on Thursday and Friday , and will therefore be unable to attend . Thank you , Kay
Suzanne , Please schedule this week's conference call for 930am on Wednesday , and include the usual suspects: Sheila , Scott , Rose , Mike Barnas and Kent Shoemaker . Thanks , Kay
Hi . I'm kinda tired this morning . I guess I just need a bit more sleep . Michael tried to push the envelope this am . He wanted to eat some more after he had brushed his teeth ( I told him breakfast was over , so no more food ) and wanted to go back in to get a toy to take ( nope) . He handled the frustration Do we have anything planned this weekend ? Ta ta for now ,
Attached is the form interconnection agreement provided by Virgina Power , for your information , review , etc . It is a new form which is currently under review by VEPCO . Kay
I'm trying to locate a copy of the contract to purchase the 501D5A turbine to see if we need to be aware of any issues in the contract . Do you have a copy ? If not , I can probably get a copy from EECC . Thanks , Kay
Both of those sound pretty good . Paige is so excited . She got a $1000 pay check .
I have some folks who want to option some land in New York . Do we have a company for New York yet ? If not , I seem to recall that we were going to start using one of the existing companies for land options instead of creating a new one every time . Am I remembering that correctly ? Basically I'm looking for the company name to use in an option . Any suggestions ? Thanks , Kay
IT IS RAINING!! ! I hope it is raining at the house . It looks like it probably is raining all over town . Hope you get some there . Neil's address is nmann@erac.com . Paige's address is recordp@southwestern.edu . She can get her email from Houston ( don't ask me how) . We had a great time this weekend , too . I'm glad it worked out so well . I thought it was very relaxing . I would love to have the recipe for the beef . I will probably go to North Carolina Wednesday , returning Thursday or Friday . Take care ! Love , Kay
Sheila stopped by to let me know that it is ok for me to give you a hand on the lease term sheet . I've stopped by a couple of times today , but I've missed you . Please let me know if you still want my help , and if so , if you have any additional information , etc . Thanks , Kay
Yes and yes . Enron North America Corp .
Here it is . I guess she didn't make my reservations . You might want to double check . Obviously , I do not need a car . I would like to get these reservations asap for the upgrade . Thanks , Kay
Ed , To clarify , the Edgecombe we were discussing is in North Carolina . The New York deal is a separate deal . Thanks , Kay
I've made a list of issues Heather and I have discussed based on VEPCO's suggested revisions . Some of the issues are commercial , some legal , somejust reminders . Comments are appreciated . 1 . Term . What will we accept ? 2 . Availability: single computation despite source of power ( market or facility) . Is forced outage the correct concept since we want to have somediscretion , and LD structure should apply even if power coming from the market ? Note VEPCO,s insertion of a new event of default under 7.1 forfailure to deliver energy when the Facility is not in a forced outage . Liquidated damages language still ok ? LD,s should apply regardless ofscheduled source of power )  no cost of cover for market power . 3 . Our position is that Contract Capacity set at contract signing , then adjusted ( if necessary ) based on performance tests , not subject to adjustmeafter that time: ditto for the demand charge . What is the right number forthe Capacity ? Is there a benefit to Enron to have a correction curve exhibit ? 4 . Failure to complete facility suggested as a termination event . Is September long enough ? 5 . We need to be able to supply from either or both sources ( market and facility ) during a day , but this doesn,t give us right to change during the day after the schedule is set . 6 . Note the Start Up definition ( as suggested by VEPCO ) and how it is applied . Reject 50% requirement at this point , subject to their explanatio7 . Note: construction of the facility now required ( 2.3) . 8 . Define commercial operation . 9 . Confirm that Enron has sufficient protection from interconnection 10 . Day ahead scheduling ( 3.4 ) Are we ready to commit ? 11 . Number of start ups . ( 2.3 e ) 12 . Force majeure )  consistency with interconnection agreement , relief for certain equipment failures . Is concept logically developed throughout thedocument ? Note distinction between market and facility power in force majeure language . 13 . Dispute resolution: arbitration vs . litigation/venue . Virginia law ? 14 . Change in law . Counter with CIL as termination event ? 15 . Exhibit A )  Heather is working on this . Kay
Sounds good . We may not need the entity in New York yet , as we are looking at getting a free option , not anonymous . Deals kind of funky . Correct on the Edgecombe ( North Carolina ) thing . Kay
I don't think this agreement will be on the agenda until next week . If things change ( moving up or back) , I'll let you know . Thanks , Kay
Let me think about it .
I disagree . NONE of the problems I've had in the last 2 weeks can be attributed to changes . There was no explanation given as to why they booked me to return a day early on the first trip to DC . What was up with that ? Last week , I wrote down EXACTLY the flights I wanted didn't change my plans . In fact , I've spent more time investigating my options by myself than I ever had before . A travel agent ought to be able to deal with changes anyway . That is what business travel is all about , and has been for the 16 years I've been flying around North America , South America and Europe . I've had good agents and bad ones . The good ones can deal with the changes and never miss a beat . Please have my flight changed as follows: Wednesday , August 2nd , change to Continental flight no . 1882 , departing IAH at 122pm and arriving RDU at 510pm . The remainder of the travel plans stay the same . Thanks , Kay
I'm scheduled to fly back to Houston around 745 that night , so it isn't looking good for me . Enron North America Corp .
I wasn't blaming you . I was just disagreeing with the statement that that changes have caused the problem .
She may turn out to be great , just because she becomes extra cautious with us .
Any luck with this ?
I don't recall the answer was to the question about whether we have a land company in New York ? And if so , its name ? Thanks , Kay
After I wrote this I recall Ed saying that we don't have a New York company yet . I'm fairly comfortable that I don't know whether there really is an Edgecombe Development Company , and if so , is it available to use on the Virginia Power transaction . Sorry for the memory slip . Kay Enron North America Corp .
Hi Kay , I trying to find out if we have confidentiality agreements with the following: Virginia Power Dominion Resources ( or something close ) Electricities ( don't know the remainder of the name ) North Carolina Eastern Municipal Power Agency Thanks , Kay
Gee , makes you wish there was a way to track documents without having to speak to someone . ( do I sound like a broken record yet? ) I'm fairly confident we can use this company , as the project I am handling is Lisa's old project . There's time to wait for her to answer , though .
Do you have a copy of the one with Virginia Power ? Thanks , Kay
Please protect Thursday afternoon , August 10th for me . I have some important personal stuff to take care of .
I spoke with Kent Shoemaker , and he has a conflict at 930 Houston time today . I suggested to him that Enron go forward with the call as an internal call , and we can conference him in after 1000 ( when he's available) , if we have anything noteworthy to report . If that is acceptable , I will go to Sheila's office at 930 , and we can call Scott and Rose . How does that sound ? Kay
I need this document today in a big way . Can you assist in getting it located ? If Kay doesn't have it , it is possible that Lisa Mellencamp might . Thanks , Kay
Michael problems . He has ADD and some other lesser learning problems . We are going to meet with the specialist next week . I'm going to try to take off Friday afternoon as well . We are thinking of changing his school , and Neil and I need to go visit a new one . HECTIC !
Due to the nature of this deal , I've prepared an LOI with an exclusivity period . Let me know what you think , Kay
We've known , but is has gotten to be a bigger issue as he has gotten older .
I am attaching a operating lease summary which I have revised to include some basic asset operation stuff . I've left Lisa a voice mail with a brief explanation of what we are doing , and asking her if she would take a look at this from a financing "fatal flaw" standpoint , with Enron being the lessor . I've been summoned to Nowhere North Carolina ( Rocky Mount ) for the remainder of the day and tomorrow , and will be back on Friday am . Anne , I hope this helps keep you moving . Lisa , many , many thanks . Kay Kay
I suspect that there are several options . He is such a sweet , cute , smart thing . You will like him . He is very very charming .
Let's just assume I'll be out Friday afternoon .
Hi Cheryl , I'm looking for the executed version of the contract with Westinghouse for the 501D turbine , which I believe was originally headed to Panama . ENA is looking to use it in a project or two , and I need to give a look . An electronic version would be fine . Thanks , Kay
Here's something to work with: Virginia Power and ENA agree that Virginia Power will authorize and pay for the ________ so that the queue ( que? ) spot for necessary interconnection ( RIGHT? ) will be maintained . ENA agrees that should ENA ( or its affiliate ) fail to complete negotiations and excute a power purchase and sale agreement , it will reimburse Virginia Power up to half of the cost of the _______ [Heather , this is a study ( ie , soft cost ) right?] , not to exceed a reimbursement of $15,000 .
Great . I'm gone . I'll have my cell phone on later .
Friday am is the only time this week that works for me .
Here's what I sent to Rusty on Wednesday . It seemed like an option didn't quite fit , since PACS doesn't have anything to option , strictly speaking . Kay
How transparent is that ?
Hi Lupe , I heard a rumor that Tribasa had found somebody to buy out the loan . Another victim , perhaps ? I can't imagine how you must have felt to get a call from Don . Maybe he's looking for a new opportunity in Mexico , since Bufete didn't pan out . I've been busy working on a read deal with some very bright commercial people . It is very challenging . Sometimes I feel so uninformed . This is a nice change ! I feel like it is elevating my professional development . I ran into Chip recently . He seems happier now that he has Erik's old job . More hugs - Kay
Gentlemen , Any progress on the summary ? Thanks , Kay
Hi Karen , Did I mess up ? I saw Herman and he told me that the 1000am was held . I hope I wasn't supposed to be there . Please call if I can help . Kay
Please send me a copy of the data sheet on the above company . Thanks , Kay
Nancy , Please incorporate this language from Enron's Tax Guys . Thanks , Kay
Scott's done the difficult part and generated something for review . I've added my comments . Sheila , would you like to add your 2 cents worth ? Thanks , Kay
Allyson , As you know , we have had discussions with the City of Rocky Mount regarding possibly buying gas from them for the new power plant in Edgecombe County . Evidently , the gas company has figured this out , and is not happy with this prospect . We would like your opinion concerning the City's ability to ( a ) require that a tap be made so that the power plant be served and ( b ) sell gas to Enron for this purpose . When considering these issues , please assume that the City would own and annex the land , and lease it to an Enron entity . We will need the gas by next March or April , so time is critical . Should the gas company decline , what is the appeal process and how long can it be expected to take ? Do you have any suggestions for expediting the process ? I am having the contracts between the gas company and the City sent to you , and you should have them by Monday . Thank you for your assistance , Kay
I wish I could say that's the reason we haven't heard anything . I suspect we would have heard if they had a problem with it being WordPerfect . I hope this doesn't mean they haven't tried to open it yet . I have complained about EECC Contracts using WordPerfect . As far as I know , it is the ONLY Enron group still using it . EECC Legal uses Word . I always figured this WordPerfect thing was intentional , which is why I had WordPerfect loaded on my computer . I don't think I can make the conversion from home due to download problems . I will see that you get a converted copy . Kay
Hmm . What hotel would be the closest to the Willard ? ( other than the Marriot , which I'm not wild about because it is so big ) What does the Hay Adams have ? Alternatively , what do you suggest in Georgetown ? Do you know if anyone else from Enron has stayed there ( the Four Seasons ) recently ? Thanks for asking , by the way .
I'm travelling on Monday , so please ask my assistant , Suzanne Adams for a copy . I'm new to this particular group in Legal , so I'm still learning who does what . No offense intended . This deal has a lot of life and potential , so I look forward to getting to know you in the process . Kay
The attached is the version of the contract which is under internal review and has therefore not been sent to VEPCO . Warning: the black lining may not be much help to you , depending on which version you last reviewed . We are meeting with VEPCO on Tuesday to iron out the remaining issues , and would like to send them this version in advance of that meeting Monday afternoon . With apologies for the short notice , any input you might want to give would be appreciated . We would like to send them this version ( with internal revisions ) in advance of that meeting . Therefore , please email me any proposed changes , or leave me a voice mail at x57566 . FYI: The goal is to have this part of the deal completed prior to August 22 . Thank you for your assistance , Kay
Hi again , I checked my maps of DC , and it looks like the Hotel Washington might be a good alternative . Could you see what they have for Mon/Tues night ? Also , please check back with the Willard to see if they have had any cancellations . Could you email me your telephone number and the afterhours number ? Due to the shortage of time , please call me with any information you might have . I should be in my office from 830 until 930 . Ex 57566 If I'm not there , I'll be checking messages . Thanks , Kay
Feel free to copy all you want , assuming there is nothing too compromising ! A small step for man.. .
Hi Suz , Please print email and attachment , and fax to me at the Willard . I'm in room Thanks , Kay PS How was Pappas ?
Good job Ric !
Hi Ben , Just wanted you to know that I received your email , and will follow through on the change order . I should be in the office on Thursday am , if not sooner . As you can see , I'm picking up email , and can also be reached on my cell phone . I reviewed your email re: VEPCO . We do have a project entity to use , and Accounting ( and Global Finace ) have been involved on the MTM and off balance sheet issues . I suspect we will find out about the need for a guarantee soon . It was good to get your input on VEPCO . There's lots to do on that one . Kay
Sorry to miss your birthday . Did you have one in my honor ? You know I really did have one for you on vacation . Points well taken - some we have already addressed , others probably need to be tied up better . See you soon . By the way , it hailed in DC today . Looked good from the bar at the Willard . Kay
Hi Carlos , I'm back in DC , at the Willard , so I'm thinking of you . We ( the commercial leads and I ) will be in Richmond tomorrow for negotiations , then back tomorrow night at the Willard . I hope things are ok for you . I know it is probably stressful . Hang in there . Kay
This is so sad . But then again , God works in very mysterious ways . If things are going to fall apart soon anyway... . Jim and his family have been in my prayers . This must be very hard .
Most hotels have a 4 to 6 oclock the same day policy . That's pretty awful .
I agree that we need a "standard" way of moving the turbines ( and transformers ) into other structures . Both the GE contract for the LM 6000's and the ABB transformer contract envision such moves . In addition , the ADA's with WestLB anticipate these moves . I'm sure you've heard plenty about all of this . I've been working on developing on some of the forms required to take some of this - Global Finance will coordinate other aspects of it . I believe we are in pretty good shape conceptually to take care of all of it , but we should plan 2 to 4 weeks to get the documents completed . I don't see any problem with this - I just wanted you to be aware of some of the logistics . I'll be in the office tomorrow if you would like to discuss this . Kay
I can understand how that can be a problem . Certainly , every effort can be made to expedite the process , and I do think the first time will take the longest for obvious reasons . For the purposes of scheduling going forward , I think it would help to keep that type of time frame in mind , with the thought that maybe it can happen more quickly . Kay
Hi Gregg , I'm back . I don't know what the deal was with my cell phone this week . Perhaps the problem was the weak signal in the area . Several people commented that they had problems reaching me , and my phone was on almost the entire time . In fact , I made many calls , but I ususally checked to see if I had a signal first . Sorry for the inconvenience . I'll take a look at the DASH , etc , and get up to speed so that I can speak intelligently . Kay
FYI .
Bob , Here's the bill of sale we didn't use on the last deal . I don't know how much good it will do you , but at least it gives you some tax language . As I mentioned , the last deal was supposed to be a "wire me money , I'll sell you stuff" deal , but it didn't happen . I'd like to see the installment sale form once it gets fixed up , if possible . Kay
FYI .
I don't think she finished her thought . I'll check with Allyson on this . Kay
Allyson , Thank you for the email . It seems to stop in mid sentence , so I was wondering if maybe something got deleted ? We have an interest in having the application for the CPCN amended to be less specific on the equipment we will be using . I believe Jeffrey may have mentioned this to you before . We would like to follow up with that now , unless there is some significant problem with it . Thank you , Kay
I have meeting with a different specialist for Michael next Wednesday at 430 . I will need to leave by 345 .
Hi Nancy , I am planning to make the changes which arose out of our meeting with VEPCO . When we met with them , we agreed that we would accept all the changes in this draft , then blackline against it . I tried to do this to this document , then realized that this is a compared document as opposed to a draft marked with changes . Can you email me unmarked version which contains all these changes , and I'll start from there . I apologize if I already have the clean draft , but I want to be certain that I am working from the correct version . Thanks , Kay
Allyson , Thank you for your prompt response . Can you describe the process and timing for filing a project update ? Thanks , Kay
I'm leaving in a couple of minutes . I just wanted some extra quiet time .
Absolutely . Morning is better for me , as I have a meeting at 230 this afternoon . I spent some time with Rose and Humberto yesterday , discussing the logistics and options in connection with this and City of Austin . Kay
Hi Kathy , I'm in the office today , if you want to finish up ABB . Ben Jacoby and Jody Pierce will need copies , if you will be making copies for distribution . We can talk about the LM6000 change order #2 , also . Thanks , Kay
Gentlemen , I thought I would pull together a brief email outlining where we are on certain tasks . Here goes: Hub Agency Agreement - Gregg recently met with Peoples to discuss some of the outstanding commercial issues relating to the Hub Agency Agreement . Roy is putting together a summary of the outcome of that meeting . Gregg and I decided it would be better to not send Peoples the current draft of the agreement which has been circulated internally , but instead will send a draft which incorporates the outcome of these discussions . Memo regarding restricted activities - David has prepared a draft for Enron's review . Here's the draft: Gregg and I need to review it . Gregg and Peoples have been working on the grandfathered transaction list . Since both sides are running behind on this , David prepared a very straight forward amenment to the LLC agreement , exending the time frame for finishing the task . Here it is: Policies - Gregg "Policy Man" Penman has been working on a credit policy , cash management policy , risk management policy , and probably a couple of others I'm forgetting . Revolving line of credit - Gregg has been working the internal Enron system to get approval for a $50mm line of credit for MEH . He has raised the issue of Peoples needing to provide a guarantee for their half . Also , it may be necessary or advisable to document that the line of credit will be paid before any distributions are made to either member . This is still under internal review at Enron . I will check around to see if Corp ( the lender ) has a form of credit facility we should use . Miscellaneous: Decide about services agreement Confidentiality agreements Transfer pricing documentation Other agreements ( ISDA , GISB , Peaking Agency , Third Party Master ) Board resolution appointing officers/managers Budget and marketing plan Other administrative functions ( per Gregg's Business Setup Items list ) Hope this is helpful . Kay
Hi there , Could you please print these for me ? Thanks . FYI: I'm going to antitrust training from 230 to 430 . Bet you are jealous . Kay
Attached is a recent version of the VEPCO PPA , which is currently be revised . Hope it is helpful . Kay
I haven't heard a word about this deal lately . This is why I never throw anything away . Kay
David , How about 400 this afternoon ? I have another call at 230 , but it should be over by then . Kay
FYI . As I'm sure you've figured out , this is VEPCO .
Hi Ken , I have two tickets available for Saturday night if you still want them , at $25/each . Just email me back , and I'll bring the tickets tomorrow . Thanks , Kay
Sounds good to me . I'm in EB 3850 .
Hi guys , I want to make sure that you are comfortable with whatever services are being provided by Piper Rudnick , so that there won't be any surprises when the bill comes in . Could you give me a brief outline of their scope ? Thanks , Kay
Here's the Risk Management Policy Gregg has been working on for MEH . Jeff , I don't know if you have seen this , so I thought I would float it by you . David , I'm sending it to you so that you can comment about any concerns you might have relating to the LLC agreement . Thanks , Kay
Sheila , For your information .
Gregg , 330ish looks good for both David and me . If you would like to call me , we can conference in David . Thanks , Kay
Gorman's will be picking up/delivering on Tues/Fri . They had Mon/Thurs available , but Monday am is too hard to remember . Besides , Delmis may be able to bring our clothes in on Tuesdays , and I'm generally home early on Friday . Our driver's name is David . His cell phone is 713 545 4186 . We can call him if we ever need pick up/delivery on a different day . He will leave us a sack today . How's that for cool ? Kay
Please compare this new document: to this old draft , and create a redline: Thanks , Kay
Both are in VEPCO , names under the Word icon on the email . I'll try to remember next time .
Here's the most recent version of the document formerly known as the PPA: Kay
I got my hair cut - it feels so good to get it cut . I'm planning on going as scheduled . Do lots of people go to this ?
What was I thinking????? ?
Sounds good . I'm on a conference call that won't end . I received your fax and will try to call you this afternoon .
Do I have original , initialled documents to which I can add the signature pages ? You may have given this to me already.. . Thanks , Kay
Here's the clean version ( no redline ) of the most recent draft of the PPA . I have no idea what happened with the redline , but I'll try to get a decent one done .
What can I say ? Here's the tubine torture possibilities as they exist at this point in time .
I am attaching a redline of a revised version of the document formerly known as the PPA . This is compared against the August 7 draft . I am sending it without anyone else reading it ( a gutsy and foolhardy move) , so it is subject to further Enron review . Thanks , Kay
This is HILARIOUS ! And so true . We are doing fine here in the sauna , despite the heat and horrible pollution . No big news to report , which is good . Hope all is well with your bunch . Give Lou a howdy and a hug for me . Kay
From Bev . Pretty good stuff .
Hi Dutch , My email did not go through to Jeff or John . Could you please forward it to them for me ? Thanks , Kay
I may be on the road tomorrow ( won't know until later) , so something early afternoon Friday would be best for me . Thanks , Kay
In speaking with Allyson , she believes we need to have the responses the Public Staff's data request no later than sometime next week . The Staff wants to have a meeting or conference call to discuss our responses during the week of August 28th . Therefore , Allyson suggests that we have a call this week to discuss how and when we will pull this information together . Sounds like a good idea . Please let me know when you are available for the call this week . I suspect it will take between 30-45 minutes . Also , please let me know if you have NOT received a copy of the data request , as these should have arrived via company mail . Thanks , Kay
Hi there , When I was at Monday's Astros' game , I thought I heard them say that Enron is sponsoring some type of kid's book drive at next Sunday's game. ? I have quite a few gently used kids books I am looking to give away , so I was wondering if I could do it in connection with that program. ? I will not be at the game Sunday , and I didn't locate a reference to the program on your website . Is there a way for me to donate kids books for whatever program Enron is sponsoring , without going to the game ? Many thanks ! Kay Mann
Hooray . If I'm paid up with Hays McConn through the month , I'll continue with it until the end of August . If we move Michael to public school and save a $100 on parking , things may start to add up!! ! We could pay for a nice little trip somewhere... .
Will you be in Friday ? If so , could you help me remember to pick up my parking card . I FINALLY got a slot at the Met . Thanks , Kay
I'm flying to somewhere ( probably DC ) tonight , returning on Friday . Ozzie is making the travel arrangements , so you don't need to do anything . I'll let you know what else I find out . Thanks , Kay
Virginia Power has raised a question about wanting some type of guaranty or other form of performance security should an Enron LLC sign the contract . What can we propose ( or exclude ) under the contemplated structure ? Thanks , Kay
Attached for your information/review is the latest draft of the VEPCO contract . Thanks , Kay
I'm headed to Virginia tonight , and should be back Friday am . Could we push back the conference call to the afternoon ? Heather will have the same travel schedule . Thanks , Kay
I'll keep in touch !
My copy printed completely . Let me see what's up .
Thanks for the input . I'll see what we can figure out .
appt is at 430 . i wanted to leave at 345
Please resend the August 15 redline to the Virginia Power people on the list I gave you . Thanks , Kay
You know how Remote Control!!!!!! ! How fun!! !
NEPCO's position sounds more typical for a cost plus contract . Is this a lump sum deal ? If so , then I think NEPCO is taking an aggressive approach to both LOL and retention . A 10% limit of liability during the warranty period is particularly aggressive , unless there are a lot of carve outs to the limit of liability , and other give-and-takes which make it make sense . Another factor which might make a difference is the treatment given to the GE contract . Is NEPCO taking risk on GE performance , and is the dollar value of the GE equipment included in the price used to figure the % of liability ? I'm glad to discuss this if I can be of help . Kay
Kathy , Could you please accommodate Karen's request ? If you would like , you can just send it to me and I will get it to her . If you have delivered my original to me I can make make her a copy . Thanks , Kay
I can send you what I have on the WestLB stuff , but it may not help too much if you are trying to figure out how to get turbines into a project . We are currently working on the mechanics relating to that . It may take a while to get a copy , as I don't have an electronic version and I'm currently in meetings where I'm using my hard copy . How soon do you need it ? Kay
I don't know if he has the financing docs .
Hi Mike , In a meeting Friday afternoon with Ben Jacoby , he mentioned that he didnt want the change order signed quite yet . I suspect he wants to review it before it is signed , and he's on vacation this week . Kay
Kathy , I believe Ben needs to initial the change order , and he's on vacation this week . Kay
Here it is: Please let me know if you have any problems with this document . Kay
HELP ! What's my R/C number ? Is it 00406373 ? Does that look like an RC ? We need to get an invoice from the travel agency Heather and Ozzie used for my flights last week . I know the travel agent's name is Julie , but I don't know the details . The agency is something like Vitol . I suspect Claudette can give you the telephone number , etc . I would have gotten a receipt from Continental , but the E ticket machine wasn't working . I have the rest of the receipts .
I'm still not wild about 27.5 , which says they have no liability for any advice they give us which is not required by the agreement . It seems that we could get into an argument about causation of a problem , and what was in/out of their scope under the agreement . I don't know that I have any brilliant ideas about how to narrow this carve out . I guess we could say no liability so long as the advice is clearly outside the scope of work , and is given in good faith and in accordance with industry standards .
Just to catch you up a bit.. .
27.5 Separate Advice or Assistance . If Seller furnishes Purchaser with advice or assistance which is clearly not required by this Agreement , Selleshall not be subject to any liability whether in contract , warranty , tort(including negligence or strict liability without regard to fault) , indemnior otherwise in connection with Seller,s provision of such out of scope of service advice or assistance , so long as such advice or assistance is givenin good faith and in accordance with industry standards .
Hi Rob , I think we would prefer if you would route the document back this way , and Sheila or I will send it to the folks at GE . Thanks , Kay
Could you please go through the option agreement I have in my directory on O . It is under Option Agreements , and it is the only document there . It should be called Fehr land option , or something similiar . Please go search and make Optionor plural throughout , and make the grammar match . I started making the changes , but got distracted from the task . Thanks , Kay
I'm scheduled to be here . Tomorrow and Wednesday are pretty bad , but Thursday and Friday are wide open . Kay Enron North America Corp .
Karen , Please forward the revisions once you get them . Thanks , Kay
FYI .
I'm going to miss you really badly . Are you sure you want to go to the cool air , unwind , sip wine and eat delicious food ? And miss all this?????? ?
I shouldn't have looked at that when I'm so hungry . What an incredible menu - and in a relatively small town . You better take a wad of fatburners!! !
Just being out of this nasty smog will be great . Plus , I bet it is nice there when the sun goes down . What a great time of year to make that trip . Can you hear my heavy sighs ? It is time for me to plan something fun , even a short trip . Planning and looking forward to it is 1/2 the fun .
Here's where we stayed on our honeymoon www.whalewatchinn.com
I have an extra I can send you today . Kay
Thursday afternoon would be best for me . Enron North America Corp .
Just a reminder to send me the description you gave the school .
Hi Brian , What a great surprise ! Life is pretty good . To see a summary , you might want to check out Paige's website: ( I tried to copy that as a link , but I think I messed up. ) I guess Peggy told you ( or you figured out from my email address ) that I'm working at Enron . I like it . I enjoy being back downtown after being a suburban lawyer . Home life is relatively calm , which has always been a goal of mine . I'm dealing with my folks getting older , with the health problems which come with that process . Overall , I'm very blessed and happy . How about you ? If you are spending time at HM , you must still be doing the law thing . I might have lost a bet on that one . So how's your life ? Paige completed her minor in German . Consider it a Wunder legacy ! Her brother , Michael is a real charmer . You would get a huge kick out of him . Thanks so much for writing . I can't wait to hear what is going on with you . Kay
Hi Guys , Is the 501D in storage ? If not , when will it be delivered ? I'm asking in connection with information to be provided in the CPCN process . Thanks , Kay
Could we benefit from an internal meeting prior to the call ? Kay
We are at the MOU stage . Need to keep off the balance sheet duly noted and emphasized in a commercial meeting last Friday . Commercial leads at ENA and Global Finance are out this week , so no progress at the moment . The information I was given is that we want to get it done by the end of September . How does this sound ? Kay PS Also includes 2 transformers .
Heather , Did you want to send this ? Anything else you want to add ?
LM's # 1-6 , 19-20 , plus a couple of ABB transformers .
Bill , I'm attaching an electronic copy of the letter we sent to Westinghouse . If you email me your fax number , I'll fax you their response . Thanks , Kay
Hi there , Paige is still here . I think she may leave tomorrow . Have you ever visited her website ? Here's a link: You might trying clicking on the link to see if it takes you directly to her web page . She will have the same email address again this year . I suspect she will have the same mailing address as well , since it is a box number . Michael slept well this weekend . He had a great birthday . He takes his dinosaur everywhere . It is so funny , because the button gets pushed accidently when it is being hauled around , so it is constantly growling . We saw a few drops of rain , but nothing to help the water bill . The smog is horrible . I'm in town all week this week , which is nice . Neil and I have a birthday party to go to for our neighbor Donnie ( he was at the party ) on Friday , so Michael will spend some time with Charlotte again . She should be off of most of her restrictions tomorrow , so maybe he will get to see her more . We went to the Astros game last night , and they actually won . Sammy Sosa hit a home run harder than any I've seen before . Even some of the Astros fans clapped at the sheer force of it . The pitcher said he watched it , just because he had never seen such an awesome hit . Too bad about the heat , but what the heck can you do about it anyway ? Love , Kay
Just a reminder about tomorrow's call . Enron participants , we will have a conference room on the 38th floor of EB available . Kay
If it didn't come up when you put your cursor on it and click , then you'll have to type in the address in address space when you are on the internet . Or , you can search Paige Record Southwestern University on the web and find it . Hope this helps . Kay
In an effort to pull the pieces together , a meeting has been scheduled to discuss the draft energy and capacity contract ( formerly the PPA) . It is scheduled for Thursday , August 24th , at 900am . We are still in the process of locating a conference room , so the location is TBD . Thanks , Kay Here are the most recent comments from VEPCO: Some of you may have received this already . I have not compared it against what we last sent them .
Please make sure Sheila has the host code . thanks
yes
Sheila said her assistant arranged for one . Could you check ? At least drinks and coffee . Thanks for thinking of it .
Hi , my name is Kay , and I'm a Diet Coke addict .
Suzanne , I left the response ( which is a letter from Siemens Westinghouse ) on the part of my desk which is next to the window . I MAY have put it in a file folder labeled "Westinghouse" . The letter references a letter we sent to them in the first line . Please find the letter and fax to Bill . Thanks a bunch .
It would be very helpful if you could participate , or have your designee participate . Sorry for the short notice ( what else is new) . Perhaps we can also arrange a discussion about the interconnection agreement . I'm out this am , but will pick up voice mail . Thanks , Kay PS I can't wait to hear about St . Lucia .
I assume that this is in lieu of the meeting we had scheduled for tomorrow afternoon ? Just want to make sure.. . Kay
I've scheduled the conference room for 2 hours . We are also looking at Friday am . Is Friday better for you guys ? Kay
There's a meeting with a cast of characters to discuss the Westinhouse warranty issues . It is tomorrow ( Thurs ) at 1230 . Do you have any interest in sitting in ? Kay
What did Heather tell you ?
Couldn't tell if you saw this.. .
Sounds good so far .
This replaces the meeting scheduled for 400 tomorrow .
I have a heavy meeting/conference call schedule . To be honest with you , I'm a bit unclear on who is doing what with this . Any advice/insight ? Kay
The room is 3AC5C1 , according to this email . I didn't check to see what it was before .
CR [aka conference room] 5C1 . I know they are in the Allen Center . I'm just damn smart , that's all .
You are a BIG HELP .
Not finished yet .
Looks like Thursday at 300pm is working out for most people to meet to discuss the VEPCO PPA . The meeting will be held in EB38C1 . Please let me know if you have any questions or comments . Kay
Yikes . Would you have just 30 minutes sometime during the afternoon tomorrow ? I really struck out with everyone else for Friday . Otherwise , I'll be glad to schedule a meeting on Friday ( in addition to this one tomorrow ) to review the structure with the various players . You pick a time ( the earlier being better for me) . Thanks , Kay
Here is the latest version . Our meeting is scheduled for tomorrow at 300 in Kay
Here 'tis , and I'm a yes .
I'm going to visit with the Hermanator briefly tomorrow . Would you like to join me ? Kay Done ! See you then . I've asked Heather and Jeffrey Keenan to join me . Kay
FYI .
I hope to go , at least Friday/Saturday , assuming we have a sitter for Michael , of course . I met Mrs . Kerekgarto yesterday . Chris Duerr ( duerrc@spring-branch.isd.tenet.edu/) . Maybe you should ask to visit which ever classroom Chris thinks Michael would be in assuming he started at VO on September 5 . Just a suggestion . Or maybe you can visit more than one class . You might want to ask to visit a class during an academic time ( as opposed to when the kids are in centers) .
Here is a rough draft of the Fehr option . Herman , you will be happy to know that this one is much shorter . It needs some clean up , but this should be enough to get comments going . Kay
Just a reminder that until the finance arrangements are fixed and the rules are clear , Enron can't incur any hard costs related to the Virginia Power deal . This means Enron can't obligate itself to purchase any equipment or materials , or enter into any services agreements except for studies , etc . I will try to get some clarification on what can be done at this point , and will pass it along as soon as possible . Kay
Hi Jo , I left you a voice mail , but being an email addict I thought I would send you a note as well . Our son , Michael is in a Montessori kindergarten , which we have decided may not be most suitable for him . We discussed it with Vivian Shudde , and she suggested that I give you a call about the Grace School . My husband and I would like to visit Grace . We are wondering if it might be possible to visit tomorrow . Please let me know what you think . Thanks , Kay Mann Don't forget the progress report . Thanks , Kay
Hi John , Looks like it is worthwhile to finish up what you were working on before . Thanks , Kay
yes .
Jo , We had some unexpected complications with scheduling today . We'll have to reschedule . Thanks for such a prompt reply . Kay
He's doing great today . He's here with me . He just attended a meeting with Ozzier , Heather , Herman and Sheila .
Sounds good . Early in the week is better for me .
Here's a suggestion for the equipment question: ENA and its affiliates have contractual rights to numerous turbines , several of which can satisfy the technical and scheduling requirements of this project , and some of which are already manufactured . In the case of turbines still in the manufacturing process , ENA has firm commitments for delivery , backed by liquidated damages clauses and other financial incentives .
Hope this helps . FYI , if you are doing the deal with EECC or NEPCO , I would just as soon them not see these docs .
Here are my comments to the draft response: 4 . I'm a bit troubled by the first sentence , since I really don't know what may have been on the drawing board earlier . Maybe someone else can vouch for this statement . Otherwise , I suggest deleting it . 17 . The reference to NC Power utilizing the plant should be Applicant ( third sentence) . 18 . I would change the second sentence to begin "It is intended that the plant will be designed , constructed and operated...." Kay
Hi there , We've had about 15 minutes of rain , I think . Just enough to keep the mosquitos happy ! Kay
That would be great . Kay Mann 29 Inverness Park Way Houston 77055 Thanks , Kay
Hi Dina , Do we have a CA with Teska Associates ? Thanks , Kay
One more CA question . Pollina Corporate Real Estate ? Thanks , Kay
I believe this draft reflects Herman's comments: Kay
I'll check on the geotech . What is involved in the site development plan ? Don't give up ! There may be a way to get this done . Kay
Hi Gerry , Enron is a great place for an engineer to work in a non-technical position . In fact , I work with reformed engineers daily , in various capacities . Enron has an analyst program for college graduates , where the analysts go through six month rotations in various parts of the business . In addition , there is a good job search feature on Enron's website . If you see something that looks promising , I'll check things out around here to see if I can get the inside scoop . FYI , Enron North America , Enron Broadband , and Enron Energy Services are good choices . ENA is the old Enron Capital & Trade , so it is the real heart of Enron ( yes , it is where I now work) . Enron is also focusing on industrial development ( paper , steel , and who knows what else) . I don't suggest EECC . Hope to see you soon , Kay
I'm hearing rumblings about the need to perform various preliminary tasks ( survey work , etc.) . I've given the admonition to avoid incurring hard costs until the financing/accounting treatment has come together . That lead to the question of what is a hard cost . I know construction/equipment obligations are problems , studies generally ok . This leads me to the conclusion that a geotechnical survey would be ok . Am I safe here ? Thanks , Kay
Karen , Both Lisa Bills and Rose Engeldorf are out of town this week , which means we don't have all the players from Global Finance available . Humberto ( can't remember how to spell his last name ) from Global Finance/ENA may be available , and he has participated in similar discussions on two other projects . At some point he will need to be involved . The time is fine with me . Kay
Hi Nancy , This should do it .
Hi Matt , ENA is selling some of the LM6000's to ESA . Will you be the ENA Tax Man on the deal ? Thanks , Kay
Back at cha !
Reagan , Just to clarify , we intend to assign the land option to Rocky Mount , they buy it and lease the land to us once they own it/annex it/zone it . Kay
Hi Gloria , Could you please print these for me ? Thanks , Kay
Just in case you haven't seen a copy , NCNG has filed a petition to intervene in the CPCN proceeding . The reason stated is that it isn't clear who is providing the natural gas . It has asked for the right to examine and cross-examine witnesses , to file briefs and argue its position , etc . Kay
Allyson , Please delete Stuart Zisman and add me to your distribution list . Thanks , Kay
No problem .
I like this answer .
I'm going to have an updated contact list prepared . Please email me with your telephone , location , email address , and cell phone number , if desired . Please let me know who should be added to this list . If you are receiving this vis a cc , I have your information . Thanks , Kay
Here's two more to add . I suggest you put our outside counsel last on the list . There are two firms: Kilpatrick , Stockton and Bracewell & Patterson . I would put Bracewell before Kilpatrick . Thanks bunches .
Here's the current redline , incorporating most of the comments made last week . Herman , the language to address your biggest issue is in 2.3 , page 7 on the marked version . Thanks , Kay
more.. .
For the Bracewell part of the list .
Another print job . Please make me a Wheeling Pitt file folder for these docs as well . Thanks , Kay
I'm keeping this one . Too cool !
This should be the final ( or at least almost final ) version . The amounts are correct .
FYI
We had discussed having two change orders so that the ESA stuff is easily identifiable/assignable/etc . Is this still the plan ? Kay
Per Ray's request.. .
FYI .
I'm far afield of my area of expertise , but Boyd's comments make a great deal of sense to me . Gregg , did you/will you pass these along to PERC ? Perhaps it would help if Boyd could speak directly to the PERC person with the typewriter , so to speak . Kay
Kevin , Thank you for your work . I especially appreciate the memo bringing me Kay
Here's what I have.. .
Otra mas . Did I get that right ?
Hi Ben , I've started a draft of the ESA document , and I wanted to get your comments before I go much further . Basically , I want to make sure I'm on the right track . I'll make it look pretty as we go along . Getting the deal points are most important at this point . Thanks , Kay
Sara , Maybe a conference call with Gregg would be the most productive way to go . Kay
Feels funny emailing someone so close . I'm addicted to email , however , I saw Gregg in the elevator lobby as the door was closing . I'm going to see if I can corner him while he is in town to see what is going on . I'm not up-to-speed on this one . Kay
Good morning . Here is the email you mentioned . Have a great day ! Love , Kay
I believe I have compared the ENA Aug 29 version to the VEPCO Aug 21 version of the Capacity and Energy Contract . I'm no expert at CompareRite , but I believe it worked . Here goes: Let me know if you have any trouble opening this document . Kay
The details for today's conference call are as follows: 1:30 CDT Call in number 800 851 1766 , participant code 685753 Rose is on vacation and Sheila will be calling in from Portland . I have a 100 conference call , but I will step out if I can . Talk to you soon ! Kay
Maybe spelling your name right will help this go through . Sorry !
July 31st for Edgecombe . I didn't prepare the other option , but I'll check to see if there is a copy around . Kay
I'm looking at the Skelton option ( Hart County , GA) , and can't figure out when it was executed . ( must confess I didn't read EVERY word ) Can anyone help me with this ? Thanks , Kay
Chris , I would think that we would want to designate which units are affected by the provisions of the change orders , to the extent a the change is specific to certain units . What do you think about that approach ? Kay
I am STILL on my 100 conference call . I'll catch up on what I missed later . Kay
Glad you wrote , since I need to send you this option agreement for your review: I will chase down the fax and give it a look . Thanks , Kay
Hi there . I have a personal errand to run ( nothing bad ) Thursday am , so I won't be in until around lunchtime . Can't WAIT to hear about your trip . I hope it was marvelous . We're looking at a private school for Michael ( St.Francis) . I think it is time for a change . Kay
I need to talk to the commercial guy on the deal . Got a name for me ? Thanks , Kay
Since the time frame is short , I wanted to give you an outline to mark Here's how I understand the deal: People's has the Manlove gas storage facility . We have presented to People's a nonphysical method to monetize it , similar to what was done with Bammel . Since this is a regulated asset , regulatory approval will be required , and the consumers will receive part of the benefit of the monetization . The essence of our deal is that Enron will receive 50% of the net earnings , up to $25mm , as our fee . In consideration for this fee , Enron takes the financial , legal , accounting and engineering lead . Peoples and Enron will work together on the regulatory strategy formulation and implementation . We want to present a draft MOU to Peoples this week . The basic goals are: Define scope of the agreement Define our lead role in the 4 stated areas Create exclusivity for Enron Define financial arrangements ( cost/profit ) Get an acknowledgement that what was presented to them was proprietary , and covered by our confidentiality agreement . Define term ( 5 years ) Each party bears their own internal costs , and third party costs are split 50/50 , with prior approval . In that regard an immediate concern is getting the engineering work kicked off . We want the agreement broad enough to cover physical withdrawals . We do not want it specific to this field , since we want the benefit of the use of our methodology . Please correct/supplement , etc . Thanks , Kay
I lost the email with the information regarding where to send donations in Gabrielle's honor . Can you resend it to me ? Thanks .
No problem . Can't wait to see what you get . I may have to order some more , plus Silly Bob , and the large Klixx , and.. . oh my gosh , I may be a
I'm at home this am ( kid stuff ) but will be in around lunch and all afternoon . I'll find you . Kay
I wanted to make sure that everyone is happy with the name Edgecombe Development CO , LLC as the project company name . We are going to amend our petition for the CPCN , and I want to get the name right .
I am also a notary .
FYI
Hi Kay , I'm looking for CA's with Peoples . I have one dated December 23 , 1998 . Do you have anything else , especially one more current ? Thanks , Kay
Hi Cheryl , I've been asked to see what I can find out about the status of the generator for the Westinghouse 501D . I've heard stories ranging from it was on the Titantic , to it was in a rain storm . Can you shed any light on its status ? Thanks , Kay
Is everyone available on Friday to discuss where we are and where we are headed with the CPCN process ? We need to discuss whether the petition can/should be amended to allow for a broader certificate . Thanks , Kay
I never got the email . Please send it again .
Here's a first draft . It isn't quite done , but I wanted to let you have a look at it ASAP . Kay
For comment , etc . Thanks , Kay
I am absolutely delighted . Kay
Laura , Here's a draft for your review . If you find it acceptable , it should be ready to go to Peoples as a draft . Please let me know if you have any comments . Kay
Hi Rusty , Just checking to make sure you got this email . Kay
This needs to be added to the Vepco contact list which Gloria started . Thanks , Kay
Here it is .
FYI
It is OURS , all OURS . So what's the whopping balance now ? Kay
Please cancel the 930/Wednesday conference call , as we are changing the time . Please confirm with Sheila what time we will have the call this week . Thanks , Kay
Gregg Penman was ready , but I couldn't get David Tucker at Bracewell . Did he forget ? Thanks , Kay
We had a wonderful , quiet weekend . The wine was very good . I drank it without food , as it was nice and light , which is how I like my reds . It would have been good with a tomato based pasta , I think . How do I find out how much vacation I have ? I know there's a system on the intranet . I want to plan some time off this year , if possible . I know how difficult it can get the longer I wait . Thursday I won't be in until around noon . More Michael stuff . Kay
I just spoke to Sheila and she told me 130 Central , on Wednesdays .
That's it for now . Kay
For your reading pleasure , I'm sending a copy of the infamous 97-10 . Kay
Hi Nancy , I need to bring you up-to-speed on where we are , and share some comments from Virginia Power . Please let me know a good time to visit . Thanks , Kay
For future reference , Brian Barto does not participate in these calls . No need to retract the invite at this point . Kay
GE form contract , 1 1/2 hours .
I'm going to be on this conference call ( the David Tucker call ) for a long time . Would you mind getting me a Diet Coke ? I have the money in here , but I can't leave my desk . I should have thought ahead . Thanks!!!!! ! Kay
Is he availabe tomorrow ? Once you get a picture of availability ( maybe you have it all ready) , ask Sheila what she wants to do . She may want to re-schedule for tomorrow morning . Kay
Thanks . And thanks for the drink .
That's it , just HAPPY BIRTHDAY . Hope no one is picking on you too badly today . Kay
Hi Ben , Hope Day 1 of your daughter's illustrious academic career went well . We are hoping to meet tomorrow at 130 Central in 38C2 to discuss GE issues . Sheila says you won't be here quite that soon , but it would be very helpful if you could join us once you get here . Time permitting , we can discuss the ESA transaction once we are done with the GE stuff . See you soon , Kay
We have scheduled a meeting to address the status of our discussions with GE , and develop an organized approach to some issues . The meeting will be held at 130 in EB 38C2 . See you then , Kay
FYI .
FYI .
Not dead yet . Ozzie and Heather are looking at some other possibilities . They don't want to lose momentum until it is clear that there aren't other viable alternatives . Kay Enron North America Corp .
If these are men's sizes , I'm a small . Thanks , Kay
Enron Pres: Still Committed to Power Generation Business Wednesday , September 6 , 2000 12:49 PM ? Mail this article to a friend By James Covert NEW YORK ( Dow Jones)--Despite an increasing emphasis on wholesale trading rather than asset ownership in its electricity operations , Enron Corp . ( ENE , news , msgs ) will continue to develop and purchase power plants , president Jeffrey Skilling told Dow Jones Newswires on Wednesday . "Generation assets are essential to a successful trading operation," Skilling said , responding to recent trade reports that the company plans to exit the power generation business . The Houston-based energy company is "absolutely not" selling its power plants as part of its strategy , he said . Enron will continue to build and purchase natural gas-fired "peaking plants," which produce power only during times of high demand and wholesale prices , Skilling said . Enron has begun construction of a few such projects in the U.S . Midwest and South , and will continue development chiefly in the U.S and Europe , he said . "The margins are higher ( in wholesale power markets ) in Europe," Skilling said . "The market there is more fractional , and that creates more opportunities for someone who's playing across the board." Developments in Europe , particularly in southern Europe , also offer a higher per-unit rate of return , Skilling said . Nonetheless , Skilling did confirm that the company isn't interested in building larger-sized plants in any country , and that its construction goals may not be as lofty as those of other energy companies . "We are not interested in building base-load plants," Skilling said , referring to large power plants that produce power in steady quantities around the clock . "Base load simply delivers megawatts - that's a bulky , undifferentiated commodity," Skilling said . "But peaking plants allow us to play on the shape of the market of that commodity." Skilling declined to give any projections or figures related to Enron's future development plans , saying that they weren't set in stone . But Skilling said the company generally aims to site power plants where there are bottlenecks in the transmission system , and that Enron isn't focused on any one geographic region as opposed to others . "There are companies out there saying they're going to build 40,000 megwawatts by such-and-such a date , and I don't really see how that's possible," Skilling said . "There are just too many variables to approach markets like that." -By James Covert , Dow Jones Newswires; 201-938-2061; Quote for referenced ticker symbols: ENE ,  2000 Dow Jones & Company , Inc . All Rights Reserved .
I'm ready for another trip to Chicago , to work on the details , the transfer pricing , the Manlove monetization , etc . Would a day next week be good ? It would probably be helpful if Laura had some availability as well . Tuesday is bad for me , but Wednesday or Thursday looks good . I'll look over the list and give you a call after lunch . Kay
If anyone asks , I would prefer to have Gloria for our temp . Thanks , Kay
Please hang on to this for future reference . Thanks , Kay
Hi Gregg , It looks good for tomorrow . I prefer not to schedule anything later than 300 , if possible , just to give myself a chance to handle the end of the week Kay
Hi Bob , Does this have anything to do with the Wisconsin site you mentioned in the staff meeting ? Thanks , Kay
FYI . I'm talking to Gregg on the phone now . Kay
I saw something on the intranet which says you can check all your benefits , etc ,  including vacation time . It called for a password . Did you receive a password for yours ? I wonder if it is the same as the password when you submit benefits . Any ideas ?
I wasn't sure if you got a copy of this . Kay
Laura , Here's the revised version: Here's a compared version so you will know what I did: I'll work on the transfer price agreement today or this weekend so we will have something to discuss . I'm planning on being in Chicago on Thursday if you would like to discuss any of these matters . Kay
Ben , Here's a draft of an MOU for the sale of the LMs and ABB equipment to ESA . One issue is when this transaction can close . Since the equipment is owned by WestLB and since the feeling is we don't want to involve WestLB in the transaction , the actual transfer would take place at the termination of the WestLB facility . If another approach is preferred , we will need to circle back with Lisa . A second issue I see is with the concept that GE will need to look to both ENA ( or WestLB's successor ) for some of the payments , but look to ESA for payment for changes , storage , etc . As far as I know , this concept hasn't been addressed with GE . I re-calculated the overhead charge , so you might want to check it out . I look forward to your comments . Kay
I'm reading it now .
David , Please change the date on the draft so that we won't confuse it with the prior drafts . I would delete "specifically" from 2.10 ( c) , and add "or later ratify such transaction" ( or something to that effect) , just in case they later learn and accept the transaction . In 2.10 ( x) , add to "due to an inability to pay , or other credit reason" . In ( y) , add "or a contractual defense to payment" [could be force majeure , etc] Again in 2.10 , third sentence from the end "any interest , penalties , attorneys fees and court costspayable by the Hub Shipper...; 3.3 Delete "prior" before "approval" , and add "or ratification" in the redlined section on refunds . Thanks , Kay
Here's what's hot , what's not: Virginia Power - don't know how hot it is . We should know more on Monday . Chicago - just finished commenting on the Hub Agency agreement . I would like to visit there next week . As you know , the Manlove monetization is still on the list . Laura sent me her comments to the LOI yesterday - relatively mild , so the LOI should be going to Peoples in the near future . You have the list that Gregg prepared on commercial/legal to do's , and he and I will work on those things next week . LM stuff . General consulting business; form 97-10 EPC for affiliate , form GE contract ( drafted by AK ) on the list . ESA/ENA turbine sale . Sent Ben a draft MOU . Not a time hog . Miscellaneous development stuff - land options , etc , for Fred and Rusty . Not very time consuming . Opps , I'm late for a meeting ! I can give you whatever details you need . All things considered , I'm in pretty good shape . Kay
Hi Kathleen , I will try to take this one it . There is a charge for it ( I think ) that the department picks up . By the way , have you been invited to the ENA law conference at the Woodlands ? We need to get you in on that one . Talk to you soon . Kay
Great idea . By the way , do you know if Kathleen has been included in the law conference stuff ? Kay
Today is kind of bleak . Tuesday is good should something change for you . Kay
Thanks . I suspect I'll be in the loop on this one way or the other . Do you want me to send you emails so you know what's up ? Kay
Do you want to keep up with this , or pretend you never heard of Chicago ?
Here's what I know about this deal so far .
Please print , place in folder ( surprise , not a binder! ) labeled CRRA Fuel Cell Agreements . Thanks! !
Thank you for this info . Sounds like this is getting a fair amount of attention in the region . I have your name written on a piece of paper . Do I owe you a call ? Kay small green pressboard like you order for me
Hi Nancy , We are getting geared up to look at the interconnection agreement and work on the land lease . Just thought you might want to put it on the list of fun things to do in the future . Kay
Sorry Reagan , I just opened this email . Kay
FYI . We had a conference call this am . I'll catch you up later . Kay
I'm working on the agreement , but since it is taking longer than I had hopeI wanted to send you my understanding of the basic premise for your input . I'll continue to refine/integrate this into a real document while you reviethe important stuff: Hub Services . &Hub Services8 include ( a ) transactions entered into by MEH or the PGL HUB which are subject to Peoples' Hub FERC operating statement , and ( b ) all physical transactions which require the use of the Manlove or Mohammad fiel(also known as &exchange8 or &enhanced hub8 services) . The profit [what is profit ? Obviously before tax , but otherwise a GAAP standard?] from Hub Services shall be split as follows: ?  For transactions entered into between February 15 , 2000 through September30 , 2000 , the profit shall be equally shared . ?  For transactions entered into from October 1 , 2000 to September 30 , 2001(and successive years until September 30 , 2004) , Peoples will receive thefirst $4 million in profit ( cumulative , not annual) , and will Enron receivethe next $1million in profit . For any profit exceeding $5 million , Peoplesand Enron will share any on a 50/50 basis . This arrangement excludes all agency fees paid to MEH . These fees will beshared 50/50 from the inception . All internal costs incurred in the normal course of business will be borne by the party incurring same . All third party costs will be shared equally , andrequire MEH board approval . PERC Peaking Agreement PERC has contracts with PGL and with NICOR contracts relating to the ethane/propane peaking facility . The two existing contracts pay a total of$2million ( approximate or exact ) in demand charges annually . Any profit exceeding $2 million in a year will be shared by Peoples and Enron on a 50/basis . If either of these contracts is extended in any form other than the currentform , then Peoples and Enron share the demand charge and the profit on a 50/50 basis . Other Transactions Peoples and Enron will split the profit from any transactions other than those described above on a 50/50 basis . Kay
Just in case I forget to mention it , I need to move our SF visit to Friday am , due to travel plans . Is this still ok with you ? Kay
I'm not particularly wild about many of the changes proposed by GE . Seems that it would be a good idea to get a consensus on how to respond . Here are the issues I see: Indemnity issues: They should indemnify us from claims by their employees/subcontractors . Indemnity should be triggered by strict liability as well as negligence . What is a cognizant government ? Limit of liability issues: They want to limit their indemnity obligation to 100% of purchase price . They want the limit of liability to apply to gross negligence , if possible . They don't want to clarify that they have to indemnify us for another party's claim for consequentials ( as in a personal injury claim) . We've don't have anything concrete on assignment yet . Comments ? Sheila has asked that we change Wednesday's call to 1100 Central , or 100 Central if 1100 doesn't work . Is this a problem ? Kay They should have to
Hi Allyson , What is your impression of why the NC attorney general's office has intervened in the CPCN proceeding ? Is this typical ? Does the AG's office ( or any other intervenor ) have any special rights to discover any of the confidential information we file ? Thanks , Kay
Calif Pwr Woes Tuesday , September 12 , 2000 08:15 AM ? Mail this article to a friend ( This article was originally published Monday ) WASHINGTON ( Dow Jones)--The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission has limited authority to address flawed electricity markets in California and alleged price gouging by power producers , but will act to overhaul the state's wholesale power markets if necessary , FERC Chairman James Hoecker told a congressional panel Monday . The commission was ready to act once the results of an expedited staff investigation of problems affecting power markets in the U.S . West becomes available , Hoecker said in testimony presented to a San Diego field hearing of the House Commerce Committee's energy panel . "If we need to fix market rules or market structures within our jurisdiction , we will do so," Hoecker told lawmakers . And if price gouging is occurring "as some have alleged," he added , "we will respond accordingly , by revoking market-based rates or otherwise." However , Hoecker stressed that the commission's authority is limited under the Federal Power Act . "The commission has limited ability to relieve the immediate customer crisis . Important aspects of this problem are a state responsibility , such as authorizing construction of new generation and transmission facilities," Hoecker testified . The commission can't act to limit prices charged by power providers "until we have a record supporting such action," he said , referring to the results of the pending staff investigation . Further , he said , the law bars FERC from ordering retroactive refunds to San Diego Gas & Electric Co . for the power it purchased this summer to serve its retail customer base . Hoecker testified before the House Commerce Committee's Energy and Power Subcommittee , which is looking into the supply shortages in California this summer that have forced San Diego electricity consumers to pay twice as much for power as they did a year ago . State Mkt Structure Blamed For Crisis The hearing comes after much wrangling at FERC , as SDG&E , a unit of Sempra Energy ( SRE , news , msgs) , sought an order setting price caps for power bid into the state-sponsored electricity exchange , and power producers sought an order allowing cost recovery for lost opportunity sales if the state's independent grid operator curtailed sales outside California , where price controls don't apply . FERC hasn't yet responded to the producers , and deferred action on SDG&E's bid for price controls until the staff investigation is completed . But it left in place an order allowing the independent system operator to limit the price it pays for power , which acts as a de facto cap on prices bid into the power exchange . Hoecker , while withholding judgment pending the staff probe , appeared to place much of the blame for this summer's crisis with the state-mandated market structure , which left San Diego consumers subject to spot-market volatility . And he appeared to suggest that FERC's order directing utilities to transfer transmission assets to control of large regional transmission organizations , or RTOs , will offer an opportunity to develop a regional solution to the power-supply problem . FERC deferred to California in restructuring the wholesale market in California because its experience with new market institutions such as power exchanges and ISOs was limited , Hoecker said . Other states , such as Pennsylvania , were "less prescriptive than California in telling the commission how their wholesale markets should operate," Hoecker noted . Now , with FERC's Order 2000 encouraging formation of RTOs , "the commission is in a very different posture with respect to the structure of wholesale markets," he said . "Large regional markets can be made to work effectively," Hoecker told the lawmakers , citing the Pennsylvania restructuring as an example . Other witnesses were more forceful in criticizing the state-mandated market structure . By requiring the state's three investor-owned utilities to purchase all their electricity from the power exchange and limiting their ability to hedge price risks by entering into long-term fixed-price contracts , the state left consumers subject to volatility in the state-mandated spot market , said officials with Enron Corp . ( ENE , news , msgs ) and Reliant Energy ( REI , news , msgs) . California's market structure "placed no economic incentives on the default utility providers to look out for the costs that are ultimately passed on to their consumers," Reliant's John Stout testified . "San Diego's experience offers the Congress an unparalleled opportunity to learn from a bungled attempt at deregulation," said Michael Shames , executive director of Utility Consumer's Action Network . Shames and other witnesses warned the congressional committee that California's electricity crisis is likely to occur in other regions of the country unless steps are taken to free up interstate trade in power and allow FERC to better police markets . "California is just the latest problem area in U.S . power markets and , unless policymakers act quickly , it will not be the last," said Enron Corp . ( ENE , news , msgs ) Steven Kean executive vice president . "Unless Congress and FERC are willing to address the interstate issues that are beyond the jurisdiction of state legislators and regulators , I predict that our experience in San Diego is indicative of what others will encounter in trying to create a competitive electricity market," said Edwin Guiles , Sempra's president of regulated operations . "This electricity crisis is not a California-only problem," said Rep . Brian Bilbray , R-Calif. , who represents San Diego and requested Monday's hearing . "We will continue to be in this mess if state and federal officials don't work together to find long-term solutions to the flaws in the marketplace," Bilbray said . -By Bryan Lee , Dow Jones Newswires , 202-862-6647 , bryan.lee@dowjones.com Quote for referenced ticker symbols: EIX , ENE , PCG , REI , SRE ,  2000 Dow Jones & Company , Inc . All Rights Reserved .
Can the gas company also make the same requests ?
Hi there . I changed our SF appointment to 900 on Friday . We have not been successful in getting a hotel room anywhere close to where we are going . There is some big fashion convention in NY , and the rooms are booked as far away as Danbury , Connecticut . Wild , isn't it ? Heather says there is a chance that we will fly out tomorrow , spend tomorrow night in NY , then I can fly to Chicago Thursday am . I still plan on flying back on Thursday pm so that I can make that 900 appointment . That may mean taking the midnight flight , but what the heck . I'll keep you posted . Kay
I won't be in Friday am , as I have a 900 appointment out of the office ( another school visit - I hope we are almost done) . I don't know my travel plans yet . I may (  or may not ) be leaving today . If not , I will be leaving tomorrow . I don't need you to make any arrangements yet . Kay
Please note .
Allyson , What is the proceedure for objecting to a request ( either the intervenor's or the Public Staff's) ? Is our position weakened in resisting an intervenor's request if we have given the same information to the Public Staff ? Thanks again , Kay
I guess you are having some kinda fun over there , hitting the forward button . Actually , I appreciate the info .
It currently appears that I will be on the road Wednesday and Thursday . Figures ! I am going to send you a copy of the marked up interconnection agreement , which has comments from various Enron people . I thought it might help you think about which way to head . I would appreciate receiving an electronic file of the IC you prepared . Talk to you soon , Kay
Is there a time limit for lodging an objection ?
Here's a draft . More names are being added , so feel free to suggest more that we forgot/overlooked , including those external to Enron . Please send the info directly to Suzanne Adams . Lisa , Mitch and Chris , you will be on the next draft . Sorry for the oversight this time around . Thank you , Kay
Please add Lisa Bills , Chris Herron and Mitch Robinson . You have Lisa's info on the GE list . Thanks , Kay
This is the VEPCO contact list , as far as I know . Do we have another one ? ( opps! ) This is the one Gloria did while you were on holiday in the West . ( Doesn't that sound good? ) Kay
Hi Neil , Looks like I'm headed to the Big Apple today , then Chicago tomorrow , back on Thursday . I'll fill you in on the details when I have them . Love , Kay
Please add this name to the Virginia Power part of the list .
Please check with Mike Barnas,Kent Shoemaker ( GE contact list ) and Rose Engeldorf and see if they are available at either 1100 Central tomorrow or 100 Central . If that works for them , please reschedule the conference call , send a confirming email to Mike , Steve Swift , Kent , Marty , Scott , Rose , Sheila ( and leave her a voice mail -she is on the road) , etc . Thanks ! Kay PS . I have a 330 flight today- Heather arranged . I'll let you know the details when I have them . I'll travel to Chicago tomorrow , returning to Houston tomorrow at a decent hour .
I'm either losing my mind or my email . Did you send me an email re GE ? I thought I saw one , but now I can't find it . Is that a trick , and if so , how do I do it ? Could you resend it , please ? Thanks , Kay
Ben , We have a draft of the VEPCO "standard" interconnect , which has been internally reviewed by Mitch Robinson and Christi Nicolay . Would you like a copy ? Nancy Wodka ( Bracewell & Patterson , DC office ) is outside counsel working on it as well . We have had no substantive discussions with VEPCO about this agreement at all . Let me know how you want to proceed . Thanks , Kay
Important question.. . Where should I stay in Chicago ? Thanks , Kay
flying to NYC at 330 on CO . Don't know flight number . Don't know where I'm staying in NYC . WED: Fly from Newark to Chicago tomorrow at 645 pm . Don't know where I'm staying in Chicago . THURS: Fly from Chicago to Houston , leaving at 200pm , arriving at 428 . That's all I know for now . Kay
Hey Ken , I'm so sorry . I'm not trying to hide ! I just found out I have a 300 flight to NYC on a deal I know little about , then on to Chicago , no hotel rooms in either city but GOTTA GO , not sure of the return . In short , I've been Enronized . I picked up your number on a scrap of paper instead of the travel agent's number ( different scrap of paper I still have not found) , and when you answered I couldn't figure out who I called . At least your email helped me get back to reality . I apologize for the confusion , for not getting back to you , etc . Please don't read anything into it other than your glimpse into Enron . My sense is I'd better not commit to anything this week , since I literally don't know whether I am coming or going . Thanks , Kay
One of them is essential to the call . If they can't change the time but 130 Central is still ok with them , then leave it as is . Please leave me a voice mail of the outcome . Kay
Laura , I'll be in your offices 1st thing Thursday morning . Is that a good time foyou ? Kay
Just to complete the picture .
fyi . No hotel in NYC yet.. .
Hi Julie , Do I have seat assignments on the last two legs ? Many thanks , Kay
Laura , Here is a draft transfer price agreement: I'm sure we may want to add some details , etc , but at least this gives us a beginning point . I'm hoping that you received the revised draft of the Manlove LOI on September 8 which incorporated your initial comments to the first draft . We can discuss what you see as the most efficient path forward , and any additions , etc , you think are necessary . I look forward to seeing you on Thursday , and breathing some cooler air for a change . My cell phone is 713 304 8716 , should you need to reach me in the meanwhile . I will also be checking my voicemail , but will not be picking up email . Kay
I'm walking into the lion's den on Thursday ( a/k/a Chicago ) to discuss various matters . I know Laura is anxious to move forward on the Manlove deal . I thought it might be really neat if we ( Legal ) could have a game plan for this deal , described by Laura as being "like the Bammel deal" . If I can get Laura to commit to a time , how about a conference call to discuss where to go with this ? I'm taking the long way to Chicago ( via Connecticut) , but will be checking voice mail , etc . Thanks , Kay
Hello from Chicago . I'm in Enron's offices , so I can pick up email . Once I figure out what is going on with the ENA Legal reorganization , I should be able to figure out who to ask about hiring needs . Then we should talk about how to get John into the program . Maybe EECC has too many lawyers now . How ironic , considering how busy we were this time last year . Things change ! Talk to you soon , Kay
Hey there . I don't think I've been fishing since July . Geez , it is half way through September . I'm in Chicago today ( NYC yesterday) . A whirl wind tour . I hear the Aquarium closed - killed by bike lanes . Two weeks later the owner died . We need to find a "new" dive . Kay
I gave Ben a very preliminary draft recently , then I left town ( I'm in Chicago today , NYC yesterday) . I want to make sure I've addressed his concerns before drafts start floating around . He and I are trying to get coordinated so that we can widen the circle a bit . Hope this answers your questions . Kay
Sheila , Just want you to know that I am thinking of you as I amuse myself , waiting for my meeting to begin . Kay Sounds good to me . Next week , that is , not St . Louis .
I should be in the office after 1100 on Friday . Are you available ? Kay
Could you please email me the names of the officers of Enrow MW , LLC ? Thanks , Kay
You are my hero... .
Revised draft . Da Bulls toner is low , so the draft doesn't look good , and I don't know where the others print . Guess I could just listen for it.. .
Let me clarify . She sold the place when the city put in bike lanes because it screwed up the parking . I've heard wonderful , divey things about the Roll-in . A top prospect .
The real deal:
Deb , Could you please check with the state of incorporation ( I believe Delaware ) and the Corp Secretary's office to see if the papers have been processed in both places ? Thanks , Kay
Hi guys , Just wanted to check to see if there is a "go by" affiliate EPC contract , destined to be 97 10 compliant ? I'm ready to start working on it from ENA's standpoint . Thanks , Kay
Kay
Scott , I'll give you what we got from FCE when we meet at 300 . Remind me if I forget ! Kay
For your information .
Hi Sheila , When you have a moment ( ha ha ) could I get a copy of a couple of power project risk memos ? Thanks , Kay
Here at Enron the lawyers generate risk memos in connection with transactions , summarizing the more important legal risks in a deal . I've been taking notes along the way , but I will be asking you for your thoughts here shortly . A discussion will be all I'm looking for at this time . Thanks , Kay
Today is not a good day for me to go out after work . I'm planning on picking up my sweetie ( Michael ) from school , since I've been out of town . I would vote for the Roll-in . No question . I would buy just to see Keffer there . Kay
Can you tell if the documents have been filed in the state of incorporation ? Could you send me an email with a description of what you learned about how this done ? I know the procedures weren't followed . Thanks , Kay
Is John there ? What do you want to do this weekend ? Should I thaw sausage for tonight ?
How does everybody look for a discussion concerning the VEPCO interconnection agreement on Tuesday , Sept 19 ? I've checked with Christi , Mitch and Reagan , so they don't need to confirm . Details to follow.. . Thanks , Kay
Please see if you can get a conference room , allowing 2 hours for the meeting . Thanks , Kay
I should mention 900am as the time ! Enron North America Corp .
Russell , I don't believe we intend to qualify in all of those states . Kay
Please see if there is any way we can have it in the same elevator bank . I will ask to have it on 29 , so you won't need to check there . Hope you've had a great weekend . The weather was PERFECT!!! ! Kay
Hi Reagan , Is a conference room available on 29 ? We are having a hard time finding a meeting place . Thanks , Kay
What could be better than a meeting on an interconnection agreement ? I know I need to organize another turn of the C&E agreement . I'm going to give it a look and see what open issues we might have . Kay PS Isn't the weather perfect ? I thought of our friends in VA and NC with the hurricane remnants headed their way . Hope it isn't too bad .
If I show , it will be only to lend support to those with real input , AND to show legal department solidarity ( ie , avoid later lawyer shopping) . Thanks for the info . Kay
Please calendar . Also , Thursday is my mom's birthday , so I need to remember to shop for her at lunch tomorrow . Thanks , Kay
Hi Sheila , Shall we try to get the Enron groups together to discuss the approach we want to take with GE in our next phone call ? If so , please advise of any time you have available on Monday , and I'll get it set up . Thanks , Kay
Just want you to know that I should be getting an EPC form to work on from EECC re 9710 . I didn't get to discuss this with J . Schwartzenburg on Friday , since I didn't see him for after work on Friday . I opted to see Michael instead since I had been out of town . I've got the form break out contract for the LM 6000's . I'll get it ready for you to review re the ESA deal . It will probably take me a few days to get it in shape to let it go . Hope you've had a great weekend . I don't think the weather could have been better . Kay
I'm trying to avoid a two elevator ride , if possible . God forbid I should take the stairs ! I'll let you know what he comes up with , if anything . Kay
FYI , Reagan is a man , a developer in Ben Jacoby's group . I checked the paper for an obit about Don . Was there one ? How was his mother ? Are you going to Jillian's on Thursday ? Can't wait to see pics . I'll be by soon . Kay
Power Assets is currently Sheila's group , pre-reorg .
Long conference calls make me happy about having email . Do you want Brian/Lisa/anyone else commercial ? Kay
How about meeting in advance of tomorrow's 130 phone call to discuss the approach we want to take with GE ? I'm suggesting 400 this afternoon . Please let me know how this works for you . Thanks , Kay
I should have included you also . Are you available ? Thanks , Kay
Lisa , I inadvertently left you off the list . Hope you can come . Kay
Lisa Bills and Brian Barto are also invited . I haven't heard from anyone yet . Please call the list around 200 to see if people are available . Also , can you find a conference room ? Thanks , Kay
Hi Karen , I'm looking at a version which was faxed on Sept 13 . If this the final version ? Expecting the answer to be "yes" , I am reviewing it now . Kay
I suppose a location would help ! Location TBD , I'll make sure you get a call . Kay Enron North America Corp .
I can come !
I'm looking at it right now . Could you please email it to me ? Thanks , Kay
My understanding is that Illinois is the only one , unless enovate will have employees or inventory in any other states . It is my understanding that it will not . Gregg , Russell , Matt , please speak up if I'm missing something . Kay
I'm going to work really hard this week to see if I can catch up a bit , and take a day off soon .
No surprises with CW . She's very nice to me , but she does like to keep very specific hours . I get the impression that leaving 15 minutes past 5 really bothers her . Just watch , and see .
Karen , I don't run across many people without email these days . Big hassle . It is so much easier to check for certain issues with an electronic copy . I'm looking for the Fehr option , but the latest I have on my computer is the version I emailed to you on August 30th . Is there a more up-to-date version , and if so , could you please mail it to me ? Thanks , Kay
This makes me crazy . I ask her to send me a document , and she copies TWO partners on the transmittal , plus Fred and Rusty .
Good . I feel better . I just don't think we owe them enough yet .
It is mainly a tax issue ( whether we have to pay franchise tax) , and ENA Tax says we don't need to register . At least that's how I understood it . I'll double check . We can do the name change and register later . That's no problem . Kay
Here are my observations: I agree with Rusty re: the put option complicating things for us . Second , there has to be an absolute end to this agreement at some point . If we want to have an automatic extension by commencing construction , there still needs to be a date certain after which we can go forward without them no matter what . In other words , if we want to add the language Rusty suggested , it should be limited to x months after the expiration of the option agreement . We'll need to run this back through Accounting . I really don't like the inclusion of the language in paragraph 5 . If we add the language requested in paragraph 5 , we need to run this agreement back through Accounting , and we may need to add some other additional language . I don't know if Rusty and Fred think we may need a zoning change for this parcel . Kay
Due to a last minute conflict , we need to reschedule this meeting . How does everybody look for Wednesday ? Sorry for any inconvenience . Kay
Karen , Please send me the revised version with the language you believe reflects Rusty's suggestion . Otherwise , I will have to go to Accounting twice . Please email me with the specific performance language you want to add to meet their request . Thank you , Kay
Viola
As soon as I get a redline , I'll get it to Accounting and we can go forward quickly . I will also process the Virgil and Joan Ledford deal at the same time . I just had a meeting cancel for tomorrow , which will help . Kay
Sorry for the inconvenience . Ozzie had to leave town , and he wanted to participate in the first meeting . I'm sure we will get something worked out . Kay
Allyson , Here is a very recent version of the PPA: Kay
Hi Sara , I believe we still have an interest in using an Enron form as a go by for the Enron/Peoples activities . If you can give me what you are comfortable with , I will make sure it is transmitted with the appropriate caveats , confidentiality restrictions , etc . Thanks , Kay
Here tis . We'll be turning a new draft to Peoples today or tomorrow , but I figure it needs to go to Allyson now . Kay
Hi Cle , We need a revolving loan agreement between Midwest ( now enovate ) and Enron . Please call me at your convenience to discuss ( 713 345 7566) . Thanks , Kay
Hi there , Any luck with the form to work with on the affilate/epc/97 10 compliant contract ? Thanks , Kay
Hi Allyson , Someone was asking which of the information we have filed is public information . Is the petition itself public ? What else would be public ? I know this is a variation to the "what is confidential" question . Once again , your assistance is appreciated . Kay
Hi Kay , I hate to admit this , but I need another copy of whatever confidentiality agreement we have with Virginia Power . Thanks again , Kay
This may be our best bet .
This information is helpful . Is the draft of the PPA submitted by VEPCO confidential ? Thanks , Kay
Hi Heather , The confidentiality agreement signed by Enron/Vepco states as follows: Except as required by law , neither party hereto nor their representatives will disclose to any person either the fact that discussions or negotiations are taking place between them not any terms , conditions or other fact with respect to any transaction that may be proposed or undertaken , including the status thereof . We can loosen up the terms in the contract so that we can disclose certain terms to potential investors ( I'll make that change) , or we can discuss amending this agreement . Additionally , it looks like we have the testimony and application filed with the Public Staff to work with . Kay
One more thing . Did someone send you copies of equipment contracts ? Those have confidentiality provisions which need to be considered . Therefore , please advise what you received from Enron in that regard . I was under the impression that most of what we were submitting we were submitting as confidential information , specifically including the responses to the Public Staff's data requests . I don't recall the specifics at this point . Thanks again , Kay
I don't know what I have in mind . Austin ? Palacios ? I'm still struggling with the concept that if we see my parents for a holiday , we have to include your mom , or vice versa . That just wasn't how it worked in our family growing up - we typically spent holidays with one or the other , rarely with both . I'm trying to figure out the rules . I haven't heard from St Francis yet . Kay
This is a very rough draft based on an agreement done previously with a jv company . I'm sending it for Enron review only , since I haven't even read the entire thing yet . I thought you might want to take a look at it to see what you think , and to consider the scope of the services to be provided . As for legal services , one alternative would be to have the services provided by an outside law firm , not associated with either principal . Could you forward me what you received from Clement regarding the corporate guaranty issue ? I would like to see what's the latest in that regard . Thanks , Kay
I think all of us who deal with assets are running across confidentiality hurdles in all kinds of agreements , including confidentiality agreements . In short , our business people need the ability to disclose agreements to potential purchasers of projects , contracts and assets , and not all of our forms allow this . I'm trying to include an exception for "potential lenders and investors" whenever I can ( instead of just lenders) . Does someone have a more artful or effective solution ? Just wanted to share the thought so that more eyes could be watching for the issue . Kay
HOUSTON ( Dow Jones)--In the latest update of Enron Corp.'s ( ENE , news , msgs ) bandwidth trading activities , the company's chairman said Tuesday that it has completed about 90 trades of telecommunications bandwidth . Speaking at the Dain Rauscher Energy 2000 Conference , Enron Chairman Ken Lay talked about the current status and futures plans the company has for bandwidth trading and broadband services . Asked what kind of company Enron is , Lay gave an answer that shows the recent expansion of the company's business strategy beyond energy . Enron is still basically "an energy and broadband company," he said . While energy is still the source of most of Enron's revenue , Lay's answer underlines the growth potential it sees in broadband services and bandwidth trading . A number of Enron officials have been quoted in the last year as saying that , in a few years , it could be making as much money from those areas as it now makes from its lucrative natural gas and power businesses . Enron plans to spend $600 million-$650 million this year and about the same amount over the next two to three years on broadband and bandwidth trading , Lay said . It will spend more during that time if necessary . In fact , the company is planning to sell energy assets around the world in emerging markets that aren't growing quickly enough to meet Enron's standards . Proceeds will be deployed into businesses like broadband and bandwidth trading , which are growing more quickly , he said . In pioneering bandwidth trading as a commodity , Enron's 90 bandwidth deals put it far ahead of competitors in that nascent market area . El Paso Energy Corp . ( EPG , news , msgs ) officials have said they have done 5-10 bandwidth trades this year . Companies like Williams Communications Group ( WCG , news , msgs ) won't talk about the number of bandwidth trades they have made . Bandwidth is the capacity to move data between two points on a telecommunications network . Enron will finish deploying its domestic telecommunications network by the end of this year , Lay said . Some of the fiber-optic network will be lit , or made operational , this year with the rest to be lit later . The company has four bandwidth trading pooling points completed in New York , Los Angeles , Las Vegas and London . Enron's current plans call for a total of 13 pooling points . Bandwidth trading pooling points are facilities where telecom carriers can connect to each other to allow data to flow from one carrier to another , facilitating bandwidth trading . Enron plans to begin delivering movies to home via broadband connections in December as part of its deal with Blockbuster Video and a number of telecom carriers . The deal is a 20-year exclusive , worldwide deal with a potential contract value of more than $1 billion to Enron , according to materials the company handed out at the conference . By Michael Rieke , Dow Jones Newswires , 713-547-9207 , michael.rieke@wsj.com Quote for referenced ticker symbols: ENE , EPG , WCG , WMB ,  2000 Dow Jones & Company , Inc . All Rights Reserved .
Hi Guys , I'm trying to figure out what info we submitted from which turbine contracts . Could someone please identify the contract and what was sent to Allyson ? Thanks , Kay
Gregg , Sheila was telling me that Enron has an ISDA agreement with Peoples , and there's some guaranty language there , also . I'll try to track this down . Kay ps I've asked Sara for the ISDA agreement . I'll let you know when I get it .
My fax number is 63491 . FYI , I want to see if we are in compliance with the confidentiality provisions of those contracts . In fact , I would like to get a copy of the 501 D contract ( I have the GE contract) . Do you have a copy of the entire thing ? Thanks , Kay
So do you know where the piece of the contract came from ? Maybe we can track down the rest . I have seen an electronic copy of a contract which may or may not be the correct one since the delivery date is last June . I think ENA needs a complete copy of the contract , including any executed change orders . Do you think someone in your group might have that ? Many thanks , Kay
I think it would be a good idea . We really need the ENTIRE executed contract , with change orders ( opps , said that already) , and I only have an electronic copy .
No good deed goes unpunished .
Hi Karen , Our accounting contact is leaving tomorrow at 100 , so it would be helpful to get this information as soon as possible . It would also help if you could send a redline against the version I had sent you , as this was the last draft reviewed by Accounting . Thanks , Kay
Nancy , I knew you were thinking about it , so I didn't worry . I'm monkeying around the PPA , only because I had a meeting with Ozzie and Heather late last night . Will you be picking up emails in the next day or so ? I can forward you what I've done for your review . We need to get a Enron/BP dialogue going concerning the lease with the City of Rocky Mount . When do you want to discuss this ( or have us discuss it with the right B & P person) ? Thanks , Kay
Speaking of options... .
I don't think I saw that happen .
I need to set up a conference call with the outside lawyer who will be drafting the lease ( and other docs) . Who would like to participate in the call ? How about Thursday am ? Thanks , Kay
viola Thank you for your response . It is always refreshing to get good news !
I'm at home this am trying to get it finished up . I just couldn't get 15 clear minutes at the office .
Here are my comments: Revise "whereas" clauses to make it an option for an easement , not a current grant of an easement . Should we be able to enter all of Parcel 2 for due diligence , as opposed to just the easement area ? ( paragraph 7 ) Matt , I wanted you to be aware of paragraph 17 . Kay
I'm at home this am , working .
What do you think of this ? ( sorry it isn't redlined yet ) ( b ) Intra-Day Scheduling . Buyer may , upon at least four ( 4 ) Hours minimumadvance notice to Seller , request changes to a Schedule by way of an Intra-Day Schedule Notice . Any such changes shall be in increments of at least 50 MW and may not exceed the Contract Capacity nor reduce the Schedulto less than four ( 4 ) Hours . If the Intra-Day Schedule Notice requires anincrease in the Scheduled Energy per the Day-Ahead Schedule Notice , Sellershall , at its sole discretion determine whether to dispatch the Facility orprovide Energy from Market Sources . Seller shall use commercially reasonabefforts to provide Buyer with a price to accommodate Buyer,s Intra-DaySchedule Notice . Such price shall include lost profit from any transactionwhich would be cancelled in order to accommodate Buyer,s Intra-Day SchedNotice , plus all additional costs ( whether direct or indirect); provided,however , that such costs shall be limited to costs actually incurred by Seller ( including cost of cover , penalties , liquidated damages , cancellatiocharges or the like due to another Person ) with respect to ( i ) transactionsentered into by Seller with other Persons prior to receipt of Buyer,s Intra-Day Schedule Notice ( provided that such transactions and the terms thereof can be verified in an audit to be performed in accordance with Section 8.3 , ( ii ) transactions that must be entered into by Seller in orderto accommodate Buyer,s Intra-Day Schedule Notice or ( iii ) extra costs incurred in operating the Facility to accommodate such notice . For the avoidance of doubt , such costs shall not include Seller,s lost opportunicosts with respect to transactions that Seller may have been able to obtainbut were not entered into by Seller prior to receipt of the Intra-Day Schedule Notice . If Buyer accepts Seller,s price , then the Schedule shall be revised to reflect the changes . If Seller is unable to accommodate BuyerIntra-Day Schedule Notice , such Hours shall not be included as Scheduled Energy for the purpose of determining the Forced Outage Rate . Seller shallhave the right , but not the obligation , to resell any Energy not taken byBuyer due to a decrease in Energy pursuant to an Intra-Day Schedule Noticeprovided , however , that the revenues from any such sales will be offset against the additional costs to be charged to Buyer as provided in this Section 3.4(c) .
I called in for the Finance meeting . I'm trying to finish up an important document and could never get a half hour without interruption . I should be in after lunch . Kay
I've returned the Staff's phone call , but got voice mail . It would be helpful to discuss this before I talk to them . Could we schedule something around noon ( or later) ? Thanks , Kay
Now you know why I'm at home .
I just checked my messages . Nothing from SF yet .
Maybe we give it a couple of hours . I'm getting nervous , but I tell myself that whatever works out will be for the best .
No problem . I got some comments from Accounting , but I'm fine if you want it to go out with the caveat that Enron has a couple of minor administrative points to clear up . Kay
I know I'm repeating myself...thank you , thank you , thank you... .
I'm working as fast as I can . Things connect together , so it takes a little while . I think I'm about done with the hard stuff .
I still have to fix the liquidated damages/termination stuff , but here's a redline for you to look at . I picked up the comments from others ( Terry , Christi ) and these should be lined as well . I should be done soon .
I'm losing it . GLAD YOU LOOKED!! !
I need to provide the NCPUC a copy of the incorporation documents as soon as I can . How long will it take ? Kay
I spoke with Bob Henson . His questions were: ownership of LLC ( I'm getting the documents ) and status of PPA . Kay
Yikes . I think I'd still rather be a woman , although now I can't remember why I feel that way .
Got anything ? Should have been signed this year . Thanks , Kay
I think the LLC agreement would be a big help . Thanks !
Yes , and please add me , too . I can't remember if I mentioned that before .
This Friday - Michael goes for a visit at St . Francis , which may be his new school ( so far , so good) . I'll be in around1000 Most Fridays I'm going to TRY to pick Michael up since I'm away so much , which means leaving by 445 or so . October 4 , ENA orientation in the am . October 19/20 , Neil is out of town , so I have to pick Michael up from school ( leave at 430 ) October 26/27 , hope to be vacation time . Neil has a meeting in San Antonio ( usually it is in Miami , San Francisco , Phoenix - not so great this year) . It is the officer's meeting for Enterprise , and spouses are invited . This means we won't be in town for the Compaq thing . Figures , of course . Thanks for asking . I'm watching for some good vacation days , also.. .
We are staying at the Hyatt Hill Country Resort , which is nice . There will be a private party as SeaWorld , which could be fun . They usually do everything first class all the way , since it is the officers shindig . I get to see some nice people I only see once a year . Everyone parties hard , too . Diet time ! I've done ok so far , considering the travel . This means I've lost the weight I gained when I was on the road every week .
I have a couple of questions so I can wrap up the LOI: We refer to licensed Fuel Cell Energy equipment . Do we intend to reference a particular manufacturer , or should this be more generic ? Do we want to attach a draft of the Development Agreement , and condition the final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the same as what's in the draft ? I have a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one . Do we expect to have ONE EPC contract , or several ? I'm looking for the confidentiality agreement , which may be in Bart's files ( haven't checked closely yet) . If anyone has it handy , it could speed things up for me . Thanks , Kay
Forget the ONE or more contract questions . I see we expect to have separate contracts for each project . Enron North America Corp .
On the issue of the contracts , the draft says that the $170m is paid when the EPC contract is signed . Are we expecting that the portion attributable to each project will be paid as the individual EPC contracts are signed ? Thanks , Kay
Remarkably clear explanation .
Here's a draft letter for CRRA . I didn't send it to Jeff since he is out today . Kay
Hi Cle , FYI . Kay
I think you and I may have different documents . Maybe we should compare . Thanks , Kay
What time ?
FYI . Meeting is at 100
Per your request .
FYI , no action requested at this time .
Being first is overrated . IS IT TIME YET?? ?
Allyson , You should receive some formation documents relating to Edgecombe Development . The name is not spelled correctly ( missing an "e") , but that is being corrected at this time . Bob spoke to me about wanting Enron to send a letter concerning the financing arrangements for the project . I would like for us to discuss this as well . Kay
This is a comparison to their version . I think I have a comparison to ours as well . Kay
A comparison to ours . Kay
Hi Gregg , I was out of the office on Friday , so I just now heard your voice mail . I haven't been through all my email , but I haven't seen anything from Stephanie on email . I do have a hard copy version which is too long to fax with confidence . I'll give the forms a look , and fax them your way with some type of disclaimer for Peoples benefit . Kay
I've worked with Kilpatrick Stockton's North Carolina office quite a bit , mostly regulatory- they are so so . It is my understanding that the Atlanta office messed up a simple thing for Lisa , and that's all I know about them . I've worked extensively with King & Spalding , both their Houston office ( multiple matters ) and Atlanta ( two matters) , and have had good results . I've always worked through John Keffer in Houston , who then hooked me up with the right folks in Atlanta . Kay
Okey dokey .
Wanna go ? Sounds like fun to me . Michael will love it . Kay
Sounds good to me . I'll check with Neil . I know Michael would love it . Thanks , Kay
Hi John , Question . Can we agree that a form contract will work for both EECC and NEPCO ? Sure would make life easier . Kay
Pretty small stuff from a dollar standpoint . Perhaps the sky is not falling .
Gentlemen , I've recently become involved in the "cell sale" side , meaning the transaction to sell the Fuel Cell equipment cells to CRRA . I've met the Fuel Cell folks , but have not met anyone with CRRA yet . Currently , I'm preparing a letter of intent for Enron/CRRA for the purchase/sale of the cells , have a development agreement prepared by outside counsel to review , and need to come up with a draft purchase agreement for FCE to review . I'll make sure Dan is in the loop on as much of that as he cares to read . I've heard a rumor of an issue regarding the authority of CRRA to purchase the equipment ( perhaps relating to the use of bond money for the purchase) , but haven't come up to speed on that issue yet . I would like to chase down that issue some more before a loud alarm is sounded , however . I'll get a grasp on the hearing protocol , as I know Dave is very interested in that aspect of the process . Kay
Per your request . Kay
This is an internal draft , which has not been sent to CRRA , as far as I know . Kay
Here's my suggestion: 27.3 Consequential Losses . The Parties have agreed to liquidate certaindirect damages and have provided for these damages as Liquidated Damages anCancellation Fees . For purposes of this Section , Liquidated Damages and Cancellation Fees shall not be deemed consequential losses . In no event,whether as a result of breach of contract , breach of warranty , indemnity,tort liability ( including negligence or strict liability without regard tofault ) or otherwise , and whether arising before or after completion of theScope of Work , shall either Party be liable to the other Party for special,indirect , exemplary or consequential losses of any nature whatsoever , including losses or damages caused by reason of unavailability of the Equipment , shutdowns or service interruptions , loss of use , loss of profitsor revenue , inventory or use charges , cost of purchased or replacement poweinterest charges or cost of capital or claims of a Party,s customers . For the avoidance of doubt , the foregoing limitation of liability in this Section shall in no case not limit Seller,s obligation to indemnify , defend and hold harmless Purchaser Indemnified Parties in accordance with Article XX for anclaims Third Party Claim , including Claims involving the Third Party's consequential losses , losses or damages occasioned by third parties . in accordance with Article XX ,
I have in mind a contract that EECC and NEPCO will agree is the ENA form contract , so that there isn't a need to come up with two different contract forms . Is that too high of a mountain to climb ?
I hope this didn't sound flippant , cuz I didn't mean it that way . Kay
This is the one you looked at and left me comments . Your comments aren't in this draft ( timing) , but I want to pick them up in the next go round . When we get together to discuss stuff , maybe we can review this . It is difficult to get your comments over voice mail , as I'm just not that quick ! Kay
Karen , Could we have the option of using a letter of credit versus a corporate guaranty ? ( 8 )
Matt , Since so much of this related to tax , I thought you should have a look at it . Rusty/Fred , I'm not sure of the context of the presentation of the information . Is this something which is going to the public , or to the governmental entity involved ? If there is something which will be distributed to the public , then we should consider having Enron's PR group bless it . Kay
Hmm .
Hi Dan , One more thing I want to mention . As you know , Enron has a confidentiality agreement with a competitor of Fuel Cell ( I believe it is ONSI) . The agreement has an exclusivity arrangement , which prevents the other company from chasing certain transactions without Enron . Once we really know what we are going to do with FCE , will it be necessary/advisable to waive the exclusivity provision to avoid any restraint of trade arguments ? FYI , When I last discussed the other company with Ozzie and Heather on Friday , they were planning on calling the other company to tell them the general status without violating confidentiality obligations to FCE or CRRA . I will follow up to get the details of the discussion . Kay You made me laugh .
How about meeting in Sheila's office ( 3879 ) at 1030 ?
Hi Stephanie , Thanks for the hard copy of the ISDA docs . Would it be possible to get an electronic version of what you gave me ? Thanks again , Kay
I received your voice mail regarding my comment about substituting the LOC . The reason for this suggestion is to provide flexibility in our financing structures , depending on which entities own equity in the LLC at the time of the posting of the security . Perhaps language such as "an appropriate payment security" or other similar language can be utilized . Please be assured that I have an understanding of the differences between an LOC and a corporate guaranty . The draft responses have been forwarded to the Enron tax department , due to the discussions concerning certain tax issues . I believe it is appropriate to get their approval of the language prior to these answers being released . Also , I don't believe I fully appreciate the context of these questions and answers , and how and to whom these answers will be given . A brief explanation would be most appreciated . Thank you , Kay
Here's the latest info I have . Other than that Mrs . Lincoln.. .
I thought it was an excellent synopsis .
Has anyone given any thought to the creation of a new company to enter into the CRRA/Fuel Cell purchase/sale transactions ? Any names to suggest ? If Enron is going to be the contractor as contemplated by the PDA , I would expect to use a limited liablity company and not ENA . Please advise . Kay
I can call you when I get out of my meeting , but it might be awhile . Or , it might be 600 . Dunno .
FYI . I'll bring you the ONSI confidentiality agreement .
Got anything that looks like a confidentiality agreement with a company called ONSI ? Should have been signed this spring . Thanks . Kay
Hi Sarah , Thank you so much for your efforts to get this scheduled . However , it doesn't look today is going to work . Since spoke earlier this week , Michael has been accepted to private school , where we believe we will move him . However , we still haven't determined what to do about speech therapy , and would appreciate the benefit of your evaluation and expertise , especially since Michael is eligible to receive services at VO . Is it possible to schedule a meeting with that in mind ? Thanks again , Kay
FYI , and for us to discuss .
Just a reminder that the Enron team is planning to meet a half hour before the call ( 330) . Kay
In connection with the attached , please note the highlighted language at the end of the document . We couldn't decide what it means , so it needs to be re-written or deleted . The party we are contracting with is Virginia Power , not NC Power . If we misstated this previously , we would like to clear it up now . Thank you , Kay Mann
Karen , It appears to me that this version of the document allocates a new risk to Enron: risk of damage to a certain road during construction . It would seem that the responsibility to repair it should be limited to damage done as a result of the construction . Also , it is unclear as written as to whether we can repair it ourselves , or whether the City fixes it and sends us the bill . What is the intent ? Thank you , Kay
Here are my observations: I'm not certain that an Enron entity will provide a performance guaranty . I agree that the commercial deal is that a portion of the fee will be at risk for a performance problem . Is the reference to the "State" a reference to the DPUC or CRRA ? As far as I know , the CRRA deal is still in the works , with nothing but a confidentiality agreement ( with an exclusivity provision ) signed , and in my opinion should not be presented as being a done deal . Kay
I'm good anytime after 900 am on Monday . Kay
Here's a marked version of suggested changes . Would it be preferable to be consistent with the use of the names VEPCO and Capacity and Energy Agreement ? Kay
Good afternoon , Our son Michael will be in your class beginning next Monday , October 2 , so I wanted to introduce myself . I hope we will get to meet in person soon . Is there anything you would like to suggest that we do to make the transition easier ? I picked up the package of information today , and will read it tonight . l won't ask any questions until I do my homework . I look forward to seeing you soon ! Kay
1 . I haven't seen the paperwork on the name change . I asked around yesterday , and I have someone checking it out . Initially going through Corp ( vs . ENA ) made it a bit more complicated to track down . 2 . I believe I sent you a form services agreement to review . I think that the parameters for performing certain services can be captured by way of reference to a named guideline or procedure , or by attachment as an exhibit . I will resend the email for your easy reference . Hope this helps . Kay
Hi Heather , Don't have the answers to your questions , but I wanted you to see the attachment to Gregg's email . It outlines some of the commercial aspects of the loan agreement , although it might not be in a form you can easily decipher . Kay
So do we now have an Enovate/enovate ? Thanks , Kay
I had the definite impression he was going to call you . I also know he is working on a different deal on an impossible schedule . You know the drill . Bart is a Washington & Lee guy . He is older than Ned , so he didn't go to school with him . Just a little trivia.. . Kay
Sounds like progress .
No response required - fyi .
Heather , This is a rough cut of a services agreement . Since the loan agreement , services agreement and LLC agreement are all pieces of the same puzzle , I thought I would send it your way . Kay
Hi Fred , I will check with Herman again to get his final comments . Kay
Can Legal be far behind ?
I'm headed to a lengthy conference call , but I wanted you to have this info . Anything going on with Manlove ? Kay
FYI . I don't think it will take long to get a draft . I'm happy to coordinate with Sarah and Accounting . Is it Mary Lynn that I should talk to ? Kay
I have not dropped it off yet . Can he be set up for Monday ?
FYI .
I working with outside counsel to get a draft of the revolver prepared . She ( outside counsel , Heather Brown ) has summarized the information I have given her as follows ( see below) , and I would appreciate your input as to whether it is accurate . Once we get a draft we can sit down and discuss it , and make sure we are on the right track . I believe Gregg said that this needs to be in place within 2 weeks . Thanks , Kay Thanks for the information . If I deciphered this correctly , this is going to be what I would call an "autoborrow" facility . . . Enovate's cash flow is swept into an account . Each day: ( i ) if Enovate's cash position is short ( and availability remains under the loan agreements ) advances are made under each loan agreement ( probably directly into the acount) , and ( ii ) if Enovate's position is long , the positive balance of the account is applied towards the outstanding loan balances , if any . We'll need to get minimum target amounts ( i.e. , do you really want them paying down $1.00 of each loan? ) from the business people . Based on the foregoing , I suspect that these will be single-lender , prime rate based loan agreements ( otherwise it would be a huge operational headache) . Once you confirm the single lender part , that will be enough preliminary information for me to start on a loan agreement .
How could I resist such an opportunity ? Enron North America Corp .
With a typical contractor a tight schedule usually increases the cost . You might check to see how much a delay in COD to , say Aug 1 , might lower the cost of construction . Not to say that it will , but it might .
BUSY , as usual . Kay
I thought Tom wanted to change the time . Did he get with you on that ?
Hi Heather , Any idea what the analyst starting salary might be ? If not , can you point me in the right direction ? I know you don't have anything better to do , but I really appreciate it . Kay
Heather , Just go to your DASH form file and pull out language from another deal just like this one . That's how we handle things on the 38th floor . Kay
A more lucid explanation of the issues .
Lee , Can you see me a Word ( or WordPerfect ) file for this letter ? Thanks , Kay
Gentlemen , I haven't seen the 501D contract yet . Is it on its way or perhaps been misdirected ? Thanks , Kay
Hi Paul , I've been reviewing the draft facilities agreement , which is now getting to be a hot topic . One thing to keep in mind is that we would really prefer that the facility agreements not refer to the May 12 agreement , if this is possible . Could you please give this some thought and review the document with this in mind ? I look forward to discussing this with you soon . Thanks , Kay
Hi Paul , This will need the same facilities agreement treatment as the GE contract we are working on . Thanks , Kay
3841 is my office number .
I've made a stab at revising Lee's letter .
Heather , I haven't heard back from anyone on the single lender issue , but I say go for it , assuming a single lender deal . At least that gives us something to work with . Thanks , Kay
Allyson , Here's a suggestion on the language to address the issue of termination "for any reason" . On page 3 , line 18 , insert after "limits" , deleting the remainder of the sentence: Applicant's requirement to notify the Commission to instances where the Agreement is terminated as a result of Applicant's default . Thanks , Kay
Are we good to go ? I forgot to show my husband your pictures . If it is ok with you , I'll bring them back on Monday . Have a great weekend , Kay
For those who don't have these numbers , here we go: I have Ozzie and Heather's contact numbers as well , but don't see any reason to take up their time unless something commercial arises . Jeff , I'll be glad to hold you numbers in trust as well . I have nothing special planned ( there goes my wild image) , so I'm available anytime . I'm going to read over the latest versions , keeping in mind that the commercial deal is done . Kay
Good luck , and fire ( release , shoot , fling ) straight ! Kay
It took place . We made some progress in indemnity and LOL . The carve outs from the LOL remain an open issue . We had some helpful discussion about assignment , but I'm not sure how much progress was made . You were assigned NO tasks this week ! Kay
Stuart has finished his review of the PR invoices , and not the massive pile is on my desk . Here's the VEPCO version .
Much grass .
Please start me a Fuel Cell notebook , beginning with the clean versions of the documents listed below ( don't need the redline) . The binder needs to be at least a 2 inch binder . Thanks , Kay
Scott has given me some comments on the LOI , which I hope to discuss and incorporate today . Does anyone else have any comments ? Thanks , Kay
Hi there . I made changes in accordance with our meeting on Friday . Please let me know what other changes you would like to see . Thanks , Kay
Yes .
I suggest the changes as shown on the attached . Chris is researching a drawing number so that we have them committed to a certain specification . I've added the concept of a date certain for the delivery . I'm referring to these as "Equipment" and part of the "Units" so it is clear that the warranties apply . Is there any change to the sound guaranty level ( or other guarantees ) for the units utilizing these stacks ? Kay
Always !
FYI
I thought someone from Trading should give this a look . Thanks , Kay
I'm out October 9 and 27 .
I'm trying to pick a favorite .
Here is the ABB contract you referenced in your email . I am working on a 97-10 compliant EPC contract for NEPCO/EECC . However , I wonder about the challenges presented with the need for NEPCO to enter into subcontracts and purchase orders which preserve the accounting treatment all the way down the line . This is a very tall order given the contracting environment . Your email is an excellent description of the challenges of doing a deal off the balance sheet , and worthy of further discussion . Kay
I'm just afraid to say anything about anything because of what you said the other night about , gee you can't do anything right . I guess I'm a little upset because you comment on how I do things ( I don't even try to fold clothes , pack the car , unpack the groceries , load the dishwasher , etc. ) but if I say something about how you do something , you get upset and say you can't do anything right ( so I should feel guilty about saying anything about anything) . Gotta go . We can talk about it later if you want . Love , Kay
Here's the latest revision inserting the drawing numbers . Is it ready to go to GE ? Scott , payment for change orders is addressed in the contract .
I would think cocktail attire . What time are the receptions ?
Just a small piece of internal discussions regarding the revolving line of credit and how it ties in with the enovate bank account .
Roxanne , Thank you for calling last night . We took Michael out for dinner to celebrate his first day at SF , and missed your call . Michael had a great first day . All the kids drew portraits of him , and he got a big kick out of it . I noticed on the class list that you live in Spring Valley . We live on Inverness Park Way , and used to live on Cedarspur a few years back . It is nice to know that Michael has a classmate in the neighborhood . Again , thanks for calling . Kay
Tough time of day to dress for , but I think you have it figured out .
I don't have a lot of formal stuff that fits me now - I've gained weight in the past 18 months . I may do a little shopping .
Hi Scott , Here's a revised draft for your review and comment . I've taken out the balance of plant warranty because you raised a valid point about them knowing what BOP entails . So now it is just a warranty . I've also been more explicit about our fee . I think there's a bit of confusion embedded in the document because of the uncertainty about who is doing what , but I haven't come up with a simple fix yet .
Sorry , didn't mean to forget you .
That's a good one .
I knew you guys would hit a home run ! I have a conference call at 330 , then I'll come see you . Kay
Please print for me . Thanks , Kay More to go with that other print job .
Warning: I have not even opened this to see how it looks . The goal is to delete the reference to WestLB and the master agreement , so I know there is work to be done along those lines . At least this is a start . Kay
This is for the PSCO project , and Ben wants Chris to sign it . I'm thinking that this is Dale's project , so I'm sending him a copy . If it looks ok to you I will clean it up and send it to GE for their review . Kay
Maybe I'll get your address right this time .
Jerry , Thanks . I'll give it a look immediately , and will discuss the game plan with Heather . Congratulations on wrapping up the alliance and associated agreements . Looks like an interesting and exciting opportunity for both companies . Kay
Kent , Here's a revised change order #2 . Please let me know if you have any comments: Thanks , Kay
Kent , Here's a revised letter agreement . It is being reviewed internally , but I wanted to get it to you today anyway , as I will be out of the office beginning tomorrow around 1100 . Kay
FYI , I am attaching the current term sheet for the Rio Gen EPC contract which is has been approved by AA and I believe Global Finance . Kay
Here is the current rev of the EECC "standard" form which I am reviewing/massaging in connection with the 97 10 exercise . It includes the exhibits , where I think you can find something useful . If this doesn't help , please let me know and I will check elsewhere . Thanks , Kay
Mark , I've reviewed the fax sent yesterday with the Proposed Conditions to Special Use for Livingston Energy Center . Is Titan Land Development the Owner ? Will it be necessary for Titan to make the escrow payment prior to exercising the relevant land options and the commencement of construction ? I do not know whether these agreements and/or the making of the deposit would impact the balance sheet treatment , but I understand from Fred that we are not concerned about the balance sheet treatment for this project . Kay
Please order me a 3 hole punch and more letter size red ropes . Thanks! ! Kay
The water could be 100 feet or more away from the dock , depending on how long it blows that hard . I hope our shrimp come back .
There's a rumor going around that you are signing up people for the pilotprogram . If true , I would love to volunteer , as I work at home frequently . Thanks , Kay
Gregg , It is my understanding that Enron and Peoples intend to discuss the most appropriate form of ISDA documentation for enovate to use . Peoples has forwarded a form for our information , and we would like to reciprocate . Therefore , attached per your request are sample ISDA documents as a starting point for discussions . Since these are forms , there will certainly be aspects which will need revision based on discussions between Peoples and Enron . These documents should be treated as confidential . Kay
Hi Ben , Janet has requested that we set you up with signature authority for development documents . How do you want you name to read on the corporate documents ? Thanks , Kay
I volunteered to be a guinea pig .
I've already discussed this with Mark H . and he thought it had already been done . I haven't found any indication that it has been done . I'll follow up immediately . Kay
Deb , I'll get you the particulars , but you get the general idea . I'll have to check on the expense account stuff . Kathleen , you haven't done any thing with this request yet , have you ? Could you get the names of the active development companies so that we can address those , as well as ENA ? Thanks , Kay
Lisa , I haven't seen a copy of the Sept 28th letter yet , but I've been at an offsite , so I might have missed something . I'll get you a copy of CO #1 . CO #2 has been transmitted to GE for comment . I'll have to confirm the status of the MOU and CO#3/#4 . These have bounced around a bit , so I need to nail it down so I don't give you bad information . Kay Enron North America Corp .
Not this week . Maybe next week .
Hi . Just checking in . Michael and I are having a nice morning . I've got my computer plugged in to my home line , but my cell phone is on . Michael has an appointment at 230 , so I will be out of a while . This is great stay home weather . I have fires in the fireplaces . All I'm missing is the smell of bread baking ! Kay
I thought the conference was pretty good . I had a great room , with a HUGE jacuzzi tub . Did anyone get promoted ? No one said anything about promotions , so I figured nothing interesting happened in that regard . I've been throwing out accumulated paper today , cleaned out my person , got out some clothes to give to the maid . It all feels good . I'm going to do email now . See you tomorrow ! Kay
Make that cleaned out my purse , not my person . Geez .
I'm not at the office today , but I probably have a copy of the Option . I don't recognize the Memorandum of Option to Purchase . Do you have a copy of it to see if it gets my memory working ?
okey dokey
Please print and put in the Fuel Cell binder you made me last week . It is on my desk , I think .
Everything went fine . I hope Dan is ok . Did the antibiotics not work ? I know he has been worried , but I thought he was feeling better . Now I'm worried . How old would you mother have been today ? I was wondering about Karen . I wasn't sure what her title was before . I haven't checked voice mail yet . Heather called on my cell phone , which was fine . I hear the Mark ( NYC ) is VERY nice . I hope to get back earlier than 600 on Friday , but not early enough to come in . I'll figure it out tomorrow . Ciao , Kay
Congratulations!!! ! You should be proud . I am !
I suspect that it wasn't recorded . My bad .
Hi Guys , Enron policy requires that the assignment of tasks to outside counsel go through ( or at least be coordinated with ) the legal department . In the future , please let me know what you need so that there can be some order to the process . Did the Fehrs and Ledfords sign the option agreements ? Thank you , Kay
I found the originals , so please disregard my question about same .
How's you dad ? I hope everything went well . Did you make it in time to see him before the surgery ? Kay
I believe this to be the latest draft of the PSCO change order . Kay
I didn't know there were 5 things to get clogged . What a blessing that he had the surgery before he had a heart attack . Somehow I'm not surprised that your dad is a quick healer . Still , going home today is amazing . Kay
You know how I hate to have originals . Please take them from me!!!! !
Once I get the draft I will set up a conference call with the people who can provide the input on the document . If it would be better to have the call before let me know , and I will try to set it up . I'm free tomorrow am if that is a good time for you .
I have the September 13th invoice . Could you fax me the rest ? Thanks , Kay PS . I feel like I had previously approved at least one of these invoices . We have changed accounting systems and invoice processing personnel , so just about anything is possible .
FYI . I've discussed this with Mark and he didn't have any problem with it . Kay
I think the easiest way is a power of attorney . I've talked to Deb Korkmas about it ( I hear she's the one to handle such things) , and I've asked Kathleen to identify the most active development entities so that we deal with as many as possible at once . As for the expense account , I figure she can just tell Ben to sign her name to the reports . ANy other ideas ? Kay
I was wondering if you were there . Hope the weather is better there than in Houston . Is there any water in the bay ? Love , Kay
FYI .
Attached is the most recent draft I have of the change order for the ESA stuff . I think we need to add the info on drawing numbers and delivery dates for the options , much like we did on change order #2 . Please let me know what you think . Kay
It will escalate over time . That's how it worked for me .
This is more like it . If my flight is on time , I should be able to pick up Michael . Kay
opps I read it wrong . Darn .
I am scheduled to be in NYC and Danbury , Connecticut as of tomorrow afternoon , through the remainder of the week . I'm assisting with the negotiation of a contract for the purchase of fuel cells . This is a Jeff Don't know if you guys like to keep up with such things , but I'm glad to keep you informed . Kay
Kathleen , Please call Karen Way at Piper Rudnick and follow up on the points you raised . October 2 sounds good to me for an effective date , but you might as well check with Karen to see if there is a reason she didn't date it . Good job . Thanks , Kay
Anything to get ONE thing off the "to do" list... .
This was sent to me by one of the developers . I believe it relates to an expansion ( or new interconnection ) of the Caledonia facility . I don't know which lawyer has been working on it , so I'm sending it around to see if anyone claims it . Chris thought that someone from Power Trading may have been working on it . Kay
Deb , Let's go ahead with POA's for Ben F . Jacoby for ENA , Tarheel Land Development , Edgecombe Development , and Titan Land Development in accordance with Janet's request and ENA standard practice . Deb , I have the impression that this is something you typically handle , although I'm glad to volunteer Kathleen for the task if that would help . There will be other companies , but we can add these as we go . Kathleen , please advise if there are any which you see as most active at this time . For instance , what are the names of the Florida development companies ? Your assistance is greatly appreciated , as Janet is eager to get this done . Thanks , Kay
Well , I personally would like your input , although I'm not clear who will end up with it . Kay
We can always do the POA's after the fact , if necessary . There are something like 45 development companies , so I hate to do them all at once . I would at least ask Ben to identify key regions . However , you do need the names of the companies anyway , because they are mostly your companies !
Please call Mike and Kent directly . Thanks .
Found it . It was buried beneath a stack . Looks good . I would add something to the effect that the appointment terminates if Ben leaves the company's employment . Thanks ,
I'm glad you mentioned that fact . I'll keep you advised of anything I come across that relates to a peaker . Speaking of which , are you generally aware of a warranty claim against Westinghouse for the Gleason project ? I've been helping Mitch out here and there on it . Kay
Kathleen , Please proceed as outlined . Kay
Ed , Would it be possible to designate which is East/West , as opposed to just deleting the West entities ? That way , us Easterners will know when we are encountering a Western entity . Thanks , Kay
Good thing those offices are big up there . Must be getting crowded .
I've never heard of them .
When do you leave next week ? Kay
Good idea to give them a heads up .
Please call Bruce Silvers with Bingham & Dana in Hartford , Conn , and tell him my trip has rescheduled . Please see if he is available to meet on Monday afternoon , preferably in New York ( although I'll confirm later) . I think it might be helpful if Nick Palatin was available as well . Thanks , Kay Forgot to mention that . Please ask Bruce to check his availability .
fyi . I'll respond later . Back to the contract... .
We might want to consider meeting with the FuelCell team in their offices , if this is less intimidating for them . I may be able to fly up on Monday am and accomplish what I need to do with BD , although flying on Sunday is fine as well . TBD . Kay
Fred , I think Kathleen will be a big help to all of us in improving the flow of paper . I trust her to work up initial drafts of option agreements , subject to my quick review and the review of local counsel . Thanks for your cooperation .
I made a mad dash to get this revised . I can't promise that I incorporated everything we discussed , but I figured I needed to get it to you now .
Are these the ones which didn't have the date ? This is PITIFUL .
Hi Gregg , I've been tied up today so I haven't gotten this to you . Maybe we can talk soon . Kay
Thanks for checking . I'm on message 7 of 9 , and don't have anything from Bruce . Sorry I was cranking this am . I got here at 600am , mostly because I had problems with a document which had to go out today . Kay
I'm in good shape now . Just a little left for today . Is Ric getting sentimental ? Losing someone can make you feel that way , even if it isn't logical . We'll just get through this day and start over tomorrow .
Stuart , Kay's venting for the day: Is it nitpicking to expect outside counsel to ( 1 ) make sure the option agreement is signed AND acknowledged ( 2 ) ascertain whether the thing has the dates filled in , and ( 3 ) makes sure that the legal description is included ? Ok , maybe I'm whining , but I think Mark should know that we are having problems . Have you mentioned anything to him ? Kay
FYI . I haven't read it yet , but thought I would pass it along anyway . Kay
I don't know if you are in the loop on this one .
I may just ask him if anyone else has had problems with the quality of their work , and leave out the billing stuff . If I say anything I won't mention you,although I think you did what you could to control these cowboys . Kay
Hmm . Can you get a picture of the dog ? Neil and I have been talking about getting Michael a dog , and we DO NOT want a puppy . Does she bark much ? Is she hyper ? She's a short haired dog , isn't she ? The problem with the document arose after you left yesterday , and I knew I had to get cracking on it early . I would have had to ask you to be here by 700 , and I figure that was just too much to ask ! Thanks anyway .
It is yours . I never said it would last . If fact , it is a tribute to Enron that that era is over . You've earned the right to doubt my credibility based on your original interview , however .
PS . You will love the government contracting business . Really , I think you will .
Here's the redraft . I fix up the form for you as well . Next email .
And with this email I bid you adieu , hasta manana , ciao , etc . Kay
I may be in trouble!! !
I didn't know he was 50!! !
Yes , thank you so much . It is displayed proudly in my office . It is sooo cute !
Hi Stuart , I'm assuming ( very dangerous ) that you are handling this , as this project does not ring a bell with me . Kay
The attached contains revisions and comments as compiled by EECC and ENA . Kay
I will be out of town , but I think you should definitely be there . I'll mention it to Sheila . Kay
Please . Tuesday afternoon is our best bet , in NYC . Kay
I'm glad she sounds so good . Maybe she can be a back up for next Thursday . Kay
I think we arrive around 215 , so 400 is about as good as we can do . Kay
Is this something I should have Heather Brown participate in ? Kay
Hi Heather , Are you available to participate ? I'm not sure what is on the agenda , but I thought I should check your availability . Thanks , Kay
FYI . Kay
I couldn't remember if I forwarded this to you , so here 'tis . Kay
Karen , As far as I'm concerned you have answered my legal questions . I will add that I think that it is the City which has preserved its option as to who repairs the road since they have approval authority . However , this doesn't seem like a big issue to me . So long as the commercial team is happy with the minor changes with the risk profile , I'm happy . Kay
Any problems/comments ?
We don't need her if we aren't going to discuss the loan . Have you heard from Sara ? I was under the impression that she is out of town this week . Guess I could walk over there and look . Kay
Just to keep you in the loop .
Heather , Doesn't look like this will apply to you . The person we need to include in our discussion is out of town . Talk to you soon , Kay
Janet and Ben , Ben now has signature authority up to $250,000 . Let me know if you have any questions , Kay
Per your request . Is the contract supposed to be an off balance sheet contract ? I'm supposed to be working on the changes necessary to make this one 97-10 compliant , but I haven't done it yet . Maybe you will beat me to it , which is fine by me . Kay
Darn .
Hi there ! Sounds like things are going really well . Neil is working tomorrow ( his turn) , then we have a wedding to go to Saturday night . Paige isn't coming in until Sunday , leaving Tuesday or Wednesday . She's visiting friends in Waco . You know how it goes with juniors . So , it doesn't look good for us to make it to Palacios this weekend . How long are you going to be there ? Gotta get on the phone . Love , Kay
Please cancel this . Kay Mann
Please make this right . Thanks , Kay
We don't have to meet with them... .
Lee , Your changes to the letter look fine to me . I'm attaching the latest version I have on change order #2 . Are we ready to go with this one ? We would like to close out #3 and #4 soon . I believe GE prepared #4 . Could you send me a copy of the latest draft of #4 , as it was inadvertently deleted from my computer . Meanwhile , I'll work to get you a draft of #3 . Thanks , Kay
Lisa , Here is the discussion draft of change order #3 for your review , comment , changes , etc . Once it is finalized ENA would appreciate receiving a note requesting that the change order be executed , with the change order initialled by the appropriate person at ESA . Thanks , Kay
Ben wants Chris to sign this change order . I believe it is in essentially the same form as when I sent it before . Please advise is there are any changes you want made . Thanks , Kay
Would you believe I don't know how late the maid stays ? I think on most Tuesdays she comes in the afternoon , but beyond that I really don't know . I don't know if Paige will be here still , but she might . Buy you really don't need to do that , as we don't mind getting it whenever we next come to Palacios - makes the fun last longer . We won't even celebrate our anniversary until the weekend , as I will be out of town Tuesday-Wednesday ( New York) , and Neil is gone Thursday-Friday ( Dallas) . Tag team parenting ! Love , Kay
Lee , Here's a revised draft incorporating your two suggestions: I've forwarded what I have on the CO ( #3 ) for South America to their lawyer , so I hope it will be wrapped up soon . I've seen reference to the Pleasanton CO , and I know it is in the works as well . It is percolating through the system . Do you have the electronic file for the LV CoGen change order ( #4) , extending the delivery dates ? I'll be in on Monday , although I have a heavy conference call schedule . I'll be easiest to catch towards the end of the day . Kay
Thanks . Unless someone catches me , I'm out at 430 .
I don't know . I'll ask Suzanne .
For the calendar .
Richard , When you get a minute I would like to catch you up on these issues . I think it is appropriate to get outside counsel to look at the two Westinghouse issues we have . Thanks , Kay
Lisa , Per your request . Kay
Karen , Please provide a redline version of this document against the Fehr option , or whichever previous document you started with . Thanks , Kay
She makes me crazy the way she copies three lawyers in her firm eveytime she writes me . A pet peeve !
I leave tomorrow , and will be back on Thursday . There's a bunch of food up here today . You might want to make the trip up this way .
Hi Kathy , I can't remember if you are in the loop on this one . Kay
Hi Bart , I think this is at least close to the final draft . It ain't pretty but it seemed to work . You won't hurt my feelings if you make massive revisions , so long as I get a copy of the new-and-improved version . Kay
I am so sorry to hear about Annie . Did it break in a different place ? I think they sometimes have to wait for the swelling to go down to really tell what is happening . Michael had a good time . Thanks for having him . He was SOOO excited when Paige got home yesterday . He is just crazy for her . Thanks for the bird house . We are going to put it in the kitchen on top of the cabinets . All is fine here . Just buzy as usual ! Love , Kay
Does that take into account that more money may be going into the spending account ? I think we have a total of $2500 allocated for the year . My records indicate that I've put in $1900 as of my last paycheck . Love , Kay
Did you RSVP for me as well ? That would be extra points !
I haven't looked at this yet.. . Kay
Hi Gregg , My initial reaction is that it is ok for a small gambling debt , but a little thin for a $50m revolving line of credit . Kay
I found it .
Hi Sweetie , You know how Paige is about directions , etc . Feel free to call her , though . I ate all vegetables for lunch , but then I had a third cookie . Annie broke her arm again , and may have to have surgery . Kay
Latest . I think it just changes my seat assignment . Kay
Heather , I'm guessing that Peoples wants to use this form in lieu of the credit agreement . Maybe I'm wrong . Kay
That should be easy enough . Paige needs some glasses , and that could run Dental is also covered , if we have any uncovered dental expenses . I'm going to guess we might have another $100 in prescriptions to fill this year as well . I could stand some new glasses also . Your Eckerd's glasses can also be submitted . We need to forecast for next year , as open enrollment starts soon . Kay
Remind me to check the Harry & David's catalogue for something nifty . Kay
I'm O positive , and used to work with Bob . I'm on the road until Thursday afternoon , and give give blood on Friday . Kay
fyi , for fuel cells and CRRA
Hi Dale , I would contact Kathy Clark . As far as I know , there have been no change orders ( unless my memory is failing , which is a possibility!) . Kay
Did you get these ? Kay
We must hang together less we hang separately .
Are these the correct dates on Change Order #4 ?
Is this ok with everybody ? It incorporates GE's latest comments . Kay
FYI .
I need details .
Chris Calger will sign for ENA on #2 . I believe his title is a vice president . Dale Rasmussen has offered to handle signature . I haven't gone through all my emails to see if it is ready to go . Janet will sign #3 and #4 . Kay
I think the effective dates have been relating to when the deal was cut . That's as much a guess as anything . Ben left me a voice mail that said he had gotten something from ESA on #3 , but I haven't made it through all my emails to see if I have it . I will send it to you if I do , of course . I would think #4 is ready as soon as I get confirmation that the dates are correct . Again , I have to check my emails . I heard a rumor about 5 ( but am now drawing a blank) , and haven't heard of any others . Kay Enron North America Corp .
This deal never closed , so it must be the perfect contract... .
Please print and add to my Fuel Cell book . Thanks . Kay ps please print a second copy for John however you spell Clawburg .
Hi Chris , Any opinion on the major component question ? Kay
Carlos , Having some difficulty finding another job ? Happy Anniversary . Sorry I wasn't here to take you to lunch . Kay
Kathy Clark as EECC has the electronic version of the turbine contract . Rob Taylor at Andrew & Kurth probably has the electronic files for the other document . Rose Engeldorf might have the electronic files as well . Kay Enron Global Finance
Hi Paul , Any luck with the draft of the ABB facility agreement form ? Looks like we might have some business . I have forwarded your draft of the turbine document to GE , but have not had any comments . I would like to set up a conference call with GE to discuss it . How is your schedule tomorrow or Monday ? Thanks , Kay
Hi Guys , I think the price of the turbines will be the internal Enron price . Sheila has the magic number per turbine . Kay
Hi Kent , I was wondering if we could schedule a conference call to discuss the form of these agreements . Are you available any time soon ? Thanks , Kay
I have a conference call that starts around 1030 and is scheduled to go to 1230 . Otherwise , no lunch plans . Kay
Viola .
If you don't hear from me by 1245 , I probably won't be having lunch .
Could you please get me some post it notes , various sizes , cool colors preferred . Thanks !
I'm still in my conference call . Do you want to come visit later ( in other words , need to get out? )
Please print and put in folder , Off Balance Sheet EPC Contract . Thanks , Kay
If I had a printer , I wouldn't ask you to print this , but since I don't... . Thanks , Kay PS Don't worry too much about Ruthie . You'll get her figured out .
Is it true that tomorrow is your birthday ? If so , Happy Birthday!! !
You did better than I did . I was telling people I was 41 when I was 42 . I felt terrible when I realized I was older than I thought ! Oh well , it just goes to show you that it is all a state of mind . I'm not sure how you don't focus on development , when it is all a part of the same group and process . Neat trick , though . I wish Carlos was here to do a lot of this , though . Kay
Why don't you try feeding her again at night ? Maybe she will sleep better . I feed Jack twice a day , and he is still skinny as a stick . Isn't she on the thin side anyway ? All dogs go through adjustments . She may be trying to find out who is the boss . There are lots of little tricks I can tell you about to show her you are the boss . I'll try to make you a list while you are gone . CRATE TRAIN HER! ! It is one of the best things you will ever do for yourself . She may fuss at first , but she will love it . Crating her will calm her down . I believe the Pointer Rescue people agree .
Ta da.. .
Joe , Would you like to renew with a letter agreement as in previous years ? Thanks , Kay
I've been out of town , and have back-to-back meetings/conference calls . I'll call you though . Kay
fyi . This form came from Global Finance .
Have a great trip !
Hi Gregg , Per your request: See ya , Kay
Hi guys , In looking at CRRA's comments to the draft LOI . I have these questions: 1 . I'm not sure what we mean by EPC contract . Is this referring to the Fuel Cell document we are working now , or is there to be another layer ? I know this may depend on whether CRRA or someone else is doing the balance of the construction activities . 2 . He expects one EPC contract , and we had tried to leave room for multiple contracts . Does anyone care ? 3 . Does CRRA get a full refund of the purchase price if the fuel cells fail the performance tests ? We have discussed with FCE the concept of a proportional reduction if the performance is within 10 percent , then a full reduction as to the failing unit(s ) only . Also , are we planning to mark up the fuel cell contract to recover our fee ? Is our fee at risk for the fuel cells failing to perform ? Thanks , Kay
Barbara , here is the document I discussed concerning some of the Chicago stuff . Jeff , I don't know if you have received this from Gregg all ready . Kay
I've given blood at MD Anderson before , and I think they will have the blood type information on file . If anyone else is in the same boat , you call the number below and ask for Barbara . I couldn't reach her today , because it is Saturday , but they tell me she will be in on Monday . If all goes well , I could be in business fairly quickly . Kay
I don't know if you got this , so here 'tis . I was out of town and missed the presentation , although I've worked with Herman , Roger and David on these issues . I'm sure they would be glad to give the presentation again for others with a need to understand the complexities of off balance sheet treatment of power plants . Kay
I understand completely . Those ear infections can be very painful . Nothing can get to you like your kid in pain . If it makes you feel any better I have a 20year old ( I can't believe it ) and a 6 year old ( even more unbelievable) , and both have a lot of allergies and sinus infections , etc . My oldest also had a lot of ear infections , and it seemed to be painful . But she out grew the problem . I expect to be in town Mon-Thurs , with high hopes of taking Friday off to join my husband at his officer's meeting in San Antonio . Kay
My morning is fairly open , other than grinding on the purchase contract .
I'm available . As I mentioned , I'm still working away on the revised equipment contract . Kay
Heather , Could we handle the CRRA LOI at the same time ? It would help me get finished with the FCE doc . I'm sure you saw that GE and Honeywell are merging . I wonder if that makes ONSI a part of GE ? Does GE have a fuel cell product yet ? It would explain the statement in the Journal that headquarters would not be in NJ or Connecticut . Kay
Shall I handle items #1 and 2 ? Kay
I am waiting for a call back from MD Anderson concerning whether they were able to locate my information . Their records go back to 1998 , and I believe I gave at MD Anderson in 1998 , but you know how that is . Assuming that all goes well , I can go tomorrow at 930am ( when they open . I'll keep everybody posted . The folks at MDA confirmed that they have Michael's consent forms ready to go , just in case that question should arise . Bob , sorry to hear about the doctor , and the impact it must have had on Michael . Kay
I'm going to guess that it depends on whether you are giving a direct donation ( as in this case ) or a replacement donation . Since it is for a specific patient , they may want to make sure it works , especially since it will keep you from donating for a while . Just a guess !
How's this ?
okey dokey
I think Piazza sped up to try to get close to the bat . He's a sly one . Roger's first story was ok ( "I didn't think he was running , I was tossing the bat to our bat boy") . Second version was a little iffy ( "I didn't know if I had the bat or the ball" - why the hell would he throw the ball towards the dugout? ) The Turner wedding was amazing . Jim and Betty Boyd sat behind us at the wedding . Mauricio and his wife were there , and showed no signs of leaving . When Neil and I left at 130 ( Michael was with grandparents ) the band was still playing , and the bride and groom were still there . Unbelievable . I wonder how late it went . I'm out of town this weekend - Neil's officer's meeting at the Hyatt Hill Country , then up to see Paige on Saturday , back on Sunday . Let me know if it reschedules . Did you change jobs ? What do you hear from Ben ? Anthony called me last week , just to chat . They are looking forward to hunting before the baby gets here . Kay
Did you hear Candy is moving to Holland ? She looked great . I didn't know she was married until I saw her . She seems happy . Sounds like Ben found a good head hunter . It can be hard to get positive after being in that environment . Kay
I'm thinking you don't have anything to move . Maybe it would help if you acknowledged that ENA might not be your final destination , but seems like a good place to get exposed to a variety of opportunites , such as Enron Global Markets and Enron Industrial Markets - both new businesses with international aspects . Plus , lawyers at ENA move between groups without much fuss and bother ( if it changes , don't blame me later! ) How does that sound ? Kay
Paul , FYI . This is the document which starts the move into the ABB facility agreements . Kay
To keep you in the loop . Kay
Is everyone available for a brief conference call at 830 Tuesday morning ? Please let me know if you aren't available . Dial in instructions will be forthcoming . Thanks , Kay
Do you want to generate one just like the rest ? That would be the easiest way to go . Thanks , Kay
Paul , When can we expect a draft of the ABB facility agreement ? It is getting urgent . Thanks , Kay
The attached is marked to show changes from previous draft seen by CRRA . Kay
Hi Matt , Sheila tells me that you are working on the docs requested by Global Finance for Turbopark ( does this ring a bell? ) If you can get me the docs on this LLC , I'll see if we can pitch the angle Sheila suggested . Thanks , Kay
Ok . I'll follow up . The insanity continues . I finally called Lee Johnson at S&S , who fortunately had called me , and asked him if he knew if Kent was around , as I hadn't heard from him . He is going to get in touch with Kent for me . I'm expediting Paul Pipitone re the ABB facility agreement , but haven't heard back from him yet . Hope your trip is going well . Kay
Hi David , It is just us chickens , Gregg's agenda . Kay
Hi Jeff , I guess this answers the question of whether the policy has been adopted . I'm at home this am , as I'm on my way to MD Anderson to donate blood for a friend's son who has leukemia . I don't think it will take too long , but they don't open until 930 . Kay
In a recent discussion with Mark H , he suggested that I consult you two gentlemen about outside counsel in Chicago to support our efforts with Peoples . It would be beneficial to have a firm on board with some trading expertise , as well as more generalized transactional experience . Gas would be a plus . I've used Jones , Day ( good job on regulatory issues) , and Piper Rudnick ( bad experience) . Any suggestions ? Thanks , Kay
Kathleen , We have forms for confidentiality agreements . All CA's are processed through Kay Young , as she maintains the data base . Kay , could you point Kathleen to the repository of the forms so that she can generate the first draft ? By the way , I've assembled the emails I received on changing the form . I'll be happy to take a crack at the revisions if you tell me which form to start with . I know it will have to be processed through before it becomes standard . Thanks , Kay
I'll get the draft working , but it would probably be a good idea to discuss this a bit . Kay
Is this a PIG deal ?
Remember when the biggest accounting issues were mark-to-market ? Ahh , the good old days . Kay
Please prepare a fed ex package to go out tonight , as described below . Also , please prepare a transmittal letter to Heather for me to sign . Thanks , Kay
Janet has already signed Change Order #2 , so adding value to this one will required that change order #3 be revised , then we would have to go back to ESA for their approval . It would be easier on this end if we could pick up the new stuff in this one to a subsequent change order ? I spoke to Lee Johnson yesterday about all the change orders , and a couple of outstanding issues . I am having difficulty getting GE's attention on the facility agreements , and would prefer that the change orders not be given to GE until I at least get a call back on the issue . If this is a problem , please let me know . Kay
Thanks . This is a very drastic situation , so the draft will be appreciated . As I recall you were going to turn another draft of the GE facility agreement , deleting the WestLB references . When will this be forthcoming ? Thanks , Kay
Bob , My donor number is 1181819 . Let me know if Michael needs more . As you know , I can go back in 56 days . Here's hoping all goes well . I'll have your family in my thoughts and prayers . Kay
Joe , Here tis: C . Kay Mann Sr . Counsel Enron North America 1400 Smith , Suite 3841 Thanks , Kay
Sheila , I just realized that this is at the same time as our GE conference call . Can we adjust the time of the GE call ? I have a feeling that Roger's presentation is the generic mark-to-market stuff , but I could be wrong . I just don't get the feeling that it is directed to the lease accounting rules and other stuff specific to Turbine Torture . Do you have any follow up questions from last week you want me to ask ? I'm expecting a draft of the ABB facility agreement tomorrow . A & K really dropped the ball on that one , although I wish I had expedited them more . I still haven't heard from Kent , despite email , voice mail , and calling Lee . I hope he is ok , because being non-responsive is not Kent's style at all . Did you see that Moby Dick ( aka , GE ) is swallowing another big fish ( Honeywell) . I heard it increases their size by a third . So I guess the 800 pound gorilla is now a 1066 pound gorilla . ( ok , I admit I used the calculator) . Talk to you soon , Kay
To all , As you know , Enron is refinancing the equipment we bought through WestLB . I've been asked to compile a list of all the equipment purchased through WestLB , and the change orders related to same . All I know about is the LM deal with GE ( with 1 executed change order , approximately 4 or 5 pending ) and the ABB transformer deal ( with one CO pending) . Please let me know if you are aware of any others . Thanks , Kay
Can you send me a copy of a professional service agreement ? I need to prepare one .
Stephen , Wanna go ahead and print the tasking letter and I'll initial it ? Kay
Thanks for the help . I'm sure more questions will follow ! Kay
Thanks .
YEAH!!! ! Something I can put on the list and take off ! Shall I send it directly to Tracy ? Talk to you at 1100 . Kay
I thought you would enjoy this . And I didn't make any comments about being right about not going to a MEGA university .
Ok . When are you available to discuss how to deal with the various issues we need to address to get this wrapped up ? Thanks , Kay
Let's aim for Thursday am . I'll get back to you later today . Thanks , Kay
Hi Kathy , I know I owe you a phone call . I'm home with a sick kid today . Please email me your number and I'll give you a call . I can't believe I've forgotten it . So how are you doing with the EECC changes ? Kay
Hope it is going well out there . Michael is sick ( I'm guessing strep) , so I'll be calling in from home today . Kay
Hi Scott , It is a sick kid day ( I'm guessing strep , with the 102 plus fever) . Fortunately , I have most of what I need to get a draft of the equipment contract turned . I'll email it later . Kay
Hi Gregg , I'm home with my sick son this am . ( It was one of those 102 plus fevers at 430 this morning. ) I've asked the temp assistant to have my enovate stuff sent out so we can get some work done . Talk to you later , Kay
Hi Scott , I have some questions: The obligation to try to improve performance about the specific performance ( ie minimum ) standards frequently has a time limit , say 6 months . Do you have a sense for the appropriate time period here ? Would it make sense to require them to work longer on the first 2.0 and 2.4 than the rest ? Will we have a drawing number for a standard foundation design , or will we need to put words around it . I know we discussed the need for pilings as the most significant change . Do you think that this difference is enough ? Did I understand that we want them to pay us at the end for non-standard foundations ( as opposed to a credit) . On termination , are we going with the average value no matter what the reason for termination , with a rep along the lines of whay you wrote , plus some monitoring ability . On assignment , they mentioned a corporate guaranty . I was thinking of using something broader due to various financing/balance sheet considerations , perhaps tying it to a guaranty from a BBB rated entity . Do we want an option to have them store these , which would then impact payment ? Thanks , Kay
Hi . Don't forget you can reach me by email . Good catch on the fever this am ! Love , Kay
Maybe it is viral . I haven't really looked because I want Rey to see him since we are leaving town , so my opinion isn't as important . He is starting to slow just a little . He ate a good breakfast , but he is getting quieter .
If it is ok with you I'll let you know in a little bit .
More questions: We have two different levels of guarantee values . We have the specific performance levels , which if not met can result in termination , etc . This includes emissions , electrical output , heat rate , water ( consumption and discharge) . Will all of these have more stringent guaranteed levels that FCE will have to work to try to fix ? I'm assuming there are no sound issues . Thanks again , Kay
How's Annie doing ? Has she seen her regular ( sigh ) orthopod yet ? Do the girls ( and I guess you grown ups can probably go , too ) want to go to SU ? Are the young ladies interested in spending the night ? I'm home with Michael ( the 102 fever drill) , working at home . Hi to all ! Love , Kay PS Thanks for the traffic tip . Do the games last about 4 hours ? I can't remember .
Why not . You can tell how much Michael seems to be enjoying school .
Please print and fax to me at 713 973 0287 . I'll forward a couple more I need faxed . Thanks Kay
Please print and fax to me at home . Thanks
Here's what they suggested ( yes I'm working , I can do two things at once ) There is a rule of halves - you can give half to your kids , you get medicaid when the retained half runs out . There is probably a time period you can do this . Kay
Here's a redline against our previous draft . There are lots of holes , in large part due to the significant commercial issues still open and some of FCE's input due on the language to be used . I'm also not finished with the project management/scheduling stuff , but I wanted you to get a chance to look at it forthwith . Scott , I've printed off your emails and will incorporate your input . I don't know when we want to give FuelCells a draft , but I'm going to keep working on this one . Kay
Good . That lets me massage it , review my notes , and perhaps even read it ! Kay
I'm getting ready to take Michael to the pediatrician , so it depends on how long that takes . I'll find the instructions and email them to you . If I'm not on there but Kent is , could you let him know I really need to talk to hiim ? Thanks Kay
The appointment with the pediatrician is at 1100 . I catch up with you later today . Kay
you can open it and hold it . I know what it is .
Hi Barbara , I'm on the phone with the GE folks right now , as we have a standing conference call with them every Wednesday at 130 . I'm familiar with the people and the contractual terms at issue , and will be happy to discuss it . Kay
I'll be glad to handle it so long as it doesn't have to be done this week , as I have strep throat ( Michael and I got a group rate at the peditricians' office. ) Who should I contact ? Kay
Claude , Could you please fax this to Heather ? You might want to call her to make sure she is still at McCary's office . Thanks , Kay
Scott , Your question #2 raises a good point . My thought in bracketing the name is optionality . I'm trying to be aware of potential balance sheet issues . As you know , if this contract ends up in such shape that it can be construed as a committment to purchase equipment , we will need to cross the balance sheet bridge . As far as I know , we have not ruled out that possibility , as well as the possibility that ENA or an affilate may be the EPC contractor , or somehow in the title chain . I was thinking that if we use an LLC we have the option to see . he equity in an LLC holding the contractual rights/obligations ( for financing purposes or otherwise) . In that case , we may want to use an LLC instead of messing with an assignment later . I am very interested in your insight concerning possible structures , and what we need to keep in mind . Kay
Poor Carlos . He is almost pitiful . I think it is a great idea to watch for a good networking opportunity . I'm off on Friday , too . In fact , both Michael and I have strep throat and spent the day at home . I'll probably be in no more than 1/2 day tomorrow . Is Norman still out of town ? Will you have the house ALL to yourself ? Kay
SZ really grows on you , doesn't he ? Just like Carlos . Neil leaves tomorrow . He was out ONE night last week . I am encouraging him to get a hunting lease . He thinks I'm very supportive .
Sounds good . I'm home with strep ( mine and my son's) , so I'll catch up tomorrow . Kay
I'm planning on taking your emails and revising the current draft to create a new one . Your points were very well thought out , so I would like to have the day to get a new draft . It looks like I will be at home tomorrow since I'm still not feeling well , but I certainly feel well enough to work on the contract . Perhaps we will get some input from our team in Conn . gang by noon . How does this sound ? Stephen , Feel free to weigh in with any comments/suggestions . Your input is welcome . Kay PS I can now print at home .
Peter , Thanks for the update . By the way , is the new version in Word ? Kay
Sounds like a good plan . I can't wait to hear how it went in Danbury . Sounds like the CRRA meeting went well . Kay
Hi Charlotte , I'm glad you wrote , as I was going to write you . Michael has strep ( as do I) , so he and I are home today . He is on two antibiotics which he takes twice a day . I'm trying to figure out how to get these to you , since these have to be refrigerated . Obviously , if Michael isn't doing great I won't go . Currently , he feels fine , and only feels bad when he has fever . He woke up with fever again this am , but the fever should go away after 24 hours on the antibiotics . Just let me know if you aren't comfortable with the situation . I can always leave on Saturday , or not at all . Michael's doctor is Rey Calderon 713 520 9550 . His wife ( and assistant ) is Delores , and they are wonderful about returning calls , etc . We will be staying at the Hyatt Hill Country Resort , 210 647 1234 . Saturday night I will be staying in Round Rock ( going to Paige's homecoming in Georgetown) , but Neil will still be at the Hyatt . Michael says hi , by the way . He is watching me type this . Kay
That would be great . We can leave his "stuff" by the front door . I know he will have things he wants to bring to show you . Michael asked me for advice yesterday . ( "Mom , I have a problem...") . He now has 2 girlfriends , Ashley plus a new one , Marilyn . He was torn . He decided to stick with Ashley . Oh , the problems of a 6 year old! ! Michael is very excited about the weekend . He just doesn't think it will be long enough! ! Thanks for everything , Kay
He hasn't left yet , but I'll remind him . Michael gets his school picture taken tomorrow . Carol Junell takes the pcitures there . She did our first family portrait after Michael was born . Kay
Will do .
Hi Stuart , I'm home sick ( and with my sick son ) again today , but wanted to get this to you . Kay
Hi Rose , I'm home sick with a sick kid , but I wanted to make sure you got this little bit of info . Kay
Hi Dale , I thought I'd send this along . It is the first draft of the "break out" contract for the ABB transformers which go with the LM's . I thought Sheila told me that your stuff is in immediate need to getting this and the LM break out in shape . This has not been reviewed with ABB yet ( in fact , I haven't read it yet) , but just in case you want to give it a look , I thought I would pass it along . Kay
FYI . I had previously asked Paul to revise the LM contract to remove all of the references to WestLB . Kay
If Jeff is happy , I'm happy . Kay
I'm still at home . I'll be in tomorrow . I have a fax machine at home , though , if you prefer . Otherwise , we can see who we can scare up at the office , or you can have Laura sign and I'll initial later . Which do you prefer ? Kay
It is less complicated for me to initial and fax than to track down someone who doesn't know anything about it and get them to initial it . I can print it here , initial it , and fax it to whomever you want . Plus , I work with Janet a lot so she may get some comfort from that , instead of having a lawyer she hasn't dealt with initial it . She is very conscientious about what she signs , and who initials what . Is the attached form the final final form ? Where and to whom do you want it faxed ? Thanks , Kay
I'm working on it now . Maybe we ( Enron ) could review it tomorrow morning , then send it to FCE . I can meet around 10:00 . That way , we can get it to them in time for weekend review . Does that work ? Kay
Sounds good . The email was a good idea , also .
Any problem if I add signature lines on the last page of the document ( prior to the exhibits) ? I can do that .
Here's the final final final . I had to put in a page break before one of the exhibits because it wasn't printing right .
Michael probably won't be at school tomorrow , unless he really perks up quickly . However , I was thinking of bringing him up there to get his picture taken , if he feels up to it . Do you think there would be a problem with that ? Any idea when and where I should take him ? Thanks ! Kay
Charlotte , Michael hasn't bounced back yet - still getting fever up to 102 . I spoke with Delores , and she said Rey said that Michael had a pretty good dose of strep , so it will take 6 doses of medicine to get it under control . I'll see how he is in the early am , but I may not take him to school , just so I can watch him another few hours . If you will be at your office tomorrow I'll let you know how he's doing . Maybe I can leave on Saturday . I know he will be very upset if he doesn't get to spend time with you this weekend . Kay
By the way , did they ever get the acknowledgments taken care of ?
Looks fine to me . Kay
Michael is still running 102 fever . I spoke to the doctor again today , and he said that Michael had a pretty good bit of strep . I'm feeling better , though , and have gotten a decent amount of work done . In fact , Christy Chapman may give you some original documents I initialled and faxed to her . I'll explain later . If I had your fax number I think I would have faxed them to you . Have a great day tomorrow . Kay
Hi Charlotte , Poor thing woke up with 101.6 . He isn't getting any worse , which means the medicine is doing something , but it just hasn't done the trick yet . I'll give him his sixth dose of medicine in a minute . I just can't take him to school until he is better . I would like to hold the option open to bring him in the am . Once the medicine kicks in , he will bounce back quickly . Kay
Karen Jones ( in Portland ) and Sheila Tweed have been working on just the same thing , so I'm forwarding your request to them . Kay
FYI
Here's today's version . Michael is still running a fairly high fever , so it would be a big help if we can talk via phone . Kay
Yes . If you called 713 973 6325 , it is the number my computer is on . I'll log off before 1000 so you can call on that number when you are ready . Kay
Sorry to hear about this weekend . It is kind of sad that Mary Susan doesn't have other options for her birthday . Not that you guys aren't fun... . Michael and I've been home with strep since Wednesday . He hasn't gotten better , but I have . So , I'm not going to San Antonion , just heading for GTown tomorrow . I haven't decided whether I'm taking Michael . If he is feeling better , I'll leave him with his sitter , Charlotte . Since he has been ill , I'll probably head back to Houston EARLY on Sunday , and won't wait for Paige to get up . Sorry it didn't work out with girls , but I understand . Love , Kay
I changed the plant stuff around , swapping most of them for Facility . I think it is a bit more clear now . Let me know what else needs to be done . I'll be leaving in around 1230 to buy a bribe , I mean pumpkin , but we won't be gone long . Kay
Gloria , I need to have a redline generated by Comparwrite , as I don't have it loaded locally . The original document is in my Fuel Cell/Equipment contract file , and has the same name as the one below , only it is dated October11 ( I believe rev 2) . The new document is the one below . Please save the redline verision in the same directory , and email the redlined document to me , Heather Kroll , Scott Healy , and Stephen Plauche ASAP . Thanks , Kay
Never a dull moment ! It is hard to get deals done at Enron , which as shareholders we should probably be glad . Chicago is only slightly more difficult because of the utility angle - and mind set . Michael's temperature STILL hasn't gone done . And of course , now the weekend is coming . I guess it is time to call the doctor again . And you ! Kay
This is suitable for framing .
Thanks . Who was able to do it ? Kay
Neil left town yesterday . I can't really complain since he rarely travels . However , he is welcome to pamper upon his return ! Kay
She compared the wrong versions . I'll try again .
Sorry I lost my temper . I guess I'm not accustomed to being transferred to someone else to get things done . No reason to lose my temper , though . Kay
I had heard that the big E bought out the minority investors last summer . Hadn't seen this coming . So what's next for Azurix ?
I'm just now printing it out ( takes about 15 minutes) , but I'm fine with sending out the redline . Kay
Water is just as liquid as gas . So to speak .
You'll be happy to know that it didn't take long .
You might want to request ComparRite , just in case it comes up again . There's isn't any problem getting - both Suz and I have it . Have a good weekend . Kay
Dear Mr . Schrum , I attended Sing ! last night to watch and support my daughter perform with her Tri Delta friends . I enjoyed the performances of the various groups , which were within the bounds of what I expected . Unfortunately , I am not writing to tell you how much I enjoyed it . I'm writing you to encourage the administration to not take lightly the indecent exposure incident which occured in the second act . The act was beyond offensive , it was criminal , especially in light of the young children present . During the first act , I was sitting on the first row , and there were 4 young children sitting in the front . In fact , at the end of the first act I had regretted that I had not brought Paige's six year old brother to watch her perform . I cannot tell you how glad I am that I did not bring Michael . Even I was offended , and I'm a forty-two year old lawyer ( we don't offend easily ) who was in a sorority at UT . I was glad I had moved back at intermission to sit with my daughter for the second act . Again , I urge you to not view this as an act of youthful indiscretion . It was offensive to the individuals present , and degrading to a fine university which prides itself on "encouraging contributions toward the well-being of humanity" . My husband , Neil , who was a Pike at SU in the seventies , joins me in this request . Thank you , Kay Mann 29 Inverness Parkway Houston , Texas 77055
I'm checking your desk for pom-poms .
Carlos , you have much wisdom for such a young buckeroo . If Debbie can't decide and if you can't use the PaperCity photo ( it realy is a good pic) , I'd go with the first one . I must say that all of them look pretty , well , serious . Kinda Gore-like , you know . Ok , that was a low blow . I was just kidding! ! Kay
I was out sick Wed-Fri , but now I'm back . Kay
Hi John , Sorry I missed your call last week . I was out ill . I'll give you a call once I dig out from under the paper . Kay
Mr . Keffer , Asking this crowd to vote was like throwing chum to sharks . Kay
I didn't get your fax last week . I was out sick so I didn't call Shirley . Could you resend it ? Thanks , Kay
Hi Paul , I would like to change my previous response to this email . I would like to get a cleaned up version of the GE contract ( without WestLB references ) so that I can make a wider internal distribution without having to explain the references to WestLB . The intial read from GE was positive , but the devil is in the details , of course . Kay
Hi Kathleen , Is the Peoples confidentiality agreement moving closer to the top of the list ? Thanks , Kay
Hi Charlotte , I'm not sure what we are doing at Thanksgiving , but at the most we might go to Palacios , which means that we would be gone no more than Thursday and maybe Friday night . I haven't talked to Paige about her schedule yet , but I know we need to get organized . Also , I think Michael is out of school that Wednesday . Again , I need to check . More to come . As for tomorrow ( BOO) , we forgot to watch for sundown . I know , that is hard to believe . We will update tomorrow ! Kay
Well , once again I'm messed up on my calendar . I thought you were going to be in FW a couple more days . Michael tried callling yesterday ( I think it was yesterday) , but of course we missed . I think I'm in town this week ( cross fingers) . I was home with Michael three days last week - we both had strep , but he was worse . His fever didn't break for a couple of days , so I had to cancel my trip to San Antonio to join Neil at his officer's meeting . I did make it to Georgetown , and had a nice time with Paige . We are hoping for cooler weather soon . It is muggy ! Tell Dad hi , and happy fishing . Love , Kay
I may be able to back up Bart if he has a problem . I have a conference call scheduled but it is likely to reschedule until later in the day . Kay
SU was fun , but there was a little incident with a streaker ( more like a stroller on stage) . Otherwise , it was great . Paige did really well , and she was front and center for most of their act . I don't know what we are going to do about Thanksgiving . Neil and I are negotiating . I neglected to discuss it with Paige this weekend , of course . It is hard to believe it is only a few weeks away . Michael and I are both better , although he didn't get better until Friday night . Hi to all ! Love , Kay
Gentlemen , Here's the most recent version of the equipment contract . I am including a ComparRite redline version , comparing this version to the Oct 11 version sent by Enron . I look forward to speaking with you soon , Kay
Ross , The email was sent last night , with no indication that it did not go through . Must be the cybergoblins . I will resend PLUS attach the documents to this reply . Kay
Once again... .
They have received it but not opened it yet . Kay
What does your schedule look like Wednesday am ? Thanks , Kay
They should now have at least 3 emails with the contract . I suspect they may have 4 . I'll know next time ! Kay
We've swapped voice mails . I suspect I'll hear from him this am . Kay
Kinda spooky since they are a technology driven company !
1)The cybergoblins ate the attachment . 2 ) OK 3 ) Which Peoples is it ? Also , I think enovate should sign at CA . 4 ) I sent Heather an email re her availability . There's a bunch of construction near downtown , so I would hesitate to commit to an early call , but I know I'm free after 300 tomorrow . Kay
Suzanne is going to track down Heather , then will call you to confirm if 330 works . Kay
The loan documents you prepared .
We want to have an internal conference call at 330 ( instato discuss the enovate intercompany loans , and address any issues raised by the Enron commercial/financial team . I don't know the substance of the comments . Kay
I forgot about the fence . I'm still planning on leaving early - maybe 430 or earlier . Can you leave early , too ? Michael wanted to do something with the spider web . I would offer to pick Michael up , but I'm not sure that I would beat you if I left at 430 and you left at 500 . Love ,
Kinda of like a Mary in a Bathtub , only different .
I'm going to write a $50 check to charity ( juvenille diabetes ) if that's ok with you . Kay
I left a check in the top drawer ( the one with the key ) Kay
Kathleen will be bringing it to you , if she hasn't all ready . Kay
Here are the form exhibits , as we discussed: Kay
Here's my little bit of info: GE ( S & S ) - I've spoken with Lee Johnson ( commercial lead ) and have traded voice mails with Kent Shoemaker regarding the project specific turbine contracts . I'm requesting a meeting with them on Thursday to iron our details . I requested a revised draft this week ( from Andrews & Kurth) , but have not received it yet . ABB - I've swapped calls with Mike Sandrige ( their commercial lead ) about it , but haven't connected . The contract is more straight forward , so problems are not expected . Initial draft of the project specific contracts has been prepared . Blue Dog - Is that GE equipment ? Sheila may have someone she wants to work on it . If not , I can fit it in since it relates to what I'm working on with the GE contracts . Austin - this is Stuart's project . Kay
Suzanne , Please call ( not email - he doesnt check it ) Paul Pipitone ( Andrews & Kurth ) and see if he is available for a meeting ( or conference call ) to discuss the GE facility agreement sometime tomorrow - either am or after 300 . Thanks , Kay
Gregg , Sorry , I thought Suzanne had confirmed it . We are on for 330 . I can call you . Kay
At 330 please get Sarah and Heather Brown ( Bracewell ) on the phone for me , then I'll get Gregg . Thanks ,
Hi John , Karen Jones in Portland has been working on it for ENA . I don't know the status . Kay
I don't remember this one . Kay
Rusty , You are going to have to refresh my recollection as to this piece of land . Kathleen , could you please get with Rusty or Fred to see what's up . Thanks , Kay
Let me tell , that is one 225 pound pitiful soul when he is sick . He has a head cold , so he is going home to go to bed . He will sigh and moan , and carry on like you wouldn't believe . He will be incapable of discussing anything other than how he feels .
Is the October 13 , rev 3 the final version ? Kay
A call works . It will be the Enron commercial lead ( Ben Jacoby) , Stuart Zisman , the GE commercial lead and the GE lawyer . It is about the contract he prepared ( although now I wonder) . If he prefers to have whoever will be doing the drafting , that's fine , too . Kay
Gentlemen: Attached is a draft of the facility agreement , without reference to WestLB . It just came in , so I haven't reviewed it . It looks like 330 tomorrow will work for this group , unless you tell me otherwise . I'll get back to you with the location . Kay
Per my voice mail
Please print the blackline for me . Thanks , Kay
CST . That was right , right ? I'm going to have the outside lawyer involved for the purpose of turning the revised draft , so long as you don't have an objection ( objecting=volunteering to turning the next draft! ) Kay
Enron: Withdrawing 300 MW From Summer Peaking Program Wednesday , November 1 , 2000 02:18 PM ? Mail this article to a friend ( Corrected 1:59 pm ) NEW YORK ( Dow Jones)--In response to new California power market rules proposed Wednesday by the U.S . Federal Energy Regulatory Commission , Enron Corp ( ENE , news , msgs ) has canceled some new generator projects it was discussing with the state's electric grid operator , Enron said . The generators that are no longer financially feasible would have amounted to 300 megawatts of new generation installed in California next spring , Enron said . The company , however , continues to negotiate other new generator projects with the California Independent System Operator . The FERC Wednesday proposed limiting the California Power Exchange's price setting mechanism to $150 a megawatt-hour . The preliminary order could become a federal mandate by the end of the year , after the FERC takes comments from the public , or it could be modified . Enron and 13 other companies , meanwhile , are in final negotiations with the ISO for the new peaking capacity for next summer . The ISO plans to pay a total of $255 million a year for three years to the power companies for installing the new generators , which the power companies will own . In addition , California's three investor-owned utilities would pay the generators for any electricity the new generators produce . Pricing for the power would likely be based on the daily price set by the state-chartered "There's too much uncertainty that we would be able to recover the cost associated with those specific projects . For the purposes of making capital commitments , we view this as a $150 price cap," Enron's Mark Palmer said . Earlier Wednesday , the ISO's chief operating officer , Terry Winter , expressed concern that FERC's proposed new rules could jeopardize some of the projects . FERC's proposals Wednesday are the result of a two-month investigation of California's wholesale electricity market , where prices this summer were three times what they were a year earlier . To meet the state's rising demand for power , California's three utilities have paid billions of dollars more than anticipated to independent power producers in order to keep the lights on . By Mark Golden , Dow Jones Newswires; 201-938-4604; mark.golden@dowjones.com Quote for referenced ticker symbols: EIX , ENE , PCG , SRE ,  2000 Dow Jones & Company , Inc . All Rights Reserved .
I see Ben keeps calling me . Any idea what's up ? I probably have another 30 minutes on this call .
Probably wouldn't hurt . Tell him I'll be on for another hour . Thanks , Kay
Your list is very close to mine . I'm making a list as I go back through the draft , so I'll update when I get through . Kay
Hi Dale , We are meeting with GE tomorrow to talk about this . Please let me know if you have any suggestions or comments . Ditto on the ABB agreement which I forwarded not too long ago . Kay
Do you have Thomas Heatherington's card ( Bracewell guy) ? Thanks , Kay
This looks like it belongs in the specs . What do you think ? Kay
Hi Scott , I have these questions: What do we mean by configuration ? We are telling them that we will give them the configuration by date x , but I'm not sure what we mean . What was decided on spare parts , if anything ? I know it is repetitive , but could you email me a basic timeline of what you see as the key dates for site designation , shipping , anything else you can think of ? I've started a timeline but would like to cross check . I was hoping to have it done before noon , but the 930 conference call will impact that . I have a meeting this afternoon from 230 until 500 or so , so I'm trying to get done before then . Thanks , Kay
Please call Ben Jacoby and see if we can push our meeting to 230 . Please advise Stuart that I'm planning to meet with Ben at 230 , and invite him to join . Thanks , Kay
Sheila went to these . I believe they cover the activities related to the development of the various site . I'm on a conference call or I would have called . Kay
You don't need to re-number the definitions yet . Thanks , Kay
Perfect . Sounds right . I'll tell Barbara .
I need to do the unthinkable and read something else for a little while , so I thought I would send this to you as is . Let me know if you want it redlined against something , and if so , which version . Kay
Please tell Paul it will probaby be 315 or so before we call , and confirm the correct number . Also , please let Lisa Bills know where we will be meeting , as she is planning on coming late to the meeting . Thanks , Kay
Hi there . Hope all is well . FuelCell files $250 million offering By Matt Andrejczak , CBS.MarketWatch.com Last Update: 4:50 PM ET Nov 1 , 2000 Latest headlines WASHINGTON ( CBS.MW ) -- FuelCell Energy filed a shelf registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Wednesday to periodically sell up to $250 million of debt and equity securities . Danbury , Conn.-based FuelCell ( FCEL: news , msgs ) said it would the proceeds to fund expansion of its manufacturing facilities and for working capital . Under a shelf offering , a company may sell debt , common or preferred stock from time to time , at varying prices and in separate transactions . FuelCell recently signed an agreement with a subsidiary of Enron ( ENE: news , msgs ) to jointly develop and market products for renewable energy and conservation programs . Shares of FuelCell closed down $4.44 to $72.13 in Wednesday trading . ?  Matt Andrejczak is a reporter for CBS.MarketWatch.com .
The word Suzanne heard is that they are moving everyone to the Enron Corp book in the somewhat near future . They moved me there from EI when I transferred last March . Kay
Kent , There isn't anything attached that I can open . Am I doing something wrong ? Kay
I had a big lunch , so something light sounds good .
You have to admire the initiative ! Suzanne is adding your changes to the purchase agreement now . Kay
Hi there , I'm attaching the latest version of the purchase agreement . I will prepare a compared version in the am if you will tell me which version you want it compared against . Talk to you soon , Kay
Greetings , Ok , I know I must be doing something wrong . I either get a "wrong SAP number" , or I end up on the HRonline website , with no Clickathomepilot options . I'm using my HRonline password . Any suggestions ? Thanks , Kay
Off the internet: FuelCell Energy Announces Two Contract Awards Thursday , November 2 , 2000 07:07 AM ? Mail this article to a friend New , Specialized Applications for Direct FuelCell(TM ) Power Plants FuelCell Energy , Inc . ( NASDAQ: FCEL , news , msgs ) announced the award of contracts for two new power plants using the company's Direct FuelCells(R ) ( DFC(R) ) for coal mine and remote location applications . The first contract is for a $5.4 million project with the U.S . Department of Energy ( DOE ) National Energy Technology Laboratory ( NETL ) for the design , construction and operation of a 250 kW DFC , utilizing coal mine methane gas , at the Harrison Mining Corporation coal mine in Cadiz , Ohio . The second contract , for $100,000 , is from the U.S . Coast Guard Research and Development Center in Groton , Connecticut for a remote location , 3 kW fuel cell power system , using methanol for fuel . It is scheduled to be installed during the second quarter of 2001 at the Cape Henry Lighthouse at Fort Story , near Virginia Beach , VA . Coal Mine Methane: Cost-Free Fuel Reduces Emissions FuelCell Energy was selected for the coal mine methane emission reduction project to demonstrate the ability of the DFC to generate electricity , using coal mine methane emissions that otherwise escape into the atmosphere . Costs for the three-year program will be shared equally by the DOE and FuelCell Energy . As a result , in addition to the environmental benefits of reducing emissions , the cost of electricity produced from coal mine methane is reduced by using a fuel that is essentially free . "The DOE has been supporting the development of fuel cells for more than two decades," said Mark C . Williams , fuel cell product manager for NETL . "This application to coal mine methane effectively combines efficient power generation with a solution to mitigate greenhouse gas emissions." According to FuelCell Energy , 75% of the world's coal mine methane emissions from active and abandoned coal mines comes from the top six countries with coal mining operations . A total of approximately 1,000 megawatts of fuel cell power could be generated using coal mine methane from the two sources . The U.S. , alone , has approximately 300 megawatts of unutilized coal mine methane capacity . At an estimated $1,000 kW , the 1,000 MW worldwide potential for FuelCell Energy fuel cell power plants is equivalent to a $1.0 billion market . "The use of coal mine methane to power Direct FuelCells will result in benefits for all concerned," said Jerry D . Leitman , president and CEO of FuelCell Energy . "Coal mine methane is a greenhouse gas which can be remediated . By using it to fuel a DFC power plant , a customer turns a liability into an asset that gets rid of a polluting gas and produces electric power in an environmentally responsible fashion . An important milestone for the company is to identify prospective early-adopter markets . The coal mine methane market provides a virtually free fuel source to operate the fuel cells , facilitating early adoption by energy users." Remote Power: Clean Energy Where the Wires End The U.S . Coast Guard Research and Development Center has awarded FuelCell Energy a $100,000 contract to provide a 3 kW DFC power plant at the Cape Henry Lighthouse , for a field test at the lighthouse to demonstrate fuel cell capabilities at remote sites . The Coast Guard operates several hundred unattended power systems at remote site communication stations , radio navigation stations , weather stations , and aids to navigation such as lighthouses , structures , and buoys . Stand alone fuel cell power systems offer efficiency and environmental advantages for remote site operation . The methanol fuel allows for simpler , more compact process equipment for FuelCell Energy's Direct FuelCell plant compared to other fuel sources . "This demonstration project by FuelCell Energy is the first application of fuel cells at a remote , unmanned site in a marine environment" , said Walt Lincoln , project manager of the U.S . Coast Guard Research and Development Center . "We're interested in the potential of the fuel cell because of its promise of reduced maintenance and greater reliability compared to other systems." "In addition to the unattended applications for the Coast Guard , there are other potential remote power applications in operation around the world , such as pipeline monitoring , microwave relay stations , and numerous other communications and recreational uses that could be served by fuel cells," said Leitman . Using carbonate fuel cell technology , the DFC(R ) power plant produces high efficiency energy through an electro-chemical reaction , rather than through combustion . This method of producing power gives energy users the option of producing electricity on site with the assurance of lower emissions , less noise and with shorter timeframes required for the permitting process . About FuelCell Energy , Inc . FuelCell Energy , Inc . - www.fce.com - formerly Energy Research Corp. , is a leading developer of carbonate fuel cell technology for stationary power generation . The Company's Direct FuelCell technology eliminates external fuel processing to extract hydrogen from a hydrocarbon fuel . This results in a product whose cost , combined with high efficiency , simplicity and reliability , results in product advantages for stationary power generation . FuelCell Energy , based in Danbury , CT is developing Direct FuelCell(R ) power plants with nominal ratings of 300 kW , 1.5 MW and 3 MW. . The Company has been developing DFC(R ) technology for stationary power plants with the U.S . Department of Energy through the National Energy Technology Laboratory ( NETL) . The NETL's advanced fuel cell research program is focused on developing a new generation of high performance fuel cells that can generate clean electricity at power stations or in distributed locations near the customer , including hospitals , schools , data centers and other commercial and industrial applications .
I accept the terms & conditions of this Pilot Participation Agreement . Kay Mann
I just completed a lengthy call with A & K concerning the form facility agreement . A revised draft should be out mid-day today . I have once again called ABB , but haven't heard back from them yet . Kay
I think it is a great day to work !
I asked Paige what she was doing for Thanksgiving... .
I could nap in this weather . Maybe I'll leave early .
Hi Jordan , I support ENA's Chicago group in their activities with Peoples . Peoples and Enron have a jointly ( 50/50 ) owned company called enovate , which will be involed in managing some of Peoples assets and some trading activities . Each of the parents will be establishing a line of credit to cover cash flow . It is expected that Corp will be lending the money for Enron's part , and Sarah Wesner has been involved in the process . Therefore , I thought it would be a good idea to run this transaction through your group for blessing/comment/sign off/whatever is appropriate . I can give additional information to whoever you decide should take a look at this . Thanks , Kay
I'll send the blackline when I get it . Kay
Any word ?
I'll have to check . I haven't heard of any problems . Kay
As requested , I went the abbreviated route . Kay
Please print this monster . Kay
Have you noticed that almost all my documents are monsters ? Kay
Hi Kent , I believe this to be blacklined against the original document . Please note there are some comments/questions included . Talk to you soon , Kay
Gregg , Joel is a lawyer with Global Finance . Since Corp will be loaning the money , I contacted that legal group to get their buy in ( they are Sarah's lawyers , so to speak) . Anyway , I thought the change of name from enovate to enervate is priceless . Enervate= to weaken or destroy the strength or vitality of.. . Strange choice for a company name!! ! Kay
I got a draft of the CA from her this am . I'll give it a look and get it to you today .
Please confirm the version of the document which was the basis of the compared version . Thank you , Kay
When I run a CompareRite redline I get a different number of changes , so I was unclear as to the compared documents . Kay
Scott , I ran a redline comparing the version we sent last Thursday and their new clean draft . It shows a different number of changes . Here's the Enron redline: Too much paper ! Kay
Hi Gregg , FYI . Kay
I just knew you guys got rain the entire weekend . I'm glad it worked out ok . I tried calling last night but got a busy signal . When Michael's school asked for names/addresses of grandparents , I didn't know they were going to send a request for $ . Sorry about that ! We are trying to figure out Paige's plans for Thanksgiving , although I'm about to give up on figuring it out . She doesn't know if she can get a ticket to the game yet . I'm kinda in the mood to cook , but that's as far as we've gotten . Lisa tells me they may be heading your way on Saturday ? We'll probably figure things out in the next few days . We are waiting to see if I'm going to be in town on Thursday to make plans . I haven't been out of town since our anniversary , so it must be time to go again ! Generally speaking Neil gets home around 600 . Hope you are enjoying the pretty weather today . I can sure see along way today . Love , Kay
Joel , Mary Lynn Ruffner has been involved , but to my knowledge has not reviewed the documents . Matt Gockerman handles most of the tax stuff for enovate . As for the structure , the commercial focus is on keeping things as simple as possible . If Sarah doesn't have a copy of the LLC agreement , I can get you one . Lou Stoler was involved in the formation of enovate , although I coordinate most of their legal issues now . I've seem a preliminary DASH , but I don't know where it sits now . Hope this helps . Kay
Sheila , I should have sent this to you as well . Kay
I'm just about half done with the chart , so I thought I would share it with you for comment .
This doesn't have the latest from what you sent .
Kathleen , Please change the first paragraph as follows: ENA is prepared to furnish you with certain risk analysis information whichis either confidential , proprietary or generally not available to the publi("Confidential Information" ) in connection with ENA,s disclosure to PERCand/or enovate for its performing independent risk analysis relating to ofthe portfolio of enovate , L.L.C. , a Delaware limited liability company . Sucinformation may include ( but not be limited to ) and for PERC,s evaluation of daily curves such as price , basis , index , volitility and interest rates asthey relate to the operations of enovate , L.L.C . As a condition to furnishing Confidential Information , PERC and ENA each agree to the following: As for the paragraph 7 , I've asked Gregg if the disclosures will be one timor ongoing . If the disclosures will be ongoing , we may want to rethink theeffective period to make it two years from the last disclosure . Gregg also needs a resoluting regarding signing authority , but I've left hia voice mail asking for more information . Thanks , Kay
Please print the attached on letterhead . I'm leaving for Connecticut shortly , and will be back in the office on Thursday ( or so I exepct) . Please handle the following Call David Runnels at A & K and tell him thanks , but I can't use the opera tickets this weekend . Cancel my RSVP for Carrin Patman's lunch tomorrow . Thanks , Kay
Please call him .
Latest version .
I don't have it .
She's making them now . The trip just came up 30 minutes ago .
Here's a redraft of one letter , second to follow:
Ross , The only thought I have with respect to this request would be that it should not apply if FCEL has failed to comply with its warranty obligations , or has declined to service the modules after the warranty period has expired . Kay
Lou , Did someone do a PUHCA analysis in connection with the Peoples/Enron LLC formation ? Kay Joel , I didn't work on the deal , so I'll have to check around the Legal Dept . Kay
Hi Gregg , I'll check around here to see what I can find out , but I thought I'd ask you if you know the answer . I'll also check with B& P . Is Sarah off of this ? I hope I didn't open a can of worms . Kay
Hi guys , Was there a PUHCA analysis done ? Thanks , Kay
Hi Kathleen , I want to get Laura Luce to direct us to give Gregg signing authority . As you know , the request for Ben came from Janet , not Ben . I'll check with her . do you have the LLC agreement to see how changes are handled ? If not , you can get a copy of my copy . It is not a standard agreement . On the CA , please make the effective period two years from the latest disclosure of info , and the disclosures will be ongoing . I don't have the CA in front of me , but does it say that Peoples has to get their consultants to sign a CA as well ? It is a good question . Ta ta for now , Kay
I'm HERE!! ! How about the reorg ? Mark H looks like he came out great . Kay
Could you please print this , and put in a big binder ? Thanks , Kay
Looks good to me .
Here's the agreement I would like to get in front of Mike . Thanks , Kay
Please print the black line and put with the binder you are building .
Another for the book . Thanks , Kay
Any practice area preference ?
Attached are two letter our commercial lead on the salt soaked unti wants to send . Kay
Ben , As a retired trial lawyer , I prefer saying less whether than more . I'll bring the letters down and we can discuss specifics .
Jeff , I don't know if our group needs anyone , but I wanted to pass this resume along . I worked with Carlos when I was at EECC , and I rate him highly . He'll take on anything , has good people skills , works hard , and has a varied transactional background . As an added bonus , he is fluent in Spanish . EECC is being plopped into EES , and Carlos would prefer to make the move to ENA ( or EA , whatever we are called) . He discussed this with Vicky , so she is aware that he is checking out opportunities here . Thanks , Kay
I thrive on pressure . My birthday is January 11th . Is that close to her due date ? Kay
Hi Guys , We don't expect to deal with the facility agreement until around 130 , so there isn't a need for Lee to listen to the rest unless he wants to . Lee , you are more than welcome to come in person , in which case I can give you some exectued change orders . Kay
Oh well . Jeff is in London , but will be here on Monday . Kay
I don't know numerical addresses , just cross streets . This week I stayed at 52nd and Madison , time before I stayed at either 72 or 77th and Madison . Madison is close to 5th . I'm going to guess that he is living above 50th , as I had the impression that he was living in a pretty swanky area . The weather is beautiful here . Hope it lasts a couple of days . Neil loves his pig . I don't think he has picked a place for it yet , though . Have a great day ! Love , Kay
De nada .
Due to the sensitivity of the information , we'll be specific . Also , should this be addressed to Bill or Curtis , or someone else ? Kay
I know the feeling .
Please call Paul Pipitone ( Houston ) and Peter Thompson ( he's in DC ) and ask them to call in at 130 . I'm not sure Paul will be joining us , but Peter has confirmed . If we are delayed we'll let them know . How long did you reserved the line ? I can see the call going until 330 . Kay
As usual , the lawyers are the last to know . Stuart is working on a transaction to sell the asset ( Gleason) , and therefore this ageement needs to be documented asap , which means in the next few days . Please review the attached and give me a call . Thanks , Kay
Thanks for the info . I'll give it a look . Kay Enron North America Corp .
Jackie , Would it be possible for you to mark up the list of comments , highlighting which are outstanding ? Marked by hand and faxed would be great . Thanks , Kay
I just opened it . It came in last night .
I wasn't sure from your email if you wanted to review it now , or wait until Jackie and I sort through some things . Kay
Here's a rough draft of a different approach to assignment . Do you think it fits with the possible structures ? Kay
Hi Mike , Since we haven't had any luck hooking up on the telephone , I wanted to transmit to you an initial draft of a facility agreement , as contemplated by the contract for the transformer packages for the LM's . I would have sent this to Dave , but I don't seem to have his email address . Since the WestLB financing facility is scheduled to expire soon , we need to get the transformers transferred into our new facility , as well as get them contractually allocated to various projects . Please give me a call or have Dave call me so that we can handle this as expeditiously as possible . Thanks , Kay
Scott , As I preliminary answer , this language hasn't been approved by Deffner's group , although it is based on language they have seen before . It was my understanding that you wanted to keep this deal off their radar screen , as you didn't want them entering into the structuring picture until later . We can ask for a blessing on the language , but that will probably lead to questions about how the deal will be structured , etc . I am happy to access the resources in their group , however . FCE hasn't seen any of this language . It was something I pulled together for you to look at . As for FCE's desire to assign in case of merger , etc , I think the language is too broad . In fact , I think assignment by them should require our consent . Otherwise , it needs to be conditioned on the acquiring party to be acquiring a bunch of stuff: the know how , the patent rights , the manufacturing facilities , etc . If they are going to merge with another company or sell their shares , they don't need an assignment clause , unless there is something peculiar in Conn . law . They only need assignment language for an asset sale . Kay
Gentlemen , Attached are GE's comments which I just received . They are concerned that we tried to improve the contract . Oh well . I hope to get this resolved today so we can wrap it up early next week . Talk to you soon , Kay
I can assure you that no improvement in the relative risk allocation was intended . They pointed out what appeared to be some disconnects , and in some cases I ok'd them putting the suggestions in for discussions purposes . I wasn't trying to play games . Talk to you soon , Kay
As I fix I was going to offer to let GE pick up 1/2 their bill... . Kay
Hi Mark , I thought I was in my "final" office . Where am I moving ? Kay
FYI , I expect to be on vacation that week . Kay
Hi Jeff and Barbara , I would really like to stay where I am , if possible . I like being close to Suzanne , not to mention the good neighbors and the benefit of facing the wall . Thanks , Kay
We had a very good work session with GE today to iron out the details of the break out contract . We expect to have a draft on Monday , which should be close to final as far as the form goes . I have also asked A & K to prepare a memo outlining what will need to be done on a project basis to complete the document . Please let me know if you have any questions . Kay
Barbara has asked that I submit a weekly report about what I'm working on . I haven't had time to fix up anything pretty , but I'll give you the big ticket items: Fuel Cell Energy/CRRA transaction . Enron owns equity and holds warrants for Fuel Cell stock . We need to sell 55 mw of fuel cells in order to get the benefit of the warrants . The commercial team is working on a deal to place 50 mw with the Connecticut Resource Recovery Authority , a state agency . I have been working feverishly on the equipment contract , and we recently completed the LOI with CRRA . We need to move to more definitive docs with CRRA , and the structuring isn't complete . The decision about whether the state will fund the project is expected in December . This deal is likely to continue to take up a large amount of my time , and requires a fair amount of travel , as I am involved in direct negotiations . This transaction is on Dave D and Janet D's radar screen , and Mark is familiar with it . The potential upside ( in a perfect world) , is rumored to be in the nine figure range . Turbopark . Turbopark is the latest financing vehicle for power projects . Enron is moving 20+ turbines into Turbopark in the next 45 days . This requires a series of contracts with GE ( at least 6 ) which I am working on . We also have to move transformers into this facility , so I have been in contact with ABB concerning same . GE general . ENA is attempting to negotiate a standard contract with GE . I've been working with Sheila on this one . We are committed to finish this project by the end of this year . Westinghouse warranty issues . ENA has two significant disputes wiht Westinghouse concerning a couple of turbines . I'm riding herd on resolving the issues . VEPCO . We were attempting to negotiate a PPA with Virginia Power , but ran into some problems , so it won't close this year . Theres' some miscellaneous follow up work to do . Illinois development . I'm supporting the devolopers who are developing power plant sites in Illinois . Enron/Peoples joint venture . I'm working with the Enron commercial team in certain matters relating to getting the joint venture up and running . This gives at least an overview of what I'm spending most of my time on .
If it says Austin , it must be yours... . Kay
1100 is just fine . We are all so dependent on our computers , I can hardly remember what we did in the "old days" . Kay
so please let me know if you can't get them printed soon . Thanks , Kay
Hi Mitch , My suggested changes are highlighted . Please let me know what else I can do . Kay
Hi John , Thanks for your call the other day . The team is currently focused on getting the funding approved , as you can see from the attached . Also , we have had some discussions with Fuel Cells about the contract to purchase the equipment . I expect to forward a draft to you soon for a sanity check . It may be a Connecticut law contract due to the State's involvement . The next big item will be the project development agreement . The tax credit monetization is still on the horizon , and if the funding approval is granted , we will want to talk about your sense of how that might work . Again , thanks for checking in . Kay
Here's how it is shaping up: We have a fence appointment for noon , the Wednesday before Thanksgiving . That is the first opening , but there is always a chance of a cancellation . Just in case there is an earlier opening , the utility people will be out tomorrow . Therefore , we need to have BOTH dogs put up tomorrow , and the gate open . We have a noon appointment with John Foster THIS Wednesday . There is a $20 consulting fee . This is the same day Michael's class sings in chapel at 115 , so this isn't too bad . I have a 130 staff meeting , but maybe I can miss it . The work will NOT be done that day , as far as I know . If we have a hope of leaving town the week of Thanksgiving , we need a reservation at the kennel . Do we have one yet ? I would say we might want one Fri and Sat night . Also , we might want to consider boarding Jack this week for a couple of days , so we don't have to do the crate trip . We should be ok Saturday-Wednesday , since I'm planning on being home , and Paige will be home on Tuesday . Kay
Hi Peter , Do you have a new ETA yet ? I need to manage expectations on this end . Thanks , Kay
Hi Geneva , The instruction sheet mentions a gift bag . Do I pick this up at drop off ? Thanks , Kay
Peter , If I can get the clean version , I'm happy to run a blackline here . Maybe getting out of your system would help ! Thanks , Kay
Blackline to follow . Kay
Here's the blacklined version . Kay
Most recent ( but not final ) Turbopark/GE contract . More to come.. . Kay
Kay
Print job .
Greetings , I'm working with Sheila Tweed and others at ENA and EECC in developing a more standardized contract with GE for equipment purchases . The goal is to develop a more efficient contracting process , and to avoid negotiating the same points repeatedly , with varying results among business units . Sheila has suggested that I drop you a line to see if this is something you might find interesting and/or helpful . You now have my email address , and my phone number is 713 345 7566 . Please let me know your thoughts about participating in the process . Thank you , Kay
Thanks !
Not today . Let's get feedback from GE today . Plus , the document has a lot of formatting glitches and it looks terrible . Does that work ? Kay
Hi Peter , When do you think we will have a pretty compared document ? Thanks , Kay
Scott , Here are letters to Westinghouse , as revised to reflect our comments . Kay
I got lots done Saturday , but I can't remember what ! You know how that goes . I bought a few Christmas presents , which felt good . I went to the grocery store and spent lots of time without rushing . That felt decadent . We didn't get hit too badly . Jack ran off during the worst part of the storm , scaring Neil and I horribly . A neighbor brought him back . We are having an electronic fence installed soon , so I hope that will help . I'm glad Michael got to see Uncle Bob . He was very impressed that his name was so close to Uncle Bobby's . I'm guessing that we may come down for a day or two next week . Sorry I can't get organized . Hope you are enjoying better weather today ! Love , Kay I thought I had sent it out on Friday , but I had just saved it as a draft . Must have been the full moon . Kay
Hi Heather , Jeff and Ozzie , The only issue I have with the testimony is the statement that the units are "extremely quiet" . At this point FCE will only guaranty 60dba , which some folks might not consider to be extremely quiet depending on how close a facility is to their house . You may have determined that the noise level will be some number less than 60 dba so that the guaranty level does not reflect the expected noise level . Kay
Need a sitter . I'm working on it ! Any idea what time it starts ? Kay
A que hora ? ( what time? )
Looks like they have a rats nest to figure out .
Your suggestion is probably cheaper for Enron !
FYI .
Ok , I'm almost done forwarding emails .
Heather , I think the clean one is ok to send to Bob Wright as is . Kay
My recollection is that I gave it to Sheila around the time it came in , but I wouldn't swear to it . I'll check around here . Kay
Peter , Do we have a good clean copy ? If so , please re-send it to me , along with the best of blacklines . I have so many versions that I want to be clear that we are looking at the same documents . I also want to send the best of the best to GE , the Enron commercial team and the 4 other Enron lawyers who have received the defective versions . Thank you , Kay
Here's the blackline I prepared , so you can see which looks better . Here it is as a Word file , just in case:
Hi Kent , Hope this is helpful . Kay
Hey Suz , Is Sheila still planning on having the GE call tomorrow ? Thanks , Kay
Hi Don , I'm not connecting this with anything on my "to do" list . Were you looking for someone else ? Kay
Gentlemen , Things are heating up , no pun intended . Therefore , it would be helpful if you would prepare a closing list for the GE turbines moving out of WestLB . I know it is short , but I thrive on lists . I cannot tell you how many calls I've swapped with ABB's rep about that contract , without ever hooking up . I see that we will be facing a fire drill quickly in getting at least some of these transformers into the right financing vehicle . Therefore , please prepare a list of site specific issues for that document as well . Thanks , Kay
FYI .
okey dokey
Mike Sandridge and I finally spoke on the phone . Here are the issues which need to be addressed to keep things moving: 1 . Which transformers go where ? 2 . How do we deal with the two cancelled units and any cancellation charges ? 3 . ABB has not had a good experience with an Enron LLC arrangement , and the contract allows for them to request payment security . Unless they are convinced that they aren't at risk , they will want some form of payment security . The contract does allow for the equipment to be paid off ( except retainage ) to facilitate the assignment . Mike is available Thursday to discuss these issues , and how to get the break out contracts closed . I'm available any time . Kay
Are you going to get a Palm Pilot ?
Me again . I have a meeting with ABB for Thursday . Could you make me a list of issues like you did with the GE contract ( removing the comments from the text) , and blackline the new clean "commentless" version against the original master contract . Thank you , Kay
Here's something to look at . I'm heading out soon for Master Whalley's birthday party at the Houstonian , but I'll check messages later today . Kay
fyi . I'm printing . Kay
Yes , such as the side letter , assignments , etc . That may be about it , but I don't trust my memory . Since there is so much to do in such a short time , lists help ! Thanks , Kay
I've found CompareRite to work with long documents . Plus , these documents started out as WordPerfect documents and were converted to Word , which I think creates problems with Word comparisons . I figure it is a Gates conspiracy.. . Kay
I'll be calling in from out of the office , as will Sheila .
Will Sheila be in the office today ?
Vizsla . I think they are also known as Hungarian pointers , but vizsla is the official AKC name .
What an awful mess .
Please print and fax the email and the attachment . I emailed Jeff and told him what I'm up to today , by the way . Kay
Last time I checked I didn't have a fax from you . Did it go through ?
Here's my list of comments to the most recent draft . It is subject to internal review , but this gives you an idea . Could we have a telephone conference to knock out as many of these as possible ? Thanks , Kay
Hi Guys , This is just intended to be a list of issues to be addressed in each project specific contract - a "to do" list to finish each one . Kay
This is the most current clean version of the GE breakout contract . You have also received a list of site specific references in the contract to assist in the preparation of the final document . I will contact Kent Shoemaker today to see how close we are on the form . It is my understanding that the lawyers involved in the projects will take the laboring oar once the form is ready to go . I'll let you know as soon as I hear something from GE . I am also trying to set up a meeting with ABB today or tomorrow . I will send you the current version of that contract as well , although we have not had any input from ABB on it yet . Kay
FYI
I agree .
You are right on all points ( especially the punting one!) . You should have the list of specific "fill in the blank" stuff which I forwarded recently . Also , we had a discussion yesterday with GE on the form of the assignment/assumption agreement , so there shouldn't be anything required of you from that standpoint . I'm here today ( wasn't yesterday ) and will be happy to discuss it with you . Kay
I suggest we give GE a time line for completing each of the break out contracts . I'm unfamiliar with the individual project requirements , so I'm asking your help . I believe City of Austin is ready to go as soon as the form is complete , and it could be a great candidate for working on immediately . I know the ESA project has some time sensitivity as well . Please let me know what you think . Kay
I left Kent a message , suggesting that we start with COA , telling him ENA is the assignee . I'll let you know when I hear from him . Kay
Are they still available ?
Please !
Maybe it is Lisa Alfaro . If you prefer that an ENA lawyer handle it , I will volunteer . Your plate is more full than mine ( I just ate at the luncheon , and I'm thinking in food metaphors. ) Kay
I guess the ESA lawyers have decided that this is not the time to outsource project work ! We are to the point where we need Ben to help pull the technical and financial details together . I'll see what I can do to get his attention . Dan is still in the midst of his health issues , so he is fasting in anticipation of a 230 physical . Roger Balog brought a pumpkin cheesecake which was delicious , and one of clerks made the best collard greens I had ever had . I am miserable - which means I ate a lot more than greens and a piece of cheese cake . Kay
Ben , Has the payment allocation chart been updated , and if so , could I get a copy ? Thanks , Kay
Hi guys , I thought it would be a good idea to come up with an plan of action to get the facility agreements closed out . From what I can tell here , the ESA and City of Austin deals are the most time sensitive .
Sounds great to me . If we need Ben , it will need to be after noon eastern . If it is just us chickens anytime after 930 your time is good for me . Kay
So ?
Hi John , Neil and I discussed this last night . I know we are interested in at least as many games as we had last year . I'll check with him and get back to you . Hope all is well . I haven't forgotten you ! Kay
I never would have guessed smoked oysters . I think I'm cooking for the 4 of us , plus Lena and any stray friends we find . We will probably come to Palacios on Saturday and spend the night , although I haven't discussed it with Mom yet . It is dreary here today , but in a nice way . I don't mind it too much , although by Sunday we may be stir crazy . We went to Michael's school on Wednesday , as his class was singing in chapel . Roger Clements was there , video cam in hand , doing the dad thing . He is a really big guy , much bigger than I thought . He looks like a football player . I see why Piazza didn't take a swing ! I would say "break a leg" for Katie , but with your groups orthopedic problems , I hesitate to use the phrase ! Love , Kay
FYI . I believe we need your help with preparing the first two breakout contracts - one for the City of Austin project , and one for the ESA project . I heard yesterday that they want the ESA contract by November 22 , and the COA shortly thereafter . I expect to talk to Kent today about where we are on the form , and how to move forward to closure . Kay
Looks like Lee is still in the loop . Kay
Dale , What is your availability for a conference call with GE today ? Kay
fyi I'll send you the list of site specific references also .
I'm in a conference call marathon , but I'll holler . You might just want to look at the sections referenced in the memo . Kay
I haven't heard from GE yet today . Is your cell phone still the best way to contact you ?
How do we look for a conference call today ? I'll be open in about an hour . Kay
200 sounds good to me , and an hour should be sufficient .
Per Rose's instructions .
Dale said it was ok for me to send this to you . Kay
Dale , Looking good so far . FYI . Kay
Per our discussion .
I just spoke with GE's counsel , and here's where we are: Change the following for the final draft: 1.80 delete "remaining" 10.2.1 take out the note Otherwise , GE had no comments . If you look on the spreadsheet I sent you earlier , it gives the unit numbers for each of the projects . You can figure out the guaranteed delivery dates by matching up the delivery dates from the contracts with the number . Also , please fix the use of purchase amount in 10.10.6 as suggested by Dale . The ESA deal has a change order associated with it ( change order 3 , attached below ) and that CO is not reflected in the amounts to be paid . City of Austin has no change orders . The assignee is Enron South America . Thanks , Kay
I tried to figure out how to print the whole thing , but failed . Did she figure out how to print the entire document ? It really has a lot of information on it . Kay
Lee , I'm in town next week ( fishing a lot , though ) and can be reached at the Kay
Dale , Do you have the missing info ? If not , I can send it to you . Kay
I wanted to pass along the resume of Carlos Sole . Carlos and I worked together extensively at EECC . The "reorganization" of EECC has him moving to EES , but he would prefer to work here . He recently met with V . Sharp , and she understands that he wants to explore opportunities at EWS ( I'm learning the new nomenclature) . John Schwartzenburg understands this as well . I can recommend Carlos as a solid , intelligent , hard working lawyer . He's a great guy and I believe he would fit in well here . Thanks , Kay
Hi , Got your voice mail , and it reminded me to sent this out . I don't know what is up with Jeff , so why wait to send this ? Next comes Finance/M&A ( Lance and Travis) . I'm having lunch with Dan today - want to join us ? We are going to Fox Diner . Kay
Does this project have another name ? I'm not familiar with Fountain Valley . Is this the same as PSCO ? Kay
I'm packing my office ( yes , another move) , so I'm generally avialable . Do you want to come over here around 1130 , and we'll load up Dan and go . This will be a car trip , as FD is on Taft .
Eric , here are some questions from Peter , the AK lawyer who is working on the contract . If you can respond by return email , Peter can keep this moving . 1 . Payee and Address for Invoices referenced in Section 6.7.2 of the Agreement 2 . Section 6.7.1 Agreement reference [you might see if NEPCO has a reference] 3 . For the recitals , what is the kW capacity of its plant and where is the plant located ? 4 . According to the spreadsheet , the Guaranteed Delivery Dates for Units 9-11 was 10/30/00 . The Guaranteed Delivery Date for Unit 12 is 11/30/00 . Are these still the dates we are using ? 5 . Please provide the serial numbers for Units 9-12 for Section 6 . Please provide the names , addresses , etc . for Sections 25.1 and Thanks , Kay
Hi Peter , 1 . I don't think you need to do anything re Enron South America , as Rob Taylor is working on that . Were you asking about ENA ? Delaware , 1400 Smith , Houston , 77002 . 2 . I don't know who is preparing all the exhibits , as I'm waiting to hear from GE . Don't most of the exhibits just need to be copied ? Is the list you gave me of the exhibits which need to be adapted the right place to look ? 3 . No . The November payment has been made . You should get the other info by email from Eric Boyt . Thanks , Kay
Dan just dumped me , so we can go any where you want . Do you have a preference ? Kay
Eric , these are already in my list that I sent you . Kay
You'll like it . Do you want to meet by the garage ? Kay
Peter , Enron South America has nothing to do with COA . Enron North America is the assignee . As for payments , we can state that as of the signing of the agreements , all payments have been made . Sounds ok to me . Kay
That Paul has a cloud over him . At least he has time to heal before baseball season . We are planning on spending Saturday night . Neil and I will stay at the B & Enjoy this great weather . I hear more rain is forecast for the weekend - hope they are wrong ! Love , Kay
Yes , and I agree .
Fine by me . I'm supposed to be on vacation this week , but so far I haven't done a very good job of it !
Please print .
Please print and put with other stuff you just printed . Thanks
His last day is tomorrow , not Wednesday .
Hi Dale , There is another change order #1 which has been signed by ABB but not Enron , relating to the cancellation of a couple of transformers . I don't think it will be signed until next week . Can this change order be used as incentive to get ABB to the table on the breakout contract ? I'm sending a copy of this to Kathleen Clark at EECC and Ben Jacoby , just to make sure there aren't any other change orders floating around . Ciao , Kay
Is it reasonable to expect that Enron as well as Peoples will be involved in the preliminary meetings ?
1989 Full Size Ford Bronco Eddie Baurer 4x4 Black with Tan Accent two tone paint Tan Interior 83,000 miles 302 Engine Automatic New A\C New Tires up Front , rear are 1 year old- Oversized New Exhaust Manifolds Push Button 4 wheel drive Have all records of repairs and maintanence . Truck has been extremely reliable with the only problem being the A\C which I had fixed and converted to R134 in Late August of this year Blue Book - $6950 Please Call x3-3838 or 281-858-8543 for details . Clay Elliott
Hey Suz , I'm off to walk my dog . I'm doing some stuff for Gregg Penman this am , but it isn't too bad . Paige will be home in time to go to lunch , and Michael wants her to come visit his school . Hope all is quiet . Is Dan OK ? Ciao , Kay
Peter , Go ahead and complete the draft with what you have , and transmit it to me with a list of questions which need to be answered to finish it . Thanks , Kay
That reminds me that I had trouble reaching the pedals in your Bronco .
Looks like the changes are relatively minor , but I feel better !
Eric , Has this info been provided to Andrews and Kurth yet ? It is needed to finish the facility agreement for the LM's , especially if you are trying to move these out of the existing contract on Monday . Thanks , Kay
Any problem with this ? Thanks , Kay
I like the changes . I forwarded it to Bill to give him one last shot , but if we don't hear from him by noon , I would go with it .
Good morning . So did I get moved ? If so , please don't worry about unpacking . I actually prefer to do it myself anyway . I'm not checking voice mail , so if anyone calls I'm on vacation . Period . I've spoken to Sheila and Gregg Penman , and I'm taking care of what they need , but if I take on anything else , I might as well pack Michael up and come to the office today . Hope you have a great Thanksgiving . See you Monday ! Kay
This is the last email I have on the issue of consequentials/LOL . As I recall , we have not agreed to the redaction of the carve out of the LOL for gross negligence , but it is an important issue for GE . Steve Swift wants to close out these issues . Are we ready , or do we need this for a swap for something ? Kay
The referenced section are primarily names and addresses for invoices and official notices . I'll pass the other info along . Thanks , Kay Enron Global Finance
FYI , Kent Shoemaker ( GE lawyer for LM's ) is on vacation today , but I believe he will be back in the office next Monday . Kay
FYI .
Welcome back!!! ! I was worried about you - tooooo much stress . Hope you can relax for at least 24 hours .
What a great idea ! Unfortunately , I bought her something already , which is highly unusual for me . Hope you are enjoying all your guys . Kay
Hi ! Matt is over until 300 , Paige is off with Abbey , and I'm waiting for a conference call to start . How many places should I set at the table tomorrow ?
Kathleen , Is everything ok ? I hope you are just having a nice day to yourself . What perfect weather ! Kay
I've heard that the turbines are supposed to be moved out of WestLB today . The contract with GE is not quite finished , although it is close . Kay
FYI . I hope to have a conversation with GE today regarding finishing this document , including the exhibits . Kay
Do the LM facility agreements for DevCo turbines need to contemplate ENA as an agent ? Will it specifically be ENA , or an ENA subsidiary ? Thanks , Kay
Hi there , In resolving some issues with Westinghouse there was an agreement reached concerning the disposition of the Blue Girl turbines , as well as certain issues relating to the Gleason and Wheatland facilities . In connection with this agreement I am forwarding to you a draft letter agreement concerning resolution of these matters . As you can see , Westinghouse has requested that NEPCO , EEPC and LJM2-Turbine , LLC sign the agreement . Your comments would be appreciated . Kay
I was out on vacation last week , so I just now received this . I'll give it a look . Kay
Attached is the most recent draft of the facility agreement for the LM6000's . This version was prepared for the Austin project and therefore lacks any DevCo specific references or requirements . Your input as to any lender requirements , as well as the rights and responsibilities of the agent , would be greatly appreciated . Thanks , Kay
I love to look up this stuff.. . Kay PS It was great seeing you guys last week .
Dear Turbine Torture Club Members: The purpose of this email is to confirm that we will have a conference call this Wednesday , November 29 at 130 CT . The following items have been suggested for the agenda: Form of consent to assignment agreement ( draft circulated ) - to be used for LM's and Frames , if possible . Assignment language - new language being tortured within the Enron ranks , to GE soon . Limit of liability , indemnity , etc . - Enron owes GE a position on this . In addition , it seems to me that the following equipment will be "moving" soon: City of Austin LM's ( to be assigned to ENA , then NEPCO ) LM's for the ESA project PSCO , LV CoGen , the remaining LM's , Pastoria , Blue Dog ( all to DevCo , right? ) I suggest that we address any commercial , financial or legal issues outstanding concerning the assignment of these turbines . There may be others who need to be involved in the call , and there may be additional issues . Please advise . Thanks , Kay
Rose , I suggest putting [brackets] around commercial operation as the date we can assign without consent . As of now commercial operation is not a defined term ( I hope it will become a defined term) , so we may want to agree to a different milestone . Thanks , Kay
I just don't know how many questions they can come up with . I've quit predicting . Kay
Hi Bob , I believe I gave on October 24 , so I'll go again around Christmas . I'm glad that you've gotten some good news , and here's hoping for a much better 2001 ! Kay
You guys must be exhausted with all that activity . Congratulations on the grandbaby . That's a BIG deal . My oldest "baby" is 20 , a junior in college , and my Michael is 6 . Every age is special . Thanks for the periodic updates about Michael . He's in my thoughts , so I appreciate the info . Kay
Hi Peter , Could I get a compared version of the most recent Austin draft against the original agreement ? Thanks , Kay
Sounds good . We went to Palacios last weekend . The water was very silty from the rain , and the tide was low . There were a few black drum , but not much else . We did find a stone crab , which was a first . Kay
Hi Guys , I can't recall if you have made any revisions to the exhibits . Please advise ( and resend ) if you have . Thanks , Kay
Here's a new one . Michael told me he was hungry ( big surprise) . I said , "Michael , do you want some turkey?" He said "No Mom , did you forget that I'm a vegetarian?" I had to leave the room as I couldn't keep from laughing ! Kay
I think he will just tell us that chicken nuggests are vegetables .
Have a safe trip back ! Love , Kay
Please note . I called Cher .
Hi there , Can you dig up Peter Thompson's number for me ? He is in A & K's DC office . Kay
Here's what I have for an electronic file of the exhibits . Kay
Please print and fax this to Sheila . You don't need to print the attachmenThanks , Kay
Hi Carol , I saw that you posted about getting a nanny . I've used two services , but only one that I can suggest . For my last nanny , I used Morningside Nanny Service , or something close to that . They seemed thorough , and found us a wonderful person . I've also used River Oaks Nanny , but they sent me a nut case . Good luck , Kay
Thanks .
I think this is the most current version . Kay
Will do . Kay
Here's a somewhat refined version , with a reference to the financing reps . Do we want to be more specific ? Seller shall only be deemed to be reasonable in withholding its consent if the proposed assignee: ( i ) does not have a credit rating of [___] unless ( a ) the proposed assignee provides appropriate guaranties , letters of credit or other assurances of payment issued by an entity or person with a credit rating of [__] , or ( b ) the assignor agrees to remain liable for all liability under this Agreement until [appropriate milestone] , or ( c ) is a party participating in or providing financing or financing structures , including , without limitation , structures related to leasing arrangements and project financing , including a special purpose vehicle receiving financing to develop and/or construct the project for which Purchaser or Agent purchased the Equipment , if Purchaser or Agent has provided reasonably satisfactory representations concerning the sufficiency of the financing arrangement , or ( d ) final payment ( except for the retention amount ) has been made to Seller; ( ii ) is a direct competitor of Seller in the turbine manufacturing business , ( iii ) is an adverse party to Seller in any material litigation , or ( iv ) if purchasing the Equipment , such assignee is not purchasing such Equipment ( or rights thereto ) as part of a transaction in which Purchaser , Agent or their Affiliates is providing related goods and/or services to such assignee .
I just love the law... .
The next step in the turbine challenge is getting a draft working for the ESA transaction . You will find the turbines referenced on the Excel chart as ESA- Brazil #6 and #2 . I am forwarding the serial numbers for those turbines . Please get a draft going on this one - we want to close on Monday . Rob Taylor is working on this from the finance side . He should be faxing you some language which needs to be included concerning an agency arrangement . He may also have the names of the assignee and the agent . Thanks , Kay
Hi Lee , Opps . I forgot to send this to you . Kay
More complete info .
Hi Eric , I had a computer malfunction and lost your email . Could you please resend it ? Thanks , Kay
Opps . When you wrote back earlier I thought you were responding to me and not Rose's email , so I made a couple of changes and sent it out to everyone . The Barnas affiliate language required an affiliate to own or operate the plant ( not construct) , and I was unclear on the time frame when that had to occur . I'll explain what happened and apologize to him if he thinks we re-traded , and can back off of the changes . The insanity continues here . Kay
Please send a reminder out to Mike Barnas , Kent Shoemaker , Steve Swift , Rose Ben Jacoby , Scott Dieball , and Sheila , and once again include the instructions ( yeah , I know) . thanks , Kay
And Lisa Bills .
Hi Scott , Do you want to get together a few minutes early tomorrow to discuss indemnity/LOL , etc ? Kay
Michael says that you and he will be putting up Christmas decorations this evening "straight away" "before nightfall" etc . Of course , it is a good thing to do at night so long as it isn't raining . I was thinking it would be fun to have a family outing this weekend instead of sitting around the house . Maybe Moody Gardens ? That seems like a fun place to go . What do you think ?
Good morning , and FYI . Kay
Here's the draft form I received this am . Look forward to talking to you later . Kay
Peter ( or Paul ) Please call so that we can discuss . 713 345 7566 . Thanks , Kay
Since you both asked the same question , I thought I would send an email . The little I know about rail is that the railroads control the contracts . You do it their way . There is a lot of language in the LM contract concerning shipment , risk of loss , insurance , delivery . I haven't thought through it all , but these issues probably need to be considered . It may be best to work through GE on a change order basis to have them handle the shipment and storage elsewhere . Otherwise , we run the risk of having a dispute with them later about any problems or damage . I will be talking to GE this afternoon if you want the topic to be discussed then . Good luck ! Kay
I'll have to ask Neil for Michael's SS# . I don't have it on me . I know Neil's boss and his boss' boss will have parties . I think one in on the 16th and the other on the 30th ( stupid day for a party) . Are those good days for you ? I just can't get interested in going to the Enron parties - too many people . We could really stand some shopping time ( bah humbug) , also . Kay
fyi . Please call ME . Kay
Don't forget Mama and gettin' otta jail .
This is from my daughter .
The first of these two documents contains the key terms of the GE contract for the ESA deal . It was prepared by GE . Your comments would be appreciated . Kay
Here's how the numbers are being handled in another LM deal .
At the risk of sounding like a wimp , I may just go home after my hair apptment . I don't feel up to snuff , and I think it is my sinuses ( check the weather) . I can work from there just as well as I can from here , only in my Kay
I think he needs meds , including Prozac or something like that . He is flat out having an anxiety attack .
He needs to stay away from the scales .
Poor Dan . He is making himself miserable . I'm glad he decided to go to the dinner . I bet everyone there heard about all his physical issues .
Wow , I didn't know I could control anything ! Change order 2 was initialled by Dale and signed by Chris on November 2 , re stack extensions . I also have a hand marked up change order form from Ed Danhaus referring to brush power system stabilizers . Is this what you are looking for ? The procedure has been that the project team/attorney prepares the draft of the change order ( or has EECC do it) , I give it a sanity check and arrange for signature from GE . The issue now would be whether this change order should be processed in the next week , or be a change to the break out contract . I do not believe the cost has been included in the payment schedule . Please give me a call if you would like to discuss this . Thanks , Kay
More info for your file and use . Kay
Maybe we should consider going someplace for a couple of days , sans kids .
I meant a shopping date , no Michael .
Any place with a fire place !
I haven't done anything . I'm just making suggestions .
I've always thought it was my responsibility to let me supervisor know if I'm gone , not yours .
I'm not usually a Galveston person , but it might be worth considering in December . Might be best with Michael , though , so we could go to Moody Gardens and the Strand . What I don't like about Galveston is the water ( duh) . The San Luis is set up for kids , and has a neat view . Guess I have itchy feet . I haven't be on the road in a couple of weeks ! All I see at the house is responsibility , and we never do anything anyway . Any ideas ?
Hi guys , This is the "break out" contract for the LM's . This particular draft was prepared for the City of Austin project , but we also need a TurboPark version . Please advise of any comments you might have . Thanks , Kay
Hi Mike , Here's a draft of the facility agreement for your review . Thanks , Kay PS I think I have a redline somewhere . I'll check .
Attached is the first draft of the ESA facility agreement . which I believe is current through yesterday's discussion . I would appreciate it if you could forward this to the persons in Transaction Support and Tax who are working on this transaction . Thanks , Kay
And now the exhibits .
Out of habit I sent this to Lisa .
More .
Attached is a first draft of a letter agreement relating to the LM 6000/Coral transaction . Please let me know ASAP if you have any comments . Thanks , Kay
print job ditto
They moved it a while back .
Thanks for offering your previous risk memo . I accept all offers of prior work product .
Hi Carolyn , Here are my intial comments on the letter agreement and LLC: 1 . Will there be a second set of documents for the LLC getting the transformer as well as the turbine ? 2 . Tax liability - I think we should broaden the tax section to offload responsibility for taxes related to the transfer and ownership of the equipment , not just the sale . I believe this should be a TEH responsibility . 3 . Terminology - Breakout contract should be Facility Agreement , and commercial operations should be as defined in the Facility Agreement ( a reference is fine) . 4 . Confidentiality - any reason not to have them agree to be bound by the confidentiality provisions in the facility agreement ? If fact , please review the confidentiality provisions in the GE agreement so that we can discuss same . 5 . Creditworthiness - looks like we may have an issue here . We should specifiy that the note should be from a credit worthy entity , or guaranteed by a credit worthy entity . 6 . Timing of delivery of contract and funding - in discussing this matter with our commercial lead , Ben Jacoby , he indicated that he believed that the obligation to fund would be contemporaneous with the delivery of the facility agreement , or stated another way , a condition precedent to the obligation to fund as opposed to existing ( as a signed document ) as of the time of signing . 7 . Reps - as we discussed , Enron should rep that it has the ability to convey the equipment , or other such language , as opposed to getting into the nitty gritty of our financing structure . I'm still reviewing and collecting comments , but this gives you an idea of where we are headed . Thanks , Kay
As soon as I hit the "send" button I recalled another issue . Enron does not want the LLC used for anything other than the acquistion/disposition/adminstration of the equipment . Other development activities should be conducted in another entity , at least so long as Enron has an ownership interest . I'm going to double check this , as it seems the LOI is fairly specific on this point .
For the next step.. .
Gentlemen , The ESA docs are being reviewed internally for financing and accounting issues . Thanks for turning the docs in such a timely manner . COA is on stand by , due to our need to focus on ESA and two new , identical contracts ( remember , we have a lot of turbines! ) The next two up are the ones previously destined for CAL ISO - I believe units 17 & 18 . These units also have the dual fuel options included , so the base prices of each will be increased appropriately . We will pay 75% of the price prior to signing the facility agreement , and the January payment will be increased by 25% of the cost of the dual fuel option . The turbines will be assigned to two sister Delaware LLCS: CA Energy Development I , LLC and CA Energy Development II , LLC . Use Ben Jacoby at 1400 Smith , Houston , 77002 for notices and invoices for purposes of the draft . We don't have any of the specifics on the site conditions , so we will have to work with generics . We would like to have a draft yesterday , but seeing as that is impossible , please advise when you think it can be ready . Thanks again and again , Kay
This is for future reference .
A psych student could write a dissertation about that statement .
Michelle , Carlos would be a great addition at ENA in any transactional capacity . I worked with him extensively ( actually , I hired him) , and he is terrific . Thanks , Kay
I'm sending the stuff Carolyn did , and attaching the letter revised to specifically reference the January payment . I suspect that Coral may request language like Carolyn's version , as it tracts the language in the LOI .
I can see if I can come up with a reason to go to New York if you want to go there . I know New Orleans has deals that time of year . There is also Guadalupe River Ranch , and some decent B & B's in Galveston .
Team , I still need comments on the GE break out contract which was previously forwarded to Finance , Accounting and Tax . If anyone who didn't get it would like to get it , please let me know . Also , I am unclear as to whether the consent form we received earlier this week is the final version from Enron's standpoint . Any information on that point would be appreciated . Thanks , Kay
Ben Jacoby has asked that I forward the attached drafts of the letter agreement and LLC agreement . These forms relate to the "turbine only" LLC , but once we get the kinks worked out of this we can move forward with finishing the rest . These documents are subject to Enron internal review , but in the interest of time we are getting this out for comment . Thanks , Kay Mann Senior Counsel
Here's a form:
I'm going to leave Sheila a message and let her know about the meeting . Kay
I think that him leaving word for Michele might be more palatable .
Hi again , Have you been asked to prepare the promissory notes referenced in the letter agreement ? If not , please put this on the list . Also , what else will need to be prepared to close this deal ? I haven't heard for Coral yet , so I don't know if they bought in on closing early next week yet . Since funding is required they may balk . As soon as I know something I will let you know . Thanks again for your help , Kay
Attached is a revised version of the consent to assignment . This version is specific to the ESA deal , but I'm told that the TurboPark version can be expected to be close to the same . Kent , I'm awaiting final Enron input on the facility agreement as well , and I will let you know as soon as I get it . Thanks , Kay
Chris , We won't have any site specific technical info , so we will have to fly without it . I know that seems strange , but there is no designated site for this equipment as of now . Here's co#1: Each of these units has one dual fuel option . The master list of serial numbers is in this document: We use the unit serial numbers as opposed to turbine or generator serial numbers . I'm sending you the whole enchilada since this is a handy reference . I agree with adding 25% of the cost of the dual fuel option to the January payment . Unit 17 to company 1 is fine . The maximum liability price ( or whatever we call it ) will be the base price allocation , plus the dual fuel option amount . Good question on the retention . I guess we should set it up as if each is in a stand alone project . As far as I know they may be intending to put these at separate sites . I'll get back to you on the fax and contract reference number . Thanks , Kay
I will be happy to review change order #5 , and present to GE for their review and approval . First , it needs to be prepared by someone involved with the project , and Finance needs to be notified that additional funding will be required , if they don't know already . As I mentioned in my email , there needs to be a definitive decision made as to whether the change order should be funded out of WestLB ( prior to December 15 ) or will be funded through I faxed change order #2 to Al so that he has the form . If this will be funded through WestLB , the current contract value is $352,289,400 . Here is the electronic form: Kay
The sailing might be fun , and the price is right . The Main Bed & Breakfast Inn General Information Welcome to The Main Bed and Breakfast Inn , located in Palacios on the sceniTexas Gulf Coast . Nick and Kathy Nichols are the innkeepers , and your hostsfor enjoying the sights of Tres Palacios and Matagorda Bays . The Inn is aGerman Gothic-style stone house , built in 1917 . From it,s spacious frontporch to the sun room at the rear of the house , particular attention has begiven to preserve the character and authenticity of the structure . Graciousarchways join the foyer , living and dining rooms , polished hardwood floorsrun throughout the main floor , and attractive , comfortable furnishings complete the scene . The modern conveniences include central air conditioninand televisions in each room . Six accommodations are available to guests: two rooms in the main house , each with private baths and private entrances . Oneis appointed with the innkeepers memorabilia of their home in Colorado , theother with momento,s from their life at sea . Two bungalows are availableseparate from the main house . These have accommodations for families , including a full kitchen and tiled shower . Each bungalow is air conditionedand has a television . A one-bedroom apartment with a spacious living room afull kitchen , can accomodate family groups of four . The last accommodationavailable is our sailboat , Papillon , which is described below . Whether youlooking for a place to relax ( try our pecan tree-canopied back yard ) or pla(the beach , seawall and fishing piers make for a good time) , The Main Bed &Breakfast Inn will make your stay in Palacios a memorable one . Come see us!Room Rates ( USD American Dollars ) All Occupancy Rates are subject to change State and Local taxes may apply Types of Accommodations: 2 rooms , 2 bungalows There are 4 guest accommodations ( 4 with private bathrooms ) The rate for double occupancy is between $60.00 and $65.00 Other Types of Accommodations: Sailboat . The fifth room available to gueis abourd the Nichol's sailing yacht , Papillon , berthed at a marina just blocks from the Inn . This 37-foot vessel has v-berth , head , full galley andsaloon atractively arranged within its 12-foot beam . A night aboard Papilloincludes a delicious gourmet breakfast . Day or night sails on Matagorda Bayor the Gulf of Mexico are also available , with Captain Nick at the helm . Thrate for this special accommodation is $9 5
does this look ok ?
Please give this a look and see what you think .
Hi there , No news here for me , but I thought you might enjoy looking at the second chart . Hope you have PowerPoint so you can open this ! Kay
Frank worked every Saturday when I was at HMRP .
It needs to also go through Lisa Bills and Ben Jacoby . It really doesn't matter to me who handles GE signature . I'd like to get a copy just to stay current . Plus , it impacts the break out contract ( payment schedule and scope) . Kay
Absolutely . Kay Enron North America Corp .
Please calendar . Kay
Sorry it took so long to get back to you . Today has been beyond frenetic . I agree with your comment #1 . I expect they will ask us for a rep like the one in #2 , but they still want to hear it from GE . Kay
Hi Rob , We are considering assigning a couple of the LM's to an Enron LLC , then selling the equity . I've taken a stab at the assignment & assumption agreement . Is this ok ? Has WestLB signed of on this form yet ? This is the same transaction I called you about this am . Any thoughts on the notice question ? Thanks , Kay
Coral wants some comfort from GE . This is their proposal . Kay
How could resist being part of the Light Brigade ?
I really like this one .
The word is that giving the notice could put the equipment on the balance sheet . If the Coral deal didn't close , the equipment would be tainted . Therefore , the giving of the notice needs to occur after we feel certain that the Coral transaction will close . The assignment and assumption agreement have been reviewed by Rob Taylor , and he thinks the agreement is fine . Kay
Hi Guys , In a conversation with GE today , they indicated that they thought it would be appropriate to insert the performance values in the text of the document , and do away with the exhibit . Frankly , I like that approach also . Could you please make that revision and resend the document ? Thanks , Kay
Here's what went out this evening: Kay
Still working it . Kay
Team , Will ESAT still be the signatory to the contract as agent for the Brazilian Power Development Trust , or will the contract be directly between the Trust and GE ? Thanks , Kay
The security desk downstairs may know who he checked in to see .
I know who can sign for EEPC and NEPCO . I tried looking up LJM2-Turbine and haven't located it . I'll try to track it down . I previously sent the letter to the lawyers I believed to be responsible for the entities , so they have some background . Kay Enron North America Corp .
Hello . I would like to receive a brochure and room rates for 2001 . I visited your website and it looks wonderful . Please send the info to Kay Mann , 29 Inverness Park Way , Houston , TX , 77055 . Thanks , Kay
Am I begging too much ? Can you mail her package tomorrow ? I meant to ask today , but I got home so late I didn't get things together . I put one of Michael's airplane pictures in there . If all else fails we can take Michael to Fort Worth . My mom would love to watch him as she wants him to be exposed to Fort Worth culture . ( a better grade of bean dip) . I'm very excited!!! ! Love , Kay
Seems like a good guess to start with .
Just so we are all on the same page , this is the most recent draft of the ESA breakout contract in my files . Thanks , Kay
Well I say book all three nights if the cancellation policy is ok , and let's go for it . Jack to the doggie spa , Michael with Paige .
The dates are the 26th-28th , so we would be back on the 29th .
I haven't read this yet .
This is all I've received on this today .
I'll try to be home by 800 tonight so I can see my baby boy ( and his hot daddy) . High class hamburger sounds great . Love , Kay
The only ABB change order I know about is the one that cancelled two transformers . It has been signed by ABB but not Enron , but it is agreed . It resulted in a cancellation charge of around $350,000 , and obviously lowered the contract value . I'll get a copy and send it to you . Kay Enron North America Corp .
I've taken a stab at revising the consent agreement to reflect the following changes: Adding a material adverse effect clause - Lisa/Rose , I paraphrased on this . Making the consent effective the later or signing or financing . I have ZERO pride in authorship . This is based on ESA , but I would think would apply to TP as well . I think we should get this to GE no later than 1000 am tomorrow if at all possible . Kay
Please send out a reminder of the GE conference call to the following: Sheila Rose Lisa Scott Mike Barnas Kent shoemaker steve swift Ben jacoby We don't need a conference room this week . Thanks ,
This has sound . It is totally hilarious .
Hi there . Could you send me the Word final of the master GE contract which was the basis for the subsequent facility agreements ? I don't have it in Word- just WordPerfect . Thanks , Kay
Mike hasn't sent the new assignment language . To my knowledge we had not discussed including it in this set of agreements , so he may have put it aside to work on the consent issues . Kay
Good morning , We have made some revisions to the consent agreement . I did not redline the changes since we were looking at two different documents yesterday . We added language concerning material adverse event and the need for the financing to occur before the consent is effective . We could not include Paul's request concerning compelling the Owner to take action . Please call me ( 713 345 7566 ) or Rose ( 713 345 7726 ) with questions , or we can address it in our 130 CST phone call . Thanks , Kay
Tonight will be LATE . It is a real rollercoaster . Love , Kay
I'm going I'm going I'm going
Thanks Peter . I'm actually looking for the Master Agreement , not the initial facility agreement . I know that Paul ( or someone ) had converted the original master agreement from WordPerfect to Word . I thought it would be handy to have the file . Thanks , Kay
2 . I believe SWPC further agreed that the assignment to the LLCs ( and the subsequent transfer of equity ) will not affect the terms of the contracts , including the warranties . Enron North America Corp .
Thanks once again . I really appreciate your responsiveness . In a recent email you mentioned that you had a couple more changes to the ESA agreement , then we would be good to go . Can I get that by the end of the day ? Many thanks ! Kay
You might want to check the payment terms . Remember this is only for one unit .
Nicely done . Let it fly .
FYI .
Feed the dogs and kiss Michael .
Chris , What information is needed for the exhibits to the Coral agreement ? I don't remember .
A taste of exhibits.. .
Opps . Sorry about the confusion . We are selling the equity in CA to Coral , so I call it by that name . I'm looking for a list of what you need as referencedin the last line of this email . Hope that helps , Kay
yes please
Not unreasonably withholding consent and agreeing to the assignment are a bit different in my mind . Enron North America Corp .
Sounds good to me . I don't see why the buyer would need the redacted information , other than curiosity . Enron North America Corp .
I'm a strong believer in the team approach . None of us are as smart as all of us . Just left you a message - I'll turn back to finishing the letter before I leave . Kay
You go girl .
Please set up a GE conference call tomorrow at 300 , and send an email inviting the the following: Lisa Bills Roseann Engeldorf Mike Barnas Steve Swift Kent Shoemaker Ben jacoby Lee johnson Sheila Thanks , Kay
FYI . Can you make a call tomorrow at 100 ? Thanks , Kay
Doesn't it feel good to delegate ?
FYI .
Hi Mike , I haven't heard anything from Dave . Could I call him directly ? Thanks , Kay
I haven't looked at this yet , but I wanted to get it to you . I'll send the terms and conditions separately . Kay
More Coral stuff I haven't read .
Hi . You probably thought that I feel off the end of the world . Please take a look at this and give me a call . Thanks , Kay
Scott , We have outside counsel looking at this . Thanks for the update . Kay
There are discussions ongoing today . Karen Jones and Sheila are working it , and I haven't seen a recent draft . It should be ready by Friday . Kay
Hi Mitch , Here's a darft of the revised letter . Please let me know what you think . Kay
Gentlemen , I'm attaching what we are calling an override letter to accompany the breakout contracts . This letter is intended to preserve the lender requirements/accounting treatment from the WestLB agreement so long as the equipment is a part of the financing package . I believe we also want to address an issue regarding assignment , but we are still discussing Mike's version internally . Kent , I look forward to talking to you tomorrow at 300 CST . If you would like to discuss any of this in the am , please give me a call . Thanks , Kay
Hi Mark , I need to addressee's name . Is NPC here ? Thanks , Kay
More dead trees.. . Kay
Ta da
What a great addition to my day . I'm getting close to being finished with the year end crises ( I hope I hope I hope) , and I'm looking forward to fuelcelling again . Thanks for being patient . See you tomorrow . Kay
Neil , You have my proxy . Please let Anthony know what you think . Thanks , Kay Anthony , Venison would be tough to swallow without teeth . Kay
Sorry , but due to three closings next week I can't be sure I won't be working this Saturday . Kay Enron North America Corp .
Hi Al , My suggestion is that you capture the change order with change order #1 for PSCO's break out contract . If it needs to be paid before year end ( which it probably does ) you can put a payment date of December 20th , and it will be paid out of TurboPark . This approach has been discussed with Lee Johnson at GE , and he is fine with it . Thanks , Kay
Call me when you can . Kay
Is this the same thing we were working on ? Kay
Let's discuss in person . Maybe we should ask Nancy her opinion as well . Kay
Your thoughts ? Kay
I have to confess to having Illinois counsel involved . Kay
Hi , I'm back . I'll give you the short version . I spoke with John , and he tells me he sent Mark and Vicky a note saying that you had paid your debt to society and are free to explore other options . Pretty good stuff . I want to hear what M . Cash said , and who else you are meeting with . Maybe I can lay some ground work . Kay
Who is the labor lawyer that you guys use , and do they do plaintiff's work ? I've had a couple of people ask me for referrals , and I don't know what to tell them . Thanks , Kay
That's a lot of money for music . I wonder how they picked that as opposed to something else ? I'm betting on a Taylor Symphony Hall - that's building money .
Hi Scott , I'm tied up in a call and I don't know when I'll be out . Hopefully , things will lighten up soon . Kay
Can we meet on this today ? We need to reach resolution on some issues . Kay
I'm not that wild about the pan sausage . Hamburger/italian/smoked are good . Kay
Thanks . You guys are doing great .
I saw you didn't get these .
This is so nice . She is one of the lawyers at ENA . I feel very flattered that she invited me . Surely it isn't Amway !
Please see if you can get a conference room for the 300 call . If there isn't one here , try 28 or 29 . Thanks , Kay
At the time I asked you to set it up I did not not the Joe Defner and Mike J Miller would be attending .
I forwarded your email
Please call Sheila and let her know we've made some progress with GE . Please see if there is time she wants to talk prior to 300 CST . Thanks , Kay
Please tell Mike that I'm on a conference call , but can step out if he wants to come up . Obviously , I'm in my office . Please call him and tell him .
Please call me about this when you can .
I believe the payment schedule on the spread sheet previously given to AK is correct . If there is a conflict , change order 4 takes precedence as to the timing of the payments . At least 10% has been paid on these turbines , so I don't understand the 5% question . Rebecca Walker is preparing an updated payment schedule for all the break out contracts . Kay Any info ?
The first facility agreement which needs to be finished is the ESA Facility Agreement . Peter and/or Chris , could you please send/re-send the most recent version with a email stating any open issues , copying everyone on this email . We need to get this one ready to sign tomorrow , if at all possible . My understanding of the commercial deal is that the scope should include change order #3 , with 75% of the value of change order #3 payable on or before Dec . 27 , 2000 , and 25% of change order #3 being added to the January , 2000 payment . Kent/Lee , sorry I didn't mention this in our phone call this afternoon . That's what happens when I'm not working from my list . Thanks , Kay
This is going to be a late night , but if all goes well , it may be my last really late one ( plus a little weekend work) . We made some progress on some important stuff . Thanks , Kay
Your call . Kay
Hi guys , We can't sell the acceleration of the put to GE . Although off the record they will agree to it , for internal reasons they don't want to go on record with it . I'll catch up later . Kay
The good news is they agreed to the current form of the acknowledgement letter , and will send us a letter stating they will sign the letter as is when we close on the facility agreement . I should have that tomorrow . You win a little , you lose a little . Kay
Big whoop .
I just cannot express how wonderful this sounds . Kay
Hi again . Here is the consent to assignment which I believe is ready to go . The only changes I made was adding the requirement to give notice of the financing in 3 ( f) , and making the release of WestLB specific to these turbines ( 1(b)) . I will bring signature pages tomorrow , and will forward the override letter this evening . Please let me know if you have any questions or comments . Thanks , Kay
Here's the override letter for the ESA deal , with the new assignment language added: I want to point out that I included the language from the end of the section .
I'm having typing problems . Notice how I spelled my name below .
Here's the TurboPark consent . Please call me if you have any comments , as I want to send it out tonight . Sheila , I've spoken with Lee Johnson and John Schroeder , and they are lined up to sign at 900 tomorrow . Thanks , Kay PS this is consent to send 12 to TurboPark . This gives us room if the Coral deal doesn't happen in time .
Here's the consent form for the equipment going into TurboPark . If you have any questions , please call me at home tomorrow ( Friday ) morning at 713 973 Thanks , Kay
Ok sports fans , here's a Blue Dog ( who named this one? ) override letter .
Ok , eagle eye , here's the override for your one train deal .
I'm about done . How about you ?
I left around midnight last night . Not too bad if you don't have to do it often . I need to deal with ABB today . Hope you are sleeping ! Kay
Hi Ben , I got a call from Mike , and he gave me his lawyer's telephone number . He is very interested in the change order , of couse . Do I have the pay off number ? What would be a good time to talk about the ABB payment allocation with Herman ? I really want to put that issue to be , because I don't know if we can't put the stuff into TurboPark if we haven't taken care of it . I'm getting GE consent to put the Coral turbines into TurboPark , if necessary . That doesn't mean we have to , but I don't want to take any chances . How would you feel about not having the 1000 call and just having the noon call ? That would give me time to talk to ABB , and we would be able to get the LLC agreement back to Coral . Thanks , Kay
Good morning ! I was wondering if Michael has settled down , or if he is having troubles attending . Thanks , Kay
Today I'm going my GE's offices , so I'll be in late . If the deals I'm working on permit ( 3 are supposed to close next week) , I would like to take as much time as possible off the week of and after Christmas . I won't take off all that time . Thanks , Kay
I'm out of the office until around 1000 cst , but I'll call . In the meanwhile , please have the draft revised to reflect this payment arrangement . This stuff is going fast and furious , and an executed ESA contract will be required for ESA closing their financing on the 13th . That's why it is first in line . We will need to start on a facility agreement for a project known as the Fountain Valley project ( aka PSCO) . Also , I'm going to try to get ABB focused on doing their facility agreements . I've asked the commercial team to prepare an update spread sheet for the turbines to confirm the payment terms . I hope to have it this am . What is your direct line ? Kay
Hi Rebecca , Is email from around 400 yesterday the final version of the payment schedule for the LM's ? I need to get the facility agreements organized , and that information is obviously important . Thanks , Kay
Please include these names on the distribution pthompson@akllp.com and Thanks !
Thanks . I'm on my way to see Lee and John Schroeder , so you can reach me by my cell if you need to . Have fun at your daughter's school . How much fun is that ! Kay
Please send it on .
You may have told me the answer to this already , but is there a spreadsheet for the transformers similar to what we have for the turbines ? Thanks , Kay PS Herman and I are swapping voice mails about scheduling something today . Kay
OK with you guys for me to add this ?
Is the procedure for taking something out of TurboPark about the same as Kay
There may be a possible bust in 17.4. . Specifically please look at how the math works on the refund due to termination . I think that the baseline should be the maximum liability amount , or whatever the proper term might be . Thanks , Kay
I'm expecting John Schroeder from GE between 2-230 . I really need to see him , so please watch for my phone so it doesn't go into voice mail . Thanks , Kay
Ben , are you available at 9am on Monday re ABB ? Thanks Kay
While we were on the phone I sent GE an email about the issue . Kay
I need: the current total contract amount and the payoff amount .
George , I agree with your suggestion , and will make the request to GE . Kay
There are 13 LM's resident at 16415 Jacinto Port Blvd . Houston Texas . I'm working on the transformers . Kay
I left Dave Onuscheck a voice mail about the issues , and asked him to give me a call .
I was going to suggest that we inbed some wiggle in the specifications , but no big deal . Kay
A reminder: 900am Monday , my office . 3882 We need the spread sheet on the transformer payments , please . Thanks , Kay
We would like to have the conference call at 200 CST on Sunday . Any problems ? If not , can you get the word out ? My number at home is 713 973 6325 . Kay
We expect to have a change order executed by ABB on Monday ( Tuesday at the latest ) whereby we agree to pay all but the retainage amount , and they acknowledge that we can assign it to WHOEVER , including the agent ( right?) . Ben and I discussed the fact that the Coral turbines will be moved into TurboPark . I believe we will want to assign the turbines to an Enron LLC the following week . FYI , we have a conference call tomorrow to finish the binding agreement to see them the turbines . If it would work to keep them in WestLB , that's great . However , I want to do whatever creates the least amount of stress for you two . I'll manage Coral and Ben . Please advise . Ciao , Kay PS . Just in case you don't know , your efforts are very appreciated . Not just by me !
Michael and I had a great time at the zoo . It was great to not watch the clock . Thanks , Kay
ENA should sign them tomorrow . ( I assume you are referring to the TurboPark set? )
FYI . Most recent versions . Matt , sorry I missed you call . Roger , does signing the letter agreement cause any balance sheet problems ? We anticipate closing a few days later . Kay
I forwarded the email to GE and received no comment back . Kay
Attached is the proposed change order with ABB . See you at 900am tomorrow ( Monday ) in my office . Thanks , Kay
Will do .
Gentlemen , I've revised paragraph 5 to reflect our discussion . Also , I made a change to paragraph 7 to include technical bulletins per Mitch's request which we did not discuss on our call . Please let me know if you have any questions or comments . Kay
Sounds good .
29 Inverness Parkway , Houston , 77055
I'm thinking GE said "no" .
Janette , I'm available . Kay
I forgot to mention something yesterday . 3 ( g ) states that within 10 days of closing we will provide Coral with the documents on Exhibit T . I personally do not know if we have all the documents listed . We need to either verify that we have these documents , or add some language about providing the ones in our possession . Thanks , Kay
Hi John , I'm attaching the current draft of the contract under which we will be able to buy the Fuel Cell equipment for use on projects in Connecticut . The contract will likely be a Connecticut law contract . Could you have someone give it a fatal flaw check , or should I use Connecticut counsel ? One issue which is nagging me is their request for a security interest in the equipment , as I think this might complicate financing . I assume that an equipment supplier has certain lien rights under Connecticut law anyway . Can you have this verified ? I only want the simplest of explanations . Thanks , Kay
David , I believe you sent me some comments to the Fuel Cell equipment purchase contract . I now cannot locate those comments . Could you resend them ? Thanks , Kay
Here's a good place to start . I'm including a memo from Andrews & Kurth , our outside counsel who drafted the form . Thanks , Kay
Mitch , The language in the draft I sent out yesterday reflects our agreement during the conference call . They requested something along the lines of what is in the email you forwarded , but I believe they accepted the following language: SWPC agrees that the Gleason and Wheatland contracts and associated warranties may be assigned to limited liability companies owned in whole or in part by an Enron entity pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Gleason and Wheatland contracts , and that Enron will not be required to maintain an equity position in either of these companies . SWPC further acknowledges that the assignment of the contracts and the transfer of equity will not impact any warranties or other provisions of the assigned contracts . How does this sound ? Kay Enron North America Corp .
I hope so , too .
Re: ESA . Getting close .
He asked me for the comments .
This is really weird . I do not know why I can't find your email with your comments ( I really think I saw them) , unless it blew itself up ( or operator error on my part) . I will look for a hard copy . Kay
I know how to get LJM's signature . Enron North America Corp .
please print
Resending since you didn't get it earlier .
Dave , Here's the change order we would like to process today . Thanks , Kay
I would line up CA next . Let me look over what Lee sent then I'll call ( or you can call when you get free) . How was the game ? Thanks , Kay
Hot of the press . This should be very close to the last version . Kay
There is one completed unit going into TurboPark . The address is listed below . Kay
$2.8 million .
Team , I do not know if we have a full and complete set of documents , and if so , how long it will take to get these documents copied . Ben , can you address that issue ? I don't want to assume that this is a slam dunk , as this is the kind of thing you can trip up on , especially since they are on a tight construction schedule . I'm not sure I understand his second comment . Kay
Hi Ben , Have you talked to Janet about you being a director in the LLC's ? Thanks , Kay
Ben , I suggest that we get EECC ( or whoever ) to put the stuff together . You can't count on the right people being around after the 15th of December , and 10 days is nothing . Kay
I circulated today's drafts to Finance , Tax , and Accounting , but have not yet heard back from them . I'll have to confirm when Enron will be ready to go forward . Kay Please print .
The latest , greatest.. .
Viola .
Ben , It would seem to me that the retained amount on each transformer would be based on the total purchase price , including the option payments . Any reason to assume otherwise ? Thanks , Kay
Look what just came in .
Any comments ?
Guess Neil better start moving the plants , too .
Gentlemen , Since we are moving the equipment from WestLB and into TurboPark , and since we are just about there with the breakout contracts , we need to process this as change order #1 to the Fountain Valley contract . I also believe we need the site specific stuff for this project . Kay
Lee ( and others) , Exhibit B is the EECC spec , right ? I do not know if I have an electronic version . If locating it is a problem , we can copy what we have unless there is some reason to handle it otherwise . Exhibit H-2 is the S & S training program dated 2/3/00 . Lee/Mike , do you have more copies of that document that we can attach ? Kay
You are in charge of your own destiny . Kay
Michael is sick , so he's at home , and taking him to the doctor . More strep . My baby had 103 temperature last night . He was so pathetic . I will probably stay home tomorrow . Kay You are difficult to keep up with !
The ground should be warm enough to keep anything from sticking . We got a half a cord of wood this weekend , and chili fixin's . YUM .
It was a compliment !
I'm thinking this is a good one to ignore .
Hi Sheila , I'm not up on this part of the deal .
I plan to be there .
I didn't think about the champagne . Nice touch . I like Wick Fowler's - really easy , very tasty . I just may have to have some . I don't mind a few days of cold weather . It kills the fleas and the skeeters .
If all else fails we will just make copies from the other agreement .
We have deleted Exhibit U from the break out contracts . In other words , the version they received has been superceded . I'll have to see what I can figure out about where the old reference came from .
Ben decided to send the exhibits to Coral , so that's where this question came from . Will we have an exhibit U ? I know we owe you some answers from your email of the 6th . Kay
Hi Dave , I revised the change order to segregate the signature page . Thanks , Kay
I changed the 2nd paragraph so that ABB is receiving money , not paying it .
I corrected a typo under summary of charges ( changed "by" to "to" Seller) . Kay
I thought we weren't going to have an exhibit U anyway , since we are plugging things into the text of the document . I think the real point of the question is the reference to the liquid fuel guarantees , and where these will be reflected . Kay
This shows the additional amount related to the Fountain Valley change order , formerly known as Change Order #6 . Hope this helps . Kay
Hi Suz , Please print the exhibits and fax to me it home . I thought you might enjoy this one . Kay
I like that idea . Do we know what the guarantee is supposed to look like ? I don't have the agreement with me ( see below) . At last word the Coral deal was sidelined . More to come . I'm at home with a sick child today . When you have a redlined version of the ESA stuff ( redlined against the master) , please email it to my assistant , Suzanne Adams , so she can print it and have it delivered to my house . If it is being printed by AK in Houston , please have it delivered to my house at 29 Inverness Parkway , Houston , 77055 . Thanks , Kay
I wasn't clear if the new B-1 is supposed to supplement or replace the old B-1 . It is up to you as to which specifications you think are pertinent . That gets a bit more technical than what I'm capable of judging . You might want to give the old stuff the once over to make sure there isn't anything which in a worse case scenario you might miss having in there . Kay
Suzanne , On my desk ( on the window side ) you will find a bound volume of a contract for 24 turbine generator sets ( between GE and a bank with a long name) . Could you please fed ex it to Peter Thompson at A&K in DC . Peter , could you please give Suzanne the information of where to send it . Pete , this will give you a full set of exhibits , since you don't have everything . Suz , you don't have to make a copy , as I believe that copy to be an extra . If we need a copy Pete can send us a copy later . Thanks , Kay
Hi Dave , I wanted to check in to see how we are coming with the change order . Thanks , Kay
The original GE West LB agreement , please . I suggest that you contact Lee Johnson via email , copying his lawyer Kent Shoemaker , asking for a proposed form of liquid fuel guarantee . Kay
It is my understanding tha twelve LM 6000 turbines will go into E Next . The ESA and City of Austin LM's are the only ones not making the trip . Kay
Lisa is a real hoot . Smart , tough as nails . She pulls no punches . Michael seems to feel better , but he has terrible circle under this eyes . I'm going to insist that the doctor give him 3 rounds of antibiotics . Being a boy , it isn't so bad . I just know that the strep is hiding in his sinuses , so a week after he gets off the antibiotics he gets sick again . He slept until 800 today , and hour and a half later than usual . I think that must be his body healing . He is so excited that 6 flakes of snow might fall tonight . Paige wrote me today , said she is freezing ( she's north of Austin) . Kay
Ta da . I thought this seemed like a good way to handle it .
In fairness to Pete , we have him working on ALL the GE and ABB break out agreements at once . I'm going to be reviewing the ESA agreement , which is priority one because of financing requirements . This will be my final review of the "form" break out contract . We have not had a tax , insurance , accounting or finance review of the form for ENA , and with TurborPark closing this week it may be difficult to have completed within the next 24 hours . However , I don't expect any big issues , since it is so close to the original form . That being said , from the EPC contractor's standpoint , it is so close to being done that there shouldn't be any big issues . Just thought I'd mention all the pieces which are still coming together . Kay PS . Dale , does the LV Co Gen project involve a lease ( a/k/a Enron getting off take) ?
I haven't heard anything so far , although I need to check my voice mail again . Kay
Have I received a fax from ABB ?
I used to work at EECC , so I know that noone controls that group ! There is a place in the agreement for a contract number . I think we ought to use the same contract number as before , but add a distinguishing number or letter- like FV or LVCG . How does that sound ? Kay
Dave Onuscheck left me a voice mail message that Frank had not yet reviewed the change order . Dave predicted it would be tomorrow am . That's getting close. , but if it is done by then we probably won't be subjected to bodily harm . Kay
I'm home today ( Michael has strep again) , but I will check email and you can call me at home . This is a good start ! Bear with AR , and call me about Barbara . Sheila knows all she needs to know .
We are getting the Enron treatment from Coral . I hope Carolyn told you I called yesterday - Coral was looking for Shell approval . I'm guessing it is in a coma . I usually have 30 voice mails , and I have had 4 today , which tells you something . Good time for Michael to be sick ! Carlos has interviews today and tomorrow with ENA . I think he is looking good for Mexico . You guys are the absolutely best qualified for that business , and I'll start planting that seed when I can . By the way , thanks for the great job on Coral . Did you hear from Rose on the HSR on TurboPark ? We do want Astros tickets for next year - at least 15 games . Are more available ? I heard that Hampton had an issue with Patty Biggio ( thank goodness , these salaries are absurd) , and I guess I'm glad to see Ausmus come back . However , he is not a substitute for a pitcher . And how is Shane ? Ciao , Kay
Nope . Not mine . Two of the deals I've been working on died . I've had almost NO voice mails today , and a third as many emails . This is great . Maybe Neil and I will get to take our vacation after all ! Kay
Good . I'm ready to get at least one thing off the "to do" list . Kay Enron North America Corp .
Can you say $100 stock price ?
Enron's Lay: "Categorically" Not Taking Job In Cabinet ? Email this article to a friend ! ? Printer-friendly version NEW YORK ( Dow Jones)--Enron Corp's ( ENE , news , msgs ) current chief executivand chairman , Kenneth Lay , said Wednesday that he categorically won't be taking a job in a new presidential administration . Lay , a strong supporter of Texas Gov . George W . Bush , has been rumored to ba potential candidate for a cabinet position in the event of a Bush administration . Those rumors were further fueled Wednesday when Enron announced that Lay would be stepping down as chief executive of the companyeffective Feb . 12 , though the company said Lay would remain chairman of theboard . ? Stock Insight ? Symbol Last Change ? ENE ? Index ? Dow Jones ? NASDAQ ? More Analysis See Analyst Ratings Compare Growth Trends Get One-Click Scorecard "I have no plans to go to Washington , and no plans to leave Houston or EnroI can say categorically that I won't be taking a job in a Bush cabinet," Lasaid in an interview . Lay also put to rest rumors that the company has made enormous unexpectedprofits this quarter trading natural gas in the western U.S . "We've done well there , but it's been a good quarter for us in all our areaacross the country . We are happy with the 35-cents estimate for the quarterthat Wall Street has at the current time," Lay said . Some gas traders have said that Enron has been the biggest beneficiary of the sharp rise in gas prices in the West the past three months . Spot prices fornatural gas in California peaked at $67 per million British Thermal UnitsMonday , about 20 times the spot price a year ago . Jeffrey K . Skilling , currently Enron's president and chief operating officewill replace Lay as chief executive and retain his current titles . -By Mark Golden , Dow Jones Newswires; 201-938-4604; mark.golden@dowjones.co|
Hi there , Just a note to say hello . Hello . Nit Noi sounds good to me tonight , if we don't eat out of the fridge . I'm having a craving for ethnic food . Love , Kay
Good morning ! I'm soliciting commitments for those wanting to go to the Nutcracker this year . I was thinking of trying to get tickets to a daytime performance . Any interest ? The Sugar Plum Fairy
FYI .
I need to finish up an agreement and have it sent to a man by the name of John "Steinbow" . Please call him and get the correct spelling of his name , his address and his fax number . If he ( or his assistant ) needs an explanation , I need the info to complete an agreement requested by Mark Bernstein . ( Mark doesn't have the info , but doesn't want John to know he doesn't have it , so please don't call Mark to ask. ) Thanks ! Kay
I had a really big lunch , even cake , so now eating out of the fridge ( if at all ) sounds ok . I got a really nice bottle of white wine from Andrews & Kurth . I put it by the window to cool off . I've worked with three trial lawyers from K & S , and they are really good . However , K & S represents American Express . Keffer tells me that you used a guy at Bracewell that you liked , and that this person has now started their own firm . John drew a blank on the name , but will call me back with the name and number . Enron also likes Gibbs & Bruin , a litigation boutique in Houston . I believe the main contact's name is Robin Gibbs , but that is also the name of one of the Bee Gee's , so I could be wrong . Can you check the internet and see ? If not , I will look in a minute . Love , Kay
Yes .
Yes , whichever .
Hi Sheila , Did you ever come across the retention letter for PMRW reflecting a fee discount ? Who would have that ? Thanks , Kay
These documents do not go to a third party purchaser . For instance , they do not get the change orders or correspondence relating ot all of the turbines . What needs to be pulled together are the technical documents , and any project type correspondence relating to the units being sold . Kay Very minor crisis . A penny for your thoughts.. . Kay
The end is in sight ! The break out contracts for the TurboPark LM's need to be finished up ( not news to anyone) . Each of these agreements will be between GE and E-Next Generation LLC ( DevCo ) and GE , unless the project company is already owned by DevCo . I suggest that each agreement reference be the same as the original , with an adder which makes it clear which project it belongs to ( LVCG , FV , CISO1 and CISO2 , for example) . Al , your contract needs to be fixed up . Please contact Pete Thompson at AK in DC to get it rolling , if you haven't all ready . 212 662 2780 Pete , the CA Development agreements should now be in the name of E-Next Generation LLC . For indentification purposes we can call the contracts CISO1 and CISO2 . Thanks , Kay
But I want you to be in the same group as me so we can work together again !
OK .
Can you get me a draft by Friday am ? Thanks , Kay
Good , I didn't want to ask Ed . He's very busy . So which curse word did you use ?
At Mark Bernstein's request I am forwarding a confidentiality agreement for your review . If it meets with your approval , please sign and fax back to me at 713-646-3491 . If you have any questions , please feel free to give me a Thanks , Kay
If you look under my kmann directory you will find a doc called westinghouseproposal to resolve issues on Enron Dec13 SWPC . Please print 4 originals on ENA letterhead . Thanks , Kay
This language is different that what GE was told was requested before . I am more comfortable going back to GE with what was requested previously . Kay
I need the phone number for Tom Heatherington ( sp? ) at Bracewell in Houston . Someone should have a directory . Kay
It would probably be easier if Paige picked him up at the CC , don't you think ? Kay
This is the language in front of GE . I am optimistic that they will agree to this language . Kay
Hi Dave , I received a signed change order from Randy Milcer ( not sure about that ) yesterday . The form he signed indicates that ABB will be paying Enron , and has one small mistake in the amount of payments made on the cancelled transformers ( $400 off) . With your permission I will substitute the correct version so ABB gets the money . Thanks , Kay
Thought you might want to see it ! Kay
How's Hop-a-long ?
Dick , I'll forward you the copy of the contract on a separate email . I do not know if there are any additional insurance requirements specified by the lenders . Kay
This letter is the last part of the contract:
Oh my gosh that is so sweet ! You caught me by surprise !
fyi No action required .
I've redlined the document against the previous version , but I don't think I picked up all the changes . In addition to the marked changes , there are these changes: D . third line , added "Original" before LM6000 . This change is made throughout the document . Dated everything December 15; added "with respect to the Subject LM6000 Turbines after "Original Turbine Contract" throughout E . Added "and" between rights obligations in ( iii ) 2 ( c ) Added the Pastoria One-Train Turbine Contract in ( ii ) and ( iii) . Kay
Congratulations . Bet labor was easier with your daughter .
Hi Jim , I'm a lawyer in the Houston office , and I can give you a hand on the LM6000 transaction . My number is 713 345 7566 . Could you send me the full name of the buyer , and we'll get the documents moving . Thanks , Kay
I forgot about the happy hour . Where is it ? I think that carpool could be pretty hectic , and since you and I haven't picked him up we don't know the drill . Picking him up an hour later might be a lot easier , and it doesn't bother him . Are you going to any of tomorrow's activities ? Kay
NRG Thermal and Millenium Energy are the parties . More specific names to come .
Next week is Twas the Night Before Christmas .
FYI: The champagne is flowing in New York , as TurboPark closed moments after GE agreed to revise their consent to meet WestLB's last request . Kay
Per Rose's instructions . Kay
Here's the latest.. .
Please print .
No . Why is Rebecca Walker telling Cheryl how to do this ?
Due to Rose being out of town , I thought I would respond to a question concerning giving notice to WestLB , and the preparation of the assignment and assumption agreement . The giving of written notice to WestLB may result in the equipment being subject to the notice coming on the balance sheet . If there is a subsequent problem in closing , the equipment is tainted . I believe Enron has coordinated this with WestLB , so that the notice period can be shortened until there is a certainty of closing . A&K has prepared the assignment and assumption agreements in the past , and I will go out on a limb and suggest that they conform their form for this transaction . We will have a couple of changes in the GE consent and assignment agreement , based on changes requested by WestLB in connection with the TurboPark transaction . I'll make the changes . Hope this information is helpful . Kay
My only warning is that working for Sheila is that she takes over most of the big stuff , even if it is your deal . Everything that she is working on now was one of her lawyers' deals , but "things just weren't getting done" . She can be very unclear in what she expects from you . She is the ultimate micro-manager . She may hire the outside counsel on "your" deal , then tell you about it later , not consulting you to find out who you want to use . This style may not bother you , as you may in fact get comfort from working closely with someone . Clearly , she has a lot of experience to impart , and she is very , very nice . I'm sure there will be a downside to working with Jeff and Barbara , I just haven't been in the group long enough to have an opinion . Kay PS . I thought this time I would give you full disclosure.. .
Peter , the distribution list on this is different from the ESA deal ( each contract has a different list - isn't that special? ) I will forward it to the correct people . Lee Johnson and Kent Shoemaker get copies on all of them from GE's side . Thanks , Kay
Hi Carolyn , In order to discourage Ben from continuing to direct outside counsel , please address as much correspondence as possible to me , or to me and him . Ben is terrible ( and shameless ) about violating Enron policy in this regard , and I don't know that I can stop him , but I do need your assistance in curbing him as much as possible . Thanks , Kay
Michael has some stuff at school today that I would like to attend . I hope to leave here around 130 . Kay
How about a conference call at 1100 ( Central ) time ? Kay
Scott , I'm handling outside counsel , and spoke with him this week . I'm prepared to give legal advice on the issue .
You'll be delighted to know that the call has moved to 1000 your time , noon central . Kay
Things are getting better since TurboPark closed... .
In the TurboPark world there will be certain impacts on how power projects involving physical capacity are structured and implemented . I know some ( but not all ) of it . I can say that it is fairly easy to bust the structure and wind up with assets on the balance sheet , and that the commercial folks aren't always ( or even usually ) sensitive to the issues . Maybe after the first of the year those group members who will be working on the power origination and development side could get briefed by the finance and accounting folks . Kay
Paige wrote me at 430 this am , and said that since she was still up at 430 , she probably won't be home in time for Michael's parties . Should I just leave him after gymnastics ? I don't really want to come back the office , but I do want to go to Anne's . Hmmm . If Paige is home by 500 , everything might work .
Is it foggy or raining ? I can't see anything out my window .
Each project must have its own break out contract - that's the deal struck with GE and with the lenders . There will be no change orders to the master contract relating to specific projects . The break out contract must be entered into "as soon as practicable" . This appproach has been taken with Austin , LV Co Gen , and ESA , and all of those contracts are just about finished . Please call me if you have any questions . Sheila also has a good understanding of the structure . Kay
With high hopes that this is the FINAL final version , I'm attaching what I believe to be the execution copy . Some things have been cleaned up , and Brownsville has been added to paragraph 5 . I'm going to start collecting signatures . Thanks , Kay
The attached is a letter agreement reflecting the resolution of certain issues with Westinhouse relating to the Gleason and Wheatland projects . It also reflects that Enron isn't going to go after SWPC for a return of an option payment for the Blue Girl equipment . SWPC has requested that everybody sign on the dotted line , including NEPCO , EEPC and my dog Jack . Please review and advise if there is any problem with you obtaining signature for your respective groups . I'll handle the LJM and ENA signatures . Please call if you have any questions . Kay
Not exactly a "yes , we can close on Wednesday" .
I'm at home with a sick child today , but should be in the rest of the week .
Lee , If this will be a dual fuel unit , it seems we should at least have a place holder guarantee , even if the details aren't included . Any problem with that approach ? Kay
I haven't tried yet . Things are ok . Michael is mad because I won't let him open a present .
It won't hurt my feelings if you want to contact ABB's lawyer directly . His name is Dave Onuscheck , and his email is david.onuscheck@us.abb.com . I'm home with a sick kid , and I don't have his telephone number with me . Peter Thompson has worked on the form . Do you have the draft with the memo of issues ? Kay
This may sound like a silly question , but why ? Is this something Ben wants Matt doing ? 1-4 are all the CO's I know about . I'm out today , but we can discuss it tomorrow , and I can explain my point of view . Kay
Looks ok to me .
I've heard of some of the stuff . These items should be dealt with in the facility agreements for the individual projects . ABB has had a form of this agreement to comment on for a while , but we haven't heard anything . Hope this helps a little . Kay
Hi Dave , I was wondering if you have had a chance to look over the draft facility agreement ? We would like to make some progress on the form this week . In fact , you may hear ( or have heard ) directly from Dale Rasmussen , who is an Enron lawyer supporting one of the projects at issue . There are also some change order type changes which need to be captured in words and made a part of the individual facility agreements , or integrated as changes to these agreements . Thanks for your assistance , Kay
After 2 parties , I'm getting party burn out . How bad is that ? Kay
Dale tells me that he really needs ABB to get with it . I sent an email ( yet another ) to ABB's lawyer asking for comments . Kay
Michael is sick with some nasty virus . I'm a bit afraid to commit until he starts looking better . Poor kid had strep last week . Maybe he'll perk up by Thursday , but the doctor says it is a 10 day ordeal . I bet you would just as soon not be exposed to it . Kay
I will be there !
I'm in today .
It is basically the same .
Thanks , Kay
Planning on it . Free food.. .
I know Ben wants us to substitute the one signed by the other guy . I'll take care of it .
Hey , they are making me crazy and I'm just reading your emails . Kay
Thanks . I rsvp'd .
Rose , FYI . I wasn't sure you had this . Kay
Hi Heather , Hope you got situated in your new , swanky spot . Can't wait to see what you've done with it . I'm attaching Paige's resume , since she is interested in a summer internship . Any help you can give in directing it to the right person would be appreciated . Thanks , Kay
Please send out an email reminding folks of the GE conference call tomorrow . Thanks , Kay Mike , Scott , Steve , Sheila , Rose , Ben , Kent , Lisa
I will initial and handle signature .
I believe the amount should be calculated through the date of funding . Will closing and funding take place tomorrow , or will funding be a day later ? Kay
The assignment and assumption document has been signed by ENA and is being hand-delivered to Rose Engeldorf . Kay
De nada .
These are the current drafts of the proposed documents relating to the Intergen transaction . Kay Please print attachments . Thanks , Kay
I suspect we will need a D & B on the Sweetgum entity being proposed by the new counterparty .
We are waiting to hear . We have received documents from them , but no definitive word . Kay
The name is in the draft agreements I forwarded . Maybe Fred can find out from the commercial people where the main office is located .
Sounds good to me .
FYI .
900 am this am . For your info . Crazy day .
Attached is the override letter which was used in connection with the LM6000 turbine contract as it was moved into TurboPark . This letter highlights the 97-10 and lender requirements . I hope you find it useful . This is the type of letter that was included for the Pastoria and Blue Dog equipment . This shows one approach to assignment under TurboPark . This is also included in the other override , it is just easier to access here for assignment: Kay
So true so true so true .
Hi John , I took very poor notes from your phone call . Did you want to see a form of LOI ? For what type of transaction ? Thanks , Kay
Did Sheila want Scott to participate ? Looks like the call will be too late for him .
I presume you haven't heard anything or else you would have said something . I haven't heard a word.. .
Can't hurt !
Boyd , I would think that at the least we would want you to attend the hearing . I also don't see any harm in you reviewing the data responses . Kay
Latest docs .
I don't believe Ben agreed to absolutely free transferablity on their part . To ponder .
Here tis .
Gentlemen , This is now back to being the CA Development I and II deal . Please change the name . Please send it to me and Lee Johnson tomorrow , if possible . Kay
Lee Johnson would like to come in tomorrow or Friday to sign the Facility Agreement . Are we ready to go ? He really wants to get this done before the holidays . Thanks , Kay
Pete , Please call me after you have reviewed this . Kay
Can someone in your office ( or the Houston office ) put together the execution copies of this agreement ? We will need three originals . Thanks , Kay
Per your request .
Hi Matt , Here's the InterGen deal ( formerly the Coral deal , now with new counterparty) . We plan to meet with them tomorrow to see if we can wrap up the agreements . Any comments ? Thanks , Kay
I have a 130 closing at King & Spalding tomorrow . I also have a 1015 meeting with Lisa Bills , her office . thanks , Kay
RE: Notice letter . We sent out a notice letter to GE last Friday regarding closing of a financing . Could you print me a hard copy so I can show you what changes need to be made ? We need to send out another letter this week . Kay
For the purposes of completing the facility agreement , we need the name/address of the contact person for invoices , etc . Thanks ,
Hi Carlos , Could you please get Dick to sign this ? Can he sign for NEPCO also ? Two original sigs is enough . Thanks , Kay
I'm trying to clean up after Blue Girl . Can you tell me again who signs for LJM so that I can get signature ? Who does their legal work ? Thanks , Kay
First installment of finance comments .
The attachment at the bottom is the turbine letter . Kay
Hi Janet , The attachment at the bottom is the LLC agreement . Kay
Brett , I think Friday is perfect . I will confirm which is the final version , and send to you and John . Kay
Did they have anything later than 900 ?
You won't get me to bet on this one .
I suggest taking out contact information and say that Purchaser will notify Seller in writing on or before January 15 , 2001 as to the name/fax of the contact . Kay
otherwise known as CA Development I and CA Development II
Attached is the form of override letter to be executed at the same time as the GE facility agreement . It addresses accounting issues and lender requirements . I should have a final draft of the GE facility agreement later today . Kay
How about notices going to CA Development , "care of" this contact . CA doesn't have any employees .
Placeholder .
Guess we need to make the final decision .
Jim , We are meeting with them at 230 cst to see if we can reach final agreement . Kay
I'll be in a meeting at Keffer's office for the foreseeable future . I'll turn on my cell phone when I leave the office .
Not really . It was a format agreed to for all the LM's because the intent in most cases is to sell the project ( and the equipment) , and the terms in the override letter only apply when the equipment is in the financing structure . Kay
I had the call anyway with Mike and Steve . We actually made progress in outlining the issues . Mike should be generating an email . We voted to take next week off . Hope that's ok . Kay
no Ben
I know you were anxiously awaiting these documents . Kay
More fun for your file .
Mark , How do you feel about their changes ? Note that we MUST mark everything confidential and they don't want to agree to the non-circumvent . Kay
For your information/approval . Kay
I asked Fred to check into what it would take to have Enron set up a third party escrow arrangement . Kay
EECC may have this . Can you check with whoever your team is working with , or do you want a copy job of what was in the master agreement ? Kay As you predicted .
I've had to do multiple CA's this week . I MISS YOU!! ! Hope you had a great holiday . Kay
Please accept changes and print two execution copies . Thanks . Kay
No one has said anything to me about closing next week . Lee Johnson is on vacation next week also , so GE won't be around . Kay
Per Carolyn's request .
Per Carolyn's request .
Please print .
don't want you to feel left out
Carlos , Could you tell me which of the 4 documents to print , etc ? Unfortunately I have about 10 things getting signed today and I'm perplexed with what I need to do here and I can't these to figure out . Which one are you Thanks , Kay
Lee Johnson is coming in today to sign off on the turbine contract . Is ESA ready to go with this one ? Thanks , Kay
I'm looking for the eggnog . Skip the gummis , I'll take rum !
I'm working on a deal today where we are trying to get to definitive docs . It may require a DASH . Mark tells me you two have his proxy , so I want to let you know that I may be searching for you later . Kay
Please take the form of the Cayuga confid agreement , and substitute this name . This is CA day ! Kay
Sorry , but I don't know . Probably in the next 3 hours . Maybe Jeff will be around . I have this feeling that I will be turning off the lights tonight . Kay
Ben is trying to set up a conference call with ABB for next Wednesday . Dale , are you available ? Pete Thompson is on vacation next week , but I suspect he would be glad to call in . Kay
Great . GE and Brett's rep ( John Ayres ) are initially the pages now . If we can get the signature page right , we can get it over with!!!! !
Hi Pete , We may have a conference call with ABB on Wednesday . Would you or Chris be able to call in ? Thanks , Kay THANKS and Merry Christmas !
Kathleen , I will initial and leave these in my office in a file folder with your name . Carlos has my proxy on the consent . I'm also leaving you with a couple of original CA's for Fred . He was going to email them to the other side for comment , so HANG ON to the pages I signed . Thanks , Kay
Carlos , Please email the document to me when it is done . Thanks , Kay
Please include pthompson@akllp.com and ccobb@akllp.com on the email with dial in instructions . thanks , Kay
Hi George , I'm looking for the GE acknowledgement letter which we need for this deal . Can you email it to me ? Thanks , Kay
Carolyn , I wasn't sure you had the last version . This is the version agreed to by GE , which should be attached to the letter agreement . I will email an exhibit which needs to be inserted .
This is an exhibit to the CA agreements .
Here's the draft of the facility agreement that ABB has had to review , along with a memo for AK about certain questions . Kay
I don't have any language like that on hand . I suspect it will be in great demand ! Have a great holiday , Kay
Hi Kathleen , Let's discuss this sometime this am . Kay
Carolyn , Please forward all original documents to me . Thanks , Kay
Hi Carolyn , Please email me the execution version of the documents signed last week , as well as the current version of the other documents . Were the originals put in the mail ? My assistant isn't here , so I can't tell what I have yet . Thanks , Kay
Happy New Year ! I'm available all day except 200-330 . Thanks , Kay
We've handled the notices on a project specific basis . Kay
Good morning . I didn't wake Paige up this am . I told Michael he could wake her up when he wanted to , which I presume didn't take long . It feels good to be back . Last week really wasn't a very good week to take off , and I was really stressed . It helps knowing that I have a holiday in two weeks ! I'm glad , since Michael is off then as well . Did you make friends with your venison ( or was is pork) ? Love , Kay
Please print and put in binder . Thanks , Kay
Thanks . Suzanne just gave me the documents . I like having the electronic versions as well . I can't believe it feels so good to be back . I must be crazy . Kay
Hi again , I'm looking for the language regarding invoicing which was requested last week . I want to address it with GE today . Thanks , Kay
A small change.. .
Matt , Do CA Energy Development I and II have federal EIN's ? Thanks , Kay PS to all , my answers to other questions: Carolyn has corp documents Not registered to do business in Texas
What would we have on the LLC's ? Thanks , Kay
FYI . I've been meeting with the finance folks at Enron . I'm still unclearon when we will be able to close . I do know that they believe 5 businessdays notice will be required to close , which is problematic considering the"earlier of" language relating to closing within two days of approval of thfacility agreements . I doubt that there will be "minute books" for either of these entities . Idon't expect any documents to exist other than what you've received . I'm confirming this fact today . Kay
GE is asking for invoicing instructions for equipment currently in TP . I don't recall that being addressed in the documents they signed , and I didn't see an obvious answer in the documents I reviewed . Any problem with Ben receiving the invoices for now , then he can process through GF , etc ? Thanks , Kay
They need to have their partner sign a confidentiality agreement , or at least we need to add language that they won't disclose it to them without having them sign a confidentiality agreement in substantially the same form as this one . Kay
Do you know if the books are done , or are the papers in a stack ? I don't wato make extra work . Thanks , Kay
fyi . I haven't checked yet .
Hi there , and happy new year . I have a stack of turbine contracts which were waiting for signature . I believe the override letter needed signing as well . Should I send the unsigned originals somewhere ? Thanks , Kay
Hi guys , Here's a suggested revision to the invoicing language . Lee , I've asked the question about the other invoices . If we don't get an immediate answer , I think you can send the invoices to Ben , and we can process them here . I'm always happy to volunteer Ben . By the way , I haven't given Ben his signing party favor , as he hasn't been in Houston since we last met . Kay
Looks good to me . George left me a message looking for an update . If you talk to him , would you let him know that I sent the invoicing language to GE , but my contact wasn't in the office . I expect to hear from them soon . Kay
Hi guys , I'm faxing you some changed pages as requested for the CA Development deal . For some reason my email wouldn't go through . I should have an answer to the invoice question tomorrow . If all else fails you can send the invoices to Ben and we can process them here . Kay
Mr . Jody Pierce 1400 Smith , EB 2480
Fred , I forwarded you the notice prepared by Global Finance . It requires essentially the same information . Kay
Please do . Give Lil a big ol hug for me . I miss her ! Did you hear that Carlos is joining us ? I don't think he has told John S.yet . Kay
Hi Brett , I haven't seen the fax yet . I'll check around . Maybe it got stuck in the wrong pile . Kay
I am attaching a revised draft notice of intent to exercise the purchase option for the equipment for the CA transactions . We need two separate notices - one for CA I and one for CA II . Ben/Fred/Rebecca , could you please prepare a draft of the two exhibits ? Lisa/Catherine/Rose , I revised the form of notice to make it track the participation agreement and the development and construction management agreement . I've tentatively dated the notice as of this Friday . By my calculations , Monday is our drop dead date since a waiver of the 5 day period is not an option , and the deal dies if not closed by the 15th . Ben mentioned that I should be drafting a "release letter" for the banks and/or DevCo . It would be a big help if someone could point me to the section in the documents which set forth the requirements of the release , since I'm still wading through it all and haven't found the relevant language yet . Also , please advise of the results of the conference call which you had with the lenders ( ? ) and/or their lawyers regarding the issue . I am working on the assignment and assumption agreement . Thanks , Kay
Hi Roger , We are going forward with the first deal to move stuff out of TurboPark . I don't know if you want to see these types of documents , but what the heck , here it is ! Kay
I haven't seen it come back . I spoke with Lynn around Christmas , and he said the person who would sign was out of town , but was supposed to be back last week . I'll be glad to follow up . I was out last week and just haven't worked to that point on my "to do" list . NEPCO and EECC have signed , by the way . Kay Enron North America Corp .
I am working on a deal to move TurboPark equipment into Enron owned LLC's , with a simultaneous sale of 80% of the equity to a third party . This deal is supposed to close by Jan 15 , so I'm getting a crash course on TurboPark and how to get stuff out of it during the early phase . I thought I would share what I'm learning , if nothing else as a form of therapy . Attached to the email is what I believe to be the proper form of notice to take something out of TurboPark . Five to fifteen business days' notice is required . There will be other documents involved as well: Bill of Sale Assignment and Assumption Agreement UCC releases , if applicable ( UCC filings are made on all delivered equipment ) I suspect a consent by the equipment seller may also be required . More to come on this one . As I learn more about the process I will keep you advised . Kay
I've been told by Global Finance that this is how TurboPark stuff gets invoiced . I'm thinking it might help if copies are sent to project people . What do you think ? Kay
I need LJM . Someone in Global Finance has offered to help with that . Kay Enron North America Corp .
Lee , The best way to go about it would be to send the invoice to Jody , but copy the Enron project folks you have been dealing with . Are we ready to sign the Fountain Valley contract ? I would think that we could sign the change order at the same time , and payment terms can be whatever the Enron project team has bought in to . The banks won't care . Have you seen sig pages for ESA yet ? Kay
I went to Sheila's meeting . Barbara and Jeff were there also . Hmm . Don't know about the faxed signature . Feel free to call Carolyn Campbell at King & Spalding and ask . 713 276 7307 . Find out about faxed signature , and whether tomorrow is too late . We need the escrow account in place by FRIDAY . Is Mike Miller in ? Ozzie would be fine , I guess . Thanks , Kay
You know me . I don't care one way or the other . Is there a reason why you want to skip it ? We don't have to go to FW for the rodeo . I just thought that would be fun to do , and my mom wants Michael to come so badly . We can always just go for a visit . In fact , Michael and I can go alone some time . Like I said last night , you would make a great guide . You'll be Michael's guide one of these days .
I think it is two separate documents , one for each purchaser ( CAED I and CAED
Any response on the amendment to the letter agreements ?
WHOA . We are not wiring money , we are receiving money . This should occur either Jan 12 or 15 . Minor detail . Kay
Please email me the execution version of the escrow agreement . Are we using one , two or three ? Thanks , Kay
Sorry about the serial emails . I need electronic versions of the final acknowledgement letters for both ABB and GE , so that these can be emailed to them . Please prepare a closing list . Between this and the financing side , I'm chasing quite a few documents . I hope to have the escrow agreement signed today , but I would really like to know we have the amendment finished . Thanks , Kay
I prefer the weekend . It gives us a reason to get in and get out .
Opps . We do have to pay for the account . I was afraid we were going to send the big hunk of dough !
Please print .
It is amazing what I find if I check my email . Disregard the request for escrow agreements ! Kay
This could become interesting if it holds up . Kay Sounds promising .
Hi Mark , I thought I would forward this to you for your information , since Dave may be getting involved . Kay
When do you want to go ? The weather should be getting nice later this week , and I need to gush about the IAOC . Kay
FYI ( note the closing list) . Kay
Sounds good . I prefer to keep it kind of small , if that's ok with you . Thanks , Kay
I don't want to be the one that blows it , so I'm glad to keep you in the loop .
Lisa , The previous draft of the notice just mentioned the assignment and assumption agreement , so I went generic with closing docs . Happy to list them individually , however . I live off of lists . Kay
It happens to all of us ! I still have a bizillion roses in my yard . I love them , and I don't baby them . I figure if they die , I replace them , since they aren't that expensive . I would love to include my friend Carlos Sole from EECC for my birthday lunch . Kay
I'm proof reading now . I need a sanity check . Does the GE acknowledgement look goofy ? Maybe I should set it up in a separate letter . I lifted the language from the consent .
For your review:
Any interest in extending it to Jan 22 ? I'm checking .
Pete , I'm getting comments that people are having trouble opening the ABB docs . Please send the docs directly to: david.onunscheck@us.abb.com and michael.o . Thanks , Kay
Here's a conformed version:
Per Lisa's request please find a revised notice: Kay
Attached please find drafts of the following: Notice Assignment and assumption agreement ( with GE acknowledgement ) Bill of sale Exhibits for bill of sale and for the notice I expect that there will be sets of documents for CA Energy Development I and CA Energy Development II . CA Energy Development II will include a transformer as well as a turbine generator set . Please let me know if you have any comments . Kay
This is a deal that will close soon . Please print and put these in a file folder . There will be other docs coming . Thanks , Kay
For your review .
I won't do anything about this until you reach a consensus . Kay
Brett wiggs tells me that he faxed me signature pages last week . He is with Enron South America . Did you see anything ? Kay
Looks like your stuff .
Rose , Have you seen the signature pages ? We need the agreements and the override letter . Kay
Hi there , Thanks for taking my car in . I admit I feel like men get treated better by car servicing people than women . I'm not just saying that , either . On the issue of Charlotte , is it your idea that she will take care of Tuesdays only while you are going to rodeo meetings ? I know in her email she had a preference for not doing the Sharon thing , and I do think we lost something when we ( well , you ) weren't communicating with Sharon or Amy in a regular basis . I know it is easy for me to say since it is an inconvenience for you.. .
They still have to fund at the same time .
Works for us .
Hi Brett , We haven't been able to locate it . Could you resend ? Where should I send your set of docs ? Thanks , Kay
Even more current.. .
Are we ready to sign these today ? How many originals do we need ? Thanks , Kay
The ABB breakout contract and the GE breakout contract are just about done . I'm not volunteering for change order duty . Do you think this is a good Roger task ?
FYI
Hi Jeffrey , I'm not handling change orders for the individual projects . I'm checking with Stuart ( he's the COA deal lawyer ) to get a consensus on the best way to handle this . Kay
Lisa , Thanks . I forwarded Roger the docs separately , but thanks for the reminder . I am capable of forgetting ! Kay
The GE facility agreements are nearing completion . There will be facility agreements for Fountain Valley ( aka PSCO ) and for LV Co Gen . The form is attached for your review . In addition to the facility agreements , the parties will execute the override letters , in the form we developed last month . Here is the override letter: Please advise if there are any issues which need to be addressed . Thanks , Kay
Hi Dale , Just got your email re assignment out of TurboPark . Here are the draft documents being reviewed by the lender for the movement of equipment out of Kay
For your information and contemplation . Kay
Ben , What's up ? Kay
Hi Lynn , Happy New Year ! I haven't seen the executed agreement come back . Has it been signed yet ? Thanks , Kay
Please send the docs to me only , and I will talk to Ben . Thanks , Kay
He's re-trading on the retainage . Let's discuss . Kay
I'm having trouble with Ben directing outside counsel . I'm going to discuss it ( politely) , but I just want you to know what's up . Kay
I'll check to see if he is here tomorrow . You ought to visit Frank ( yes , the TRADING lawyer) , Ned , Dan and the rest . It feels quite international around here . Kay
ok . I'll go look at the questions again .
Please print two copies , put one in a folder . Thanks , Kay
Please email directly , copy to Ben , Fred and me . Thanks . I really appreciate all your good work , and will pass that along to David Runnels and Paul Pipitone soon . Kay
Way cool .
Yes , please .
I need to go to DC next Tuesday . I'll get with you tomorrow . Kay
Where are we with regard to the escrow agreements and the amendment to the letter agreements ? The latter is especially critical to Enron . Thanks , Kay
I'm trying to get off the phone with you know who . I'd better meet you downstairs or wherever we are going .
We need to change the alcohol and drug stuff . Please call me to discuss tomorrow morning - I'll be in after 900 . Thanks , Kay
Sounds good to me . We really need to get this amendment signed today . Please do what you can to expedite . Thanks , Kay
Perfect .
Sure . The fix we want to make on the drug/alcohol policy is as follows: instead of a reference to a specific numbered policy , the purchaser will provide ABB with a copy of their policy , and ABB will comply with it . Kay
John , Enron owns two GE 7EA turbines , which may be sold in a structure similiar to the CA Development structure . We would like to update the letter agreements to address this possibility , and would appreciate K & S's assistance in that regard . The counterparties are not yet known , but I have heard Evista and Cayuga mentioned . If this sounds good to you , I will initiate the approval process for your retention in this matter . Thanks , Kay
I've contacted John Keffer and asked them to help . I will initiate the approval process to get he and Carolyn retained . Kay
We discussed this with Mike last night . He is going to get the number for us , as it is buried in a data sheet somewhere . Kay
Team Turbineb , Number one priority is the amendment to the two letter agreements . We are also trying to get the ABB and GE facility agreements finalized so they can be tendered to Intergen today . Meanwhile , on the TurboPark front I am revising the relevant documents so the drafts can be sent to the banks today . Once the assignment and assumption agreement form is approved , it will need to be signed by GE . This doesn't have to be done today . We are also trying to get both the GE and ABB acknowledgement letters signed today . Carolyn , have the escrow agreements been fully executed ? Kay
I'm at home this am , as I want to go by GE's offices this am to get some signatures . Kay
Hi . I'm at home , trying to waiting to visit GE's offices which are at 610 and 290 . Michael has been invited to have pizza with Stephen this evening . Tommy and Julie are going out , and Stephen has a sitter ( Sam won't be there) , so he wanted to have a buddy over for pizza . I told Julie that Michael's calendar is open for this evening . Hope that is ok for you .
I kinda hate to leave the premises since the sitter isn't sitting for us . However , it is supposed to be a beautiful evening , so we can have some adult time on the back patio . I put a couple of steaks in the fridge . Love ,
She didn't leave me a voice mail .
Who's the lucky counterparty ?
Lee , You should be receiving a package shortly containing the following: 1 . Changed pages for CA Energy Development I and CA Energy Development II facility agreements . These are the same pages that were faxed to you and Kent a few days ago . I also included a couple of original pages ( 73 , 74 , I think ) which were missing from one of the originals . This need to be initialled and executed . 2 . Acknowledgement letters for each of CAED I and CAED II which need your Here's the form: 3 . Assignment and assumption agreement to move the equipment from TurboPark to the CAED I . There will be one for CAED II as well . This document is being reviewed by the bank , so I'm not convinced it is in final form . You will note that there is an acknowledgement section for GE . I cut and pasted from the consent to assignment from the TurboPark documents , but shortened the whole thing considerably . Here's that document: 4 . Signature pages ( signed by Enron ) from the ESA deal , both the facility agreement and the override letter . Obviously , we need your signature . I will forward the final CA facility agreements to you once again , along with the blacklines against what you initialled . Thanks , Kay
First flight out in the morning to National , I'll check on the return flight . For now book me on the 500 out of National .
I can never get both of your email addresses right at the same time .
I'm trying to figure out how to have a birthday party in DC or NYC .
Sounds good . Mike will be here in a bit to sign . Thanks , Kay
Please prepare for signature . Thanks , Kay
This will need to be signed by ABB today . I would guess 3 originals . Ben , I suggest we let Kathleen coordinate the assembly of the docs to be signed . Kay
Use this one:
Please send a copy of the ABB facility agreement for CA II to Ben Jacoby and Kathleen Carnahan . Thanks , Kay
yes
No one is signing for CA Development today . Ben or someone from the commercial team initials , not legal . I just initial the signature .
Please call todiscuss .
Please call to discuss .
I've sent JRigby the execution versions of the break out contract and the override letter . I've asked him to call me to discuss . FYI: The turbine contract was originally drafted by Brian Barto , then Kathy Clark took over . Scott Dieball ( EECC Legal ) was actively involved in the negotiations , as was I . In facct , it was the first deal I worked on after I transferred to ENA from EECC . Kay
The ABB and GE agreements for CAED were signed by ABB and GE . There was a revision to the ABB agreement ( deleting irrelevant data sheets ) that Kathleen Carnahan will send to you . Thanks for all your work on these . We are definitely making progress . Kay
Don't know yet . I'll decide Monday . It is hard to get a hotel , so Claude made me one in connection with Heather , who is there on other business .
Attached are drafts of the documents to effect the transfer of two GE turbines and one ABB transformer to CAED I and CAED II . The dates and amounts are bracketed , as pending the determination of the closing date . We will need sets for both CAED I and CAED II , with II receiving the transformer . These will be prepared with the forms are agreed . These documents are subject to internal Enron review , but in the interest of time I am sending the documents to everyone . Thank you , Kay
I'm working like a dog , so it is going quickly.. .
How about 1100 am on Monday to discuss the NEXT deal ? It works for John et Kay
Fred , Is the ABB transformer currently in existence ( already delivered) ? Thanks , Kay
Here's the electronic file .
This goes with the GE contract .
I can't believe we have a puppy . Everything smells like puppy to me , even though I took a very long shower . Michael and Pal had a nice visit this morning . Pal is still whining a bit . I brought one of our puppy books to the office , and I'll sneak a peak when I can . I did read about the up at night stuff , and it says that so long as you don't let them get in bed with you , the whining should stop pretty quickly . I hope the resting on the chest didn't mess it up , but boy , was I desperate . He did great using the grass when we got up . He definitely knows why we go outside . Kaley picked on him a little , but she was at her food bowl . I set up the little crate where she can't look in it , so he has an escape . We should walk the perimeter to make sure there aren't any escape routes . We probably need to protect the air conditioner wires until he is old enough to train to the electronic fence . Thanks for taking the pig rat back . Love ,
I'll put it on your desk .
I sneaked in 10 minutes of reading . The book made me think that we shouldn't let Kaley growl about food . I'll double check . How's your day ? Kay
Looks like this needs to be cancelled . Thanks , Kay
I don't remember seeing an agreement , which isn't to say that I haven't .
This is the turbine contract for the 7EA's . Kay
The DCMA states in 6.01 that notice can be given by the designee . Karl thinks the notice must come from the DCM ( ENA) . Does it matter ? I don't mind ENA giving the notice in this case , but I wanted to see what the team thinks . Kay
I believe this letter is applicable to the Blue Dog turbines:
Peter , I can't recall if I've sent you this override letter before . Essentially , it is a letter which is in effect for as long as the equipment is owned by E-Next Generation , but which ceases to be effective once the equipment is assigned to a third party . We will need something along the same line for the ABB equipment . If you can send me a redline of the final form of the ABB facility agreement against the master , we can discuss how to proceed . Thanks , Kay
Hi Suzanne , I haven't seen a revised flight schedule from TAP . Have they made the change yet ? Thanks , Kay
Hi Elizabeth , I've had a couple of originators approach me about working on asset management type deals , optimizing third parties' power assets and/or purchase/sale of commodities . A little birdie told me that you worked on something somewhat similiar to that a while back , but the deal didn't go . When you have a minute I would appreciate hearing about what you did . Thanks , Kay
Carolyn , These should be the correct blacklines to include in the transmittal with the GE facility agreements . Carolyn and I are coordinating the delivery of the facility agreements to Kay
Please print on letterhead . Kay
Do you want to print , sign and fax , or shall I take to Janet or someone else to sign ? Kay
Looks good . I'm checking to see who will sign . Have you received the delivery yet ?
Subject: Re: Comparison of ABB Agreement
You should have also received the original GE agreements and acknowledgement letters . The transmittal letter has been signed and is being faxed to you and delivered . Kay
Looks to me like notice will be given Wednesday or Thursday . The changes are being made to the CA I documents now . Kay
I had Ozzie sign it , and it has been sent to Carolyn . Kay
The stuff is being delivered in accordance with the notice provision of the letter agreements , which means the original goes to "President" . A copy is also being delivered to George , so he would be a good one to make distribution at Intergen . Kay
Will he be there tonight , or shall we go for tomorrow am ? Kay
I will be travelling to Washington DC tomorrow ( Tues ) with Mark Bernstein . If we finish up tomorrow , I will travel back to Houston tomorrow night , and will be in the office on Wednesday . I hope to take this Friday as a vacation day . Kay
Is the notice the only change ? If so , it looks ok to me .
Here's a set of CA I revised docs . If these are ok , we will get CA II lined up as well . I'm on the road tomorrow , but should be back in the office on Wednesday am . Kay
Please create a duplicate set of documents in my CA Development folder , just changing the name to CA Energy Development II LLC . I'll need both sets . Thanks , Kay
Hi Lisa , I'm back , and will finish up these docs this am . The notice provision does not require that all the closing documents be completed as of the date of the notice , although I expect to have the package finished anyway , including the CA II documents . We expect the escrow to be funded today , so as far as I know we will want to give notice today , although it might be later than the am , depending on when the escrow is funded . Ben , Fred , are you ready for us to give notice ? Kay PS . Laurie Mahon says "hello" .
I'm attaching the notices for CA I and CA II . Please pay particular attention to CA II , since it is the first time it has been circulated . Obviously , we will need to insert the final purchase numbers . Lisa , I set it up so ENA is consenting , which tracks the language in the DCMA . Kay
So long as the equipment is held by E-Next , Jody Pierce needs to get the invoices , although copies can be sent elsewhere . Kay
Sounds good , but if today isn't a good day , it is not a problem .
I would like to have a chance to read it , which I haven't . I still finishing up the Intergen docs . The reason we were using a summary is that we don't know how GE is going to react , which might result in some changes to the contract . In the case of the LM's we had already agreed with GE concerning the terms applicable to the equipment after assignment . Kay
She says you worked together at Chase .
I haven't talked to anyone . I've got 10 docs going out this am , but I'm almost finished .
Well , you must be famous in the I bank bidness , as she claims to know you .
Attached are assignment and assumption agreements for CA I and CA II . The only changes to the GE form were those changes suggested by Lisa , and a little clean up . Kay
Opps . Didn't mean to leave you out !
Here are the two bills of sale for the Intergen transaction . The only change to the form was the insertion of the date . The CA II bill also reflects the sale of the transformer .
I love Vincent's and it is close , so I say we go for it .
I'll be forwarding multiple emails containing the Intergen documents .
This is a new transaction , so you can put in your two cents worth early ! Kay
Here's the guts of the deal .
Fred , As we discussed , we need the physical addresses where the equipment in TurboPark is being stored . As I understand it the equipment is in at least a couple of places , and we haven't advised the banks of that fact . Thanks , Kay
Sounds great . I'm starving also .
I still plan to be out on Friday - guess I should use my discretionary holiday first . I should be in NYC Wednesday and Thursday . I don't need you to do anything in that regard yet . Thanks , Kay
I'll hang it up . Kay
Viola !
Lisa , GE is asking for fully executed copies of thedocuments they signed in connection with the TurboPark transaction . If I can get copies I will be glad to make distribution . Kay
It looks like things are moving forward on the Intergen/CA deal . If we can verify the status of the wires we will want to give notice today . Fred Mitro is working on this and will give you a call to up date the status . I have not seen the final numbers to plug into the notices . Is this information available ? Kay
Hi Lisa , Sounds good to me . We will be sending unsigned docs , with signature pages to be provided later ? Kay
The closing dinner for the big financing will be on Feb . 8 . Just thought I'd keep you current ! Love , Kay
Please locate Jody Pierce's fax number , and send it to Peter . Thanks , Kay
One .
When I asked the question , I was told that the invoices needed to go to Jody . If there's a desire for the invoices to go elsewhere , it will need to be addressed with Lisa Bills , with Roseann Engeldorf being consulted . I do not know if the financing documents limit or otherwise specify the handling of invoices . Hope this helps . Kay
I haven't talked to Ozzie today . When I spoke with him last night , we were arranging to meet in NYC next Wednesday , and I told him we could celebrate there .
I expect to be out of town Wednesday and Thursday of next week ( don't worry , Ben can ALWAYS find me) . I would like to review the stuff before I leave town . Could I come over Tuesday and give it a look ? Do you guys think we need or should give Intergen the assignment docs and the bills of sale ? Kay
So do we have someone to watch the menagerie ? I can probably get out around 600 . I could probably leave sooner , but I wouldn't get anywhere any quicker !
Sounds fine to me .
I had a HUGE lunch ( Vincent's) , so something light sounds good . We could do the usual appetizers at Grotto .
Thanks . Did you have a good one ? Michael was all "cracked up" over the card you sent! ! Kay
Hi Pete , Please send a copy of the FV break out contracts to Sheila Tweed ( Al works for her) . She needs the info this am , and doesn't want to wait until Al gets in . She would also appreciate a list of the outstanding issues . I'll talk to you in a bit on the ABB override letter . I don't think there will be much to it . Kay
Sheila , Here's the latest I have , but there may be another turn in the works . I've asked Pete to send it to you , along with the GE . I need to do an override letter to pick up the agency stuff as well . I spoke with Lisa about that yesterday . Kay
Neil left to go hunting this am , Paige leaves for school tomorrow , leaving me , Michael and our new puppy ( mid life crisis dog ) to our own devices . I'm taking the day off tomorrow , and Monday is an Enron holiday , so I'm looking forward to some Kay time , working in the yard ( weather permitting) , watching Oprah , etc .
Hi there , I'm attaching the final forms of the assignment/assumption agreements for GE's acknowledgement . It is pretty close to what you saw last week . It would be a big help if we could have these executed by GE today or tomorrow . A faxed signature would work , then we could have the originals picked up from Lee's office . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Kay
Attached are electronic versions of the final docs for the CA Development transactions . If there are no other comments we will get the Enron signatures . How many originals are needed ? Noticed was faxed to the Admin Agent this am . Please let me know if you have any questions . Kay
I never get both of these email addresses right on the same email . Kay
Here's what I have on H-2 . Sorry Pete , I thought I had sent it to you previously . Kay
I think you can just include the electronc file and the appropriate person can print it off when they print the Word file with the rest of the contract . I don't have any better idea than that . Kay
Please print four sets of originals of each of the documents you faxed this am ( name in footers) . Thanks , Kay
I haven't seen the originals . I can send you an email which has the name of the files , but I do need them printed so that the footer appears with the name as opposed to the temp file number . Thanks ! Kay
Viola !
Carolyn , On the insurance , I would prefer that we go with set insurance requirements , $10m in coverage ( without aggregate) , deductible no greater than $25,000 for which they are responsible . We also need a Best rating of A-XIII or better . Also , we need a specific reference to the fact that the new member will be responsible for the insurance required in article 19.2 of the turbine contract . The certificate of insurance should be a buyer deliverable at closing . Would it be better to address our ability to put the member interest to them on or before [some date- maybe Dec 02] , just to get it on the table ? Term- I'm thinking we may want to be indemnified for longer than 60 days after commercial ops , as a claim could be brought against us for something they did ( and for which we should be indemnified ) for longer than that , but we would be out of luck , except to the extent insurance took care of it . Maybe we should address reps/warranties separate from indemnities , with the indemnities lasting longer . I'd make the confidentiality agreement last for 2 years in this deal . I'd broaden 9 ( xii ) to include the acquisition of the equipment , not just the facility agreement . 14 . I would reformulate 14 to negotiate around the statement that the equipment is being acquired from ENA . I would also eliminate "or any other third party" on the fifth line . Defined terms: "Commercial operations" isn't in the definitions of the turbine contract , although there may be a definition imbedded in their somewhere ( an EECC specialty) . Please verify . Do we intend to attach a form LLC agreement ? Thanks , Kay
I just sent my comments to you and Carolyn . Kay
KIDDING!!! ! I'd go with Bubba , but that's what we call our cat .
Pete , I have a question . Is it necessary for the amount of consideration to be listed in the final lien form ( exhibit R or S , something like that) ? If so , what amount goes in there ? Will this defeat what we are trying to do in keeping the original price a supposed mystery ? Thanks , Kay
Attached is the GE override letter to accompany the facility agreements . I'm trying to figure out the ABB form . Kay
I would think that the LOC's for #s 2 and 3 should be for CA Energy Development I and CA Energy Development II , since we will close on those transfers next week .
The practice has been for someone from Enron familiar with the project ( not a lawyer ) initials each of the pages for both contracts , inlcuding exhibits . So , we need to make arrangements for that to happen . Each of GE and ABB do likewise . So , who is the lucky person for your project ? Kay
It doesn't need to be a VP . It was a function previously performed by EECC contracts people . Ben initialled on the Intergen form , and John Ayers ( I think a develop engineer ) initialled for ESA . I'm off on a day of vacation this am ( the Enron kind) , so I picked up email early . Kay
Hi Kathleen , I left a stack of initialled docs on the appointed chair in my office . If you will email me Janet's telephone number , I will call and leave a voice mail about you bringing her the docs to sign . Thanks , Kay
I agree . Please revise the form accordingly . Thanks , Kay
Fred and Rebecca should be talking to Accounting about this . Do you want me to respond to your email and copy them ?
Have you talked to Karl yet ? Do you mind calling him ? Thanks , Kay
I think your suggestion about the effective date was quite logical , but it seems to me that it is more of a Sweetgum issue than ours . Unless you think we have a problem , I'm ok with going along with George on this . I presume the original LLC agreement allows for either the Member to sign or an Officer of the LLC . I also assume that Janet Dietrich is an officer of both CA's . Therefore , I'm fine with your suggestion . Kay
The agreements haven't been executed , so please revise . Could you also set me up a stand alone release , so that I can replace the release GE submitted on some of the other turbines ? Thanks , Kay
I ordered these for Christmas , and am totally aghast that these orders are just now being processed . What is going on ? I am appalled that this wasn't handled weeks ago . Kay Mann
Thanks for hanging in there and getting it done . How come you didn't tell me that you didn't get Ben's initials ? I never expect to have to follow up with you to see if you did what we discussed . I just always assume that you've taken care of it , unless you tell me otherwise . I don't want to change my expectations . Deal ? Kay
Ok , I'm out of it . Where's she going ?
Please do what you can to find out what is going on . I know you forwarded these to Carolyn , but I would still appreciate it if you could investigate , or ask Carolyn to do so . Kay
Congratulations on your promotion . You deserve it!!! ! Kay
Hi Elizabeth , Congratulations on your promotion!!!! ! Kay
Unless someone else volunteers , I guess I'll do the ABB override letter . I've mentioned it to Pete Thompson , but he is in our offices today , so he can't do it . Rob Taylor did the initial draft of the GE version , but Rose finished it , with a bit of help from me . It should be a fairly short letter .
This is where I will be this afternoon . Kay
My trip may be back on for tomorrow . I'll know more later . I have a meeting from noon-500 this afternoon , at the Hyatt . Today looks crazy . Does Charlotte know how to pick up Michael , and about Rosco ? Love ,
John , Attached is the term sheet concerning the matter we've been "voice mailing" about . Please call me at your earliest conveneince concerning conflicts , Thanks , Kay
Kathleen , There were three original assignment and assumption agreements: One of CAED I ( GE ) and two for CAED II ( one for GE , one for ABB) . I only see two in my packet , and only two are referenced in the transmittal letter . HELP!!!!!!! ! This is obviously urgent . Kay
I'm thinking that the 1st paragraph of the GE override letter needs massaging , since it refers to the master agreement . I'll be glad to do it when I can , but I'm knee deep in the ABB agreement at this point . Kay
The Intergen LOC should be in CAED I and CAED II's names , issued after closing on the 18th . The PSCO deal team should handle the PSCO LOC , which should be in the name of the PSCO project company , I think , after that deal closes this week . Al Larsen and Sheila Tweed can address these . Hope this helps . Kay
Here's my stab at it: I'll be in an off site the rest of the day . I have no pride of authorship . I'm unclear which entity will be signing the agreements , so I've left some
GE posts an LOC in lieu of retainage .
Please cancel the hotel . I suspect the whole trip will cancel , but I don't want to give up the flights yet . Kay ps THANKS!! !
Hi . My trip was postponed until next week . There's a happy hour ( official/formal ) for my client groups . It would probably be a good idea for me to stop by , but it isn't mandatory .
FYI . Seems like this is something you should ok .
If the transformer contract will be assigned later to a wholly owned sub of E-Next ( aka the project company ) it would seem that the Transfer Date should probably be redefined to reference an assignment to an unaffiliated company . Same thought on the GE override . This is because the override will still be in effect if E-Next owns the equity in the assignee . Kay
Hi Ben , I got an opinion from outside counsel . I'll give it a look so we can discuss . I'll move it up on the list . Kay
I feel fairly confident that you received change orders 1-4 . If not , please advise . One of those change orders changed the delivery dates for the LV Co Gen equipment .
Pete , I sent change order #4 to you and Paul on November 3rd , via email . I will resend it if you can't find it . Kay
See attachment .
I have a conflict . How about 300 ?
Pete , I'm sending you a fax regarding some changes requested by NEPCO/EECC ( our affiliate) . From what he has sent me , it does not seem that the Fountain Valley contract contains the optional guarantee that is in effect for plants comprised of 6 or more units . It would seem to be applicable in this case . Was it deleted intentionally ? Thanks , Kay
Please add back in . You might want to hunt down that fax and see what you think about the suggestions . Kay
Enron is entitled to an additional output guarantee when we have 6 or more units installed in a facility . Peter missed the point , and I didn't catch it because I really didn't look at FV very closely at all . Rigby caught it . He disagrees with how we massaged his original language for this additional guarantee , and I will try to figure out his point . Kay
Good question . I'll ask around .
Here's the slide presentation from yesterday's meeting with the NE Power Team . Kay
Pete , I suggest that Exhibit S state that GE has received all sums owing , without a reference to who paid it , since they will have been paid from multiple sources . Thanks , Kay
Just wanted to confirm that we are moving ahead for the Intergen closings . Lisa , I spoke with Karl , and he has promised to let me know if there any hitches on their end . His preliminary assessment was that everything was ok , but he wants to check . Ben , Kathleen will be bringing the documents to you to initial this afternoon , then I will sign off so Janet can execute the documents . Rebecca , please confirm that Carolyn has the final wiring instructions for the movement of money out of escrow . I presume that we would like to close early enough to see money move tomorrow , since the payoff amounts have been calculated based on closing tomorrow . I don't know what is required to make the payoff to TurboPark , so I hope someone knowledgeable is handling that end . My trip was postponed , so I'm around . Kay
Wow , Rebecca was reading my mind !
Please make the requested change to the signature blocks on the following docs in my CA directory: EXECUTIONCOPY Bill of Sale ( CAED I ) EXECUTION COPY Assumption with GE ack ( CAEDI ) EXECUTION COPY Bill of Sale ( CAEDII ) EXECUTION COPY Assumption re ABB ( CAEDII ) EXECUTION COPY Assumption with GE ack ( CAEDII ) ( I think this is the correct name ) When this is completed , please email these agreements to Karl , copy to me and Kathleen Carnahan Thanks , Kay
For your review .
Pete , I intended for you to call me about Rigby's comments to discuss . I don't know that ENA is willing to accept all of what he wants . Please call to discuss implications of his comments . Kay
Evidently we are experiencing some technical difficulty on this end . The task should be finished shortly .
Gee , when's the Super Bowl ? That was nice of her . My day is HECTIC , but what's new . I can't seem to get any traction on getting things done . Michael wanted to go to Jilian's tonight , but I told him no .
Enron has signed the docs , except for the revised escrow instructions , yet to be received . Ben will be coming to your offices at 900 , so he can sign the instructions at that time . I've pulled the financing documents from the stacks . I hope to have a copies of the docs tomorrow , and if so , I'll have something to give Intergen . See you tomorrow ! Kay
I love these stories !
I'll be in meetings in and out of the office until around noon . I sure would like to get out of here by 600 tonight . Wish me luck ! Thanks for putting the dogs out and taking Michael to school . Sorry about the doggie accident . It will take time . I checked the kindergarten website , but it didn't have any info re Wear White Day . I can pretty well figure out what he is supposed to wear ( white) , but I'm not sure why . I believe the 19th is MLK's real birthday , if that has any significance . That's not much info , I know.. . Hope you have a good day .
He also has white tennies .
Yes , please .
Hi Chris , Happy New Year . Hope all is going well with you . We miss you ! I heard a rumor that the UI deal had an asset management aspect to it . The guys around here are kicking around some different asset management ideas , so I'm trying to get my hands on any docs which might give some insight into some different approaches . Do you have anything you can email me ? Thanks , Kay
Heather , Attached is the CA we discussed . I changed the last paragraph to add the expiration of the exclusivity provision , as I think this is probably a bit easier to enforce . Kay
John , I appreciated your help . I'm glad we got to do a real deal , even if it was a strange one . More to come ! I'll check on the sitter , but dinner on the 2nd sounds great . Kay
Hi . Hope things are going well for you and your shadow . I don't feel so good , so I'm seriously considering going home .
You raise a very interesting question on how EECC and ENA will interface in the future . I understand that ENA now has a Technical Support Group ( something like that) , and some of the folks are EECC personnel who have transferred to ENA . I do not know their function or role . As for the integration of EECC legal comments into a document , I would say that it would depend on the comment . Essentially , the deals are ENA deals , not EECC deals , which means ENA has decision making responsibility . Also , ENA is the project sponsor/owner ( until sold) , and NEPCO is usually the contractor . The conflicts arise when NEPCO ( usually not EECC on ENA deals ) is asked to wrap certain contracts , so EECC or NEPCO takes a position as a contractor . So it is difficult for EECC to act as the owner's engineer and the EPC contractor . Another interface issue is that EECC contracts personnel do not typically involve the EECC lawyers in major equipment contracts until the end of the negotiation process . Perhaps this has changed since I left , but that was how things worked when I was with EECC . On the finance/deal lawyer front , my question is who deals with the lenders and their counsel once the financing vehicle is in place ? I'll let you know if I think of anything else . I suspect Sheila will have some insight , also . Kay
Antitrust Division Won't Challenge Electricity Distribution Cooperative WASHINGTON ( BNA ) -- A proposal by 17 rural Arkansas electric power distribution cooperatives that would allow them to market electric power to retail customers passes antitrust muster , according to a Jan . 10 business review letter by the Justice Department's Antitrust Division , which could find no lessening of competition in any electric power market . The distribution cooperatives are 17 nonprofit cooperative corporations formed under the Electric Cooperative Corporation Act of Arkansas to provide electric service predominantly to rural consumers . Each distribution cooperative is owned by the individual member/consumers that it serves and is legally obligated to distribute annually all its income to its member/customers . Due to the 1999 enactment of the Electric Consumer Choice Act , which mandates competition in the retail sale of electricity beginning as early as Jan . 1 , 2002 , the manner of selling and buying retail electricity within Arkansas will change greatly . Consumers now purchase electricity only from the regulated electric utility serving the territory in which the consumer is located . Under the Act , a consumer will be allowed to purchase electric energy from any entity in the competitive marketplace , and the consumer's incumbent utility will have to deliver that electricity to the consumer's door under regulated distribution charges . The new legislation's primary focus is the separation of the retail marketing activities--which will be completely competitive--from the electric utility's regulated transmission and distribution activities . To ensure that the utility's marketing operations do not benefit improperly from its relationship with the utility , the Act provides that employees engaged in the transmission and distribution system operations are required to function independently of employees engaged in the marketing or sale of electricity at retail . The act creates an obligation for each incumbent utility to offer a standard service package to any consumer who has not been willing or able to secure an alternative energy service provider . Distribution cooperatives , under the act , may serve these consumers , referred to as default consumers , directly or they may assign them to an affiliate . The rates for the standard service package will be a market rate , unless the incumbent utility chooses to offer a regulated rate approved by the Arkansas Public Service Commission . The proposal advanced by the distribution cooperatives would enable them to create a joint venture to market electric power to retail customers throughout Arkansas . All retail marketing activities outside the traditional local territories of the distribution cooperatives would be conducted through the joint marketing venture . If a distribution cooperative decides to withdraw from the joint venture , it may compete with the joint venture for any and all consumers . The proposal provides that each distribution cooperative would decide individually whether to serve its default customers directly or to assign its default customers to the joint venture . Each distribution cooperative has a relatively small amount of the electric power generating capacity in Arkansas , and the combined generating power capacity of the 17 distribution cooperatives is approximately 6 percent of the total generating capacity in the two areas of Arkansas in which the joint venture is likely to market . The joint venture is expected to achieve economies of scale that would give it significantly lower distribution costs in statewide or regional markets than would be attainable by individual members . Procompetitive Effects In the business review letter , Acting Assistant Attorney General A . Douglas Melamed indicated that the proposed joint retail marketing venture does not appear to have any anticompetitive effect . He commented that "while the distribution cooperatives could be viewed as potential entrants into each other's local retail markets , regional markets and a state-wide market , their small size and relatively high operating costs make it unlikely that they could enter new markets on their own or that , if they tried to enter , they would offer effective competition." Melamed added that "the existence of other , larger potential entrants into [the local retail markets] would significantly diminish , if not eliminate , any anticompetitive effect that might otherwise result from the joint venture proposal . It seems at least as likely , if not more so , that the joint retail marketing proposal would have the procompetitive effect of creating an additional entrant into retail markets not currently served by the distribution cooperatives." The business review letter is available at Antitrust Division's Web site-- and a file containing the business review request and the division's response may be examined in the Antitrust Documents Group of the Antitrust Division , Suite 215 , Liberty Place , 325 7th St. , N.W. , Department of Justice , Washington , DC 20004 .
You are not just buying a pig; you are buying a brighter future for the youth of Texas . When you purchase a pig from the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo ( HLS&R) , Junior Swine Auction Committee , all proceeds will go into the HLS&R Scholarship Fund benefiting Texas youth . Pigs are $600 each and are approximately 225 lb . gross weight . The pigs can either be donated to The Houston Food Bank or delivered to a processor for your personal use . To participate please contact Jessie Jewell at 5-4983 . Because this is a tax-deductible contribution , Enron will match your donation dollar for dollar . Click here to print out the Matching Gift form . Individuals donating $600 or more are eligible for an invitation for two to the Whole Hog Cookers BBQ Tent at the Championship BBQ Cook-off held February 9 and 10 . Individuals donating $600 or more can also receive an invitation for two to the Swine Auction Breakfast and Swine Auction on February 28 . Cash contributions of any amount are gladly accepted .
Did you check out the link to the spandex picture ?
Hope you feel better soon !
Could you let me know how many there are , so I'll know how we want to handle this .
I'm feeling fine today .
Shall I check with Charlotte about dinner at Keffer's ?
Hi . We can get a computer hook up through Time Warner for $15 month . Could you ask John if he likes it ? Can it be installed anywhere in the house ? Thanks , Kay
Sandra , Can you confirm that a non-smoking room was requested ? Thanks , Kay
Hi Charlotte , We've been invited to someone's house for dinner on Feb 2 . Can you take care of Michael ? The dinner is in River Oaks , so we could just drop him off . Michael got a hair cut this weekend . I think it makes him look taller . I wish it worked that way for me ! It is very short , and I think very cute . Kay
Your vote ?
I think I'm going to be in NYC tomorrow , otherwise I'd say your place . I'll find out what Neil thinks . Thanks , Kay
John , We have a sitter lined up , so Feb . 2 sounds great for dinner . Neil and I are looking forward to it . Kay
I am scheduled to be out of the office Tues-Thurs of this week . I will be in New York with Mark Bernstein negotiating a term sheet for the Co Op City deal . This is one of the asset management deals I'm working on for the NE Power Team . I haven't confirmed with Mark that the trip is still on , so there is still the possibility that it might cancel . Kay
This looks like too much trouble .
Hi there . Is this required by our agreement , or just a nice touch ? We have a fairly long list of people who we would have to track down , and it seems to me that these people can be replaced ( or have been ) without the formality of resigning . I'll send you the list separately . Thanks , Kay Yes , but you would have to track down all those people .
You might have this info anyway... .
Please calendar for Sheila and me . Thanks , Kay
Are you ok ?
I didn't go back and check , but I believe the bills of sale or the assignment/assumption agreement may help , as one of these should have the serial number . I think you may have a spread sheet that ties serial numbers to unit numbers . At least I hope so ! Let me know if this doesn't get you what you need . Kay
Here 'tis . I don't think it compared the charts , but it found lots of other things to compare . Kay
I think you should send them back to Lee and let him dispose of them .
Here's something to look at . Kay
I figure longer life expectancy is just to make up for all the crummy female days we have . We probably have the same number of quality days as men . If that !
I saw pictures on the tv screens on one of the floors , but I didn't hear about the capture . How did they do it ?
This term sheet relates to a new deal of Mark Bernstein's . We haven't responded to it yet . I suspect you will be consulted about it soon , so I thought I would give you a heads up . Roger and Herman have heard a bit about the project , and Joe D has been briefed . Looks like more for TurboPark . Kay
Yes , this is issue is still around . Thomas , I had some correspondence faxed to you today . In it SW is clearly taking the position that the damage to the generator occured after delivery under the contract . I thought you addressed that well in your memo , however , I have another question . What impact does the use of DDP ( Incoterms ) have ? Is it just one more part of the contract to be taken as a whole , or might it have some greater significance ? Will the passage of ROL impact the LD claim ? I assume not , but I want a sanity check . Thanks , Kay
He is chatty in the am . I enjoy the ride with him . I'll let CB know that I'm in town . Kay
Should have included you guys as well .
Here's the current draft for a sanity check:
Does this mean they didn't have to induce ? Please tell her congrats if you talk to her . Kay
My trip cancelled , so I'm around . I can pick Michael up at your place if this is easier for you . Kay
You might check out this link and look at the classes . I haven't been able to take anything but orientation yet , but I hear great things about the classes .
This needs to be "TurboParked" ( parties changed , GFinance advised) . Is there any special deal on payment for the change order ? I'll figure out how to change the signature lines , etc . Kay
Sounds fine to me . Kay
Could you forward the attachment referenced in your email ? ( we all do that )
FYI
Hi Ben , Has anyone asked you to take a look at this ? If not , I would be interested in your comments . Kay
Hi there .
I'll send you the final doc's so we can discuss . I generated the forms , then finance and the banks commented on the forms . Kay
As promissed .
For Tom H .
Are any of these available ?
Sheila would like to re-schedule tomorrow's call for Friday . Could you send out an email to the GE/Enron group to find the best time ? Thanks , Kay
I think Sheila probably got this invitation . I'm planning on going assuming I'm in town .
Hi . Charlotte is taking Michael home because they were going to McDonald's . Will you be leaving for home at 600 ?
Mitch , I need to get the LJM signatures . I've spoken with the Finance folks who can help with this , and I'll try to get that wrapped up asap . Kay Enron North America Corp .
I'll follow up .
You sound so pitiful . I haven't forgotten you ! Kay
ABB is asking for its original of the facility agreement . In fact , I need to get originals of the ABB and GE facility agreements to ABB and GE . When can I get those docs ? Thanks , Kay
Hi . Who can meet when ?
Here's the latest.. .
I can only open it if I launch it . I can't view it . You might try that . I think I can print it .
Please see if you can get me 30 minutes via phone with John Klauberg at 130 today . He mentioned in his voice mail that he might want to bring in someone else from his firm , which is fine . Mark Bernstein will also be on the call . I'll call him at 130 ( CST ) if he is available . Thanks , Kay
So are you Gold ? If not , go ahead and use the miles if you want .
I'm glad that Michael had the opportunity to meet Dr . B . Thanks for making that happen . Kay
Tomorrow is fine . Kay
ENA Legal ( TBD ) 1 . ENA Legal is responsible for deal documentation and legal sign off for the transaction , and is typically responsible for all transaction-related agreements documents such as MOUs/MOIs , Participation or Development Agreements , and any Agreement , which directs the operation of the project ( O&M Agreement , Steam Agreement , Gas Agreement , Power Purchase Agreement , etc.) . 2 . ENA Legal represents the interests of advises the origination and development team ( and other members of ENA management as appropriate ) on all legal aspects of a transaction , accessing internal and external resources as required . and reviews/synthesizes comments from the all the groups . 3 . ENA Legal works with origination team , Accounting , Global Finance and Tax in structuring the transaction , and communicates with EECC ( and others ) as required during the execution of the project to faciliate compliance with the structure . Recommendations for improving the interaction between EE&CC and ENA: 1 . EE&CC Legal should be involved in the beginning of the process of drafting documents by EE&CC Contract Administration , unless other procedures have been agreed . 2 . Due to conflicts of interest , EE&CC Legal cannot represent NEPCO while at the same time working with the deal team . to procure equipment for the same project . ENA Legal and EECC Legal should be advised early in the process of any project-related agreements being generated by EECC , so that compliance with overall deal structure and risk profile can be ascertained . 3 . Comments returned to EE&CC need to either be incorporated in the next draft , or if there are issues on the comments , they need to be discussed with the ENA Legal representative or Origination contact , prior to distribution to vendors . 4 . EECC Legal and ENA Legal should communicate regarding issues common to both companies so that consistency in position can be achieved as much as possible . Forms of "standard" agreements should be discussed/agreed to enhance consistency . 5 . Service and consulting agreements not specific to a particular transaction which can be untilized by multiple Enron companies via tasking letters should be prepared by EECC . EECC should provide information concerning the existence of such service agreements . 6 . ENA Legal would should work closely with EE&CC contract administrators in drafting equipment in the preparation of contracts which the contracts personnel have been tasked to prepare . EECC Legal can assist by providing input , but is not required by ENA to sign off on such contracts .
Just got it , so I haven't read it . Please let me know what you think . Kay
Looks fine to me .
I'm sorry , I thought that you would remember that this is one of the Chicago/People things , since we recently discussed Jones , Day, , etc . My bad . Kay
I presume that you would just as soon continue to follow this ? Kay
FYI . These is in essence the sale of two of the Illinois development sites that I worked on . I'll follow up . Kay
No TurboPark ? No GE or ABB issues ? I feel like I'm missing something... . I'll get up to speed asap . Kay
FYI . No action required .
Well , I hope this won't be too complicated . Did you hire Cory , and if so , what did you think ?
Here is one option . The problem would be getting him picked up when I'm out of town . Charlotte might be able to help . Also , there's the Presby church . I wonder if SOTW has something . He might enjoy a visit . I just got to work and got my computer up and going . Yes , the whole ordeal was 1 1/2 hours .
I just noticed that I forgot to send you the originals of the letter agreements . I will have the ABB contract picked up at the same time . Thanks , Kay
I'm all for getting as much booked in Q1 as possible .
At this time it appears that I will be going to NYC on Wednesday , returning Friday afternoon or possibly Thursday night . I'll miss the Turbopark closing dinner , which is not all bad , as it will save me a lot of calories and a headache . I will miss getting the pat on the back . I didn't want to miss Michael's open house , though , as that was more important . As you know , things are subjec to change . Kay
Hi Charlotte , We are starting to check out our options for the summer , and one of the things we are considering is the day camp that Enron is involved with . They pick up and deliver from the Enron building , and I was wondering if you might consider picking Michael up from here ( Enron) . I suspect most days he could go to your place . I have no idea if this is the direction we will go , but I thought I would run it by you early on . I have to think about how much travel I might have , as it might be hard on Neil to take Michael downtown in the morning . Paige has applied for a job at Enron , though , so if that worked out we would be in good shape . Here's a link . They have some neat themes . Have you heard of any other good day camps ? You seem to be plugged in fairly well . Thanks , Kay
Hi Kathleen , I'm having difficulty reading parts of paragraphs 15 and 17 . Are these jumbled on your screen ? Thanks ,
We have 4 of each of these available at $19 ( or whatever face value is) . Just let me know what you want to do . Thanks , Kay
Well , there's an argument to be made that the remedy for breach of an option agreement is us suing them for specific performance , ie , making them sell us the land . Since we shouldn't have any obligations under an option agreement , I don't worry about arbitration . Let me think about it , though .
Guess what ? The closing party isn't until Feb . 8 . I had the wrong week ! Glad I didn't show up on the wrong day... . BEAUTIFUL weather . Might want to sit outside and have a little cocktail ( or equivalent ) tonight . I had Mexican food for lunch , so popcorn for dinner ! Love , Kay
I called him .
Good idea about taking the sausage . Are you going to the store ? If you do , I could use some Diet Coke , silver and gold .
Well ?
This is the same lady from yesterday/this am . How does the fifth ticket work ?
Ok . My hubby tells me the tickets you want are available , and he'll put your name on them , so to speak . Kay
Note change from Def to Clay .
OK .
Ann , I'll be there . Thanks , Kay
Any idea what the going rate is for a limo on a Thursday ? Nothing extraordinary needed , just your basic version . Thanks , Kay
It should be under Diaz , Ann , if she got an invite . Surely she got invited .
Corey , Thanks . Was the doc based on any previous Enron transactions ? Thanks , Kay
I wanted to make sure that you saw this .
I was supposed to make a "To Do" list of the World Hunger Team: Limit of liability/Indemnity - Steve has provided a draft . Assignment - although we reached an accord for TurboPark purposes , the basic issues remain for discussion . Confidentiality - Mike has circulated a revised draft . Termination - This ones on my list . Warranty - Scott has some comments to discuss . We also discussed streamlining the time lines , etc . Kay
I don't think Carolyn needs them , but I will think about it .
Hi Clark , Good to hear from you . I'm headed to NYC this week , so lunch doesn't look good . I would love to see Nancy , though . She did a very nice job for us . I can't find any information on Corey . Can you give me a little background information ? I couldn't find him in the BP directory or website . Hope all is well with you , and I hope we can get together soon . Kay
Per Barbara's request , here's a summary of much of what I'm working on: Co Op City asset management arrangement: In this deal , Enron would build a small power generation facility for a housing co op in the Bronx , Co Op City . We would arrange for O & M services , supply the fuel ( primarily gas) , market their excess power , and , for the first 4 years , take 1/2 the offtake . We are currently working to structure the transaction to keep if off the balance sheet and maximize the mark . We are working on a term sheet , and I will be in NYC later this week to continue negotations with the customer . Mark Bernstein is the originator , Debbie Chance is the developer , and NEPCO Houston is involved . I discussed outside counsel with Jeff , and I would like to use John Klauberg at LeBeouf . Sell of two development projects in Illinois . Two of the sites we have developed ( sans equipment ) are up for sale , and Fred Mitro has contacted me about supporting the transaction . Lisa Mellencamp had previously contacted Bracewell about working on it , but I'm a little concerned about the amount of experience of the person they have designated . I've asked Clark Thompson for some information on his background . SW 501d - our claim against SWestinghouse , and possible sale of the equipment . We have issues with the vendor concerning the late delivery of this equipment . We are also trying to sell the equipment ( a turbine/generator set ) to Calpine . Fuel Cells - last year Enron made a $5million investment in Fuel Cells , a company which is developing an almost green form of power generation . We received contingent warrants which we can cash in if we arrange for 55 mw . We are working with an instrumentality of the state of Connecticut about them buying 26 megawatts . We are working on the purchase agreement with FC , and the project development agreement with the State . It is quiet right now , as funding is figured out . There's TurboPark maintenance stuff which pops up weekly . GE - Sheila and I have a weekly phone conference with GE to work on a standard contract for buying turbines . I've heard a rumor that we will be buying some more , although neither Sheila nor I have been contacted yet . I think this is a fair summary of the big ticket items . Kay
I have a meeting at EECC which is scheduled from 1130-130 , but there is a risk it will run long . 300 would be better . Thanks for setting this up . Kay
Do we have a ca with either Co Op City or a company called Riverbay something or other ? Thanks , Kay Works for me .
I saw Scott Dieball at Mr . Izzo's going away reception , and shared the happy news that we voted unanimously for him to set up the next conference call . Kay
There's a monthly birthday party thing at 300 up here . I know you don't always get the word , so here's the word . How's your brother ?
How about a ca with PB Power ( or Parsons Brinckerhoff Power) ? Thanks , Kay
Gotta hear about your trip . Was it fun ?
How about some new carpet ? I HATE THE CARPET IN THE BEDROOM , although it does hide dog hair well . If we want to stick with dark carpet , I like the green upstairs .
Well , there's no instant gratification with that , although it is logical .
FYI . You are welcome to join us . Kay
Yes , please .
I need a reciprocal confidentiality agreement with: One Penn Plaza New York , NY 10119 attn: Mr . Stephen Losi re: potential asset management transaction with Riverbay Corporation relating to Co Op City . One year term . Thanks , Kay Make that Brinckerhoff .
Did I write you back ? Everything is going well here . I like the work a lot , and I have some nice clients . I can't wait for Carlos to get here , though . I went to Izzo's going away reception last week . Boy , there are a lot of new faces over there . In in New York the rest of the week . Maybe next week . I hope you keep baby pictures with you at all times ! Kay
Geez , lots of choices . Your vote ?
You're right , it sounds better spoken than it looks written . I get the point , though . 4ish my time looks good . Kay
Could you check with Ben to see if he wants a set ?
When you get a minute I need to discuss the last attachment for the Co Op term sheet ( the asset management one) . Here's the current state of the draft: We do not have a current CA with PB . I will have one in the am to send out . Do you want Jude , et al to look at the EPC contract stuff ? Kay
Absolutely .
Lisa , I've made some preliminary suggestions on the term sheet . We will have some comments on the asset management attachment , but I don't have those together yet . In looking through our files I don't find a confidentiality agreement . Therefore , I'm attaching a draft of what we would like to have executed so that we can send you other documents . Thanks , Kay
This is important stuff . Pop quiz material . Kay
Have you asked Rusty ? I believe Kathleen gave him a hard copy yesterday . I made the changes myself .
Here's the option we discussed yesterday . It has some farm tenancy stuff which I want to make sure you see . Thanks , Kay
Let's discuss .
Sorry about this . I forgot ! I'll give it a look .
I ran a redline from the last version I had electronically . I've forwarded the current version to Herman for his review and approval . Due to some of the changes , Enron may need some revisions as well . Kay
Here we go with a renewal that puts us to 7.6% , but the purchase price is not so much .
Hi David , The owner is willing to do this cost plus . Do you have a cost plus form that you like ? It was good to see you yesterday , by the way . Do you want me to include you on follow up emails on this ? Kay
View it , don't launch it , then you can print it .
Hi . I paged you soon after I left the school , but never heard back . I also tried your cell , but it said it wasn't on . Are you plugged in today ?
Ace , I'm a lawyer at ENA . We are selling some of our peakers , and in conjunction with the sale we have agreed to not contest Siemens Westinghouse retaining the Blue Girl reservation payments . SW has asked that LJM sign off on the agreement , and Rose has suggested that I send the original agreements to you , and indicated that she would help coordinate signature . Your help is appreciated . Please let me know if you have any questions . Kay
I've sent it to the Finance group who will obtain LJM signature . If I have any problem ( ie , it looks like it won't be done this week) , I'll let you know so maybe you can expedite on the commercial side . I'd like to give them a day or two first . Kay Enron North America Corp .
I need your EXCEPTIONAL help with this.. .
I just noticed a glitch , which I'll fix . Do you have any comments ?
Imagine that .
I made it to NYC with no problem . The weather is nice enough , but windy . I'm on my way to a meeting .
Fred , If we have the same purchaser for both , it would be a lot easier to agree to the form , then duplicate it . Do you see any problem with this ? I will have to have the electronic form emailed to me , then I can make the changes . I brought the hard copy , but I don't have access to the electronic form . Have they indicated if they want to go forward with this , or are they still kicking tires ? I need to set priorities , so it would help to know what's most important , especially since I'm on the road . Do we want to continue marketing the sites during the time period between signing and termination ? I don't think 3 weeks would be a problem after signing . No TurboPark!! ! On the issue of the conference call Friday , I have a meeting with the customer which starts in the am , then I'm on the road . Monday would be 1000 times better , if this is at all possible . In that won't work , I will have more details about timing of my Friday meeting tomorrow . Thanks , Kay
Please give this a look and take a first stab at it . Thanks , Kay
OK . Friday was going to be really difficult for me anyway . Kay
Hi . There's a document in my O drive directory called kendallsale , or something close . I can't remember where I put it - probably under General LOI . Could you email it to me ? Thanks , Kay
Please email me whatever version of the doc you sent to them . When it is time for discussions meaningful discussions I would like to be involved . Thanks , Kay
Hi John , I'm out of town , but will give this a look when I return . Kay
Did I send this to you yet ? Kay
I'm flying home tomorrow , but I won't be in the office . Does today look better ? WE NEED CARLOS ! I've picked up several new deals this week , a couple of them would be perfect for Carlos . Kay
Hi John , Mark and I are still working at the hotel , waiting to hear from the counterparty . Could you forward this to Jon ? I don't have his email address . Thanks , Kay
I agree that we don't need outside counsel on the call at this point . If I'm available , I'm happy to participate . The scheduling problem is due to my travel plans . I'll join in if the call is at a time I can fit in . Otherwise , I'll catch up with you later about the results of the call . Kay
Thanks . Do you have some free time today ? I'm not sure about our schedule , but if we have free time which matches up with you , I would like to spend some time discussing the issues . Kay
Gentlemen , As Dave and John know , I'm working on a deal for ENA ( and with Jude ) which has as one aspect a cost plus EPC contract for the construction of a power plant . We need to put together the T's and C's for a cost plus contract , and since it is possible that NEPCO might be the contractor , I wanted to use something that is acceptable to NEPCO . I will then take the laboring oar in order to get a working draft prepared for this project . As always , I'm on a short time frame , so your response would be appreciated . Thanks , Kay
kinda cute.. .
Here tis !
Suzanne is out today , so would you mind finding this document and having someone fax it to me ? I'll email my fax number to you . Much Grass , Kay
thanks
Here's the first one.. . Thanks , Kay
Please print the second agreement ( the letter agreement ) and fax to me . Thanks , Kay
It doesn't look like it is going to work out to meet today . We should be back next week , though . Kay
Many thanks . When I first started in the E & C bidness all our company did was cost plus work . I may have some old exhibits about how the mulitplier was used to capture benefits and burdens , both for field people and home office . You know the goal is to never create an original document ! Kay
I'm in NYC , returning tomorrow . Neil hasn't mentioned Mac calling , but I really didn't think we would hear from him again before today . We meant to leave the stereo - hope you don't mind . Paige got a new one for Christmas , and her old one seemed perfect for the Pink House . We enjoyed our visit also . Thanks for everything . Sorry to hear about the girls . Tis the season . I hope Lisa has a nice birthday tomorrow , even with sick kids . Gotta go meet someone . Love , Kay
You might hear from Mac tonight ( hope so!) . You can give him my cell phone for when he gets in , and we can leave a key under the doormat . Gotta go meet Mark . Love , Kay
Yes , but let me review it before anyone else sees it . Thanks , Kay
I know we don't do the bbq , but I would think about this.. .
Not yet . We are working on a solution . Kay
How's about we talk about it ? I think that's more efficient . As long as we talk before the next call , we should be in good shape . Kay
Hi there . This came in while I was on the road . Mac mentioned his girlfriend , but he didn't mention the Rice thing . Hmmm . We would love to have him at UH , since he won't aim any higher , and we thing it beats SWTS . He and his friend were wonderful house guests . I hope no one got worse on your b day . Many happy returns ! Love , Kay
Hi there . Nothings comes off the list . New additions are as follows: New transaction with Morgan Stanley Dean Witter , relating to the creation of a jointly owned control area to address generation , transmission , and retail load delivery . It is brand-spanking new , so I don't know much more than this . It is being handled by Ozzie Pagan . New opportunity with New Jersey Natural to develop projects using Fuel Cells . Heather Kroll is the contact . Sale of Blue Dog ( GE ) turbine . Likely buyer ( at last word ) is NRG . Could be complicated if GE protests . There's a rumor that we are buying some new turbines from GE , but I haven't been contacted . The rumor came from GE reps , who asked if I was working on it . Sheila isn't handling , either , last I knew . Everything else is the same . I expect to be in NYC in the middle of the week to continue negotiations on the Co Op City deal ( with Mark Bernstein) . Please let me know if you have any questions . Kay
This is a slam dunk . Don't screw it up . Ok , seriously . Carlos , you missed a wonderful evening on Friday . John , it is hard to believe that you could have acutually have married UP . Good for you . Please thank Debbie for a perfect night . John , more details on the platimum AMEX with President's Club membership . For real ? I'll process the assignment to John on Monday . I don't expect a problem , and am ready for it if it surfaces . No big deal . Kay
I checked all my emails , and I don't have any indication that I received/reviewed this version of the document . The redline is the redline against the last version I have on file . If the other folks sign before it has been reviewed internally , it is possible that changes will be required . It won't be extensive . I will ask Karen Way to call me before making changes to drafts , or at least advising me via email so that things will flow more smoothly . Kay
This should be good enough . Thanks , Kay
Attached is a red-line of the revised form against the form John S . sent me . Please advise of any comments as soon as possible . Kay In the interest of time I'm sending it out before I've reviewed it , so forgive the typos , etc .
Please email the letter to me before Ben signs it . Thanks .
Hi Pete , Here's the contract we discussed on the telephone . To make life easier , please set the exhibits up as a separate electronic file . It is a heck of a cut-and-paste job , but it will really help when we start blacklining docs . Thanks , Kay
It is a CompareRite document . If you "view" it in email , then you can save it as a Word document . If this doesn't work , let me know and I'll create a Word doc . Kay
Yes . I got someone else to help me . Thanks anyway .
Hi there , I've made some suggested changes on the CO you sent . In the interest of time I'm sending this to David Marshall , since this largely deals with ROL and insurance , and I couldn't tell if he has read this previously . Thanks , Kay
I should have included you . Sorry !
I had Mexican food for lunch , so LITE dinner for me . I had lunch with Oz and Heather . Oz drove us in his new MB convertible . Really nice . It is a 430 , silver . How's your day ?
Please check the last couple of pages and see if I'm close . Kay
Please print all of these . Thanks , Kay
I'm having copies made of the due diligence binders .
When I travel for more than one day , I usually take my computer and use it on the road . Hope you are enjoying this perfect weather ! Love , Kay
I hear Erik Kingshill is moving on . Also Paul Myford is looking for a new spot . What a lot of changes .
Opps . I thought we were talking about the same CO . Could you please send me a copy ( or electronic file ) of the letter you are incorporating by reference ? This CO will need to be signed by Janet Dietrich , Managing Director . Is the replacement N-1 the same as the replacement N-1 in CO #2 ? I'll give this the final once over as soon as I get the letter . Thanks ( and sorry for the confusion) , Kay
Hi there , Please get someone to hang my white board behind my door . Thanks , Kay
JD approved referral of this to Keffer et al . Fred is anxious to get something to the counterparty - his preference is yesterday . I would think that a discussion with Fred about the deal might be in order today , even if by phone . What is your availability ? John/Carolyn , have you had a chance to review the draft I sent you , and do you have any notions about how to structure this deal ? Is the format ok ? Can we make it more seller friendly without being ridiculous ? When the initial draft is ready , it will need to go to Matt Gockerman ( ENA Tax ) and Herman Manis ( structuring accountant) . Ciao ,
Fred , I suggest a phone call among the team today to make sure we are all on the same wave length . What is your schedule ? Thanks , Kay
That just means there is plenty of work to go around !
Here's a first draft . I can't find a working printer to print to ( what a way to work) , so I haven't printed it yet . If you can print a copy , I would appreciate it . Kay
I'm tied up but you don't need me anyway .
They put it in the middle of the wall . Please have them come back and put it behind my door . Thanks , Kay
Here's the answer to the tax and accounting questions .
Come look .
We need to finish up with the site specific agreement for the equipment , then they can have the whole enchilada . I would think it could be ready in a week . I'll get A & K to dust it off . Kay
Hi there , Did I ever send this to you ? This one is back on the radar screen . Thanks , Kay
Hi Pete , I'm attaching parts of an email I received from one of our technical folks regarding the C of Austin turbine contract . I have to send it in pieces because it is so large . Thanks , Kay
Here's what Eric wrote: I revised the contract you sent me to make it site specific . Those changes are redlined . Please note that I have reinserted sections 10.4.1 and 10.4.3 as well as the defined terms that go with them . These were related to exhaust temperature and energy . I know this is a simple cycle plant and they typically aren't required , but I wanted to see if GE would guarantee it anyway . It maybe helpful in the future if Austin Energy goes combined cycle . If for some reason GE's lawyers specifically want to leave that out , then they will probably also want to delete sections 10.4.2 and 10.4.4 ( and their defined terms ) since those also talk about specific exhaust guarantees . Let me know what they decide . Exhibit A ( site basis conditions ) which I also revised was not attached to your file . ( It's right behind the sign-off pages in my hard copy. ) I therefor hand marked up a copy and scanned it . It is now attached as a separate word file . Exhibit F is "boiler plate" and shouldn't change . Exhibit "U" is not in my hard copy . My copy only goes up to Exhibit "T." If you get something from GE on Exhibit "U" , send it to me and I will be glad to review it .
For your reading pleasure . I would add that I told them that their role would need to be defined by you , the developer , and Technical Support .
I'm faxing a page because the email wouldn't go through . Kay
Next Monday ?
I'm a little concerned about the neighborhood ( no offense) , but I thought you could drive by at lunch . They also have a facility at the St . Regis school . Lastly , if you watch as you drive home ( I know you are looking around anyway ) you might see a church with a sign up , etc . Maybe Grace Presby might have something . I'm concerned about bringing Michael downtown because of my travel schedule . Kay
By the way , I was talking to my friend and colleague Rose , and she tells me that the company has hired a car to take Rose , another person and me home on Thursday after the big party . Nice touch , huh ? We all live close to each other .
Lee asked that I pass this along . Please let me know if you want some tickets . Kay
I will have a minute in about an hour .
Hey there . I'm back in the saddle again . I'll get crackin' Kay
I'm not leaving town.. .
Yes , I'd be glad to talk to him . I know we want to build generation in New York ( the next state to have brown outs) . Until Carlos gets settled in send the guys to me . Trust me , it won't take long to get him settled in ! Kathleen , do we have a land holding company for that region ? I want to think about a two-tiered approach due to balance sheet issues created by expensive land . I'll think about it from a TurboPark standpoint also . Kay Yeah well . Next week !
It is just too far out of your way . I'll try to see if I can catch a ride somewhere .
Innovative is a euphemism for something , but I can't figure out the right word . What every means "Company Most Likely to Exhaust its Lawyers with Impossible Structures and Processes"... .
Gentlemen , This was my first written request for a cost plus contract . The request was made to NEPCO because at that time NEPCO was supposedly still involved in the project . I left subsequent voice mails for Dave and John Schwartzenburg , then mailed a follow up email to the gang at noon on Thursday , February 1st , copying various folks at EECC . John Schwartzenburg was out of town , but went out of his way to accommodate my request so that by Thursday evening , I had a form from EECC . I worked over the weekend to adapt the form to this project , and forwarded it to EECC on Monday . I received no response to the revised draft . I have recently heard that the EECC form that I spent worked on is being scrapped , and we are starting over . Is this true ? Kay
As a follow up to my previous e-mail , here is the second request , which was in my opinion adequately addressed by John Schwartzenburg . I am frustrated with beginning the process over again . Kay
Where's Ben's name ?
I NEVER talk to him anymore . I haven't talked to him in TWO weeks ! I usually don't go more than a day or two , at the most .
Good one . Nothing worse than an aimless off site . Renee , Question: Are the GE performance guarantees completely voided by the use of inlet chillers ? The first sentence in the first bullet point concerns me . I'm not sure how the stuff included in the second series of bullet points fits in . Are these changes in scope , suggestions , conditions ? I think we would be better off increasing the length of the change order to include the pertinent stuff , but not attaching the letter as a reference . Thanks , Kay
Do you need the electronic file ? All I sent was the redline .
Hi Randy , Could you fax or email me a copy of the EECC Mou with PB or Riverbay , or whoever . My fax number is 713 304 8716 . Thanks , Kay
Per your voice mail . Kay
Does this mean the LV Co Gen deal has fallen apart , or are there some new LM's in our future ?
Makes sense to me .
Dick , Thanks for your reply . I have since been assured that we will build on what has happened thus far , which is a huge relief to me . If we see forward progress tomorrow we will be all smiles . Again , thanks for your reply . Kay
One thing to put on the list ( which may be there all ready ) is that we want our officers/directors to effectively resign at closing . Another detail ( and note who is getting this email): I've had three instances recently where agreements have been forwarded to the counterparty prior to legal review . As much as I hate to suggest this , it may be best to have the drafts forwarded to Enron Legal before the commercial team receives the docs . Kay
Has Herman seen this or the 1st amendment ?
Please let me talk to Ben . Thanks , Kay
Just use a regular CA ( yes , I changed my mind) , describe as a power generation transaction ( no equipment reference) . Thanks ,
I don't think we need the language , especially since the guarantees won't apply to retrofitting the plant later .
Ben Jacoby is having an offsite Friday at the Hyatt for the East Development group to discuss 2001 . He has asked me ( and I think Roger ) to sit in . I'm planning on attending . I'm sure either or both of you are welcome , although it won't be a problem if you don't attend . Kay
Here's a first stab at the LOI . I just guessed on the attachment . I have a couple of questions: Any thought as to how we get/split money ( other than the obvious up side for us) ? Do we want to work toward a "Project Development Agreement" which will set forth the basis for how we develop projects on a project-by-project basis ? Or do you envision a different next step ? Talk to you soon , Kay
Please call Lee Johnson and tell him that one of our development lawyers , Roger Balog , would like 2 tickets for Friday . I hear Ben wants a ticket for Thursday , but I assume he communicated that to Lee . Thank him for me , but I have my closing dinner tomorrow , and no sitter Friday . Thanks , Kay
Do you mean LITERALLY across the street ? Yikes . That's making it tough to ignore . Steak doesn't really appeal to me . Maybe a Ciro's salad ?
Lee just called , and he is here , so if you haven't called him yet , please don't . Kay
Hi there , Lee doesn't remember getting a fax from me yesterday . Did you get a confirmation back ? It was the same fax that was sent to Pete Thompson . Thanks , Kay
I'll forward the email and you can print and fax . No big deal . Thank you .
Gregg , I think I'm in good shape and can look at what John sent tonight . Ed , just stand by and I'll holler if I need anything . Thanks , Kay
Brian , I didn't get the revised draft . Kay
ok . I thought it was a lot to ask .
Here 'tis:
Hi there , I'm forwarding a draft EPC contract for your review . This form of contract assumes that the equipment will be procurred by the Owner , with the understanding that we have not resolved the issue of the timing of the procurement of the equipment , and how it will be procurred . This is intended to be a discussion draft , and is subject to further Enron review and comment . Thanks , Kay
Karen , It appears to me that revisions were made to this agreement , and the agreement was presented to the counterparty for signature without me being consulted . Perhaps you did email this to me and I can't locate the electonic file . In any event , in the future , please call me on the telephone BEFORE revisions are made to documents and presented to the counterparty . If you can't reach me by phone , send me an explanatory email . Also , please email me redlines against prior drafts . This will faciliate my review . Faxing drafts does not work for me . I will send you the required changes tomorrow . Thank you , Kay
Hi , Things are going just fine here . I'm looking forward to spring - baseball and gardening . I want more weather like last weekend . I was in NYC last week . I managed to get lost walking around Midtown . I know , that's impossible . I was talking on my cell and walking . I walked from Bloomingdale's to somewhere east and slightly north of the theater district . Oh , I should add I was headed to the Omni at 52nd and Madison . When I realized I was walking downhill with only warehouses ahead , it clicked that I was off track . My feet hurt so badly when I got back I could hardly stand it . Are you going to spring training this year ? Gotta get back to work . Thanks for writing . Kay
Scooped me on Ray . I like him . I heard Debbie Chance is transferring to another group , and that Reagan is going to be an originator ( not a developer) .
Here is a draft for your review , and if you think appropriate , distribution to NJR . Please let me know if you want changes made . Kay
Same city , different Westin . This one is on the Riverwalk , the other was near the Hyatt . I like San Antonio for the trip though . Easy ! Busy as usual . Love , Kay
I'm getting hourly updates . I haven't talked to John today . Carlos tell you about the security guard by HR ?
OPPS . I registered twice . I'm just taking up one seat that day ! Kay
Hi . How's it going ? Any more thoughts on tomorrow night ? We could ask your mother to sit for a little while . I think it is pretty neat to get invited to the Enron one . The head of the power trading legal group stopped by and said to let her know if I ever want to change groups . I thought that was nice . I'm contemplating doing something special with Michael over spring break . I figure you guys have lots of "guy only" stuff coming up , but there aren't a lot of "mom/son" opportunities . ( be realistic ) Maybe we should take a Disney cruise , since that's something you wouldn't like to do . Love ,
Could you check out the sitter thing ? We could drop off Michael and take the Enron Field shuttle . I don't need to stay late - I'm sure 2 hours would do it .
Hi John , The enovate version looks fine . I suggest this change to the Peoples version: iv ) is required to be disclosed to comply with any applicable law , order,regulation or ruling or to enforce enovate,s or PMW,s rights in court or in an arbitration proceeding in connection with the Limited Liability CompanyAgreement of envoate dated April 26 , 2000 , as amended , modified , and supplemented from time to time ( the &LLC Agreement8) . If PEC is requested or required ( by oral question , interrogatories , requests for information or documents , subpoena , civil investigative demand or similar process ) to disclose any Confidential Information , PEC will promptly notify ENA of suchrequest or requirement so that ENA may seek an appropriate protective orderor waiver in compliance with provisions of this Agreement . If PEC and ENAare both parties to the proceeding , PEC will agree to an appropriate protective order . Thanks , Kay
John , I think I misspoke ( or miswrote) . The change I suggested would belong in both versions .
Pardon the delay , but I inadvertently left you off the email . Kay
He's going to be at the birthday party or at Matt's . Maybe we should drop him off .
Attached is the form of option agreement for the Schaeffer option which passes muster . The changes are relatively minor , but have significance from an accounting and legal perspective . Kay
Looks good to me .
Hi John , Just opened my email . I have a meeting tomorrow off campus . Next week looks good , though . Any free days ? Kay
Sounds great .
Here's where I'll be tomorrow .
I think it is fine to send it to Lee and Kent .
Chris , Your invoice for December reflects final revisions to the documents through December 20th , so I'm assuming the draft the Schaeffer's signed was done subsequent to anything transmitted on December 13th . However , emailing documents directly to me and calling me on the phone will be a big help . Thanks for your response , Kay
I appreciate the heads up - I'll try to chase down the fax ( it hasn't been delivered yet) . Can you email me the blacklines just in case ? Thanks , Kay
In your presentation today you mentioned an assessment agreement and an interconnection agreement . Roger says he isn't working on it . Who in Legal is handling those docs ? Thanks , Kay
How many times do I have to say EMAIL IT ?
FYI .
Gentlemen , Attached for your review is a draft of the letter of intent . Please let me know if you have any difficulty opening this document . Kay I'm leaving now .
Fred , When you need something for a project , please come to me first ( or whoever might be the appropriate ENA lawyer) . Going directly to the outside lawyer creates problems . For instance , it is Enron policy that we do not pay outside counsel for work not referred to them by an ENA lawyer . Thanks , Kay
I have your rodeo tickets . The total is $114 . Kay
My only advice is to be very specific in their scope . These guys run up bills worse than anyone .
FYI: another instance of work being sent directly to outside counsel . In this case it was an additional assignment related to an ongoing project . Kay
Previous correspondence on the topic of assignment to outside counsel . See 10/10 email from me below .
Hi there , Any comment ? Thanks , Kay
Lee , I've forwarded your email to Eric , and have asked for his response . The changes were his . Thanks , Kay ps Thanks for the invite Friday . We had a great time .
Hi Mark , Here's the latest , incorporating the "arrange for" approach on the EPC and Kay
Good morning , Just checking in . Michael and I had a good morning . No weird outfits today . Figures , since I now have a camera ready to go . So what do you think about the stone thing ? I like the way Bob's front yard looks . I'm not sore today , but then again , I didn't do all that much . Our yard is looking better , though . Hope you are having a good day . Love ,
fyi , we have staff meetings on the first and third Wednesdays , at 130 . The meetings usually last an hour or less .
Did anything get set up ? I'm booked at 200 , but otherwise available . Kay
Please draft a letter to the guy listed in the first email below ( Hartzell at ITM) , using the stuff in Chris' email as the body of the letter . Save under General LOI , and I'll finish the letter . Thanks , Kay
Hi . This is one of my top priorities . I think it looks fine . What do you think ? Kay
FYI . I have jury duty on Wednesday , Feb 14 . Kay
Hopefully you will get some credit for it , also . I just love Lisa . I think she's a ton of fun .
Looks like it is ok to keep the same . How's the GE master form agreement coming along ? When do you think we will have a draft ? Thanks , Kay
FYI . Note that PSEG wants to sign a binding LOI . Carlos and I will discuss how to move forward . Thanks , Kay
Fred , Sounds "do able" . Please contemplate what would be acceptable as "outs" for them and for us . A,lso , will you be getting RAC involved soon since we are contemplating a binding agreement in the near future ? My best guess is that the LOI will be prepared in house , but I will discuss this with Carlos , and we will advise K & S of their role . Thanks , Kay
I sent him an email earlier , and he left me a voice mail back . I'll call him and see what I can find out .
Hi Pete , We want the GE form to be on an individual turbine basis . As for work priorities , I would put it in front of the City of Austin agreement . Thanks , Kay
Sheila , I have jury duty on Wednesday .
How depressing . I really was liking the idea of a Durango . I do think Lisa and Bobby have been pleased with theirs , but maybe they've just been lucky . Mitsubishi isn't attractive to me , but I don't know why . I really can't think of much unless I go back to the idea of the small Lexus . The big one is just too expensive . I don't want a Ford ( that knocks out a lot) , you don't like the 4 Runner , and the Land Cruiser is too expensive also . I don't remember being particularly impressed with either the Yukon or the What else is there ?
Please print . Thanks , Kay
I'm having a set printed . Kay
Maybe we should have the GE call on Thursday , or maybe Friday am .
Poor baby ! At least it is only twice a year , or in her case , this one last time . I think I may take him fishing with my dad and mom in Palacios . He really loves it , and my dad is in declining health , but can still get around . I hate to waste the opportunitty to let them spend time together .
I ate at the Met , so I had a big lunch . Fridge foraging is fine . I would get the stone delivered as early as possible , so that I can pace myself . Bob said he ordered 1700 pounds , if I am remembering correctly . Guess I should go look .
My dad has the same thing as Sheila's mom ( athlersclerosis) . He gets tired easily , and doesn't walk very well . But at least he can still walk ! He's only 70 , but this stuff is progressive . A long future is unlikely . Michael adores his PopPop , and March is a nice time of year on the cost . If I'm there I can do a lot of the hard stuff for my dad , which helps . What kind of vehicle to you have ? I've decided that I need an SUV .
Did you know that one out of every 10 cars and trucks sold in the U.S . is a Lexus or a Toyota ? With the new Highlander , Toyota will easily cement itself as one of the best-selling brands in North America . How can we be so sure ? Because the Highlander represents an optimum blend of three utilitarian types of vehicles: the station wagon , the minivan and the sport-utility vehicle . Based on the same platform as the Lexus RX 300 , which itself is based on modified Toyota Camry mechanicals , Highlander is longer , taller and wider where the wheels meet the pavement than the Lexus . Despite its greater size , the Highlander is lighter than the RX 300 , so acceleration should equal or better its upscale cousin . Braking will likely prove impressive , too . Highlander comes standard with four-wheel disc brakes equipped with electronic brake force distribution ( EBD ) and brake assist ( which maximizes braking power during a panic stop) . Highlander is rated to tow 3,500 pounds , when properly equipped . Helping to meet that specification is the same 3.0-liter V6 that resides under the hood of the RX . Making 220 horsepower at 5,800 rpm and 222 ft-lbs . of torque at 4,400 rpm , the V6 features Variable Valve Timing with intelligence ( VVT-i) . The standard engine , also using VVT-i to maximize power and efficiency , is a 2.4-liter inline four making 155 ponies and 163 ft-lbs . of twist . The four-speed automatic transmission provides a "snow mode" for easy starts on slippery surfaces . With 7.3 inches of ground clearance ( 6.9 on front-wheel drivers ) and a fully independent suspension front and rear , Highlander isn't designed to tackle tough terrain . But it'll work great during heavy snowfalls . Toyota's Vehicle Skid Control ( VSC ) system , which includes traction control , is optional , and is designed to recognize when the Highlander isn't responding to the driver's steering inputs . VSC will then apply selective braking to bring the truck ( car? ) back under control . In the event it fails ( not likely , but possible) , Highlander protects occupants with whiplash injury lessening ( WIL ) front seats , five three-point seatbelts equipped with automatic and emergency locking retractors ( ALR/ELR) , front seatbelts with pre-tensioners and force limiters and ISO-FIX child seat anchors . Daytime running lights and side airbags are optional . Inside , Highlander delivers 38.5 cubic feet of cargo space with the rear 60/40 split folding seat in use , and a whopping 81.4 cubes when it's folded . Air conditioning , CD/cassette combo stereo with six speakers , cruise control , tilt steering wheel , bottle holders , and grocery bag hooks are standard . Opting for Limited trim gives you JBL sound , automatic climate control , remote keyless entry , woodgrain interior trim , alloy wheels with full-size spare , fog lights , privacy glass and other upgraded features . Leather upholstery is available on V6 models . Toyota is planning to sell 70,000 Highlanders in calendar year 2001 . We'll bet demand outstrips supply .
Thank you . I really liked Don .
? EDMUNDS' REVIEW Nissan's hardy Pathfinder has always been our vehicle of choice for seeking a new path to the premium outlet center . Though the exterior may exude that tough-guy outdoorsy image , the interior has always been comfortable enough for the dilettante woodsman who doesn't like to get his nails too dirty . Though the old 3.3-liter V6 engine provided acceptable levels of low-end grunt , the coarsely produced 170 horsepower it made was meager when stacked against newer competitors . So revel , all you who seek liberation from urban ennui -- the Pathfinder is finally energized by a stouter V6 , based on the Maxima sedan's stellar powerplant . When mated to a five-speed manual transmission , the 3.5-liter , DOHC V6 engine produces a mighty 250 horsepower and 240 foot-pounds of torque . Matching it to an automatic tranny will usurp 10 ponies but add 25 foot-pounds of twist , still ample power to haul plenty of equipment and go mountain climbing , as well as merge onto freeways without fear . The Pathfinder comes with rear-wheel or part-time four-wheel drive , the latter of which provides a shift-on-the-fly transfer case that can be engaged at speeds up to 50 mph . On LE models , an automatic All-Mode four-wheel-drive system can be specified for 2001 , giving you one more reason to skip paying the extra tariff the Infiniti QX4 commands . All-Mode operates in 2WD , automatic 4WD , 4WD-Hi and 4WD-Lo , all selected using a simple rotary knob on the dashboard . We've long admired the Pathfinder for its excellent ride and handling , further enhanced by solid unibody construction . The interior , one of the friendliest of any SUV on the market , is spruced up for 2001 with an updated instrument panel . A new dual level center console with a padded armrest and 12-volt power source will organize all your gewgaws . You can choose from three trim levels -- the XE , which for the 2001 model year comes with standard power windows , mirrors and locks , and a security system; the sporty SE , which gives you a choice of automatic or manual transmission along with sporty trim; and the top-of-the-line LE , which includes fog lights , Bose audio system , and fake wood accents . All models come standard with 16-inch wheels , full-size spare tire , a CD player and ABS . Side airbags can be ordered as long as they are contained in leather-wrapped seating , which is available only on SE and LE . Those same models , when power is transferred to the drive wheels via an automatic transmission , can be equipped with a mobile entertainment system , which includes a 6.4-inch flip-down LCD screen , video player , and ports to plug and play a PlayStation 2 ( And we all know how important that will be after Christmas , don't we?) . A "Birdview" navigation system , shared with the Infiniti QX4 , is also available , but we don't recommend it . While the "Birdview" perspective is interesting , teensy , tiny , little , itty-bitty buttons control the thing , along with some of the climate control functions . Get a map . Items that remain static from last year include a substantial maximum cargo carrying capacity of 85 cubic feet ( surprising for what appears to be a relatively small vehicle) . Some of this space , in our humble opinion , should have been used to alleviate the still-cramped rear accommodations . Despite a few quibbles , we're thrilled that Nissan finally rectified the Pathfinder's main problem -- horsepower . With this updated , competitive package , we're betting fat rebates and dealer incentives have gone the way of the Dodo .
Here are the AES documents .
Did I miss anything ?
This might be really helpful .
I had a nice trip in . I tried a slightly different route , and it was uneventful . Kinda slick , though . How much does it cost to mail a letter now ? Is is $.34 ? Of course I have a bunch of 33 cent stamps . I have no clue how much rock that would be . I should measure the length of the beds , then I could compute how much to get , at least sort of . There's some grass to be dug up also . I think I will start with the Advil today !
I've been researching the Pathfinder today . Nissan has a pretty good website . I like the little videoscreen - how's that for a toy ? I'll go back and look at the Toyota .
Please call John Keffer and re-schedule Thursday's lunch - two meeting have come up . Friday is good for me .
The posted number was a mistake .
I'm going !
Hi Randy , Here's what you missed . My personal preference is to not spend the money to check out the licensing issues at this point since I don't have the outside counsel doing anything now . When John called me last week and asked the question I gave him that opinion , and I had assumed that it had been communicated to you . Sorry about that ! Kay
John and Randy , I got a call from Bob Sevitz regarding a change I made to the EECC revisions to the Co Op City EPC contract . Specifically , I deleted language he had added to the waiver of consequential damages . Bob had added a provision that said that the waiver was "subject to" the indemnification section of the contract . I felt this was too broad of a carve out , especially from the contractor's point of view . Any tweaking of the indemnity language ( to blatantly reconcile it with the waiver ) can occur during the drafting process . Just wanted to pass this along . Kay
Hi . Lisa ( Mellencamp ) and Chuck are getting married , date unknown . He has given up his apartment and has moved in . That makes 6 teenage girls under one roof , although 3 of them are there every other weekend . I really like both of them , so I think this is nifty . Kay
I want to go to this on Thursday . I rsvp'd myself .
Hi Charlotte , What's your preference today ? I can either meet you at our house , or pick up Michael at your place . Kay
This looks good to me . We'll track down Janet if that is ok with you . Kay
Yes . At least now I don't also have lunch with John !
As far as I know it is fine .
Do you want to include Mike Sandridge also ? Kathleen ? I'm happy to volunteer my assistant , Suzanne , to help with the logistics , restaurant suggestions , keeping track of rsvp's . Kay
I'm all for that . I may take him out very early to look at the tractors . Oh , yeah , that's right.... .
Hi Sharon , Michael will pass on next week's appointment . He and I have the day off together , so I'm making some special rodeo plans . His winter report from his teachers was good . He is meeting or exceeding expectations in all categories . We recently visited at school and watched him for about an hour , and he was attending very well , sitting still ( well , relative to the other kids) , following instructions , raising his hand to be called upon , etc . You should have heard him speak Spanish - it was so cute . We visited in the am , and I haven't seen him in the afternoon without meds . The class schedule hasn't required an afternoon dose as of yet . Hope all is well with you . Kay
Hi Tana , A little birdie tells me that you have a supply of the Energy & Power Risk Management Glossary booklets . Am I getting close ? I've found it to be very helpful , and I think it would help one of our new lawyers , Carlos Sole . Could I get a copy for him ? Any other good power references ? Thanks , Kay
Good afternoon , I'm forwarding a revised development agreement term sheet , showing revisions from your original version . We look forward to seeing you soon . Thanks , Kay
I don't know the dynamic between the Intergen team and Team Coral . Assuming there's no bad blood , I don't suppose it would hurt . I just don't know enough about the situation . I have jury duty today , by the way . Kay
Thanks for agreeing to help . Please call Ben Jacoby to get things going . Kay
You might find Stephanie and ask for a copy . This is a very nifty reference tool .
Hi Mark , I don't know what these folks are up to . In fact , I didn't know that Scott Laidlaw was involved . When I spoke with EECC I told them that they needed to get direction from you , someone from Mike Coleman's group , or an ENA developer . Any word from the Co Op/PB team ? I have jury duty in just a little while , so I'll be out of touch for a short while . Kay
Please calendar . I don't know if I'm going to be out of town .
Anything for the grocery list , my sweetie pie ?
Hi Steve , Here's what NJR received . Kay
I thought you might enjoy this . You should have seen Michael's eyes while he was riding in that Mercedes convertible yesterday . He was speechless , and you know how rare that is ! I suspect we will be hearing about it now.. . Kay
We had a good time . I always enjoy Ozzie and Heather . Carlos joined us , too . Ozzie has a new Mercedes convertible , and he drove me to Michael's babysitter to pick him up . Michael's eyes were the size of saucers !
must be for real
Let's discuss .
Rusty , I will get with Kathleen and we will prepare on a form . However , you will need to provide one of us with the details on a case-by-case basis , so that we ( Kathleen ) can generate the CA's and track them in the legal department database . If we have the following information , a CA can typically be generated on a same day basis: name , address of counterparty , including name of contact person type of deal contemplated what type of information is being provided whether both parties are providing information whether exclusivity/non-circumvention provisions are desired Thanks , Kay
Thank you . I appreciate it .
Sounds like a good approach to me .
1 . Remedies , Jurisdiction , Arbitration and Governing Law . Money damages would not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of this Agreement by Optionor , and the Optionee shall be entitled to specific performance and injunctive relief as remedies upon proof of any such breach . Such remedies shall not be deemed to be the exclusive remedies for a breach of this Agreement by Optionor or any of its Representatives but shall be in addition to all other remedies available at law or in equity to the Optionee . Excepting the right of Optionee to seek such relief , all claims and matters in question arising out of this Agreement or the relationship between the parties created by this Agreement , whether sounding in contract , tort or otherwise , shall be resolved by binding arbitration pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act . The arbitration shall be administered by the American Arbitration Association ( "AAA") . There shall be three arbitrators . Each party shall designate an arbitrator , who need not be neutral , within 30 days of receiving notification of the filing with the AAA of a demand for arbitration . The two arbitrators so designated shall elect a third arbitrator . If either party fails to designate an arbitrator within the time specified or the two parties' arbitrators fail to designate a third arbitrator within 30 days of their appointments , the third arbitrator shall be appointed by the AAA . It is expressly agreed that the arbitrators shall have no authority to award punitive or exemplary damages , the parties hereby waiving their right , if any , to recover punitive or exemplary damages , either in arbitration or in litigation . The place of the arbitration shall be New York , New York .
I set up a directory called "Confidentiality Agreements" and put a form in there based on what KC sent me . I'm so proud of myself .
Yes .
Choice of law doesn't impact place of arbitration . We just need a starting position.. .
Hi Pete , Here's some language to be included in the form contract . Thanks , Kay
More for the contract.. .
Hi there , On the options we should delete the reference to the Federal Arbitration Act , so that the sentence with that reference ends with "binding arbitration" . I changed it on the confidentiality agreement , but missed it here . Carlos caught it . Kay
One of us can .
Carlos tells me that he has had difficulty forwarding emails , so I'm sending this along . Kay
Hi John , I haven't been able to find you number . I wanted to discuss the confidentiality agreements , and whether you envision that other confidentiality agreements may be necessary or required . Thanks , Kay
Hi Gregg , I've sent John an email ( didn't have his number) . If you have it I will follow up with a phone call . I was out yesterday ( jury duty called ) and Janet was out-of-pocket this afternoon . I'll try to track her down tomorrow . I will forward the finance agreement to a finance lawyer and tax , and will send you a copy so you'll know who is in the loop . Kay
As you know , Enron and Peoples jointly own enovate . Our group in Chicago is looking to manage some funds which belong to enovate . We had initially envisioned having a cash management policy which would outline how Enron would invest the funds , etc . The other owner of enovate , Peoples , has proposed that we use the attached document in connection with this arrrangement . This is taking me a little far afield of my area of expertise , so I'm writing you guys for input , direction , etc . Suggestions ? Gregg do you want to correct any of what I wrote ? Kay
Gentlemen , I think we also need to be certain that we have a decent amount of discretion in whether we close , otherwise we have to consider the DASH process at this time . Kay
Hot off the presses . I'm looking at it now .
Hi . My meetings in Florida are scheduled for Feb 28 , March 1 and March 2 . I do not know when I will be leaving , but if there is a way to leave on the morning of the 28th , I will do so . More details to follow ! Kay
Steve , My best days are: Kay
I worked out for the first time in a bizillion years . Oh my gosh . At least I know how to work out , and I know not to take it to the limit the first time out , but it is still hard to move . I didn't exercise my legs or my back much , figuring that's what I'll need most this weekend for yard work . I think I saw our neighbor Kim playing basketball . I took an abs class , since I need to get my abs ( and back ) in shape to protect myself from injury . I could really mess myself up after such a long hiatus ! The Met was plenty convenient . They have a spa there now , with all the spa stuff .
No can do . Thanks anyway .
So when are you leaving today ?
Talk to you when you get back .
Pete , These comments are from our Finance group . These are FYI at this time; further discussions to follow . Kay
Hi ! I was off work yesterday , so I just got your email . You gotta love President's Day . We went to the rodeo last night , and I'm really tired today . I'm too old to go out on a school night ! Mom said that the dr wants to do a sonogram on Dad's neck to check out the blockage . When I talked to her they didn't know when it would be scheduled . Evidently there is some unclogging procedure they can do . Sounds dangerous to me , but I don't really know anything about it . Too bad about Katie's asthma . I was worried that Paige has it , but she went through a bunch of tests and they said she doesn't have it . Just really bad allergies that make her wheeze . I'm not sure of the difference , but I believe this dr . Michael still isn't interested in playing team sports . We asked this spring and he said not yet . I don't know why he doesn't want to play , but I don't want to push him either . Maybe I should take him to watch some little kids play . Maybe we can come watch Annie play . Neil's rodeo stuff will be over next week . Everything else is business as usual around here . Say "hey" to everyone . Love , Kay
I think it can be accomplished so long as we have no obligation to agree to any particular terms in the definitive docs . I don't see why we would need to DASH exclusivity . See you soon , Kay
Barbara , Here's the latest word I have on the meeting , which sets it for tomorrow . Is there something later which sets it for today ? Thanks , Kay
Hi Shirley , Is this meeting still set for tomorrow ? I heard a rumor that it had been changed again , but I don't know if it is correct . Kay
No problem . I appreciate the help in trying to keep track of it . Kay
Bronco is on the sofa upstairs .
Just a reminder .
I think Tuesday , 2/27 , looks good .
Hey there , I'm going to try very hard to make it to Dick's farewell party . Who did the invitations ? It is so clever . Kay
This has sound.. .
Hmmm . Very interesting . I doubt AIG thinks of itself as being in the middle .
Pop quiz to follow.. .
Hi there , Could you send me three brochures ? I'm working on getting a couple of friends together for a 2-3 night retreat to LAS . Please send the info to Kay Mann , 29 Inverness Park Way , Houston , Texas , 77055 . Thanks , Kay
Hey , at least you can sew.. .
Speaking of tennis , Michael asked Neil if he can teach him how to play . Neil said no , since he doesn't know how . I told him I can play , and now Michael thinks I should play with him , then he will teach Neil . Very elaborate plan ! Remember how we used to hit tennis balls against the house ? Can you believe we never broke a window ? We have a detached garage , but the door is metal . I can't imagine how loud that would be ! I remember trying to encourage Paige to swim , bike , whatever . Pushing NEVER helped . She can swim and ride , so I guess it worked out ok . She never showed any interest in playing on a sports team , even though she used to go to my softball games . Whatever . Time to go home ! Love , Kay
Congratulations on your promotions , which demonstrate that ethical standards ( coupled with stubborness ) deserve to be rewarded ! Kay
Hi Pete , Here are some comments from GE re confidentiality . Please hang on to the comments pending further direction . If you are available today for the conference call , it might be helpful for you to listen in for a while . If you have a conflict , don't worry about it . Thanks , Kay
I haven't worked with any workout folks . Do you know Lisa Mellencamp ( in ENA Legal) ? She isn't in that area any more , but she used to be . She might know the players . Kay
As I mentioned to Scott , we are engaged in active discussions with PB ( on behalf of Co Op City ) concerning whether Enron will have any role in the EPC activities . In light of those discussions , I suggest that the meeting scheduled for today be postponed until after Mark and I speak with PB tomorrow afternoon . I discussed this with Mark , and he is fine with postponing the meeting . Thanks , Kay Shelby Malkemes
Hi there , I'm thinking of working out after work - hopefully kind of early . Ok with you ? I should still be home before 730 . Michael took Bronco to school . I'm sure he will have him at the CC . Kay
Well , I told Michael that Bronco could ride in the wagon , so I guess he needs a wagon big enough for Bronco !
I have a new pager , and although I'm not positive I will keep it long term , here's the info: To call by phone and enter a page: 888 710 7935 To send an email message: 8887107935@pagenetmessage.net I'm still trying to figure it out... .
I now have a pager . My number is 888 710 7935 . You can also send me an email at 8887107935@pagenetmessage.net . Kay
Alas I've been caught . I am working on a CRRA deal re fuel cells .
You may have seen this.. .
very interesting !
Mercury's Mountaineer debuted several years ago as an upscale version of the best-selling Ford Explorer sport-utility vehicle . The problem was , Ford's Explorer could be just as luxurious as the Mountaineer and , in some cases , was even more expensive . For 2002 , Mercury has attempted to further distinguish their sport-ute from the popular Explorer . The result is a fine SUV , with improved handling characteristics and generous feature content . This near-luxury sport-ute comes with either a 4.0-liter V6 making 210 horsepower or a 4.6-liter V8 pumping out 240 ponies . Both engines come mated to a five-speed automatic transmission . The new V8 offers copious and refined power delivery , but unimpressive mileage numbers . Mountaineer has been redesigned inside and out , and the results are pleasing . Now easily distinguishable from the Explorer from the A-pillars forward , its "New Edge" theme makes use of a satin-finish grille and bold headlamps . Meanwhile , the interior gets satin-aluminum trim accents , lending a distinctive , high-tech flavor to this former Explorer clone . Improvements to the Mountaineer are much more than cosmetic , however . An all-new independent rear suspension featuring a unique porthole-in-frame design debuts this year . This setup allows the rear floor to drop 7 inches - thereby making room for a third-row seat - while increasing ground clearance to 9.2 inches . At the same time , ride and handling have been dramatically improved . The Mountaineer now feels more stable on the road and exhibits flatter cornering characteristics . A 2.5-inch wider stance improves handling even more , while increasing interior room . Noise , vibration and harshness ( NVH ) have also been improved in the 2002 Mountaineer . A 50-percent reduction of air leakage into the truck's cabin and a refined automatic transmission make for a more serene driving environment , although some vibration from the available all-wheel-drive system does intrude through the floor . New convenience features in the Mountaineer include a standard six-way power adjustable driver's seat , along with optional adjustable pedals , heated front seats and heated exterior mirrors . Among the Mountaineer's new safety features are optional side curtain airbags , a stiffer body shell and a lower front bumper for improved crash compatibility with other vehicles . Later in the model year , rollover protection sensors , and a new AdvanceTrac traction/stability control system will also be available . The Mountaineer's strengths lie in its feature content , powerful engine choices and improved rear suspension . There are plenty of SUVs on the market , but if you want an Explorer , yet can't stomach the thought of owning the golden retriever of sport-utility vehicles , the Mountaineer just might float your boat .
Hi there , Does anyone have a Finance/Accounting blessed professional services agreement ? Thanks , Kay
I'm worrying again about summer . Maybe we should check out the Y on Voss to see what they have , if anything . What do you think ?
I know I will be hearing from Gregg about this soon . Any progress ? Thanks , Kay
Here's the CA you requested . Kay
Mr . Sorte , Michael Brown and Janelle Schueur have requested that I forward this confidentiality agreement to your attention . Regards , Kay Mann
My opinion is that there is that the letter agreement is not ready to be sent out , and won't be for a day or two . It can't be sent out until the CA is returned to you signed .
Hi Carolyn , Is this the most current version ? Thanks , Kay
The form we have has this as the first paragraph , which is different from the form attached . Could you conform the NW one to the form ? Enron North America Corp . ( &ENA8 or the "Protected Party" ) is prepared to furnish [__________________] ( &*8 or the "Receiving Party" ) with certain information which is either confidential , proprietary or otherwise not generally available to the public in connection with: ( i ) the potential salof one or more of the Protected Party's power plant development projects and/or one of more of the special purpose companies which own such projectsin [states] , ( collectively , the &Projects8 ) for purposes of evaluating one or more transactions between Protected Party and * involving the Projects(collectively , the &Proposed Transaction8) .
No biggie , and understandable . When we sell the equipment we structure itlike we did on the CA deal - we sell the special purpose companies that wilown the equipment at the time of sale .
Sorry , I lost track of the versions . Here are my two questions/comments: What are we gaining or losing by putting a drop dead date of March 2004 ? On 2.11 , I think relinquishing them from "damage" is broader than it needs to be , since the contract language is "risk of loss" . However , if the deal is that they are off the hook for cosmetic deterioration during storage , I think that can be addressed specifically in the change order . Kay
Well , maybe it makes more sense to write it like this: ( see below )
Hi Karen , Sorry I haven't sent the notice . Brain cramp or something . When are you here next week ? Kay
In fact those are the only two days I'm around ! Hope to see you . I'm in
Hi Steve , I wanted to send this to you before I send it out to others , since I feel like there were changes we had discussed that somehow didn't make in the last draft . Guess you can say this is a sanity check ! If it looks good to you , then I will send it out , unless you prefer to make distribution . Kay
Bob , My husband and I will continue to keep Michael in our prayers . By the way , I really appreciate your updates . I'm eligible to give blood again , so let me know when Michael needs more donations . Kay
Good afternoon , I'm attaching for your review a revised LOI . Thanks , Kay
Hi Rusty , Since Carlos is working on the Pontiac and Plano sale , I'm going to forward this to him for his handling . That way things will stay better organized . Thanks , Kay
Is the promissory note structure still necessary , given the increase in theHSR threshhold ?
My memory has failed me once again !
FYI . We are staying at the Marriott Sawgrass , or something like that .
I will be in Jacksonville Florida this week negotiating a transaction with New Jersey Natural Gas . It is a project development deal utilizing fuel cells . The commercial lead is Jeff Ader . I will leave tomorrow afternoon , returning on Friday afternoon . Kay
The dynasty begins... .
I have a PSA which needs to be made 97-10/TurboPark compliant . Could you work on it ? I'll bring it around . Thanks , Kay
Hi Carlos , Here's the PSA I mentioned . Kay
hotel info included at the bottom
I think the pager is just too cool . I don't think Mark has talked to Jeff or Barbara about the move . Kinda awkward !
No idea . Whenever he gets around to it , I guess .
Sheila , If you are working on this I think it makes more sense for you to have Ed handle the CA . I don't want to get in the middle . Thanks , Kay
Fred , Dale Rasmussen has been handling the breakout contracts for the LV CoGen project , and I think the form is in good shape . However , the breakout contract is for all the LV Co Gen units , but that is easy enough to fix . Does GE know this is coming ? What are you projecting for a closing date ? We need the unit numbers ( original and serial) , associated delivery dates , price attributable to the units ( maximum liability amount) , price to sell the LLC member interests , and the contact persons from Panda for the contract . Will there be a development fee , and if so , how much ? If you get me the particulars of the deal we can work on it in house . We have the forms , so we can get cracking without outside counsel . In fact , I've been working on the form letter agreement today in connection with the other deal . Retaining outside counsel requires internal approval , which I'm sure we can get in the next day or two , assuming no conflict of interest . I can get started on the process if you are ready . If you think these guys are serious , we can set up the LLC's . We may want two LLC's if the total price is in excess of $50mm . Kathleen , please talk to me before we do this as I think we should discuss the slate of officers . Kay
I'll get Kathleen to do it , as she has my current favorite form . Thanks anyway . Kay
Please get with Fred to get something working . Thanks ,
Hi Pete , Can you send me the most recent version of the LV Co Gen facility agreement ? Also , in a separate email could you send me the C of A ? I want to make sure I have the latest , greatest of each . Thanks , Kay
Fred , Do you have the names/addresses of the interested counterparties ? It saves time to do all at once . Thanks , Kay
Hi , Has Reggie made any progress on the short file cabinets ? Thanks , Kay
Sounds good .
Hi Chauncey , Are either of the restaurants very formal ? I want to make sure I bring the right clothes . Thanks , Kay
Here's a new deal for you . I've got two follow on deals for K & S , so this one might be a good one to use someone else , if you need and want to . ( I hear the rustling of the pines.. ) Clear outside counsel selections with Jeff , then Mark , etc . Kay
Hi there , Did you come up with a "form" llc agreement in conjunction with the form letter agreement , or is the Coral LLC agreement the latest thing ? Thanks , Kay
Here are my car questions: How much would a tricked out Sequoia cost if ordered from the manufacturer ? Is there a 2000 Escalade available with the cargo doors ? I think I probably want to drive each one more time . Off to a meeting... .
Feast or famine !
If you are available I think it would be a good idea . No big deal if you can't .
Well , I just don't know what to tell you . If nothing else I think the ball was punted to the east . Kay
Maybe this is more like rugby . I passing the ball to Carlos , who will get with you and Kathleen to figure out what's what .
I set it as my new wallpaper . The file was too big - SU wouldn't let it come in .
Southwestern University .
I've just learned that this is a "West" deal for the sale of the LV Co Gen units . This deal was described as being the same as the Intergen deal . King & Spalding helped me on that one , and when I thought this was an East deal I contacted Keffer for a conflicts check ( there is none) . I haven't gone to Mark with it yet , though . We have forms , etc for this , and I'm happy to provide whatever support I can . Please advise as to how you would like to proceed . Kay
more information
Thank you . This is very helpful .
Please print and fax the redlined version to me at the hotel . Thanks , Kay ps I'm in room 706
Here's another document I need to have faxed to me: Thanks , Kay
Hi . Please let me know how you would like to proceed . Kay
Charlotte , Great story ! Neil is at the Astrodome now . You might be able to reach him on his cell or by pager . If I hear from him I will have him give you a call . I'm in Florida , and looking out my window I saw an alligator swim by . Wouldn't Michael go crazy ? Bye , Kay
I haven't heard back from Dale . Sheila and I have swapped voice mails . Kay
Westinghouse has agreed that LJM doesn't need to sign it . I sent SW a letter confirming that agreement . Lynn tells me that they should sign it soon . Otherwise , the agreement is fully executed .
Lynn Dekrey is the guy Mitch negotiated the deal with . Lynn left me a message on Monday and said he didn't see a problem , but he didn't give me a day we could expect the letter . I would expect it this week .
Gentlemen , Does the Mississippi constitution impact the issue ? The munies are specifically citing Section 100 of the Mississippi constitution , and have faxed me an opinion of the Mississippi AG interpreting this section . If you will email me your fax number I will fax it to you . Kay
Here's the revised form for the Blue Dog equipment: Kay
Hi Carolyn , Could you check this and see if I did anything stupid with the revisions: Thanks , Kay
Sorry for the delay . I ran into some complications . I left it "in blank" so we can fill in the commercial specifics depending on the purchaser , etc . Kay
I did write it for them , and sent it to Lynn . We are waiting for them to sign it and send it back . Kay Enron North America Corp .
Here is the form of LLC agreement we used for the Intergen deal , tweaked a bit for lessons learned . I will forward the updated letter agreement which has been improved also . It relates to the Blue Dog turbines , so some of the defined terms are different . I will also forward the Intergen docs so you can see some of the definitions , etc . One thing which wasn't addressed in the Intergen deal was the potential HSR issue ( there wasn't one ) which arises when the put or call option is exercised . I also have the TurboPark docs , which I can forward when it gets closer . I don't know if I have the electronic versions of the other closing docs . Kay
See my previous email .
I don't know if this was the final one.. .
We had to amend the agreements to give us more time . The new version I sent you fixed that .
As I mentioned , I think the "new and improved" versions are better starting points , but here's what we used . I don't recall whether the concept of a development fee has been vetted with the accountants , as it wasn't applicable to the Intergen deal . Kay
I've sent Sheila and Dale electronic copies of the documents .
Hi there , Please look this over , spell check , print and fax two copies to me , as we will be signing this doc this afternoon . Ciao , Kay
Anyone know any good lawyers in Mississippi , or any lawyers knowledgeable about Mississippi law ? Power background would be nice , but I know that may be too much to ask . Thanks , Kay
Stuart , If you need a copy of the executed Westinghouse letter , you can find the original on my desk , I believe on the left hand corner ( looking out) . The letter we are waiting for is merely an acknowledgement that LJM doesn't need to sign . I think getting the letter is probably belts and suspenders , but I requested it anyway . Kay
Yes .
Just let me know when you get bored.. .
Thank you for your helpful comments . Good points . On the timing issue , we still have the time sensitivity , but I hate to give it a precise day . Maybe the way to address that is within 10 BD's , as mutually agreed . I don't have the doc in front of me ( I'm in Florida) , but I thought it said ENA was taking responsibility for increases in the Purchase Amount as it exists the date of closing . I'll check . I agree with deleting CO definition . It doesn't add anything . Again , thanks . Kay
Greg , I've read the opinion and agree with your summary of it . However , it doesn't answer the question for me as to whether a Mississippi court would uphold such a clause , or how other contracting parties have dealt with the issue . Due to the importance of the issue I will consult with a Mississippi firm to get a handle on the question . Thanks for your help , Kay
I'm so ready .
Travel plans for Monday .
Hi Leatha , Neil and I went to D Taylor and looked at an Escalade . We liked it , however , we want to price it with a couple of extra features . I like the extra wood package , and Neil likes it with the gold trim package . When we asked for a price , it added around $1700 , which I thought was ridiculous . They offered to discount it by $200 , which I again thought was ridiculous . When we priced these options at McGinniss , the price was less ( $600 for the wood package instead of $995 , for instance) , and they offered to discount the options by a third . So , we can get the deal done if they will get reasonable over these options . The sales guy ( Nathaniel ) was going to "work on it" . The fellow you had told us to ask for wasn't in , by the way . I will be out of town on Monday , but Neil will be in , and will have my Lexus . Thanks , Kay
Rosco was in for his shots today . On Feb 3 he weighed 14.6 lbs . He now weighs 27 lbs . His paws look too big and his head is too small . What an adventure !
Please find his contact information for me . Thanks , Kay
Ben , What are these folks supposed to do for Enron ? I had heard a rumor that we were looking to hire someone to lobby for us on a success fee basis . Is this the same deal ? I know on the international side there were hoops to jump through before such an engagement could be signed off on . I'll have to check to see what the drill is on this side of the street . Kay
latest on my system , but I'll check .
Hi Cindy , Would it be possible to block some rooms for a couple of weeks while people make their reservations ? I'm thinking maybe ten rooms for May 4 , 5 , and 6 , out on the 7th ? I would like it best if the individuals could call you directly to make the reservation . How does that work for you ? Thanks , Kay
This is the one I get to go to , right ?
I'll check . Thanks for the help . Kay
fyi . Comment ?
Have you checked this out ?
I have a staff meeting and will be unable to join . I do plan to be on Friday's call . Kay
I had to cancel due to my travel schedule . I have a staff meeting every first and third Wednesday , which I've told Sheila about . On those weeks I'll miss the call . Ta ta , Kay
Many thanks !
That is very cool . Rosco has gone from 14 pounds to 27 pounds in one month . That's a half a pound a day .
Great trip back . I spent yesterday in Clarksdale Mississippi . Don't make a point of spending your vacation there ! Can you email me Glenn's info so I can send him the hard copy ? I enjoyed our time together , and look forward to more adventures . Kay
Hi Marchris , I'm in ENA Legal , and I'm looking for the right person to discuss this with . Christi Nicholay suggested I get you involved . Please give me a call at 713 345 7566 to discuss . Thanks , Kay
They haven't signed the other ones . We moved the equipment straight out of TurboPark and into the llc , then on the same day sold down the equity of the Please call to discuss at your convenience . Thanks , Kay
Here are my responses: 1 . Development fee is a commercial question . This will need to be vetted with Herman if we go with it . Personally , I'd skip it and push to sign next week . 2 . I have a call in to Dale . 3 . No LLC . Kathleen will handle . The closer the creation is to the signing of the letter , the better , taking into account the time required to get the docs back and set up . Someone needs to name it . We should also look at a minimal list of officers . 4 . I don't have the attachment in front of me , so I will have to look it up . I'll get back to you . The concept is that ENA is only responsible for changes in the amounts owed to GE as of the closing date . I thought the language was awkward , and tried to make it more clear , but obviously failed ! As soon as I get the break out contract from Dale we can check on the definitional questions . It SHOULD be the same as in the CA breakout contract with GE , but I won't make that assumption . Drop dead date on put/call Dec . 5 . This needs to be discussed with Ben . 6 . This should be set up as a new matter , since these aren't the Blue Dog turbines . You can send the bill to Sheila with a copy to me . I'll open the doc and take a look at it asap . Kay
Re; enovate/Peoples
I heard a rumor that you have TurboPark closing docs . Could I get a copy ? Thanks , Kay
1988 Jeep Cherokee Laredo , good condition , 4WD , A/C , automatic windows and locks , cruise control , 100,000+miles , will take $2000 . Please call Jonathan at 713-853-7910 .
This is who Sheila suggested . The deal I'm working on is an asset management/control area services transaction . It will be an odd one , so I'm not expecting someone to have specific expertise . I need help on the general contracting under Miss law stuff , especially since there are some quirks involved . Your input would be appreciated . Thanks , Kay
You know so much!!!! !
I guess someone thought of this again . I'll wait to see what Ben says . This is when I'm out of town , which is fine by me . Kay
Obviously this is going complicate ( and increase the cost ) of the transaction . Is there any way to push back on this ? We will now need four break out contracts , four sets of every other document , 4 sets of assigning docs out of TurboPark , etc... . Not hard to do , but a challenge to do on your time frame . Kay
Chris , Please come see Carlos and I about the transaction . Kay
Hi Pete , Would it be possible for you to be in Houston this Friday morning for the GE meeting ? It would be great to meet you in person , and have you participate . What is your availability ? Kay
A treat for you.. .
An exhibit.. .
loan amount term ( maximum ) fixed rate ( apr ) To 100% of Purchase Price 36 Months 48 Months 60 Months New auto only 72 Months To 90% of Purchase Price 36 Months 48 Months 60 Months New auto only 72 Months
I have a couple of questions . Do your numbers assume $7500 down ( in addition to the tax etc) , and is the term 36 months or 48 ? Both time frames are mentioned in your explanation . Have we heard anything on the remarketing of my Lexus ? Does the cost include the tax trade on the Lexus ? Thanks for your help , Kay
Carolyn , I believe the commercial operations terminology is appropriate , not takeover . Please verify with the LV CoGen documents which I forwarded just a few moments ago . The changes I made to the definitions in the prototype letter were a result of the fact that the Blue Dog contract with GE uses slightly different terminology than the LM 6000 contracts . We need to revert to the appropriate underlying contract . Thanks , Kay
It is an hour and a half west of Memphis . No where . You can smell the meat processing plant . Hey , you would probably like that !
900 central , so you should be in decent shape . Kay
Jeff , Are you up-to-speed on this one ? Kay
This was supposed to be to Jeff and Barbara , but the phone rang . I can't recall who knows what . Kay
I hadn't heard the 2 1/2 hour deal , but then again , I wasn't on the call . I'll check on pushing the meeting back to 930 to give you a chance to get downtown before it starts . Sheila , what do you think ? Kay
Please call Jake Thomas and Steve Thome in Portland and see if we can have a conference call at 500 Houston time . Thanks , Kay
Hi Carolyn , In addition to my comments regarding the definitions , here are some other thoughts: Letter agreement: I would bracket [Spawn] , since we don't have it formed yet and we probably haven't checked on availability . 2 . Closing date should be at least five but no more than 10 business days . 2 ( a ) Facility Agreement is probably the more appropriate concept than Turbine Contract . Not a big issue if anyone disagrees with this terminology . 3 . Make the guaranty for this agreement and the LLC agreement . 7 ( b ) does this make sense ? Should we also have the right to specific performance ? 9 . ( iii ) consents won't necessarily be obtained at the time of the signing of the letter agreement . Should say by closing such will have been obtained . I haven't done a reg evaluation , so I would delete the reg rep unless you are comfortable . I want the HSR risk to be with them , so I don't want to contradict it with the rep . I'll review the LLC agreement next . Kay
Good . I hadn't heard back from them .
Hi Sheila , I don't recall seeing a bill from Bracewell on the VECPCO deal . Did you ever see one come in ? Thanks , Kay
In case I forget to mention it , when the next round of Panda docs are ready , you might want to send them to Herman and Matt . Thanks , Kay
Cindy , How long would we have until we need to release the rooms to avoid the charge ? I think your suggestion will work . Kay
We will be in Bay City on Saturday , but I don't know if it will be overnight . Mom
Ben and I can make it . Kay
I'll be available , and will let you know how it goes . Kay
Before you send out the next draft we need to talk briefly .
Please put on my schedule .
Dale , Has GE initialled all the pages of the break out contract ? If so , it would be very helpful if you could ship me the originals . That way , we only have to change the names , which will make it easier for Lee when we have to ask him to sign . Also , has someone from the Enron side initialled all the pages ? That helps , too ! Kay
no headaches
I don't know who started the initialling kick , and I don't know if I care if it continues . I don't know if Lee cares . It is probably an EECC artifact . If GE doesn't care , then I don't care . (  I hear strains of a show tune "I don't care , I don't care") . I think I've lost my mind . Kay
Carolyn , Please use NewCo instead of Spawn . Also , please give them only one business day to review the final facility agreement . Also , we need the duplicate forms for Sunlaw Energy Corporation . Will we be getting the drafts tonight ? Please call me if you have any questions . Thanks , Kay
No big deal . I'm just trying to tie up loose ends when I can . I suspect they must have gotten paid , or else someone would be complaining .
I made a couple of minor revisions . Jake has given us until when he gets in tomorrow . I changed Turbine Agreement to Turbine Contract ( one place in the LOI) , and added responsibility for filing fees in the llc agreement . Perhaps it it redundant . I'm not sure I'm on top of the LLC agreement . Maybe we can discuss in the am .
Sorry to hear about Bobby's wreck . I hope he feels ok tomorrow . Neil's number at work is 713 596 8716 , and his email is nmann@erac.com . I know you probably checked this , but are you sure you don't have car rental insurance under your auto policy ? Always good to check . Paige got a kick out of seeing Bobby . I'm sure he enjoyed the fine cuisine . I feel the same about going up next week . There will probably be a more appropriate time later . Paige is coming home for SB next week . I suspect she'll come Friday or Saturday , but don't know for sure . We are probably going to the Matagorda livestock show and auction this weekend , and maybe the rodeo . It must be good - like the Belton rodeo . Hi and hugs to all ! Love , Kay
I like this one .
I know you wouldn't forget , but Ms . Bills will need to be advised . See you tomorrow . Kay
We are in the process of refining the form in connection with the left coast transaction , and it will be easy to "de-westify" it . Kay
I didn't ask for the conference call , but I wil make time in my schedule to participate .
It is the last two weeks of school , I believe .
You have correctly identified my financial advisor , although I figured this one out by myself . I think I'll join the credit union !
Chris , Global Finance ( Lisa Bills ) needs to be kept in the loop on this , since this is in TurboPark . Kay
Here's the latest drafts: Kay
Hi there , I think a good next step while the counterparties are reviewing the docs is the creation of a closing checklist , since we have a good starting point with the Intergen closing list . We can get organized on putting together a package of the next traunche of docs , such as the parent guaranty , escrow agreement , etc . Thanks , Kay PS . You might want to check the docs I sent out to Jake to make sure I didn't put a Panda in a Delta doc . I checked , but I need to be double checked . Another good reason to use XYZ's until the finalist is selected .
I think what I will do is send out an email today to have people call you directly and reserve a room . We can then see how many short we are , and deal with the deposit . I will tell them to inform you that they are with the Enron group . Names of the individuals should be as follows; Kay Mann ( I'll call with my card soon - I want the Premier ) Heather Kroll Barbara Gray Peggy Banczak Lisa Bills Rose Engeldorf Nora Roberts Anne Koehler Lisa Mellencamp Christi Nicolay Gail Brownfeld Maybe this will help identify those who are REALLY in . There may be a couple of new ones also . Thanks , Kay
Thanks so much for your help .
Lv Co Gen deal .
funny , she didn't ask me ! $25 never hurts .
Atta girl . You should have heard Ben complementing you to Jeff . Ben said he wished you worked for him so that he could participate more in your PRC review . The point was not lost on me !
Neither have us have spoken to GE . I think Sheila spoke to Lee , but I don't know the substance of the conversation . We asked his permission on the Intergen deal , I believe . I told Jake last night that there are arguments which can be made on both sides as to whether GE needed too consent to having the contract distributed to a potential partner . He said he wanted to talk to you about it . My suggestion would be that someone on the commercial side discuss the general status , and ask if it is ok to send out a redacted contract . That is the most conservative approach . Kay
Time for a battle field promotion . I'll be Tanto , you can be him that sabes .
Well , that's one reason why I don't think there's a lot of risk to it . I know in previous deals the GE frame guys have agreed that we could give three redacted copies to suitors , and the real one to THE ONE . I think a casual conversation will work . The guarantees are nothing special , although the LD ramp rates sometimes matter . Lastly is delivery , but again , I don't think it will be a big issue . Maybe if Jake knows that he probably won't have to tell Lee who the suitors are , that might help . Kay
Hi Gregg , I spoke to John N , and I think I understand what's up . I'm in a conference call , but will holler later . Kay
This confirms our agreement we reached today that we will start the meeting at 930am Central . Kay
Aren't you something . From now on , you are Mr . PSA .
He did go out of his way to sing your praises , so job well done .
Scott stopped me on 31 to tell me what a good job Carlos did . Thought I would pass it along . Kay
Please put the Friday GE call on my calendar , as well as a 200 call tomorrow on Northwestern . Thanks !
Nothing from Leatha . Any news there ? Kay
Hi Jeff , I need more in-depth information than what I could get from King & Spalding , so I asked around for a Mississippi firm . Sheila suggested this firm , and Stuart said he thought they were an ok group . As you can guess , it is a short list in Mississippi to chose from . Please let me know what you think . Kay
The document on the bottom is the one you are looking for . I will send one of the exhibits separately . Kay
Thome , Sole - hey , that rhymes.. .
You can run but you can't hide ! Kay
Here's more for you to enjoy . We need to make this into an XYZ form to match up with the letter agreement . Thanks , Kay
This is the turbine contract to print and put on your desk . Kay
Having fun yet ?
I am attaching the final form LOI between ENA and CRRA , as well as the current working draft of the Fuel Cell purchase agreement . Please let me know if you have any comments or questions . Kay Mann
He doesn't know that Sheila undermined his authority with his client , and intervened . Remember her saying she wasing going to stay out of it ? Just shoot me if I do that to you . Or at least kick me . Kay
It has now clicked that you were looking for a letter in addition to the settlement letter . That didn't sink in before .
Here tis
Frightening roster .
No action required , fyi re: Blue Dog ( the East deal ) and Project Salmon ( the West deal) .
And a tough crowd it is . I'm up for it . He seems genuinely happy for you .
You are destined for political greatness .
Please print the clean version below . My computer won't let me print - I tried two different printers .
Attached is the Blue Dog LLC agreement:
This time I mean it:
Please print the form agreement . I think it is the fourth one below .
I had coconut cream pie for lunch ( also tuna) . I feel so guilty . Light dinner for me . And maybe a vodka ( NO WINE) . If I can get time to call Nathaniel , I will . I'm in a conference call now . I feel guilty about being gone Sat . night if Paige is home for SB . It does sound like a good weekend weatherwise . I can check with her to see her preference . Kay
I need staples and the stiff green folders . I forget what these are called . Thanks , Kay
I think you'll find there isn't that much to a site sale . Witness Plano/Pontiac as compared to the Peakers .
Don't forget that Herman reads everything , and to ask Fred if this deal will be DASH'ed . ( I don't know if it should , but probably so. )
I would want to make sure that the structure of the deal goes through Herman . There may be a tweak or a change which can have an impact on what gets booked on mark to market basis , etc . He may have absolutely nothing to add , but I wouldn't take the chance .
Do not take this too seriously until we talk tomorrow . Look forward to meeting you , Kay PS . Hope it isn't too inconvenient for you to come . Sheila really wanted you there .
Attached is a clean and red lined version of the loi . I'm expecting a call from David Hunt , so I haven't dealt with the limit of liability stuff yet . The Beck comments are good comments which we need to discuss internally , but since we haven't , I'm happy to take the position that the comments seem to fit better in the drafting of the definitive ageements . Kay
Hi Marisa , Please send the forms to Carlos also since for 2 , 3 , and 4 we will use the same forms . Obviously , we want the economy of doing this once for both transactions . Also , please bill the time for these forms to Carlos' deal , since Blue Dog is paying for some of the development of the letter agreement and the llc forms . It sure sounds like we won't be tendering a facility agreement , but until the structure is agreed I would keep the letters in as place holders . Once the LLC is formed you will get the complete corporate books which will have the certificates . Thanks , Kay
Hi John , I asked to have ONE guaranty prepared and ONE escrow agreement for Carlos and I to review the forms . Now I've got two sets of docs sent by two K & S attorneys . Additionally , we are drafting against ourselves . The letter agreement and the LLC have been given to the counterparty . Seems to make more sense to wait for comments . HELP!! ! Kay
Please print .
fax for car loan 713 345 3555 My contact is Ms . Sammy Marroquin . Borrower is cynthia kay mann .
We have an agreement which resides in TurboPark . Kathy Clark did the contract .
This was the emergency .
The outside lawyer for Northwestern , Marguerite Kahn , would like to speak with you concerning the structure of the LLC , specifically including the promissory notes . Guess I didn't explain it all that well . I asked her just to call you directly , and gave her your number . Thanks , Kay
Turbine Team , For future reference we should add in the put/call language ( similiar to the language in 6.2 ( c ) of the Intergen deal ) which allows Enron to put the equity to the buyer at any time GE consents . We should soften the approval rights of the purchaser . Thanks , Kay
Please don't . I enjoy the laughter ! I was just jealous .
Ann Elizabeth , Can you handle this ? This is another Florida lobby deal . Kay
Jake mentioned Delta but not Panda . I'm with you - go Delta . Who wants to mess with the broker issue ? Ciao , Kay
Hi . I'm interested in joining . What do I need to do to join ? Thanks , Kay
Please check the cancellation policy for next week's seminar . I may not be going . Thanks , Kay
OK . I'll let you know tomorrow . I'm leaving at 330 to take Michael for a check up . Routine . Kay
Any idea what will be on the agenda ? It would be very nice if they would respond to the drafts we've sent them . Kay
We need a name for the LLC for this transaction . Any suggestions ? Kay
I'm calling in ( conference call ) for this one .
Hi Ed , I can't find ( or recall ) that I received the subsequent email referenced in this email . Can you direct me to the right place ? I looked under Administrator and Legal Net X , and all my emails from 3/8 . Thanks , Kay
I kinda like Coyote LLC and Black Hills LLC ( no spruce) .
yes , thanks .
Hey guys , PSA's are a hot topic , and I have a call into Lisa Bills to discuss it . Lisa has been out of town for a few days , as has the GF TurboPark lawyer , Rose Engeldorf . Rose is being seconded to ENA for TurboPark issues , and will be back in the office tomorrow . We should sit down with Rose and puzzle through the issue . As for the "standard" EECC form PSA , it is a real bear . Carlos has recently worked on a TurboPark/97-10 compliant form , and is waiting for Global Finance blessing . He was going to talk to Bart about his experience , which could also add some extra insight . When you guys have some time it is probably worth taking a half hour to discuss it . Kay
Hi Randy , Just wanted to let you know what it up on CoOp City . I don't know the agenda for the meeting . I'm planning on calling in . Kay
Hi John , I still need a Connecticut lawyer to look at this . Do you have someone available ? I need input by Monday , March 19 . Nothing comprehensive , just a fatal flaw analysis under Connecticut law . Thanks , Kay
Hi Jeff , I don't know if you are picking up email , but just in case , here's a description of the Roundtable . Kay
John , I would hestitate to give up the option to TurboPark this project , unless the commercial team commits that there is no way Enron will ever want to progress with the site beyond permitting . As you know , there is no going back once we give up that optionality . Good catch , Renee . Kay
Hi there , Could one of you send me one email with the final ( well , we hope ) forms of both of the two change orders we are working on for the BD turbine sets ? I want to make sure I'm looking at the right stuff . Thanks , Kay
Here's the thing I'm doing on Thursday . Do you have a form of bio for anybody around here ? I need to make something up for the paper . Thanks , Kay
John , I've received internal approval to participate . I'll see what I can come up with for a bio . Thanks , Kay
Well , you know Enron . No boredom , ever ! Kay
Well , I'm glad I get to edit ! Not really . Mark approved it this am . Hopefully , good publicity which will make Mark glad he approved it . They usually take pictures to go with the article , so I have to see if I need a new , clean , white shirt . Gotta look good ! Makeup and everything . Wonder how I lose 15 lbs by Thursday ? Kay
I cleared not going to Atlanta with Elizabeth , so I should be able to take Michael to Palacios as soon as Monday . Supposed to rain this weekend anyway , so Monday is soon enough . I would just as soon not have a Sharon appointment so we have that flexibility . Plus , there is the possibility that I might need to go to FW for my dad . Michael can go to FW with me if I need to go - he would be great company for me . I've thought about taking him to Moody Gardens , or do some other fun stuff as an alternative . The long term weather forecast for Houston and Palacios is glorious for that week , but you never know . I don't mind taking him by myself . I can do most of the fishing stuff , although I don't know squat about artificials . If I do go I would like to take Rosco . Since my folks have an internet connection I can keep up with a little work and write you , too . What do you think ?
Hi Chris and Ben , Wanted to make sure you had seen/approved these . I'm looking now also . Kay
For your info .
Thought you might find this interesting , in some sick way !
Just a reminder that I am planning on being on vacation with my son next week . My clients are aware of these plans , and I have hopes that things will go without a hitch . I will be able to retrieve email and voice mail . Kay
Well , I know Jack probably won't know where to pee since won't have Rosco to aim at . I guess Kaley will have to growl at Jack just to stay in practice . I should add that Kendall is due at the end of next week , and if something urgent comes up , I could have to cover for Carlos . Not likely but you know how the baby stuff goes . I think Rosco is going to be at least 70 pounds , although I don't have any information to go on . You mentioned that his pop is a big dog , so I guess we should expect him to be big . Maybe one of those tall Labs . I just hope his personality stays the same . Kay
My dad is having some health issues , so they couldn't commit to next week . I cleared cancelling the conference with Elizabeth , so please take the steps necessary to call that off . Carlos' wife is due the 23rd , so I may need to cover for him . We'll see . I do hope to take Michael and Rosco to Palacios where we can hang out , fish , play in the sand , etc . In other words , no big plans , which I'm happy about . I think Neil will miss Rosco as much as Michael , but he probably looks forward to having the house to himself for a few days . Kay
Pitiful ! Charlotte confirmed for today ? Delmis is cleaning as we write - I spoke to Paige . She is going to try to get an appt with Cher for cut/color . I told her we would buy .
Do you have the GE contracts in the CA stuff ? Thanks , Kay
It seems that I remember seeing something about this in the Titan claim file . Maybe a copy of it ?
FYI , one of my guys got a call from one of your band of merry men concerning selling the 7EAs . Kay
Hi Cindy , Any more sign ups from Enron ? I'm thinking of sending a reminder out in the next day or so , and I wanted to see if you have anyone other than me , Heather and Anne . Thanks , Kay
I guess Ed Hearn .
Dear Mr . Keffer , Thank you so much for agreeing to pass my resume along to the appropriate person with the Astros organization . In keeping with our family tradition , I am a huge Astros fan , and would appreciate the opportunity to get a "behind the scenes look" at how a professional sports organization works . This should be an exciting season for Houston baseball , and it would be an honor to be a part of it . Any assistance you can give in putting me in touch with the right person would be appreciated . Sincerely , Paige Record
Please see insurance groups' request re: equipment warranties . One alternative is to send equipment contracts to David Marshall for his revieKay
hi back
Reagan , Specifying it is for infrastructure costs may cause heartache . Don't worry , I'll do the legal work ! Kay
Anytime in the next hour is good , since I didn't eat breakfast . I would love a caffeine free Diet Coke .
Got it . Good hint !
Thanks John . I got a huge kick out of Paige struggling with the email to you . She's a terrific writer , but had horrible writer's block . I think it was the dose of reality which comes from looking for a job . Kay
Hi , I saw your posting concerning the kayak . Do you still have it ? Where is it located ? I may be interested . Thanks , Kay Details . Do they want one of the turbines before Sept ?
Did you look at it on the website ? It looks like fun . Michael and I could probably have fun on the quiet water days . I'll need a ladder , so I'll have to break the news to Pop Pop . Kay
Maybe on Saturday .
I'm still on it . We are still working on the term sheet .
No . We can talk about it when you we meet in a little bit .
C . Kay Mann C . Kay Mann is a native of Fort Worth , Texas . She graduated from the University of Houston with a bachelor of arts degree and a jurisdoctoratedegree . She began her practice as a trial lawyer with Hays , McConn , Rice &Pickering , where she was elected partner in 1991 . In 1992 she joined FishEngineering & Construction as General Counsel , later becoming Vice PresidenMs . Mann joined Enron in 1999 as senior counsel for Enron Engineering & Construction Company ( EECC) . During her tenure at Fish Engineering and EECCMs . Mann,s practice included project development and financings in NorthSouth and Central America and Europe . Since early 2000 , Ms . Mann has practiced in the Enron Wholesale Services legal group , focusing on power-related transactions in the United States .
Life's pretty tough when your mom ( opps , he calls me "Mother" now ) won't let you watch tv on the way to school ! You guessed right , I really enjoy our time together in the am , and I don't want to compete with Pokemon . Kay
Great . We would like to take a look at it . Sounds like something fun for our family . I'll call to set up a day/time , if that's ok with you . Kay
For calendar . I may go straight there in the am .
Are you available ? I thought you might be interested since DDuran will apparently be there . I'm scheduled for vacation . I'll arrange an invite if you are interested . Kay
Sounds like a family man .
How's the weather ?
Attached is a general bio . Please let me know if you need something different or additional .
I sent it to J . Cogan , but I can send it to other folks as well .
I think he will absolutely love it . Our wedding is at 4 , but we can bring him over earlier if that helps with the museum trip .
OK . Enron North America Corp .
I need to have a form filled out that says I don't have health insurance coverage through Enron . Can you find out who I need to send it to in HR ? Thanks , Kay
I have a change in plans next week . My dad is having surgery in Ft . Worth , so I will be heading that way on Monday . I was planning to be on vacation anyway , but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft . Worth which I would not have had otherwise . I will manage client expectations accordingly . Kay
I'm not planning to get involved since this is your deal . Is that ok with you ?
Yes , but this time it is his carotid artery - the one that transports blood to the brain . Big deal kinda stuff .
For better or worse , all the folks under the heading "Origination" and "Development" are ours , although Kathleen has a special role with Development . Kay
Peggy Banczak is the ENA lawyer who handles Mexico .
Hi Wilson , I spoke with David Hunt , and he has no problem with you representing Enron Power Marketing in the proposed transaction with Clarksdale and Yazoo City . Please let me know if you have any other potential conflicts . Thanks , Kay Mann
Look at you . More work !
I'll have to send the notice separately . John's number is 713 751-3254 . Kay
I believe this to be the applicable assignment language . I'm confirming . Kay
Hi Rose , Was the Blue Dog override letter signed for TurboPark ? I didn't see it in the TurboPark closing docs . Of course , I could have missed it . Thanks , Kay
Sounds like a good match with Ruthie and Murphy . My old dog , Kaley , is really sounding bad . She has a cough that just won't quit , which has gotten worse over the last couple of years . I think it is her heart . She's 11 years old , and moves slowly . Rosco owns the familiy now . He is so quiet , but friendly . Just likes to hang around close to everyone . I'll miss him when I'm in FW .
I took her in a while back for the cough , plus she goes in every 6 months for kennel cough and hearworm test . They haven't said much and I haven't asked . Afraid to , I guess . I got Kaley when I was with my former boyfriend , and she's been through it all with Paige and me .
Needs to be vetted with Herman at some point . If Jake wants to negotiate something else with GE , I'm all for it .
You lost me . We talked to Jake about it , and the two issues were GE consent and accounting treatment . At least that's how I remember it . Kay
I didn't redact it , but Ben might have a copy . I can email you the electronic file of the intact document .
We are also working on a couple of change orders .
Hi Janette , If the tickets are still available , I would love to have them . I realize I was a little slow on the draw this time ! Thanks , Kay
My guess would be the week of the 4th of July , then again sometime in August . I agree that he really should see it . If you want to take him , that's great , or we will be glad to take him . Kay
Big surprise !
You're on . He's getting to be such a good age for theater . Wow . That was quick ! Now I'm out of excuses.. . Kay
I figured it was a long shot . Have a great weekend .
Hi Pete , There's been a Plan B developed on the LV Co Gen project . We are seriously exploring the possibility of selling the current LV Co Gen turbines to a third party , by selling the equity in a project co which acquires the turbines . Sound familiar ? Yes , it is CA Development III , only it is called I anticipate that the most recent version of the LV Co Gen contract will need to be adapted to the CA form - no E Next Generation or ENA as agent . I believe Dale has been working on some tweaks to the form you last worked on for LV Co Gen , and I assume these tweaks belong in the "new" Salmon contract . I will forward you the most current form that I've seen , and Dale can protest if he thinks this is the wrong one to work with . Carlos Sole is the lawyer in Houston who will be herding these cats . His number is 713 345 I will be out of the office next week , but will periodically check my voice mail if you have any questions . Thanks , Kay
As mentioned in my other email.. .
Ok , by now you think I've lost my mind . I can accept that . I believe this is the most current version which should form the basis of the Salmon LLC contract ( formerly known as LV Co Gen facility agreement) . Kay
Jake is ready to tell Lee who the purchaser is and get permission to "tell all" . I think that's a good way to go . I have to confess that I didn't look at their comments to the turbine contract . I will be glad to do it if you want . Jake said that Bill Williams had some discussions with Delta , and he thought maybe some of their comments were no longer germane . Bill has received their comments , but I don't know his reaction . Kay
Thanks for the quick turnaround . Kay
Don't be too grateful . I think Jake wants you to weigh in no matter what . He obviously values your opinion . My personal opinion is you put the comments in front of Lee , and if he doesn't like them , the answer to Delta is no , we have no leverage to get your changes . Kay
Is that a general offer to help , or just an offer to help me find the Blue Dog contract ?
Kathleen , We need to set up an LLC for the Blue Dog turbines . Chris had proposed some names at some point , then Ben had come up with something . I now can't remember what it is . Anyway , it needs to be on the list for next week . Thanks , Kay
Hi John , Sounds like we are now reunited in the same legal group , EWS . True ? Kay
I really like that one .
Well , welcome to EWS . I like Mark Frevert , and I've heard good things abouGreg Whalley . Also , I like working for Mark Haedicke . Kay
Reagan , I haven't received an email from David Hunt yet . I will make the changes you and I discussed last week , and perhaps we will get David's changes sometime today . Kay
Federal jurisdiction and limit of liability verbage . That's what comes to mind at this point . Could you email me the most current version ( I think it was March 3) ? Thanks , Kay
I don't have any significant comments , but I picked up a couple of minor typos . From a structure standpoint , I think Enron doing the construction ( and taking price risk ) may be a structuring challenge , but I understand that's a bridge to cross later . Kay PS I hope Mark isn't reading this today ! Great wedding .
Reagan , I don't suggest it , especially since this is not an "off the shelf" deal . There are so many moving parts to this deal it could slow it down in the long run to get someone else involved for a few days . It is like getting a new commercial guy involved for 4 days . I'll defer to the great and powerful Oz . I should be available most of the day , so let's see how things go . Kay
Gee , I was kinda hoping we would have the opportunity to dump stuff on EEOSnot the other way around .
Please confirm that Beck's comments nos 1 and 6 are acceptable for the loi . I would include in this email , but I don't have an electronic version with me . Reagan , if you have an electronic version , could you forward it to me ? Thanks , Kay
I cannot imagine a shirt larger than the one you received . Yikes . Sounds like Neil still has a chance for a new shirt . We'll have to allow extra time next Monday for a double de-brief . Kay
Reagan , FYI , it would bother me if Marvin called our outside counsel . If you want me to call David , just ask . I'll be glad to do it , although I don't suggest bugging the other parties' counsel too much . It uses up relationship capital , and it causes the counterparty to incur expenses they may not want to incur . Another FYI - I don't much like Enron commercial folks calling Enron outside counsel unless we've discussed it in advance . It violates Enron policy . So once we have outside counsel on board , you still deal directly with me , and I'll manage the outside resources . It really works better that way . Kay
Don't mean to lecture , especially via email . Just trying to give some constructive suggestions !
Sheila , If I were starting over again , there are a few things I would change . First , the development fee as presented in this draft doesn't work . Second , I would put all the put/call details in the llc agreement . Third , I would make the put/call available anytime GE agreed to it . The development fee has been discussed generally , but not fully vetted with Herman . Kay
Here's a general description of the steps: Letter agreement signed Final form of break out presented to purchaser ( not executed by Enron LLC ) $ deposited in escrow TurboPark notice given Closing date: TurboPark closing docs signed ( bill of sale , assignment & assumption ) LLC signs breakout contract Amended LLC , other closing docs executed Money released from escrow to Enron Enron pays off TurboPark This is how it worked on the Intergen deal . I was unsure from your email if you see a problem with this process . Kay
Well , there's a little lesson in the value of being polite to EVERYONE .
Hey Andrea , We are going to FW tomorrow , as my dad is having surgery to unclog one of his carotid arteries . I'm kinda nervous about this one . Everything else is going well . Michael , Paige and Neil are all well and happy . Paige has applied to the Astros for a summer job . Seems like a long shot , but she really wants to do it . Michael has a kid in his class named Colin Waters . His dad is the travel secretary for the Astros . Unfortunately , I haven't met him yet . I can't wait to hear about your reunion . I know it will be a blast . Have fun ! Kay
I sure hope it is this week . It will either be this week , or a while . How's that for keen analysis ? It would seem to me that if we end up with breakout contracts signed by E Next , we should use the break out form , plus an override letter . What do you think ?
Attached for your reading enjoyment is an indicative org chart . As you might guess , there have been some changes since this was published in December . Kay
More org stuff . Randy must now be with EWS Legal , since I see he is in an office on 38 . Kay
Nothing is simple .
Ben , I will try to be on at least part of the phone call on Thursday , technology permitting . Kay
FYI .
I'm working at home today , headed to Fort Worth tomorrow . I spoke to Carlos shortly after you were up there , and he mentioned you were looking for an org chart , and he recalled that I had sent him one . Kay
Every day ?
Carlos and I are discussing options right now .
I like it... .
Sorry I didn't come up with more concrete examples . I'm really concerned about my dad , although I try to deny it . I still think that we should insulate ENA on the next deal . Kay
I heard a rumor that Carlos Sole has been tasked with the Mitsubishi consent . I'm sure he will do a great job . Kay
Hi Carlos , I should be easy to reach on my cell until around 930 Tuesday . Feel free to call . In my absence you can feel comfortable talking to Jeff . He seems pretty reasonable and easy to talk to . Plus , he knows a lot about Enron stuff . You will want to discuss the risk memo with him , copying Sheila I guess . Ask Jeff . Like I said before , I'll back you up on whatever decisions you make , for whatever that's worth . My folks number ( just in case you lost it ) is 817 292 3367 . Ciao , Kay
Did I send this to you yet ?
I'm out of pocket the rest of the week . I think the best description is the general Enron Corp description . It is very generic , and is found at the bottom of all Enron press releases . If I get access , I'll forward it to you - unfortunately I can't access it now . It is one of those "Enron is a leading blah blah blah" things . Lots of help I am !
I know you don't have enough to do.. . I can't access the press release part of the Enron intranet site . There is a blurb that appears at the bottom of all Enron press releases , which is one of those Enron is a leading blah blah blah . If you can easily find that blub , would you mind forwarding it ? Sorry for asking . Kay
Here is the current draft for your review . In addition to the changes which were made , there were some valid comments made by Beck and Christi , which I think need to be addressed , but can be addressed in the definitive agreements . Please revise carefully and let me know if you have any comments . Kay
Jeff , It looks like Ben has made some good progress with GE re: Blue Dog turbines . This really helps . As you can see , I now have email access . Kay
I've spoken to the Brunini firm in Jackson . Kay
FYI . Please call me on Monday to discuss , if possible . Thanks , Kay
I'm out of town , but can donate next week . Kay
First order of business . Again , we can discuss this on Monday . I think Ben ( or one of his minions ) called Carolyn and asked her to be on a telephone call today . I have reacted with righteous indignation , and Carlos is going to tell her it is not necessary for her to be on the call . I really hadn't intended for Carolyn to work on this transaction . Talk to you Monday . Kay
As best I can tell it isn't essential; however , it would probably be helpful . I know you are on holiday , so if you have something else going on , I wouldn't worry about it . I can always call you later . Kay
We are contemplating selling the Blue Dog turbines to NorthWestern . I've been out of town with a sick dad , so I'm not clear who has been in the loop and who hasn't . However , since these are TurboPark turbines , I wanted to make sure you are aware of the deal . It is the commercial teams desire to enter into an exclusivity arrangement as soon as possible . Sorry for the short notice - today is the first day I've been able to pick up my email . Kay
Hi Dan , What's the latest with Suzanne ? Is she home yet ? Do you have her home Thanks , Kay PS I'm still out of town .
Thanks . We'll call you around 100 . Kay
Chris , Please do not ask outside counsel to participate in a call , undertake a task , or do anything without talking to me , Carlos , or another Enron lawyer first . You do not need to call Carolyn and tell her not to participate . Carlos has taken care of this already . Kay
Will there be a "pre-call" for the Enron team ? Kay
I'm still out of town , but now I have email access . Did your CA get taken care of ? You mentioned that you feel like we can use Tex-Mex as a go-by . Do you have electronic copies of the development agreement ? Thanks , Kay
I saw that Michael Young was included in the email regarding the 100 conference call , so I thought he was planning on phoning in then as well . When will he be calling in ? Kay
Hi John , I'll be glad to consider using Aaron . Let me take a look at the agreements first , before we commit . Did Bob Carter work on these agreements ? He might have copies , and he won't charge us for them . At least I don't think he will . Thanks for your understanding and patience this week . Kay
That will help .
Evidently Ben told Chris to call . This is an on going problem . Kay
Sounds perfect . Unfortunately , Bart works on West deals . I'll talk to my boss ( Jeff Hodge ) and see what he says .
Hi Bart , I think it is an East deal , so I wouldn't think it would be dumped on you . I just think it is nice to see the good stuff . Kay
Please put Carlos Sole on the notice list . Thanks , Kay
Hi there , Feel free to leave me an email about anything you are working on , as I will be available next week and onward to cover for you . In fact , if you want to stay home and go with KS to her dr's appt on Monday , I'll be there to cover . In fact , just PLAN to not be there , and if you are , it is a bonus . I don't you worry about anything when it gets to be baby time . If you do figure out remote access , I can email you questions and you can answer when it is convenient . Paige is almost 21 , Michael is 6.5 . It goes fast!! ! Ciao , Kay
my cell phone is charging , give me 30 minutes .
John or Marissa , please call me at your convenience on my cell , 713 304 8716 . Thanks , Kay
FYI . I don't know what I think about this email . I will say that I've heard good things about Clark , but haven't worked with him . Also , there is a big difference between a transmission project and a power project , since tranmission assets are treated differently from an accounting standpoint . Obviously , I don't consider the question of who is handling this ( internally or externally ) to be resolved , pending further discussions . Kay
Hi there , Just confirming a 200 CST Enron team conference call . Is this going to work for everyone , with the exception of Carlos , who is now excused ? Kay
Opps . I should add that Mr . Hodge has a free pass to miss this and all other NW phone calls . Kay
Ben , I'm at home if you need to reach me before the call , 713 973 6325 . Kay
So how do you say "bitch" in Spanish ?
I have a better chance of remembering "mamona" . I have to build up to the good stuff . My home number is 713 973 6325 . If call notes picks up , try me on my cell at 713 304 8716 . Did you find the fax ? You can fax it to me if that speeds up you getting out of the office . Call and let me know . Thanks , Kay
Unless something new comes up , I think we finished the letter agreement . I'm awaiting a revised draft now , and if it is acceptable to NW , they will sign it and fax it to me tomorrow morning . Maybe on Ben's layover we can have a discussion about where we go from here from a schedule standpoint . Talk to you tomorrow , Kay
I'm looking at it now .
The changes look fine to me . Kay
Wonder how much worse it would have been if we had started with a doc that you and I liked .
John , Thanks for driving in to the office so you could send these emails . Don't forget to mail the hard copy . I appreciate your help . This deal will need it . Ciao , Kay
Hi Bob , Any info ? Kay
Hi Reagan , Sure . I'm digging out now . Kay
Kathleen , Carlos has Illinois , so keep him copies please . Kay
Thank you so much . I'm really looking forward to seeing the Rangers , and what a great place to see them . Kay
Works for me . Kay
Suz's temporary replacement can't find the Matagorda Fair receipts I left for Suz . We may been to call to get duplicates .
I thought about you every day , but I figured you'd be better off with peace and quiet . My dad is doing fine . He is very relieved to have it over with . Last week was just nuts . Are you still in a lot of pain ? It takes a while to get your strength back , so don't push it . Your body has a lot of healing to do . Aren't you glad you used the Torso Track so that you had decent abdominal strength ? It is amazing all the things you use those muscles for . I can't tell you how much I miss you . Take care , and I'll write if there's any good gossip . Kay
What's your phone number ?
Wilson , Please call me when you have a minute . Thanks , Kay
Could you re-send that summer camp website address ? The one I got on the page didn't work . Thanks , Kay
It was operator error . Do you know the hours of summer camp ? I put a call in to ask , just in case you didn't know . I kinda like the Methodist angle , and the swimming pool . He needs more swimming lessons . Kay
hours are 7-630 , program runs 9-4 . Maybe we should try church there . I found the receipts . We should have taken the forms with us to the auction to save time . Oh well , live and learn . Pork chops and spinach ?
Gentlemen , Attached is a clean version of the LOI . Originals are being sent to Bob and Marvin by FedX tonight . Regards , Kay
Let's see if I get your address right this time... .
I was wondering what I was going to do in my spare time !
Good morning , How about 130 today for a conference call with John's new best friend ?
I'll leave that up to you . We can make faces and pass notes if you come over , but I suppose that isn't essential to the transaction .
My recollection is that the original ABB contract was assigned into TurboPark without revisions/restatement/consent , or a break out contract . I think EECC had the typewriter on the original contract . I quickly looked in my TurboPark binders , but didn't immediately find the ABB contract . There was a breakout contract done for the CA Development deal , and Pete Thompson ( with AK out of DC ) would have generated that document . It wasn't approved by the TurboPark team since it was entered into by the Enron LLC post TurboPark . I wasn't involved in the Fountain Valley transformer contract , but my guess would be that Pete Thompson worked on it . The footer you described sounds like an AK footer . Kay
Pete , Please send John Schwartzenburg a copy of the Fountain Valley transformer contract . Thanks , Kay
Right .
I'm thinking MK may not be email proficient . Also note WordPerfect documents . I bet her secretary had to come into the the office on Sunday .
Are these ok with you ?
These are both pending , but just so you know they exist , I'm sending this along . Once these are signed I'll send you copies . Kay
I had a brief conversation with Herman Manis , and he tells me that there is a different interpretation of accounting rules relating to power plants . Strangely enough , the change is one which should ( I hope I hope ) make power development projects easier . In the past , we ran into problems anytime we wanted to build a power plant and take megawatts off of it . Herman tells me that the current interpretation now focuses on the operation and maintenance of the plants , and not the power purchase agreement relating to the plant . This change in focus should make power development deals easier to structure . I would still like to set up an Intro to TurboPark meeting with Rose Engeldorf . Rose is currently involved in a push a couple of deals in the West this week , so it may be a bit before we can get it set up . A meeting with Herman would also be helpful . Maybe we can buy him lunch and quiz him on these new developments . Kay
Thanks for the reply . I found it on her desk ! Kay
Tonight is yoga night . much grass
Whichever is better for Charlotte .
for your information and email folder
Hi Karen , Sounds familiar . I'm sure you checked this , but in some of the GE contracts , the parent guarantee provision is under the purchaser's responsibilities section , near the beginning of the contract . A strange place for it . Good luck , Kay
Hi Wilson , Can you open this attachment ? Kay
Michael is off school April 13 and 16 . I have 3 deals which are supposed to close around then , so I'm not optimistic . If possible , I will take at least one of those days . On the summer camp , if we use a camp by you , we will probably lose Charlotte for the summer . Does that matter to you ? Kay
Remember the count down !
Suitable for printing .
I'm not aware of an override agreement with ABB .
If someone can give me the name and address of Montana Power , I can finish the exclusivity agreement today . Kay
I agree it is Matt , and I believe he has reviewed this tax stuff ( or at least other turbine K's ) before . His concern will be us getting some amount of advance notice before title transfer ( ie , delivery) . Obviously , he might have some other comments as well . I'm happy to send him the latest , or maybe he can access the site ? Kay
I got this from Carlos from a deal he and Carolyn have worked on . Note that the language sounds familiar . Someone must have sent this form to NorthWestern . I suspect an Enron person . Kay
I didn't know there was one .
Well , Ben's POA is executed , it is just a matter of getting some of the poa's for the subs worked out . Come see me whenever you want .
I haven't read this , so I don't know if it is anywhere close to your deal , but here's a bootleg copy of the Frontera agreement , just to give you a sense of some type of starting point . Kay
Here's a draft for your review . We should talk about the generator before this is sent to MPC . Kay
Yes and no . They were supposed to call at 5am to see if they should come in at 700 ( space permitting) . If no space is available , they are to go in at noon . I'm guessing they went in at 7 , since I think he would have called to say they haven't gone in . Just a guess , though . He has his computer at home , so I think if he was sitting around he would drop us a note . Kay
I only have you out on April 5 and 6 on my calendar . Is there another day ?
We need to cancel Michael's appt with Sharon for that Monday . Also , why don't you try to find at least 2 people to go with you to the Astro's game on Tueday . I'll come if I can .
I'll nose around here .
Here's the form of LOI I was thinking of using , in draft form . I don't know how much information we are prepared to fill in on the term sheet . If we don't have enough to fill in we can always skip the term sheet for now . Kay
Per your request .
Good . Does that mean I'll see you there ?
When you get a minute please send me your favorite option agreement so that I can get it Hermanized . Thanks , Kay
No room at the inn for today and probably not tomorrow . Carlos says he will be here tomorrow unless something happens tonight . Kay
You shouldn't have told Ben .
Hi Carlos , Jake called and said he wants to sign up Delta tomorrow ( Friday) . I had a conference call with John , Carolyn and Rick Vincens , and we are pushing forward . If you read this , could you tell me about any critical issues . Also , has there been a risk memo started , and has Accounting signed off on the structure ? I'll get up to speed on this during the evening , and will take your deal toy when the deal is done . Kay
John , Note their lawyers are Paul Hastings . We need to take that into consideration . Kay
Excellent observation .
Is this for the turbines being sold to Delta as opposed to the new replacement equipment ? Thanks , Kay
What do you think of this ?
Thanks !
FYI .
Well , things are hopping around work ! Dan and I have barely had time to say hello , and you know how I am about getting my dose of Dan . I've got several deals going great guns , so you know how that goes . I had lunch with Stuart and Kathleen today , and that was fun . Neil and I have a date night tomorrow , so we are trying to decide what to do . I suggested we just walk around the downtown hot spots , if the weather is nice . I've got diamond seat tickets for next Tuesday's opener . I'm going to tell Ben that I have female problems and have to go to the gyno so he will leave me alone . I figure if that doesn't do it , nothing will . Neil gets to go with me , which is really nice . It is a 4 o'clock game , which I think is a neat time . Daylight savings time starts next week , so I guess the sun will be setting as the game ends . I'm glad baseball season is back , although I did gave away our tickets to tomorrow's game . Carlos and his wife waited around all day to be called in to go to the hospital so she could be induced . Texas Women's was too busy to take them . They finally called them in at 700 tonight to come in , so I guess they will have a late night . You bottle of bubbly is in my kitchen . I keep hoping to have an hour to bring it by . I figure it will be good no matter when you get it . My transfer to Power Trading is back on . I think some of the work I do is transferring with me , but I'm not sure . In short , I don't know what the difference will be . It isn't supposed to happen until May , so I'm not giving it too much thought . Elizabeth gave me a brochure for another seminar - this one in Newport Beach at the Four Seasons . I'm liking the sound of it ! I miss you terribly , as does Neil . Take care and get well quickly . It isn't the same without you!!!! ! Kay
Hi there , I don't know who has or wants to look at the deal docs , but here's the main one . I'm giving it a close look this am , since I haven't been involved in this deal for a little while . Herman , this is the transaction we discussed on the phone a couple of weeks ago . Lisa and Catherine , I'm pondering the logistics of selling the new turbine in the pack with the current ones . I have a call in to Lee Johnson to discuss it with him , just to make sure he is on board . I know it can be done , we just have to figure out the paper trail . Chip , I haven't received the Hancock letter yet . Stephen , your close review of the document would be greatly appreciated . Talk to all soon , Kay PS . Anna Claire Sole arrived at 200am today .
Hi Pete , I have a fire drill for you . This contract needs to between Salmon Energy LLC and GE , with no agency reference . In other words , a CA Development form . Any chance of getting this today ? The delivery dates on one of the turbines will be changing , as is the payment schedule . Also , the designation of one of the turbines will change . Salmon will be receiving units 19 , 20 , 23 and 28 ( a new one) . Thanks , Kay
I don't know why I have trouble with your email address .
Hi again , I'm going to have some tweaks on the letter agreement , but please go ahead and distribute to Delta for their review . Thanks , Kay
Yes . How's that for an answer . I think you want to revise against this version , since this is the latest version Lee has seen , then blackline against the 20th version . THANKS!! ! Kay
Did you mean for your home number to be on the out of office message ? Kay
Just go ahead and turn it , putting in a [Note:] for any missing pieces . That will make it easy for me to search . Thanks , and have a good weekend . Kay
Most recent version .
Becky . I had four days of vacation , March 19 , 20 , 21 , 22 . Thanks , Kay
Stephen is trying to set up a conference call at 200 re Delta . Please advise if this doesn't work for you . Thanks , Kay
Have I written you back yet ? It is such a zoo , I can't remember . I've started this email 3 times . I'm going to the Astros game on Thursday in the Diamond seats . I'll watch for Ric . Both Neil and I will be there . I love those seats . That's where I'm sitting on opening day , also . I'm sure you will be at a game soon . Remember how nice it was this time last year for those first games ? It is no nice with the roof open . How many games do you have tickets to this year ? They have James Coney Island outside today . I ate most of two hot dogs . I bet I'll be sleepy soon . I brought them back up here , so my office will probably still smell like chili when you come back . Guess I'd better get back to work . Rest up and get well . Kay
Chris Calger wants the financing CP removed , and we have a call scheduled at 200 to see if we can get to agreement with Delta .
4 . If during the Term , MPC determines it does not desire to proceed with thpurchase of the Turbine , MPC shall promptly notify ENA in writing , and thisAgreement shall automatically terminate upon the earlier of the date of ENAreceipt of such notice or the expiration of the Term , without any furtherliability of either Party to the other hereunder . If , during the Term , ENAdetermines in good faith that it is unable to negotiate for the sale of theTurbine due to circumstances relating to the generator , it shall notify MPCand refund the Consideration .
I got a form that consultants sign , and I'll compare them . Kay
Larry left me a voice mail . Would you mind calling him and telling him that I am tied up on a conference call that is likely to last until 500 , so I can't call him until after then . I would really appreciate it!!!!!!! !
I'm on a conference call which I hope will end by then - a deal we are trying to close today . YIKES!!! ! Kay
I would guess "yes" . I don't know that I like the idea either .
I feel bad . I'll at least leave a message for him this weekend .
I'm on the phone with Mark H . ( the big guy )
I would love to take you up on it , but I'm already lined up to go . I'll take a raincheck ! Thanks for thinking of me . Kay
I'm an expert at being a rabid fan and excellent arm chair manager . I keep waiting for the Skipper to call for advice... .
We are trying to close with Delta , and they saw a March 20th draft . Also , I had it revised to take out E Next and substitute the llc . So now I have two versions . Just trying to get it clear . I've spoken with Lee about revising the contract to pick up the new contract , leaving the "old" turbine in the master agreement , to be included in the LV Co Gen break out contract . Couldn't be simpler . Kay
You have excellent sources .
You might check to see if this looks like the one in the binder . I believe it is one and the same . Kay
Hi Lee , Here is the new turbine contract , blacklined against the March 27 version . I look forward to speaking with you soon . Kay
I have taken what I believe this is the most recent form of the GE turbine contract , changed to reflect the difference in purchaser , and filled in some of the blanks . I have compared it against the Delta redline that Rick sent me this afternoon , after having accepted Delta's proposed changes for the purpose of running the comparison . The notes included are placeholders since I wasn't clear if these items will change with the equipment swap . GE is also reviewing Salmon Energy Agreeement version 2 . redline Thanks , Kay
For your reading pleasure .
Hi there , I suggest that we have an Enron only call at 230 central on Sunday , in advance of the 300 call with Delta . I believe the call in number is 877 232 0064 , pass code 25581# . Kay
Comments from Enron Finance .
I came in too late to know whether it was offered or asked for , but yes , it is a deliverable . The Delta deal is being financed , so they are asking for a lot of docs , including a letter from GE counsel . To make it more fun , there are complications with the GE consent on the Pastoria deal . It is not a happy time between GE and Enron , but I hope it will smooth over quickly . More to come . Kay PS . Still no comments from NorthWestern . We need to talk about how scheduling problems Easter weekend if this thing drags on .
I agree . They are really taking their time . It makes me think that they would sign up as is . What an optimist ! Kay
is this your flight ? Have you seen your ticket ? It isn't in my name , is it ?
Wow , you are up early for a man of leisure ! Kay
That's my One Pass number .
Here's the latest revision of the Delta letter agreement . I'm reviewing it now . Kay
I wouldn't call them until after you've taken the flight !
Hi Kent , I don't know whether Lee has mentioned the Delta Power deal that we are working on . We are taking 4 turbines and putting them in an LLC , and selling some of the interest in the LLC to Delta Power . Three of the turbines are turbines formerally known as LV Co Gen turbines , and we are buying new LM's to replace the ones we are using here . In any event , Delta Power is financing the deal , and they have asked that we get GE sign off on the attached documents . Therefore , I would be interested in your response to the attached . I understand that Lee is in New Orleans today , but I'll send him a copy anyway . Thanks , Kay
Hi Karen , Could I get a copy of whatever the latest version is of the GE consent for Pastoria ? We have a potential deal coming up to move some frames out of TurboPark , so I would like to see the current state-of-the-are version . Thanks , Kay
Hi Pete , Are the performance numbers the same as the original master numbers ? I recall some email traffic on this . Thanks , Kay
I didn't tell them , so the rumor mill must be working .
That sounds really interesting . Let me see if I can change one appointment to make it work . Thanks , Kay
I guess go back to the original contract performance numbers . The other numbers must be specific to the site for the Las Vegas project . Kay
I would think the policy would still be in place , but I don't remember what it is .
Units will be 19 , 20 , 23 , 28 ( no serial # on 28) . I think the amounts and pricing stays the same .
Carolyn and/or John , could one or both of you give me a call as soon as you are available for a conference call with Chris Calger , Steve and me . Thanks , Kay
Hi Danetta , I heard a rumor that you are the one to look at this stuff . I know that you recently went through the process in connection with the Fountain Valley transaction . I'm happy to serve up those forms to Freshfields if that makes it is easier for you . My number is 713 345 7566 . Thanks , Kay
Anything else for the term sheet ? Feel free to add it and return to me .
Here's what GE is signing up for this week . I would like to see their opinion letter . Kay
We have a conference call at 200 with Delta . If you are interested in returning to the deal you are welcome to jump back in . I suspect the letter agreement will be signed sometime this week . With closing to occur later this month . It is up to you . Kay
Yes , this stuff is for the purchaser's bank .
No problem .
Danetta worked it for the Fountain Valley project . How long has she been here ? I didn't know there was anyone other than you .
Sheila handled FV . Today was the first day I had seen them .
Hi Chip , Have you seen anything from Hancock re Delta ? I haven't . Thanks , Kay
We are going to hold the limits the same in this contract , and take the extra on the purchase on the replacement equipment . Kay
The issue is getting an assignment agreement that GE will sign . I've requested copies of the docs signed on the Pastoria deal , which is the most recent GE frame assignment transaction . That should be our starting point . Kay
Opps . No , I don't have anything yet . I got a message from Ben 2 hours ago that said to hold off on Montana Power . Did you hear differentlly ?
Hi Lee , I haven't checked to see if the PS Stabilizers are included . How does this look ? Kay
This will be yours when you get back - same counterparty as Tex Mex , I think . I'll finish this and forward you some other docs .
You may have these for Tex Mex . John expects to use something similiar on the coal plant , but obviously that is up to you . Kay
New and hopefully improved version , changing confidentiality and the statement in the term sheet on structure . Kay
I'm ok . Theresa Zucha has generously offered to help me with my expense account , which I really wasn't comfortable asking Warren to do anyway . Thanks for asking .
How does Wednesday look for a conference call ? Kay
Ben called this am and said we can go ahead .
I remember that the longer I played softball , the bigger the women were . When I was in my late 20's and early 30's , I played men's league , and I think they were smaller than the women !
I had a momentary lapse . Too many turbines , not enough time !
Carolyn , Please send to the counterparty ( subject to further Enron review) . I suggest a conference call with Delta at 100 to discuss where we are . Kay
Hi Wilson , It would be great if we could talk this week . I'm under the gun right now , but will you be available on Friday for a chat ? Thanks , Kay
Well , you know how casual lenders are about commitment letters.. .
I thought you were supposed to have your toes in the sand in Florida . I'll have to check with Kathleen on the details of the documentation for the various development companies . If there are a couple most active we can put those on the top of the list . Kay
Lets at least get the Florida ones done . Any idea why she didn't go ?
Attached is a slightly revised turbine contract . The performance values have been modified , as I believe the previous draft had site-specific numbers . It is redlined against the version you received last Friday . Kay
Please see the two additions below .
Hi Rhett , I'm working on one of these turbine transfers via the sale of 80% of the equity of the LLC . I'll forward the operative docs to you right away . In any event , here's a change the counterparty wants to the tax language in the letter agreement . Kay
Here's the letter agreement I referenced in my other email . Kay
Hi again , Delta Power will be making revisions to the LLC for tax purposes . I've given them your email address to include you in the distribution . Kay
Absolutely .
Acknowledgments of General Electric Company General Electric Company ( &GE8 ) hereby: ( a ) acknowledges that the assignment by DevCo to LLC and quitclaim by ENAto LLC of all of the Assigned Rights is permitted under Section 22.2(a)(vi)of each of the Assigned Contracts and furthermore , agrees to such assignmenas contemplated by this Agreement; and ( b ) acknowledges that , as of the Effective Time and pursuant to Section22.2(b ) of each of the Assigned Contracts , ( i ) all references to the Purchaser or the Agent in each of the Assigned Contracts shall be deemed tobe references to LLC , ( ii ) the Assigned Contracts and the Assigned Rights(which include , for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation , any andall associated warranties in connection therewith ) and Assumed Obligationsshall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of LLC , ( iii ) each ofDevCo and ENA shall be irrevocably relieved of and forever discharged of anfrom all liability under the Assigned Contracts , and ( iv ) GE shall look onto LLC for the performance of the Assumed Obligations assigned pursuant tothis Agreement .
Not that this is a big deal , but I heard a voice mail from Mark stating that Lance is the DASH guy while Mark is in DC . Maybe that was deal specific . Maybe we can grab something quick and eat upstairs . I am underwater .
I'm swamped . I got up at 430 to work this am . Got here at 7 yesterday so I could go to the game . Those young uns recover quickly , don't they ? Still missing you , Kay
Warren helped a little yesterday , and Theresa has offered to do my expense account . I'll limp by miserably until your return . Kay
Maybe Mark doesn't know about Lance's trip .
I don't think so .
It would help if you could take a quick look at these few changes . Kay
Hi Lee , Can you confirm that the retention amount for the "old" turbines ? I've got $705,200 per . Thanks , Kay
Best wishes !
Hi Carlos If things aren't better next week , I may need ask for your help ( ie , dump this) . It depends on how Delta and Yazoo City shake out . Hopefully , it won't be too bad . Be sure to check out the black line . Kay
We have a conference call at 300 , and you are welcome to join us !
Hi there , Could someone email me the latest version of the AIP ? Thanks , Kay
Never mind . Lee sent it .
I hear your deal blew up . What happened ?
Hi Jeff , I'm tied up on an endless phone call , but wanted to drop you a note to let you know that I got your voice mail , and will get back to you shortly . Kay
Steve is in my office and he agrees with the approach .
I'm checking with Steve . Thanks , Kay
Hi Carolyn , I can't recall whether Delta et al have seen a draft of the escrow agreement ( and instructions ) yet ? Is this one in the works ? I suspect GE may want to see it in connection with the giving of their consent . Thanks , Kay
Hi Pete , Per my voice mail . Kay
Here's a starting point . I've tried to bracket stuff with open issues like this [ ] , but I'm sure there are more questions than [ ]s . I'm really unclear on the financial aspect of the deal . Reagan , I didn't stop to put the exhibits you sent in , as I thought it was better to get the doc in your hands ( and Mr . Fairley's ) for a detailed review . Kay
I've sent a draft to you and Reagan via email . There are questions and blanks in it . Kay
Well , don't get too excited until you read it . There's lots of stuff I just had to put place holders on , but we'll get it all filled in . Kay
It is good airplane reading .
#2 sounds like the CA Development structure to me .
I don't really like the organization of it much . I think things need to be moved around and re-organized .
Looks like our exposure is less than $25,000 . Please call me . Kay
See you there .
Wrong week - that's next week !
Maybe he cancelled this week since he is out next week .
I need a legal opinion . What is a non-purchase order ?
Could you please email me what we think are the execution version of the letter agreement and the substantially complete llc agreement ? Also , how many execution copies will we have ? Thanks , Kay
Hi Charlotte , Just confirming that you will be picking Michael up today , and I will pick him up at your place around 615 . He has clean clothes to change into . Thanks , Kay
oh boy
It may be closer to 630 . Is this still ok ? I'll call first , of course .
Hi Lee , Pete Thompson is preparing the LV Co Gen break out contract based on the version generated last week that you and Bill Williams had agreed to ( or so I think) , but incorporating the AIP stuff where approproiate for the new turbines . We need to have the Delta break out contract signed by April 11th , so I'm hoping to have the LV Co Gen contract today or early tomorrow for all to review . That way , you can look at both at the same time , and sign both at the same time . Pretty nifty ! Thanks , Kay
re: Coal fired plant we discussed with Mitch and John .
Hello there , Here's the LV Co Gen break out contract with the assortment of turbines , including the 3 turbines from the new order . I haven't quite figured out the route , but I think this is the correct destination . Due to the Delta schedule , it would be very helpful to get closure on this form by April 10th . Kay
This is the form which needs to be cleaned up . I may have a cleaned up version . I'll check . Kay
Roger Ondreko left the company ( or is leaving soon) . Herman brought Billy Flemmin ( sp? ) yesterday , and Billy seems to be involved in a bunch of stuff . Your tax guys are Matt Gockerman ( state ) and Rhett Jackson ( federal) . Kay
I didn't pick this email up until this am , and I don't have the beginnings of the 2nd draft with me . Will DF be in today ? Kay
Deborah , This is the most recent email I have from Mark . It gives an overview of the project . I'll check for other pertinent emails . Kay
Any ideas ?
Thanks , Kay
Nice touch , sending this the day after the letter agreement was signed . Can you enlighten me on the ENA procedures and sensitivities to these types of docs ? Thanks , Kay
I believe he is going to Reliant .
They have a financing out in the letter agreement . We have to use commercially reasonable efforts to deliver GE consents , but I don't recall anything about in other financing docs . Is someone in the dept designated as the opinion reviewer ? Kay
Here's a new one . Kay
Christi , per your email . Kay
I would really appreciate your advice . I have to learn it somehow , and I know that you have an excellent idea of what works . Thanks , Kay
Hi Tax Gurus , Here comes another turbine transaction similiar to CA Development and Salmon Energy . This one is with NorthWestern . I need to run some tax stuff by you , so here 'tis . Thanks , Kay
Hi Kent , I can get a redline done for you if you want to tell me what it should be redlined against . I don't know about getting rid of the requirement for the inhouse counsel opinion . Maybe after you look at things we can discuss it . Thanks , Kay
2nd try . Hope it works .
We are supposed to try to have the break out contract by April 11 , and I think the consents and stuff that same week . Kay
Final version agreed to by April 11th .
I had to leave early Friday to pick Michael up , so obviously , today ( Monday ) is fine . I appreciate your advice , especially on the opinion . Thanks , Kay
The balance due to GE is being escrowed at closing , with standing instructions to release payments to GE on a fixed payment schedule . I will email you the current draft of the instructions . Kay
Hi there , I decided to work from home this am due to a headache . Kay
They've asked for much the same from GE . Kent is reviewing the docs . I'm at home with a sinus headache , but I'm working . Kay
Hi Reagan , Could you locate , cut and paste and email me the definition of "native load" from the Entergy tariff ? I need the location of the interconnection for the defn of delivery point . Aren't we missing some time in the defns of On/Off Peak that you gave me . Aren't 2 hours missing ? Is on/off peak an everyday thing , or seasonal ? What are we going to do about defining profit ( and costs) ? Do we need to give a place for meetings , and if so , where should these meetings be ? ( 13 c) . More to come.. . Thanks , Kay
Would you mind faxing me the schedules you emailed me last week ? 713 973 0287 . I'm not hooked up to my printer , and it isn't working so swift , and I would like to be able to look at everything at one time . Kay
Would you rather do lunch tomorrow ?
My computer is plugged in to my phone line so I can sit on the bed and work . I feel puny now , but maybe I'll feel better later .
How do you feel about making Enron an advisory member of the Marketing Committee ? I'm concerned that we will run afoul of Miss law regarding control . Would this create a problem for us ? Kay
Big hole in the doc without the profit stuff . Any ideas ?
I'm sure Friday will work well . It should be quiet at work since it will be Good Friday . I know your pictures will be spectacular .
Christi is the one who told me to ask you about native load since you have the tariff . Small world . This is getting tricky . We could ask Oz but I wouldn't want to upset DF . It just seems like a big deal to leave out of the draft . Kay
my printer just froze , and I want to look at the doc to finish the reorganization . Could you pretty please fax me the first 14 pages ( I have the last) . Also , could you look at the stuff I've highlighted in yellow . I haven't put all your comments in , but I will in a minute . Don't get discouraged , the draft is closer to finished than it looks , it is just the changes are in my head . It won't take too terribly long now . I've set up the exhibits as a separate document to make it easier to move around the doc . I think it would be kind of strange to send a draft without the most basic of commercial terms included . Stranger things have happened of course ! Many thanks . Kay
I heard Pat Radford is leaving , and you know Bob Carter is leaving , right ?
I don't feel as bad as I did when I woke up . My face hurt so badly . Neil was so sweet bringing me hot washcloths . It really helped . I'm running a low grade fever , and I know it is a sinus infection . I took a really hot shower around 5 this morning , but it didn't help much . Advil helped ! I spent a lot of time outside yesterday , and I'm paying for it .
I figured you knew , but I thought I'd better be certain . I'm wondering about Bart , too . Bob said he ( Bob ) is getting a nice raise , and I heard he got a signing bonus . Oh , I heard it from Dan, , so you probably know . Are they looking for someone to replace Pat ? I like Glenn , the temp on 31 who was working for Ben . I don't know his skills , but he is great on the phone .
PP will own 80% of SE , Enron owning the remaining 20% .
DAMN . I hate it when I do that !
This is a BIG deal !
Let's see if I can attach it this time .
I'd better ask Delta on that one , since there is a financing involved . I believe PP to be a wholly owned sub/project co , but I'll confirm . Kay
Would it help if I found the name of some finance contact at Delta Power ? Kay
Hi Carolyn , GE has asked for an explanation of the relationship of Pegasus to Delta Power ( in other words , the equity structure) . Could you please ask Greg if DP can send an email with that explanation , so that I can pass it along to GE . Thanks , Kay
Carolyn , Please make arrange for distribution to the Delta team . Thanks , Kay
Carolyn , Please send GE's comments to the Delta team . Thanks , Kay
Thanks , I'll pass along your comments . Kay
I think I'll just take off until you get back !
I checked with Chris earlier today and he hadn't heard anything . The ball is clearly in their court , so I guess we just stand by . I plan on being back in the office tomorrow . Talk to you then , Kay
I should be in the office in the am .
Actually you picked a good week to make the transition since we'll be at the law conference Wed-Friday . You can ease into things again without us hovering . Kay
Steve , I know that we specifically included the stabilizer in the Salmon deal . Please confirm that it belongs there so that we can finish up the break out contract . Thanks , Kay
What a mess !
CC , Do you still have the contact info for the escrow agent ? If so , it would be great it you would contact them directly . The turbine contract is going back and forth between us and GE . I expect that it may well be ready tomorrow . I expect the Enron opinion letter to be an issue . Kay
Hi David , Reagan struck all the references to the Fuel Plan . I think the specific obligations would fit nicely in the scope exhibits , but we can put the stuff in the body of the contract if that's better for you . It just seemed that it would easier to work with in the exhibits . Kay
Does Bill know this ? Lee is going to want to know that you guys are on the same page . Kay
Pete , Could you call Bill and discuss ? Thanks , Kay
What is wrong with these people ? Who faxes ?
Chris , I haven't heard when they expect to have their financing . We are finishing up the break out contract with GE , and assuming we tender it tomorrow , they will have until April 19th to fund the escrow . Kay
Sounds like both need to stabilizers . Kay
Jerry , I didn't receive the fax you referenced yesterday . Please resend to me at Kay
I was referencing your question about power and gas activity obligations when I raised the issue of putting it in the exhibits ( which we have done pursuant to discussions we had last Friday ) My point on the fuel plan was that Reagan deleted it , which was fine with me . There is language in the contract addressing Enron's responsibility to buy gas and fuel oil for the facilities . Kay
English as a second language ?
This will be a big help , thanks ! Kay
Even then we could send faxes to the right numbers . This is ridiculous . Tick tick tick .
Isabel , If you will email me your contact info , I will pass it along to GE . Thanks , Kay
Did you ask Lee for a finance contact ? I can't remember . Kay
Team Salmon , Carlos will be working the Enron consent/opinion docs . I suspect he is looking for a seat at the closing dinner , but the help is appreciated regardless of motive . Carolyn , the form of the escrow instruction letter looked fine . I spoke with GE about the turbine contract , and I am optimistic that we will have the "final form" today . Ciao , Kay
Thanks .
Fine by me .
John , The fax is coming in as we speak . Guess it takes a while to fax it to all those addresses . Would you mind call Jerry Jerry BoBerry and see what he will tell you is the substance of their issues , and share with him our issues . I don't see a reason to kirk the whole clan for that experience . Thanks , Kay
It finished arriving around 1100 cst . Thanks , Kay
Of course , this doesn't apply to any funds held in a jointly owned bank or trust account , right ? And when you say "do not" , what do you mean ? Does that mean do or does it mean not ? You are confusing me . What does "is" mean , after all ? As I'm sure you recall , Bob Vote handled the last one . Richard Sanders is the EWS litagation manager , so Mark would probably like for him to know about it . Richard seems decent . Kay
You're a better man than I am , Gunga Din . Kay PS . Please tell me you shared this info with Rob W .
Depends on how much time you give me .
I have a 300 meeting , so I'm sending this as is so that David can print a copy . I have not yet integrated all of his changes , although I have dealt with the profit/savings and QSE . Is the scope of scheduling services in the exhibit the same as the Scheduling ( aka QSE ) stuff ? Later , Kay ps Reagan has the latest exhibits .
When we were part of Julia's group , waivers of consequentials in CA's were not standard . I don't know if this was due to an ENA policy ( doubtful) . If we are the one giving important information , we shouldn't want to waive it automatically , because consequentials will be the most likely result of the other party's breach . Therefore , in unilateral agreements where we are giving the info , I wouldn't want the waiver . In the reciprocals it would depend on the circumstance . If the other party is doing most of the sharing , I would want it . What say you , Carlos ? Kay
Wow . I wonder how long it will take for me to get a good handle on this stuff ? Thanks , Kay
I have a few comments from our finance folks which I am reviewing now . Kay
Cool .
Believe it or not , they have not mentioned an extension . They figure we can sign on Friday . When do you want to talk ? Kay
Scott , Carlos Sole' is supporting Mitch and John's efforts relating to BPUB , ie , coal fired generation . Any contracts for that effort should be coordinated through Carlos . Carlos will assist with the coordination of the finance and accounting requirements . Due to the complexity of the issues some lead time is necessary . Unfortunately , there are no "forms" for generation projects ( given accounting/finance requirements) , or any assurance that a contract that worked a month ago will work now . My preference is that contracts not be sent to counterparties prior to ENA ( or EECC ) Legal review . Thanks , Kay
Cynthia Kay Mann I approve invoices and work from remote locations .
yeah yeah yeah
I'm back . Last night my little boy was sick , so I guess it was a virus . I feel good today . CA time . Kay
Thanks ! Kay
Welcome back . I know you are probably really busy . Paige will be coming home on Thursday . I told her we might not be leave for PH until Saturday . I want Michael to be able to go to the Easter egg hunt here if he wants to . I don't know Paige's plans beyond Thursday . Since you've been out of town so much , would it help if I took off Friday so that you can catch up ? That still leaves Monday . Glad you are back ! Kay
I love free stuff , even agreements . Any calls from 33 ? Kay
for your info
Hi Tax Gurus , I was out when you called the other day . Since then , we have another version of the docs anyway . Would you like to schedule a time to discuss this with me and outside counsel ? Kay
Monday is bad for me . The rest of the week looks good . Kay
Hi there , I thought I'd check back to see where we are on the Delta ( Salmon ) break out contract , now that we know that the stabilizers should be included . How's it looking ? Thanks , Kay
Are you and Herman ok with this ? Kay
Hi Herman , This is another turbine transaction . I think there will be another turn of this doc soon , but I want you to have a heads up . Kay
Are you in the loop on this ? Kay
Hi Wilson , I haven't forgotten you , I just got tied up . This is a very preliminary draft , but thought you should take a look at it . I don't need a detailed analysis , I just want you to have it so that we can discuss the impact of Mississippi law . I am specifically interested in discussing the following: waivers of consequential damages , limitations of liability legal status of MDEA ( I'll send you the info of what I have ) dispute resolution and jurisdiction restrictions on confidentiality restrictions any other aspects of the agreement impacted by Mississippi law I don't need any memos , just a discussion . Thanks , Kay yep
Me again . Here's the version I referenced in my earlier email . I believe we need to restore the stabilizer stuff , but I wanted to get agreement . Thanks , Kay
GE has been negotiating with Freshfields ( just like you will be soon ) so I don't know what the current version looks like . Kay
Again , Kent is negotiating this directly , so I don't know what the current version looks like . Kay
I'll forward your email to Neil .
Thanks for writing - I deleted your message and then hopped on another conference call . How about 330 ?
Here's some stuff for us to discuss . Kay
Want to join me ?
It isn't necessary unless you want to .
This is the first of two emails I'm sending you . Lee revised the Salmon contract you did , and now it needs to be "unrevised" in these ways . Kay
Thanks , Kay
Sounds good to me .
Do you want to come to my office for the call ? If so , could you PLEASE PLEASE bring me a caffeine free diet coke ? Thanks , Kay
Hi Ben , The conference call went fine with NorthWestern . They really want to get their hands on the contract and the change orders . I told them you were talking to GE about it , and we will get them the contract ASAP . Here are the issues: If we terminate due to their default , they want the additional $5m to be liquidated damages ( ie , our exclusive remedy) . They still want the right to talk to GE , specifically about the terms of the assignment to the LLC if we are having difficulty getting GE consent . They want to be able to exercise their call ( or take an assignment ) of the turbine contract earlier . They are willing to take the risk with the GE warranties . This is a relationship issue . It is also their biggest issue . On an interesting note , Intergen wants you to sign a consent to the transfer of all the equipment to Sweetgum . Do you know if Lee knows about this ? Ciao , Kay
This is preliminary . I'm supposed to get with our finance folks tomorrow to get it finished . This is ok to send to NW with that understanding . Kay
Good morning . Please call these folks and see if you can set up a meeting of the East Development team either Tuesday or Wednesday: Ann Elizabeth White Carlos Sole Kathleen Carnahan Barbara Gray Jeff Hodge The meeting shouldn't last more than 45 minutes . Please reserve us a conference room on this floor . Thanks , Kay
I think Lima would make a great bobble head . You better get there early . I received an email from Alfons telling me he was resigning from Technip . I'm clueless why he sent it to me . Talked to Gerry last week . He says he is going to put his Kingwood house on the market . Hmm . I hear lots of the old gang is working with him now . Have you gone to your reunion yet ? How was it ? Gotta go home but I didn't want to not write back today . Hope you find all your Easter eggs . Kay
This SHOULD be it . Please circulate , including Lee . Thanks once again , Kay
Hi Warrren , Could you please print all of these attachments for me ? Thanks , Kay
I hope this is the last version . Stay tuned ! Kay
Nothing from Ben yet . If I don't hear from him in the next couple of hours , then I think we should be ready with an extension letter , giving them a couple of days extra for free . Ben indicated to me last week that he would give them some time once they asked . MK called with questions on the assignment - nothing serious . Kay
Just in time for the weekend . I hope to take tomorrow off , by the way . Paige is coming in tonight , and Michael has the day off from school . Kay
Maybe having 2 kids and an SUV makes you feel older .
I'm tellling everyone that I'm taking off tomorrow .
Does that mean we will do the pre-pay ?
Me again . I forgot to ask you to look at 4.7 , 8.3 and article 6 of the LLC agreement . Just want to check . Kay
I don't know either . Kay
I'll look but nothing comes to mind .
These are the current drafts , not the ones I sent earlier . Kay
We are getting close on this one relating to the Blue Dog turbines . I'm reviewing these drafts in detail , and expect that there will be another turn . Just wanted to give you a heads up . Kay
Carolyn , I think we should tender by email . Kay
Thanks for all your efforts , and consistent responsiveness . I hope you have a great vacation . Kay
I've raised some of the issues with NW . We are working on some of it . A meeting is a good idea . Kay
Please do . I"m on a long conference call . Thanks , Kay
29 Inverness Park Way , 77055
This triggers Delta's obligation to fund the escrow , which now must occur on or before April 20 . If they get their financing in order , it will fund sooner . Therefore , Carlos is working on the drafts of TurboPark documents . Kay
I would go with Sheila's approach . I don't see a reason not to . Kay
PROMISSORY NOTE For value received , [TURBINE LLC] , a Delaware limited liability company ( A Borrower@) , hereby unconditionally promises to pay , or cause to be paid , to the order of NORTHWESTERN GENERATION I , LLC ( ALender@) , a wholly-owned and indirect subsidiary of NorthWestern Corporation , the principal amount of ______________DOLLARS ( $____________ ) ( the APrincipal Amount@) , in lawful money of the United States of America and in immediately available funds . Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning given to such term in the Letter Agreement , dated April [_] , 2001 , between Enron North America Corp . and Lender ( the ALetter Agreement@) . This promissory note ( this ANote@ ) evidences the NorSub Purchase Price Loan made by Lender to Borrower on the date hereof pursuant to Section 2(d ) of the Letter Agreement; and the proceeds of such Loan shall be applied by Borrower on the date hereof as required by Section 2(e ) of the Letter Agreement . The Principal Amount shall be due and payable , in full , on written demand of Lender . No interest shall accrue on the Principal Amount . Borrower waives presentment , demand , protest , notice of protest , notice of nonpayment or dishonor and all other demands and notices in connection with the delivery , acceptance , performance , default or enforcement of this Note . This Note may not be changed or terminated orally , but only by an agreement in writing signed by the party against whom enforcement or any waiver , change , modification or discharge is sought . This Note shall bind Borrower and its successors and assigns , and the benefits hereof shall inure to the benefit of Lender and its successors and assigns . THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY , AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH , THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK ( DETERMINED WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW) . [The balance of this page is intentionally left blank.] IN WITNESS WHEREOF , Borrower has caused this Note to be duly executed and delivered by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date hereof . By: NorthWestern Generation I , LLC , its Manager By: NorthWestern Growth Corporation , its Manager By: _______________________________ Name: Title:
I think this will change a bit , but it gives you some history .
We had our daily phone call with NW . I don't know that we really have significant points of disagreement . They understand that we are working some accounting issues , and they have a general idea of what we want to do . I suggested that we come up with the work arounds with our accountants , and I will think about it this weekend . I have a couple of ideas but I really want to mull it over . They look forward to receiving the turbine contract . Chris , could you forward the draft change orders with it ? One point they raised is that they want the ability ( with GE consent ) to have us refund the future payment due to GE ( less 7% for time value of money) , retaining the payment obligation . All of this is post closing . They are putting up a full blown parent guaranty to GE for the turbine contract , and since the payment should only be around $4mm , that would probably be acceptable to GE . Keffer et al will issue revised documents tonight . There are no calls scheduled tomorrow or this weekend , giving everyone "quiet time" to review the contract . Other than the accting issues , this should be about it . We deferred discussions about an extension until Monday . Kay Here's the electronic file .
I'm sure this doesn't matter , but I'm in Jeff Hodge/Barbara Gray's cost center . Just so long as I get paid ! 4-13 was a vacation day . Thanks again , Kay Sounds good to me .
I think we'll still have the breakout contracts , which are essentially finished . Kay
fyi , Steve should work with Ms . Clark to determine amount of payoff is required for TurboPark . Obviously , this is impacted by the date of payoff . We have discussed with GE et all the prospect of a changed order to the existing master contract for the new ones . So far , no one can find a problem with that approach . Kay
FYI . I haven't read it yet . Kay
I don't know if this helps , but here is the MDEA charter info . Kay
Hi Bruce , There's a Christie Patrick who is a VP of Government Affairs . I'm wondering if this isn't the same person you referenced . I don't know her . Regards , Kay
Enron as the buyer or seller ? I have an Enron as the seller ( kind of a weird deal , but at least it has most of the issues) , but I can check around to see what else is on the network . Kay
We have our staff meetings the 1st and 3rd Wednesday at 130 . I missed the last one , so I should make it to this one . Kay
Thanks . I've been trying to puzzle my way through this . Kay
I don't think she's in . You might want to leave her a voice mail .
I would like to sign up for the new garage , please . Thanks , Kay
1 . One director 2 . Probably Global Finance , depending on the structure of the deal . 4 . I guess I see the question as the overall role of outside counsel in the transaction . Good discussion item . Kay
You deserve to be pampered . I hope it works out so you can go . I think it would be a hoot . Kay
Got it .
Hi there , I suggest a brief status call tomorrow at 100 central to assess where we are and what we need to finish . How does this time work for everyone ? Thanks , Kay
That would be great . Thanks . Kay
100 pm
I wouldn't worry about the call . We are just collecting to do lists . I'm thinking a half hour . Kay
Carolyn will send out dial in instructions .
Hi there , I am meeting with Ben tomorrow to discuss NWestern . I'm fairly confident that he will be willing to extend the letter agreement , but he hasn't called me back today to confirm . Ms . Kahn and I have exchanged voice mail . Could one of you return her call for me ? I'm tied up . You might get an idea on some times tomorrow for a call . I'm booked until around 130 for anything which would last more than a few minutes . I'll check with Ben . Thank you , Kay
Thanks . I'll prepare Ben . Kay
So far so good .
Taffy , please let Ann Elizabeth know that we will reschedule the meeting . Kay
We expect Delta to fund escrow this Friday . I will be suggesting to Delta that we close on April 27 . Any insurmountable problems ? Kay
Hi there . We need to discuss the Federal Power Act and checking the box . Kay
How does this look to you ?
I heard a rumor that there is a new leader for EEOS . True ? Kay
Ben wants to know if you , Marissa and Carolyn are available for lunch tomorrow at 1130 . How does it sound to you ? Kay
Yikes ! I just realized that tomorrow is Mason's birthday party . I know Michael would love to go . Both my husband and I work , but I will attempt to take off and bring him . Thanks for the invitation . Kay Mann
FYI .
Ben is ok with the extension . Ben and I have a meeting with the accountants at 200 ( just got scheduled - got to take the apptment when we can) . I'm happy for you guys to go forward with the call . Ben and I will join later if we finish in time . Kay
I say go ahead with the call to work through any nits etc . We will need a follow up call anyway , once we know what to do to meet the accting objectives . This means you won't be available at 200 to talk with the accts , but that's ok . Finalizing the extension sounds good to me . Kay
This is the rock gym party . I bought presents for this and the Houstonian party , which is next Wednesday . Kay
I suspect that Chris Calger will be signing the certificate instead of Janet Dietrich . Please use my cell phone ( 713 304 8716) .
Old Katy Road .
Hi Taffy , Did the Pompano Beach meeting get scheduled ? Kay
Hi Matt and Ed , I need the corp docs for Salmon Energy . Do one of you gentlemen have this ? We are getting close to closing . Thanks , Kay
Hi Carolyn , What does Enron need to do to get the escrow account set up ? Is there something Steve needs to do ? Thanks , Kay
I don't know . I hate to spring it on her . Maybe suggest it for next week at the Houstonian .
Carlos Sole will be working on it , so I'll let him answer the timing issue . Kay
Accounting and Finance tell me that wiring GE directly from escrow is ok . Kay
Here's the suck up list .
I had a vegetarian sandwich .
I can't remember .
Please confirm that the signing of the amended LLC agreements will effectively remove the current Enron officers and directors . Thanks , Kay
Please tell me that this isn't the morale booster . Kay
Hi Chris , We need to coordinate the setting up of an escrow account with Treasury . We will use Citibank . I believe either Rebecca and/or Kathleen worked on this on the Intergen deal . Can you help ? Also , do you have an address for the location of turbine 1 ? Thanks , Kay
Good . I don't know that a going away party for someone leaving for Mo Money is a morale booster . Got another head hunter call . Market must be picking up .
Good timing . You mentioned that there were a couple of things you thought should be added to the "employee/consultant" form . Could you email me the topics so that I can take a look and make changes . Once again I expect to be on an endless conference call , but I can work while I talk . Thanks , Kay
Hi Matt , Carlos gave me a file folder with the Salmon filing docs . I need the corp books with share certs , as we are selling the member interests and expect to do so with share certificates . I need it by Friday if at all possible . Thanks , Kay
Hi Carolyn , Could I get a updated closing list ? Thanks , Kay
FYI . I'm reviewing .
For those who don't think we are balance sheet sensitive.. .
I'll look at Michael's CA and Sr . Sole' will take care of the native Americans .
Hi Warren , Could you please print these for me ? Thanks , Kay
Hi Carolyn , Have we seen the security agreement yet ? Thanks , Kay
Opps . I hear I should have sent this to you . This is one of Jake's deals . Kay
Is this ok ? Or the lien .
Hi there , Have you had a chance to look at this yet ? Thanks , Kay
I just called Ben . He had mentioned the Four Seasons yesterday . I'm waiting for him to call me back . Kay
I missed you and your wiseass comments . Glad you're back .
Carolyn , We are good to go on the ENA consent . Kay
I may go home and work after I take Michael . I'll call .
I guess I'd better cancel . Thanks for the reminder . Kay
Hi Ed , Here's a certificate of incumbancy we need to Jake's Delta deal . Can you handle signature ? We can work with a fax today , but will need a fully executed original for the bank . Jake , we put a couple of Houston guys just in case something comes up . We have assumed that you will be executing the docs . If there's any problem with the list , please let me know . We need this document to set up the escrow account today . Thanks , Kay
Hi Kathleen , Here's another deal like CA Development . We'll be doing the certificate of incumb . today , I think . Kay
David Duran can sign the certificate . Can he certify his own name ? If so , we want him to also be a signatory . Authorized signers should be Dave Duran ( managing director) , Michael J Miller ( vice president ) and Kevin Presto ( vice president) . Kathleen , please verify the way these guys like to sign their names , and current titles . Let me know if you think we should use someone else . Chris , we need a name and a call back number for whoever will be watching for the wires . They will be a call back person . Other call backs are me ( using Thanks , Kay
Please give Marissa this info . Thanks , Kay
Isabel , I'm waiting on Delta to give me language concerning a performance guarantee adjustment for site conditions before turning the execution version . The GE parent guaranty and LOC are in the all the earlier versions I sent , and remain unchanged . Please let me know if you don't have the earlier versions . Kay
Hi Reagan , Have you revised the exhibits to clarify the scope of scheduling services ? Thanks , Kay
Hi Rose , I hate to be a pain , but we are trying to sign up Northwestern this week , and the last thing we have to do is the assignment and assumption agreement . Any break in the log jam with McKay ? Kay Please print and put in folder "Northwestern documents 4/19" . Thanks , Kay
Nearly final docs . The change they want in the LLC is the addition of a statement indicating that for tax purposes this is a single member LLC , or something like that . The promissory note is felt to be necessary due to the adjustment mechanism for any change orders . Has something to do with them getting all the basis . Kay
Congratulations on your new adventure . I'll miss having you as a neighbor and a colleague . Kay
Can you sneak me a copy of the latest draft ? Maybe I can negotiate with Ben . Kay
No comment .
You asked for the exhibits . Kay
Ever get the POR info ?
Hi guys , Here's a list of questions as I'm working through MDEA . Actually , some are questions , some are reminders of things you were going to send me: Receipt Point - need def'n RR Load info - I was going to plug in something , or we were going to have an exhibit to describe . RR Off peak defn - RR transmission - we've added transmission services , but it isn't defnd . Any suggestions ? scheduling equipment - do we want to refer to the list ? term - previously I was instructed to take out the evergreen renewal , now is it back in ? If so , is the mechanism in the first draft ok ? contracted resources - I've added in a def'n - we need a schedule . Name , date , subject matter of contract . More questions to come , but I wanted to get this to you asap . Reagan , you might want to look through the comments you gave me for more open items . Thanks ! Kay
Check . Kay
what are you talking about ? Are you going to be a GRANNY?? ?
Where do you want this to go ? Someone ( I think Dave ) asked that this be added: Each day EPMI shall provide EPMI's Native Load projection , and gas and power projection . Would it be a projection of MDEA's Native Load ? Are we providing it or is MDEA ? By what time is the made and is it made 365 days a year ?
So now I know why Sheila had a lock installed on her door .
Hi Lee , Just wanted to check to see if you will be around tomorrow . I'm trying to get things lined up on multiple fronts , and all roads lead to you . Thanks , Kay
You made a comment on page 13 . It says "(c ) purchase of power . ..." I think this is one of your comments . What does it mean ? I'm on a conference call , so an email response would be appreciated .
yes .
Hi Warren , I'm going to forward a couple of emails relating to the Delta transaction . Please print and set up like you did the Northwestern stuff . Thanks , Kay PS I'm on a long conference call , but feel free to walk in .
here's a second email . Another to come .
re: my prior email . When you print these , please attach the email to the attachment ( hard copy) . thanks
Gentlemen , Here are some points which require commercial et al input: Do we intend to include gas transactions in our calculation of profit ? We will be buying electricity to serve their load . How should be be paid for those costs ? How often ? Jim Homco questioned whether we should buy the fuel oil . What do you want to do ? I've added the definition of Scheduling Equipment Costs . How should it be used in the agreement ? Are we limiting our provision of scheduling equipment to the equipment listed in the exhibit ? What financial security will be required of them ? Are we attaching Marketing Strategy and Trading/Risk policy , or establishing a time line ? How do we deal with the possible cost of establishing a control area ? Are we absorbing it ? Will there be additional infrastructure costs ? Have the exhibits been updated ? If so , could I get the latest version ? Kay
Hi Steve , We need wiring instructions for the account that will receive the $ from escrow . It should be an account where money goes in and out in one day . Can you track down the info ? We are waiting for the lenders to comment on the proposal that they will close once we deliver our deliverables . Stay tuned ! Kay
Here's what Delta would like in the Salmon break out contract . How does it look to you ? Kay
Is there anything we need to get them to consent to ? Kay
She called me , too .
I'm not betting the farm on the escrow funding tomorrow . I'll manage expectations on this end . I don't want to let up on Delta , however .
I think she will have a great time . The moms and dads are very friendly . She'll probably know some of them !
Good idea . I wouldn't mind something that says that funding of the escrow is tantamount to closing of the financing under the letter agreement , so thatthe financing condition is satisfied . Something to that effect . It willcalm Jake down considerably . Kay
Here's the latest , not-yet-final-but-getting-better agreement . I may not have sent this to everyone who needs it , but I know Reagan will take care of it . Speaking of Reagan , he is generating exhibits . Kay
Lisa Mellencamp used to have a list of local counsel . Kay
Gee , one more item for your review . Kay
Any recruits ? Kay Thanks , Cindy . I haven't given up hope yet ! Kay
I believe it is the E-Next Generation LV Co Gen contract . I believe the last draft was around the beginning of April . I can check for more specifics . Kay
Carolyn , I prefer that closing event #4 preceed #3 . Thanks , Kay
Oh why not . You probably need to get an overview of the entire deal , as you may want some outside help . If we are building a plant and selling power , there are lots of folks at Enron who weigh in on it . Kay
Any comments ? Thanks , Kay
looks good to me .
Could you email me the final form of the assignment/assumption ( not compared) . Thanks , Kay
Hi there , Here's the assignment and assumption agreement with the GE consent included . Please let me know if you have any comments . Thanks , Kay PS . In discussing the mechanism to move the turbines , it seemed that it would work ok to assign the turbines out of the AIP . I can't find a flaw with that approach .
Guess we might want to lob this one in to Delta , just for fun . Kay
Please print and review to let me know if there is anything stupid in these . Kay
Can you help me with these ? I need to get them fixed up today . Thanks , Kay
Hi Rose , NorthWestern has requested these minor changes . What do you think ? Kay
Thanks for the offer ( and the call ) but I haven't been able to secure a sitter for Michael . My schedule should be getting better ( famous last words) , and I hope we can get together soon . I would like to introduce you to Carlos Sole , if you haven't met him yet . Thanks again , Kay
Yet one more round .
It wouldn't be the same without you !
3 nights out in a row would be a bit much for this ol girl .
Any other rumors ?
I have my CA expert ( Kathleen Carnahan ) is working on it now . Kay
I'm available any time Monday morning . The sooner ( after 830) , the better . Thanks , Kay
opps . I just opened this .
Attached is the current form of the assignment agreement . I'm awaiting final approval from Finance , but I think we should get this in front of GE . Ben , do you or Chris want to handle this , or shall I ? Kay
Hi Jim , We haven't worked with a term sheet on the equipment sales I've worked on . Good luck , Kay
Please add this to the defn of confidential information: Confidential Information includes , but is not limited to , business strategies , transaction structures , pricing formulae , and other business methods . We will call it the "Michael Brown burn me twice shame on me" clause . Thanks , Kay
I decided to go a different route . What do you think ? Kay
I told Jeff Hodge that you were putting him on the list for baseball tickets . Guess the pressure is on now .
Attached is the King & Spalding power transaction deal team . I'll update the information I have for A &K and B &P , since some of the designated lawyers on their lists are no longer there . Kay
Well , aren't you the quick one . Jeff is a terrific guy , well-respected in the legal department and on the commercial side . Kay
Hi Clark , Could you fill out this chart for us with names and contact info for the Bracewell person ( or people ) you think would fit the bill the best ? We had a list previously , but I believe some of the folks on it have moved on . Thanks , Kay
jhodge@enron.com I checked his business cards on his desk . He's left for the day to pick up a car at the shop , so don't be offended if you don't hear from him immediately . Kay
I wanted to review where I think we are in this transaction . 1 . Escrow account . We are still awaiting closure on the issue of the lender's security interest in the escrow account . A proposal was discussed with them to ensure that we could still close the transaction even if Delta had defaulted under their loan arrangement . Indications were that this approach was generally acceptable , and Delta/Hancock are to send a letter agreement concerning this approach . This has not yet been received . This prevents the establishment of the escrow account . We have sent the escrow agreement to the bank , but Delta has not completely signed off on the agreement . 2 . GE turbine contract . Delta sent requested changes yesterday , and these were forwarded to GE . I have not received a response from GE . 3 . Miscellaneous docs . Enron has responded to all the documents requested by Hancock . We are awaiting responses to our drafts . 4 . GE consent . Hancock requested some changes to the current draft , and a new letter agreement . GE hasn't responded to the requests yet . GE has dealt directly with Freshfields , so it is possible that there are discussions we aren't involved in . I've left Lee a message concernig the GE items and the timing of signing . Carolyn , please correct/add anything you think is important . Kay
1st group evalutes promotions to VP . Ben is on the analyst PRC .
I'm thinking we are short lawyers . Hope that means good things for the survivors !
monday test
Can you see the mountains today ? Later , Kay
Do you have enovate agreement handy ?
okey dokey . Aren't you on holiday ?
I was kinda hoping you would fill in the blanks .
Looks like they have re-surfaced . Kay
nuttin from nobody Congrats on the ride . Are you standing up at your desk today ?
I didn't know if the seat or the feet give out first .
Nope . Carlos Sole ( one of our lawyers ) took the forms I gave him and fit it to this deal . I do think the banks' lawyers weighed in . Kay
Hi Warren , Hope you had a nice weekend . My weekend went too quickly . Could you please print this email and the attachments for me ? Thanks , Kay
Michael Brown , Do you have the standard offer service agreement ? It isn't in Stuart's file , and it is referenced as being entered into at the same time as the PPSA . We need to see how these two agreements fit together . Has NIMO given the bidders access to the contracts listed in the schedules ? We especially need to see the ones that they can assign to Enron ( PSEG and NRG) . Given the size of the transaction I think we should have Klauberg ( or another New York lawyer ) take a look at it . It is an interesting deal . Kay
Didn't I mark his up all ready ?
Hi Jerry , It would be helpful if the tax point person for NorthWestern could contact Rhett Jackson with Enron . Rhett's number is 713 853-4718 . Thanks , Kay
Maybe next time . I understand that you are just back from holiday , so obviously this comes at a bad time . See you in SA . Kay
I hope this is the last thing . Here's the latest version of the contract sans these insertions .
Hi guys , Is the LV Co Gen break out contract ready to go ? Lee Johnson was asking this am . Thanks , Kay
In speaking with Lee Johnson this am , he mentioned that he is still missing final contracts for PSCO and CA Development . I seem to recall that Sheila had asked someone to pull this together , and that I had given Kathleen the CA Development stuff . I could be off track , but that's how I remember it . There's probably someone with a better memory . Thoughts ? Thanks , Kay
Please confirm that the changes to change order #2 reflect NW's request . Thanks , Kay
Needless to say I had a pretty good idea of the location of the bottleneck . Otherwise , I would have called you . Peggy Banczak quit . She told me herself , so it must be true .
You got it . I asked Carlos if he still speaks espanol . You should have seen his face . He looked like he had swallowed a bug .
Lee , I'm reading your email to say that their requested changes are fine by you . Please let me know if I'm wrong . Thanks , Kay
Insert at p . 42 as ARTICLE XII . ARTICLE XII . ADJUSTMENTS REGARDING UNITS WITH SERIAL NUMBERS LISTED IN EXHIBIT P 12.1 Adjustments in Performance Guarantees to Reflect Site Conditions . Seller recognizes that the Sites for the Units identified and listed by serial number in Exhibit P have not been identified by Purchaser . When the Site for each such Unit has been identified and the corresponding Site conditions for each such Unit has been provided by Purchaser to Seller , Seller and Purchaser agree to amend the Guaranteed Levels and the Specific Performance Levels for each such Unit to reflect changes in the Basis Conditions made to reflect the Site conditions for each such Unit . The Guaranteed Levels and Specific Performance Levels as so amended will be consistent with those customarily provided by Seller for other LM 6000 Enhanced Sprint combustion turbine generator units in the United States with comparable Site conditions . 12.2 Storage of Unit(s) . Seller and Purchaser recognize and agree that the period or periods during which any of the Units identified and listed by serial number in Exhibit P is placed in storage ( a ) by Seller pursuant to Section 10.2.7 or ( b ) by Purchaser , as agreed between Seller and Purchaser , shall not be considered , directly or indirectly , in determining the commencement of the Primary Warranty Period or the Extended Warranty Period , or both . 12.3 Maximum Period of Seller Liability . To the extent any Unit identified and listed by serial number in Exhibit P is placed in storage as contemplated in Section 12.2 , the duration of such storage period shall be added , in the case of each such Unit , to the six ( 6)-year period identified in the last sentence of Section 27.1 for purposes of calculating the maximum duration of Seller's liability with respect to any such Unit and with respect to this Agreement . 12.4 No Effect on Cost , Schedule or Scope of Work . Seller and Purchaser agree that implementation of the provisions and agreements of this Article XII shall be at no additional cost or result in any other change or impact to or upon the Scope of Work , Purchase Amount or Guaranteed Unit Delivery Dates , or all of them .
Very impressive . We don't have to read these , do we ?
Hi Warren , Please print these and set me up a binder called NIMO May 2001 Bid . Please index the documents . It would make sense for the documents to be in the same order as they are on the email . Thank you . Kay
We have requested changes at NorthWestern's request . Please advise if there are any problems . Kay
You are working too hard .
Hope you have a good book to read .
I am not quite a wreck , and no promotion or raise . I'll be at the Lake Austin Spa weekend after next , so that keeps me going .
20 pounds!!!!!!! ! Sounds like you to need to buy yourself some new clothes .
Pete , Finance has requested these changes: Notices to ENA as agent for E-Next . Signature block should be for E-Next Generation , acting through its agent , Enron North America . E Next will not be signing , as ENA will sign on its behalf . Or , ENA , as agent for.. . Thanks , Kay
Hi there . This is the letter Hancock is willing to give us in exchange for Hancock getting a security interest in the escrow account . Any comments ? Kay
We hope to have it executed today or tomorrow . Kay
Hi Carolyn , Any progress with the escrow agreement and any other outstanding items ? Kathleen Carnahan has the original certificate of incumbancy ready to go . I would like to get organized for signing docs today , GE , Enron and Delta . Could you email me the execution forms of the docs which need to be signed by GE and Enron ( except the turbine contract) ? Hard copies are fine , I just figure electronic will be easier . I had conversations with GE re turbine contract , and I expect it will be finished up this am . Thanks , Kay
Hi Wilson , I've decided that it would be helpful to have a brief written explanation of what limits of liability and waivers of consequential damages are permissable under Mississippi law when contracting with the Cities or an energy authority . Could you provide me with something along that line ? Thank you , Kay
Hi Ed , This transaction should close within the next 5-7 days . Will the original minute books be ready ? Thanks , Kay
I sent this yesterday before 5 to find out what you were planning to do re Michael , the game , etc . This week , if possible . As always , the sooner , the better .
I forgot about Grandma . I bet you love the temperature today ( BRRRR) . Hamburgers sound good to me . I think MAM does ok in the morning , he just needs his hours of sleep . Paige was worse to get up .
you bet
Nope . Christi Nicolay ( a lawyer in the Reg Affairs ) is the authority on interconnection as far as I'm concerned . Kay
I double checked and ENext/Wilmington Trust will not be executing the contract .
Questions re Northwestern from one of the Enron execs . Kay
GE has agreed to the requested changes to the parent guaranty . Kay
Moving forward , inch by inch .
Hi Kent , These are some requested changes to the Salmon a/k/a Delta break out agreement . I'm not comfortable that Lee has reviewed these , as the comments were previously forwarded in another email . In any event , we are looking for GE's blessings on this addition . It seems to me that we are approaching time to gather GE's signatures on the various docs . I will forward separately the email I received from our outside counsel with the final forms of everything but the break out contract , the assignment and assumption agreement and the GE parent guaranty . Thanks for your assistance . The
Ok , I give up . What's an estoppel letter ?
Sounds good to me , although we are likely to find different purchasers want other stuff as well . Kinda like on the turbine stuff - each counterparty has wanted something different .
Lined against 3 sounds good . Circulate to me , Bill , Dale , Lee , Kent Shoemaker . Kay
Missing you... .
Hi Jerry , Do we have a final , execution version of the letter agreement ? I understand that Enron's tax folks are ok with the suggested changes to the LLC agreement . We are working with GE to get the change orders executed . Thanks , Kay
Me again . Please see the second paragraph regarding the authority of the Cities and MDEA to enter into contracts . Your opinion would be most appreciated . Thanks , Kay
Hi Theresa , I'm not sure if Steve Thome mentioned this to you , but Enron is opening an escrow account in connection with a transaction with Delta Power . He suggested that I forward the wiring instructions for the payment of the escrow fee of $10,500 . Please let me know what other info you need to tee this up . Thanks , Kay
Ed is the only one I've heard from today . I've forwarded his questions to our local counsel in Mississippi for their input insofar as the questions involve capacity to contract . You'll be pleased to know that I understood his questions . I'm so proud . Kay
Jerry , Would you mind re-sending ? I can't find it on my system anywhere . I did find the signature page sent 4/20 . Many thanks , Kay
Here is a revised change order which we hope will adequately address issues raised by GE and by NorthWestern . Kay
Hi Warren , Please print all of these documents , and place in individual file folders with the name of the document . I will need 6 copies of each of the signature pages for each of the documents . If it is easier you can just make 6 copies of each document . Thanks , Kay
Ben , In speaking with Herman , he suggested that you look at the earnings on Blue Dog on the hot list . It is showing a total $10.5 ( 4 East , 4 West in q2 , 2.5 in q3 ( East) .
Has GE signed off on the numbers ? Kay
Is this the right account for Pegasus to send the money to ? Thanks , Kay
It looks good to me . Am I missing something ?
Hi Warren , FYI .
I count small wins !
Latest draft of turbine contract for LV Co Gen .
Attached is a redline version of the turbine contract , showing changes from the previous form . Kay
Isabel , Please confirm before 830 central this morning ( when GE's rep will be in my office to sign docs ) that these documents have final approval of GE's counsel , as I believe Kent is not available to review documents today . Obviously , I cannot present revised documents to a commercial representative of GE without knowing that his lawyer has signed off on the documents , except to the extent that the changes are obviously minor . Kay
Have a good trip .
Warren , The other party changed all those docs I asked you to print ( not the ones in the book , the ones for the folders) , so you can skip that one . Thanks , Kay
I guess we know now that they weren't waiting on us , since they hadn't finished the GE docs . Kay
Isabel , Unless I'm missing something , two of these documents are the same ( 93) , and we are missing the no objections to forms letter . Kay
Did Kent review the changes to ( h ) of the consent agreement ( re jurisdiction) ? Kay
Isabel , Who is the "intial purchaser" , and why are the documents dated tomorrow ? Thanks again , Kay
Looks to me like they aren't ready to close their financing . Hope I'm wrong .
Hey , I thought you were out . I hope you noted that I was watching out for you .
It would appear to me that the closing of the Salmon equity sale will not occur until May something or other , so that the documents which are deliverables at closing should have May something or other dates , and not April . Anyone see it any differently ? Kay
I haven't seen the escrow disbursement letter lately . Is it circulating ? Kay
As I understand it , if the escrow is funded tomorrow morning , the earliest closing date would be May 2nd . Kay
It is our responsibility to pay the fees , which I hope will need to be paid today . Thanks , Kay
for your review and approval . I have your signature on this one .
I have the executed signature pages and the certificate of incumbancy . I'm going to print today's other ENA deliverables and fax to Jake for signature after I initial . Kay
Might close on the letter agreement today . You didn't miss much - mostly negotiations with GE re: change orders . Our tax guys are happy , and Accounting is hanging in there . We have revised the payment schedule in the doc , but NW doesn't have the change . I'll send it to you . The change is minor . I need to revise the assignment/assumption agreement , then we'll be ready to go when GE signs up to the CO's . Kay
Per my previous email . NW doesn't have this change .
Redline of revised assignment and assumption agreement . Kay
Please delete Michael Miller . It would be helpful if I don't have to get the certificate today , as that entails signatures of folks in two locations . Isabel didn't have it on her list . It is also helpful if the certificate is signed by Duran or Calger . Kathleen , is Chris Calger an MD or VP ? Thanks , Kay
Carolyn , I faxed signed sig pages for the ENA letter , ENA consent , resolution authorizing transaction , GE letter as to forms , escrow agreement , cert of incumbancy for escrow , fee agreement . I faxed the docs to the 80 fax number . Thanks , Kay
Hi there , We plan to sign on the dotted line with NorthWestern today . MKahn ( who works through lunch , don't you know ) is turning the final draft of the letter agreement . Kay
I authorized the wire to be sent to set up the account . Progress !
Did you get word that the Delta deal is going into escrow tomorrow , closing on May 2nd ? Kay
Kent , This forms supposedly integrated the requested changes you saw previously . Would love to have this by Friday . I'll forward the opinion letter in just a sec . Thanks , Kay
Is this ready to go as far as your concerned ? Kay
Hi Catherine , I don't remember who actually gives the notice , but in anticipation of the funding of the escrow tomorrow , here are the docs . I understand there is also a two day notice . I don't believe I've seen a form for that one yet . Who should send this out tomorrow after we get the fed ref ? Thanks , Kay
832 651 3478 is what I have
When sending out the assignment and assumption agreement , are we sending originals to all four people listed in the second paragraph ? Do you remember how many originals are required ? Thanks , Kay
I may need your help . Kay
Hi Wilson , Are you available for a conference call with David Hunt and me tomorrow ? Maybe something in the am ? Thanks , Kay
Re: my voice mail concerning masters .
We need the Assignment and Assumption and Bill of Sale signed . Kay
Your esteemed colleague suggested I send this to you for your review . Kay
I'm scheduled to be in a meeting tomorrow am , but I know this deal is in good hands . Page me if anything exciting happens . I'm fine with the assignment agreement version PH sent out this afternoon . I'm sure MK has the punctuation just right . Kay
CC , I would really like to have a signed off closing list and final forms of all docs by mid-day Friday . If something happens and I either can't be on the call or forget to bring this up , please mention it . Thanks ,
Gentlemen , These docs are ready to go , and your signatures would be appreciated . I will initial the docs when Steve delivers them to me tomorrow . Kay
The fun never ends .
Just tell me the end is in sight .
Attached is the latest revision , incorporating comments from the Enron team . There were some comments which were either discussion points or not readily decipherable , so those will need to be addressed in the next version . There's still some harmonization/nit stuff which we will pick up then also . Hopefully , David Hunt ( MDEA's lawyer ) and I will hammer out the more legalistic ( yet important ) stuff while he is in our office tomorrow . Ed , maybe we can schedule a call with our local counsel to get some more comfort on the authority issue . In addition , we can ask for an authority/enforceability opinion from MDEA's counsel . We'll beef up the reps as well . Reagan/David , Ed's availability is best first thing tomorrow ( Thurs ) morning . See you soon , Kay
hey , good questions . I'll check .
Will you be providing an execution version with questions removed/blanks filled in ? Please send it directly to kent.shoemaker@ae.ge.com , copy to me . Thanks , Thanks , Kay
Didn't go through the first time . Kay
Can you tell me to whom we send the originals ? Kay
Hi Estelle , Have you or Barbara sent the email etc out re establishment of the account ? We are on a conference call now re funding . Thanks for your help , Kay
Hi Guys , Delta has asked when the LOC can be issued for the final payment . We have every expectation that payment will be made on May 2nd , and we will know for sure by later today . Would it be possible to have the LOC by Tuesday ? Thanks , Kay
Salmon Energy .
Fed ref now available .
John , Just wanted you to be aware . No action required - water under the bridge . Kay
Bill , I don't have any information about the ABB contract . At last word , Lee Johnson was reviewing the latest version of the GE contract that Pete Thompson had sent out . Kay I'm about to fall face down in my computer . I'm not as young as I used to be . Kay
FYI , Dale has the lead on this one . Thanks , Kay
Don't forget that Global Finance is supposed to review these . They have the turbine contract .
This is none of my business , but the turbines are owned by ENext . Hows does the LLC give the assignment ? Should the turbine contract be in the name of the LLC , because it isn't at this moment . Maybe I messed up . Kay
Thanks thanks thanks
This change really helps me with babysitter problems . Thanks , Kay
I would think that Dale would have the legal lead , since he is the project's lawyer . Lisa Bills , Roseann Engeldorf and Catherine Clark are the people I send TurboPark stuff to . Kay
fyi . We are hoping to get together at 900 to continue to work on our interim gameplan . I don't know the location yet . Kay
By the way , they have seen the turbine contract .
This is the counterparties' first draft of the one month agreement . Kay
You may have seen one of these before.. .
fyi Carlos is working on it .
I made some comments/revisions . I'm not sure I understand the profit/savings , but I didn't take the time to contemplate it .
I thought I did help . I'm lost .
Lee johnson just called to see when he can sign the agreement . I told him I would ask you guys . Kay
Glad you made it safely ! I have a new home email address kay.mann@worldnet.att.net Have a nice afternoon , and enjoy the cool mornings while they last . Love , Kay
the first couple of pages sort of explains whose on first .
I may make the tour through the going aways , esp Oz . I called the spa to make appts , but got voice mail . Love , Kay
Starting point for exhibit 2
Fine by me .
I think you can send it just so he has the form , and we can figure out what we need to do with it . Kay
Many thanks . Pardon my ignorance , but is there a list of riders to select from ? The transaction that we are contemplating is with a municipality , so we need some muny language if such thing exists . Thanks , Kay
I think there's lots which will need to be fixed . I can't fix it now , though . Here's where I am on the ILA . I think it should be distributed internally and to the Cities ASAP , with an explanation that we are still pondering it . Kay PS . I didn't redline because there were formatting challenges I couldn't figure out . Kay
We are going to do a one month deal while we work on the long term deal . Talk to you soon , Kay
Terrific . Have a great weekend ! Kay
Instinctively it seems that the agent for concept would be stronger . I'll check into it for the longer term deal . Obviously , it is a Mississippi law issue , so I'll have to get an opinion . Kay
This shows changes as if they were revising the doc that we generated on Friday .
Here are the issues I see with their draft: Does not allow for us to sell them power , only buy their power and sell to others . This means that we can't sell them power until we get the full contract in place . Fuel transactions include fuel oil , and I thought we weren't managing fuel oil . Incentive fee ( in main contract ) defined to only include the sale of gas . Doesn't include the language we need for internal approvals . Payment section doesn't address payment for sale of power to them from the market .
Hi Carolyn , As far as I know , we are still on board for closing on Wednesday . Kay
Consistent with my discussions with Reagan , I have revised the body of the interim agreement . Some of the exhibit references will need to be cleaned up once we know where we are headed . Kay
I think we are supposed to do this tomorrow ( Monday) . Kay
I have a closing scheduled for Wednesday , so I don't know when I'll be getting to San Antonio . Better leave me off the list . Thanks , Kay
Kay
No .
For future reference on the long term deal . Kay
Need exhibit B added . Redlines are against most recent version sent by Reagan .
I've asked GE for the LOC by Wednesday , but I haven't gotten a response . I'll have difficulty getting executed docs by Tuesday , since sigs are coming from Portland . I'll have to check to see what can be done . Kay
The problem is in getting the original in their hands ( where? ) by tomorrow.Does it have to be an original ? Kay
Please confirm absolutely that fax signatures will be sufficient . I need the address of where to send the membership certificate . There is nenough time for the document to pass back through Houston if the Portlandteam wants to sign the documents . Kay
I did , and it is fine . Kay
Hi Ed , Here's the language they offered: M . Each of the Cities has obligated itself to be responsible for and to payto , or on behalf of , MDEA , if required , that proportion of the minimum monthly fee which that City,s hourly demand was coincident with Entergypeak hour demand in the year 2000 bears to the sum of both Cities , hourldemand during such hour; provided however , that each City has further obligated itself to be responsible for and to pay that portion of EMPI,smonthly fee which the economic benefit to that City from transactions bearsto the total economic benefit to both Cities from such transactions duringthe month . It is a bit cumbersome , but I think I like it . What do you think ? I'll forward the entire doc soon . Kay
During the Term of this ILA , EPMI shall be entitled to be paid a fee for for performance as follows: i . EPMI shall be paid a fee equal to the sum of 1 ) the Incentive Fee whichshall not be less than $12,500 and 2 ) a fee of $1/MWhr above the deliveredprice for purchases of Off-Peak Power ( the fee of $1/MWh shall not be included in the calculation of Savings) , and 3 ) payment for the deliveredcost of market power purchased to serve MDEA,s and the Cities Native Load in accordance with the transaction Confirmation . Individual transactions willbe confirmed by written confirmation to be acknowledged and signed by EPMIand jointly by MDEA , YCPSC and CPUC. . ii . In the event that this ILA is terminated early , the minimum monthly Incentive Fee amount shall be $12,500 divided by thirty ( 30 ) and multipliedtimes the number of days in May in which this Agreement was in effect . iii . The Incentive Fee shall consist of forty percent ( 40% ) of the Total Daily Savings . Total Daily Savings is the product of ( 1 ) the Savings per Mcalculated for the day , times ( 2 ) the total MWh for the same day of marketpower purchased to serve system load . iv . Savings per MWh is calculated as the positive difference between ( a ) thMDEA Target Production Cost for units that would have run if market powerwere not purchased to serve system load , and ( b ) the delivered cost of market power purchased to serve system load .
This is really just an excuse to write - did you give me the executed pages ? Thanks ,
Hi guys , Lee Johnson is asking about the break out contract for LV Co Genn and when it will be ready . I need to return his phone call , especially since I need one more deliverable to be able to close the Delta transaction . What should I tell him ? Kay
I think we will be able to get the documents you listed signed tomorrow , buJake won't be here before 7pm , so anything he is signing won't be ready until Wednesday am . It seems to me that this isn't a big deal , but I would appreciate it if you could confirm . Thanks , Kay
I suspect they are accustomed to people wanting to structure for an MTM deal from a commercial standpoint . Doesn't sound like our objective here .
Hi John , It would probably be better for me if we could reschedule , since I will be out of town Wed-Mon . Rain check ? Kay
Perfectly . thanks
I'll check . I remember signing the faxes and signing the originals , but not the return . However , last week was the WEEK FROM HELL , so I easily could have missed it . Kay
Here's what I have on my list as original deliverables GE turbine contract - any officer of LLC Amended LLC- any officer of ENA Membership certificates - signed by MD of LLC , which isn't Jake The only things I have which MUST be signed by Jake are the written consentof the LLC , which aren't on the original deliverable list . These will beready first thing Wednesday am . I'm sorry , I don't recall you telling me that the original membership certificates had to be in New York on Wednesday . However , we will be able thandle this . This pre-closing drill is why I asked for a definitive , signed off closinglist by mid-day Friday . Thanks , Kay
Carolyn , Please revised the signature page for escrow instruction to reflect Chris Calger as a signatory . Thanks , Kay
You sound like Carlos .
Good morning . In order to finish up Delta/Salmon tomorrow , please note we need the following today: GE parent guaranty LOC ( so that full payment can be made to GE tomorrow ) Opinion of counsel And once funds are received by GE , we need the receipt of funds letter . Lee , I haven't heard back from the Portland gang to find out if the LV Co Gen contract is ready . Maybe Jake can help shake that loose . Thanks , Kay
It depends on what time I get the signatures . If I can get things signed uquickly , I'll have them delivered to you in plenty of time for you to sendthe docs . I would prefer that it work that way . Chris Calger is in our offices today - a terrific break . Now if I can jusfind him . Plus , I thought I would have him sign the escrow disbursement letter instead of Jake , since he's here . Kay
Duran is fine . I had it in my mind that Calger had signed the incumbancy cert . My mistake . I'm trying to set up a closing table and have these guys sign this am beforI lose them . Kay
Don't have it , but we can ask local counsel . If you can email me the question you would like asked , I will pass it along to our Miss lawyer . Kay
That would be better , although I will tell them that they don't get it until closing . Kay
I've asked for it separately ( second item below) . Did I misunderstand your question ? I'm setting up a table with all the stuff for signature now . Kay
Kathleen is coming up to help me set up . How about 11 ? If you see Kathleen , can you give her the membership certificates ? I'll have a stack for Duran later . Kay
Here's the long awaited form of option for your review and comment . I'm sending it to Rose , Lisa and Catherine for their review also . Thanks , Kay
I'm supposed to go to the law conference tomorrow evening .
May 2 it is .
go go go , as we say at Enron
Please review numbers . Any chance D . Duran can come with you guys ? We should be ready in about 15 minutes . Thanks , Kay
Isabel and Greg , I'm having a logistical problem . The only managing director of Salmon is not in the office today . I can have the membership certificates signed by ( 1 ) a vice president or ( 1 ) the managing member or ( 3 ) elect a new managing director . What's your preference ? Kay
Could you email me the last version of the turbine contract ? thanks , Kay
I know that GE recently had a small comment , technical or scope related , but I don't recall if it was before or after the 24th . I was unaware of Tom's involvement , so I want to make sure the comment was addressed . I'm happy to hand the reins over to someone else to handle signature . I suspect I'm creating confusion as well . Kay
If it will help , I will see if I can find the last version transmitted to Lisa et al , so they don't have to start from scratch . Kay
One comment which was taken related to the applicable change in law date .
I sent this email from GE to Dale/Bill after I received it . Since Peter's last draft was April 24 , I'm I assume this wasn't included: Bill says he agrees and accepts our comments to the A&A . One change required to the Rev 5 document . In Exhibit B , Add item "27)One additional Human Machine Interface ( HMI ) per Unit ( desktop PC type)" Include these changes and we can get this done tomorrow . Thanks , Lee
This is the same version you sent today , right ?
Done .
I may be wrong , but I believe the version sent to day is the same one I sent to Rose , Lisa et al on April 24 . Kay
I think now we should all just log off email and turn off our phones , and let Fed Ex , the fax machine and Citibank do the rest .
Kent , Are you sending this ( and the opinion and LOC ) to me today ? I wasn't sure where this landed . Thanks , Kay
Could you get me that cert of sec ASAP ? I need to get this stuff to Carolyn soon . Kay
In conversations with GE , it is their understanding that their guaranty will not be transmitted until there is a fed ref number tomorrow . The opinion letter will be faxed as soon as the GC is available , or Kent can sign for Dan Rowley if that is acceptable . DRowley can sign originals on Thursday . The LOC is in the works , and GE understands that 10% will be retained in escrow until the LOC is delivered . There will be three original opinions . There is one original guaranty , and I'm not certain of GE's willingness to give more than that . Obviously , there will be only one LOC . Kay
I know Michael wants to go to your apt this afternoon . If you do go there , just give me a call to let me know you're there so we can coordinate pickup . See you soon , Kay
what do you think ?
general counsel
1400 Smith , Room 3882A
You are my hero . Kay
John , I humbly beg your forgiveness for not calling you . Now I owe you . I will check my directory to see what I have . As I recall it was part of some special scratch my back I'll scratch yours deal , although the details now escape me . Seems like there were some minor defects which could be repaired while GE stored the stuff , so we let them put the stuff in storage based on their rep things would get fixed . Kay
Good morning . I haven't seen the insurance certificate she references . Anyone know where it is ? Is the retention letter of credit available yet ? I know it has been requested , but I don't recall seeing that it has been delivered . Thanks for everything , Kay
Ignore my last email .
Lee , I'll rev up the Austin facility agreement again . Eric tells me that we arefine with adding the additional TD of I to the facility agreement with a scope/price change . Ignore the insurance certificate question . My bad . I've heard that the LOC made it , so GE should be receiving payment in fulltoday . LV Co Gen is still moving . There are some of the TurboPark stuff which wasin the agreed form of override letter . It is being actively worked right now . Sorry about your trip . Kay
Looks good . Jake Thomas signed for us , so signature block on our executed version has him instead .
Please confirm that GE's originals of the documents they signed should be sent to: Lee Johnson GE Packaged Power , Inc . Thanks , Kay
Thank you so much . We promise to be good ambassadors for LAS . Kay
Herman , this is the document I called you about . AE is out-of-pocket , and has some questions about this agreement , so she asked me to forward the doc . This is a doc for a 40 yr ground lease for a power plant . It is my understanding that the counterparty is not interested in an option arrangement . Kay
call me on my cell 713 304 8716
I would like to move to the new garage . Thanks , Kay Mann
The memo was very helpful . It would be great to meet in person and discuss issues . I'm out of town now , but I believe either the 8th or 9th would be great . Thanks , Kay
John , I suggest eliminating the statement in III that we are proposing to perform the the market price servises in accordance with the terms of the market price service agreement . I realized that we have a disclaimer at the end of the letter , but the statement in III seems to directly contradict the disclaimer . I am not confident that the statement that the Enron structure is proprietary is sufficient to protect the information . I will need to check the confidentiality agreement when I get to the office if this is a real concern . I thought we weren't submitting a conforming bid . Is there anything in the RFP which indicates that any proposal will be considered a firm offer , or anything to that effect ? Talk to you soon , Kay
Hi Steve , Good to hear from you . Your right , my job is completely different . Funny how things evolve like that . I love it , though . Very few hurt/sick/deceased folks . Paige is finishing her junior year at Southwestern , and Michael is in kindergarten at St Francis . We are very blessed . Hope all is well with your family . Kay
deal killer
Sounds fine . Kay
Perhaps it is operator error on this end , but I couldn't get this going . Kay
Well , here's the nearly final draft of what was submitted . Evidently , we decided to submit a bid on the original transaction structure , as well as two alternatives . ( not what I was lead to believe before. ) I spoke with John about adding more disclaimer language to the letter to say that by submitting the bid we aren't agreeing to enter into a transaction or even negotiate for a transaction . Also , I advised him that the confidentiality statements in the letter were not great protection . Kay
Sounds like gas to me . Kay
I'd really appreciate it . Thanks , Kay
Great . I'll come around in a bit and fill you in . Kay
1400 Smith . Morning would probably be better for me . Kay
Business casual is the order of the day here . Ties are definitely not necessary . Are you spending the night downtown ? If so , you may want to just park at the hotel . Lots of the streets downtown are under construction , so I'm a little hesitant to give directions . Enron is located fairly close to the Hyatt , and their garage is easy to find . Enron just opened a new parking garage , but I'm not sure if it is open for visitors yet . Alternatively , the Allen Center Garage is connected to the Enron building via an above-street walkway . If it was me and I was working and staying downtown , I would take a taxi . This is partly because I have an under-developed sense of direction , and partly because of the construction downtown . Hope this helps . Kay
I accused Carlos of being a deal killer .
Count me in .
How about commercial folks ?
FYI . Certain aspects of this presentation will relate to PPA's/tolling agreements/interconnection studies and agreements relating to Enron developed generation assets from which we intend to purchase power , etc . The cost/benefit would probably be marginal for you , but I will be there , and will get you any interesting handouts . Kay
I can give up my seat and sit in with the commercial team , if that helps .
Team , I think we should make a list of issues today ( Pete will be a big help) . If we are to the point of deciding critical issues , I believe Sheila's input is essential , and worth waiting for .
I'd still like to sit in when my commercial team hears it , if possible . Plus , I suspect we run the risk this week of getting very bogged down .
The attached file is a draft of an asset management agreement prepared by Stu Zisman . The later version obviously contained more negotiated points , so I think this one is more helpful . I'm working on a transaction now which involves serving load as well as selling power . I found this one helpful for issue identification and exculpatory language , however . Kay
Wilson Montjoy will be in our offices , probably starting around 830 or 900 . Any progress ? Kay
No , I believe it is one of TECO's subs , but I'm not sure .
This gives you the gist of it . Since it was a GE generated letter I will need to check for the final hard copy .
Eric , Did you have any comments on the turbine contract for Austin that I sent you ? Obviously , before we can execute a change order we have to execute a contract . Thanks , Kay
Hi Pete , We will want to get the CofA contract fixed up shortly . I don't remember if we have addressed these issues . I do think that GE may resist the combined cycle language , and I don't suggest including it . Eric , can you still live with that ? Thanks , Kay
Hi John , I left you a voice mail , but thought I'd try email as well . The language that they added to paragraph 6 raises some issues since they want to restrict ENA and its affiliates from future potential transactions . Please call me at your convenience to discuss . Thanks , Kay
Looks like we should see if Lee is ready to go on this one . Kay
Refresh my recollection . Did we ( Enron and Northwestern ) agree to the form of the escrow agreement ? If so , then we will need to see if the escrow agent has any comments . Chris is on vacation , ciaoing down in Italy ( sorry , couldn't resist) . He should be the point man , though . On the Delta deal we ran into some complications in moving money because Citibank had the money invested in a money market account . Does the current draft allow for that ? I guess the easiest thing to do is to send it to me and let me see what's up . Thanks , Kay
Looks like Friday will work .
Please put it on my calendar so I won't forget . thanks ckm
You know I just can't remember that far in advance !
Probably the week of July 4th .
Nothing better than a FREE trip to SF . Where will you stay ?
Good suggestion . Why don't you run it by George , and if you get positive feedback I'll suggest it to Ben . Kay
Hi Ben , IMHO , your team needs a basic understanding of the finance and accounting issues . Legal should have a bit more of a developed ( and probably current ) understanding of how to address the issues . Between Development and Legal , we should be able to get docs about 90% there . We then take the almost compliant docs to Accting/Finance for fine tuning . A key action item is getting a presentation set up where there is a good download of information from Acct/Finance to the Development group . We had one yesterday for Legal , and it was helpful . I want to sit in when your troops get the presentation , if at all possible , because I can help translate on both sides , I believe . I also want to make sure that Development and Legal are on the same page . Fire drill avoidance is a key objective . Look forward to discussing in detail . Kay
Hi . Happy Mother's Day . I was kinda hoping for a post-graduation family event on that Saturday , as hopes were raised when the ticket issue came up . Doesn't sound like that's happening . I don't know when we will be up that way , but it wouldn't surprise me if we headed up Sat am . That's Memorial Day weekend , so traffic out of Houston on Friday will be horrific . Neil and I haven't discussed any details yet , though . Paige is supposed to intern with the Houston Aeros this summer . No pay , which is a bad thing . She is currently on the way to Colorado with some friends , and will be back a week from Sunday . I haven't even mentioned Mac's graduation yet . I just finished a really busy time , and I'm optimistic that things will resume a more normal pace . I hope to catch up on yard work this weekend , maybe clean out a closet . I have the urge to purge . I would say the Katie got the Clarke math gene , but Paige is a math whiz . It must be a recessive characteristic . It is great that the girls have different arenas in which to excel . I sent Mom a table top cactus garden . Hope it gets there . No clue on what to get Mac . I guess I should ask Paige for ideas . If I get some good ones from her or Mikey I'll let you know . Love , Kay
Another point: How do we price gas/power we sell to them , especially in light of our duty of good faith and fair dealing ? Not expecting an answer via email , this is just a topic for further discussion .
Herman and Rose , Thank you so much for the presentation yesterday concerning accounting/financing issues in power development projects . The presentation was extremely clear and informative . The whole group stayed interested , which is a tribute to your preparation and delivery . Kay
Hi Ben , How's about the Acccounting/Finance presentation at noon on May 23rd , then we can all go to the Astros' game at 305 ? Kay
How about 100 ?
I think you'd better stick close to home and smile when she gets back .
Please calendar for me .
I'm planning on going . It should go without saying that you are welcome also . Kay
What do you think ? Kay
I don't know anything about Shelby , but I take it that you don't think it impacts Haywood at this late date . Kay
Looks fine to me . Kay
John still wants to hold off on a document review , as we don't know if we want to go forward . Kay
Those bizness whites are the best .
Gentlemen , Could we schedule some time for a conference call next week ? I would appreciate the opportunity to work through some of the legal issues . I have the lofty goal of not working Memorial Day weekend this year , so I'm trying to get as much done on this deal as soon as possible . Thanks , Kay PS . I'm open Tues am and most of Wednesday . I can probably work my schedule so that I'm available quite a bit of next week .
Wilson , Good morning . What is your availability this week for a conference call with David ? Thanks , Kay
Hi Jeff , Did you want Stacy to take a look at this ? Kay
Hi there , I believe Chris should be back today , so I wanted to follow up on this . I don't have any recollection of where we left the escrow agreement with NW . Please get with MKahn or Jerry DeBerry to see if we can get consensus on the current form of escrow agreement . Once we have that , Enron ( Chris ) will make contact with Citibank . Thanks , Kay
Hi John , Enron is ok with signing the consents . After the assignment of the contracts out of LLCs , we would like to exercise our put . Please share this info with George . I believe Ben will be in town tomorrow ( right Ben? ) so we can get it signed up this week . Thanks , Kay
How does this look ? Kay
John , I made the changes you suggested . The prior version contained a non-circumvention ( you can't pursue the project without me ) versus the current exclusivity ( you must work only with me) , which seems somewhat more restrictive since it would keep us from bringing in additional participants . I've changed language in the next paragraph to avoid a contradiction . If we go with this approach then I suspect we will want to work on an LOI which divides up responsibility going forward . Let me know what you think . Kay
Are you available any time this week ? We are getting down to the nitty gritty . Kay
Hi there . Do you have to be a licensed claims handler ( or a lawyer ) to handle a third party's insurance claim ? Same for selling insurance ? Thanks ,
I do recall the conversations you and I had ( actually a series of pages , I believe) , so I'll check with Rebecca and see if she still has those signature pages . Kay
FYI . I've reviewing at Heather's request . Kay
Gentlemen , I'm with EWS Legal , and I'm working with John Llodra ( East Power origination ) concerning a confidentiality agreement with Ameresco . The proposed transaction is described as follows: A potential power plant site development and asset management services related to the Island End Generation Project , a nominal 365 MW combined cycle power generation facility , proposed to be located in Everett , Massachusetts . The current draft of the CA contains this language: From the time of the signing of this Agreement until October 1 , 2001 neither Party shall pursue the Proposed Transaction without the participation of the other Party , unless the other Party consents in writing or notifies the other Party that it does not intend to pursue the Proposed Transaction . In accordance with policy , this issue is being submitted to you for your review . John can be contacted at 978 449 9936 . My extension is 57566 . Thank you , Kay Here is the entire CA:
I've received error notices , so I'm trying again . Kay
I thought of you yesterday . I planted an eggplant plant and a pepper plant . What a great weekend - I lived outside . What about you ?
Hi Catherine , Would it be appropriate for me to call Karl or someone to try to get the original docs ? I have this urge to get something off of my "to do" list , and this looks like a good candidate . Thanks , Kay
It is Carlos' territory . Please review for compliance with this month's rules . Thanks , Kay
Carolyn , GE is calling for the original turbine contract . I believe I previously provided Lee Johnson's address . Could you send him an original ? Thanks , Kay
I've tried sending this 3 times . Please see if you can figure out the problem . I've used the autoaddressing and his long internet address . If all else fails , just print and have it delivered , I guess , or send it to his assistant . Thanks , Kay
Tom , I agree that this helps . We can also put something in to indicate that the price we sell to them may not be the same price we bought from a third party , depending on market conditions . Something like that . Kay
three glitches He probably just changed over to Outlook
Hi Dale , Did you just do a tolling agreement re: LV ? I'm looking for forms , and thought I'd check . Thanks , Kay
Nothing fatal . Here are some thoughts/comments on the AMA for your general consideration: 2.2 ( d ) Bank accounts/bookkeeping . I've previously been advised that Corp performs this function . Issues which arise: will the money be invested overnight , who has signature authority , etc . We have a draft services agreement prepared for Peoples which can serve as a "go by" if you decide you need a separate doc . 2.2 ( b)Billing/collection . Responsibility generally should stop at sending nastygrams . No duty to hire lawyers , etc . 2.2 ( f ) Insurance . In Texas , you have to have licenses to buy/sell insurance and adjust claims . Current language may be soft enough to not violate licensing laws . 2.2 ( g ) cost of filing for licenses and permits not included in defn of Marketing Expenses , but there's some catch all language that might help . 2.3 Accountants may like it to be clear that we can't hire/fire O & M contractor , set O & M policies , or dispatch plant . 3.2 If there are multiple transactions in a short period , these may be captured in one document , not one document for each transaction . It would be helpful if the EEIM for use with others explains our agency role . ( may be in there - didn't review a copy ) Is the Owner a power marketer yet ? Are we helping them get EEIM's with the Approved Counterparties , or are they on their own ? Will Enron sign on behalf of Owner for Contractor ( Enron ) transactions ( sounds silly) ? Is there an EEIM in the works between EPMI and Owner ? 3.3 ( f ) I suspect by now you've figured out profits , etc , relating to "day of" transactions . 3.4 last line - should it be interruptible instead of contingent ? Assume Owner has transmission risk ? Is there a "no third party beneficiary" clause ? I might have missed it . Not life or death . Interesting structure . Could I get a copy of the final document ? Thanks , Kay Me too . It is my filing system .
Carolyn , Your approach makes perfect sense to me , but I think Lee wants his turbinecontract sooner . I still haven't received the finance stuff yet . I've asked again today . Kay
Hi Ben , I've been working on the letter , but I've got to fill in a bunch of blanks before it is finished ( proper names , etc. ) Depends on how complete you want it to be . I've got to check to see if this is the final version we agreed to . It is very close .
Here's the version NorthWestern approved . Letter to follow.. . Kay
In addition , we can add language that says we are specifically not prohibited from...... . and list what we care about . Kay
Hi Rebecca , I'm trying to locate the sig pages for the NW guaranty . These were the docs that I approved after I had approved the letter agreement . These signed pages weren't with the letter agreements and change orders you brought me . To you remember if you brought them to me before ? I haven't really searched - I thought I would ask first . Thanks , Kay
Is this what you were thinking about ?
Tam Pham , ma'am . Thanks for the clue !
Hi Stacy , I don't know if Jeff or Debra mentioned this to you , but this is a master we need in place in connection with a gas/power asset management arrangement with the cities of Yazoo City and Clarksdale Mississippi . As you can see , Jeff suggested you take a look at it before it is sent to the customer . Thanks , Kay
I figured it would . The master is now in the hands ( or on the email ) of Stacy Dickson , one of the gas lawyers . Let's see if we hear anything by noon . Kay
ps . You might warn Bob P . that this is coming , and needs top attention . We can send it to his lawyer at the same time , if he wants . I think it is someone other than David , though . Can you find out who he wants to receive the draft ? Thanks , Kay
fyi . Stacy just got the draft this am . Gotta love the passion .
Can we swap days with Charlotte and go tomorrow ? We need her to pick up Michael if we are going to go together .
It is worth a try , but it would be unusually generous of the power systems group to go along without push back . At least now we will see where we stand . Did Herman leave you a voice mail telling you that getting GE to sign off like this wouldn't do the trick ? I'm guessing you've decided to appeal . Kay I will .
John , I noticed a different file name on this draft than the version Pete Thompson sent out . How is this version different from Pete's ? I sure hate to have more than one version of this monster being vetted at the same time . Thanks ,
Wilson , You should get a call from Suzanne , my assistant . We're trying to set things up for Thursday am . How does that look ? Kay
Due to the size of this possible transaction , I thought I would keep you in the loop on its status . We submitted a bid with caveats as to its non-binding nature , and suggested an alternative structure . In response , Navigant issued questions . John Llodra has compiled answers , which appear to be fine to me . We ( Legal ) have been instructed to standby , awaiting commercial guidance as to whether we will be going forward . I believe Klauberg has either cleared conflicts or initiated the process , so if we go forward , he should be our man . I will let you know once a go/no go decision is reached . Kay
Herman Manis will need the opportunity to review , also .
Opps . I didn't notice C Sherman's name . I'm unclear as to whether Herman needs it also .
Hi Matt , I understand that John Rigby sent you a draft of the standard turbine contract . Just thought you should know that it will be a E-Next type doc . Thanks , Kay
Hi there . I am attaching for the group's consideration a red line that I ran comparing the current working draft ( v4 ) with the draft John R . recently circulated to Tax and Insurance . I suggest that Pete Thompson keep the typewriter on this . We are getting so close to the end , I would really like to try to avoid confusion . I am also attaching a clean copy of the current active version , and the current list of issues under consideration . I suggest we work through this list and turn another draft before soliciting Cris/Herman and Lisa's comments . We should also give the ENA commercial reps the opportunity to review it at that time . Kay
Please prepare Sheila and I notebooks with the following emails and attachments printed ( all located in my GE General email folder): Stephen Swift May 10 re warranty Stephen Swift May 10 re performance tests Thompson May 10 issues list Thompson May 11 Agreement version 4 Thompson May 11 Exhibits Thanks ! Kay
Sheila and I discussed using the time at 130 CDT for an internal discussion , bringing her up-to-speed on the issues and discussing action items . Nothing set in concrete , though . Kay
I have Michael's name pinned on my bulletin board at work , so he is in my thoughts and prayers daily . Good luck ! Kay
John , After considerning what you told me about the job ( and what you didn't tell me) , I've decided to decline the job you aren't offering me . Kay
FYI , I have a call with Wilson and David scheduled for Thursday am .
I'll defer to Sheila on timing .
FYI . Maybe I should take this project if we want to keep AE . Kay
Looks like 200 Friday , May 18th for a status/download meeting . Suz , please find a room and notify folks and their assistants . Thanks , Kay
I have 30 minutes at 930 ( 1000am meeting )
I think we need an internal review to develop responses to positions as outlined in PT's memo . Kay
Hi there , We need the exact name of the YC entity which will be buying the gas . Is it Yazoo City or the YCPC , or what ? Same info is required for Clarksdale , although not as urgently . If you will email me the addresses of all who need to review this , the YC contract will be ready tomorrow . Thanks , Kay
Absolutely .
I took a crack at tightening up the E Next assignment language as it exists in the overrides , for inclusion in WH form: Peter , could you take first cut at the override letter ? We may be having an internal meeting at 930 central , and if so , will you be available by phone if necessary ? Suz , please put the attachment in the notebook . Thanks , Kay
I have a conflict at 130 . Rose has been reliable at showing up and participating , so I suggest that she be included , although it sounds like she 'll be with John .
Anytime 9-11 Friday if fine .
Between 11-130; 215-400 today , almost anytime Friday , other than 2-3 .
Hi Kara , Michael has been seeing a speech/language therapist , and recently she raised an issue about Michael's ability to "blend and unblend" sounds in words , specifically as it relates to reading readiness . She had this conversation with Neil , so I don't know the details . We are meeting with her today to get more input , but I wanted to mention it to you , just in case you had a comment . I know this is something we can discuss at Michael's conference on May 31st , but if you would like to discuss it before hand , I can be reached at 713 304 8716 9 ( cell) , 713 345 -7566 ( office - just tell my asst you are Michael's Thanks so much , Kay
I knew you would figuer out something !
Otra mas . We'll need to change the date of the doc once we have an idea of when it will be signed . Kay
Taking asset management to a new level of pain . Commericial vision is to form a joint venture with NRG to manage a portfolio of generation assets . I'm meeting with Janelle et al at 10:00 to discuss what we want to do . Kay
I suggested yesterday that you ask Sheila about the timeframe , and you told me you would just go ahead and do it . I'll just tell her it isnt' ready . It doesn't matter to me . Kay
I think that's fine .
Thanks for the note . I was wondering about that .
no more than an hour . Yes .
Wow . I haven't seen Dan like that . Thanks for the books .
I don't remember a PPA for Homestead . I'll check , though . Kay
I'm remembering now . It was a term sheet which was never executed , as far as I know . I believe FPL prepared it , and we may have commented on it . Let me see what I can find . Kay
I've made some revisions the Bill's document to make sure we are on the same page before I prepare the LOI . Do we want to give any sort of description of how the benchmark will be set ? Do we want to mention the cancellation provisions ? Thanks , Kay
Ben , Here's what you requested . I do not recommend this MOU , as there are several problems with it , Is there something I can help you with ? Kay
Are you here ? I wanted to get those Intergen consents done and out of the way . Also , DDuran needs to sign the Northwestern guaranty ( Oz signed but they want more copies) , and I thought it would be best if you initialled .
Well , aren't you hangin' with the big dogs . No big deal . Kay
fyi . Don't know if any of your folks ever attend this kind of thing . Kay
I'll give it a look .
Hi Carlos , Just a reminder that you emails may be discoverable , especially when you include any "lay person" other than Ben . I know you know this , but as a former trial type , I just can't help myself . Kay
We aren't required to , but I don't see a downside to sending it .
We need a confidentiality agreement relating to asset management services for Intergen . We may have a confidentiality agreement in place - please check with K Young . It probably won't cover this . Plus , I think this should be in the name of EPMI - Reagan , what do you think ? Thanks , Kay
This is still very early in the process , but some thought as to structure options for earning recognition might be worthwhile . Kay
Herman , I mentioned the bridge loan , and Ben was concerned that it might be difficult to get that done before the end of Q2 . A topic for Friday . Kay
Hi KC , It would be a big help if you could take the NorthWestern guaranty sig pages to Marissa after D Duran has signed them . Thanks , Kay
Fairley loves Bill Bryant . However , Bill have given us some bad advice re: Florida siting act . Marchris has the authority to hire who he wants to on regulatory side , but I wouldn't touch him for deal counsel . Sheila has details . Kay
It will take me awhile to find it . Please ask Linda Simmons .
Hi there . I have not received my password yet . Do I use the one from the end of 2000 ? Thanks , Kay
Can't think of anyone .
By the way , Bryant's bill should go to Marchris , not you . Marchris will know that .
Did Steve S ask that it be added to the list ? I would let them bring it up if he didn't . We spent quite a bit of time and effort on the LOL clause , and it was subject to lots of give and take . Kay
Doug , Here's the revised CA . I highlighted the changed terms . In addition , I deleted the prior paragraph 11 which said that the agreement supercedes a prior CA . I don't know if the InterGen indentity and signatory are the same , but obviously I left that for you to determine . I expect that the Enron entity which will bid will be EPMI , so I used that entity . I beefed up the definition of confidential information due to the complexity of the issues , and I added 6 months to the term since things won't get cranked up for a while . I look forward to talking to you at your convenience . Have a good weekend . Kay
Please prepare a bcc on the Siemens letter as indicated below .
I will be impressed if they can close by July 15 , when they don't have their financing lined up on May 18 . Oh well . I'll send the assignment doc to JS via email . Ben , I'll be down shortly . Kay
I would like to attend . Thanks , Kay
Tell him he is dropping to the B list . It was sent via fax to her . Kay
I like your letter .
Please print two originals of this CA ( in my CA directory ) InterGen North America CA May 18 rev 1 . Thanks , Kay
I have revised the option form consistent ( except where noted ) with comments sent by Herman and Lisa , and have attached a redline version . Herman , I dealt with your comment regarding the defn of Optionee by tinkering a little with the 1st paragraph . I also construed your comment regarding Enron's right to terminate the option to NOT preclude termination if our counterparty is in default . Please confirm that this is acceptable . Lisa , I did not change the notice info since the first entity will the the project co , with ENA Legal receiving a copy . Please advise if you have any comments . Kay
This look ok ? It will be presented to Dave Duran to execute Monday am unless you suggest otherwise . Kay
This is the most recent thing I have from GE specifically on LOL and indemnity . Our memories appear to be correct this time , unless I'm missing something from my file . Kay
Here's a rough cut . Let me know what you think . The fuel cells will be subjected to testing after installation to ensure that each fuel cell meets the performance criteria prior to CRRA accepting the units . These tests will measure heat rate , electrical output , air emissions , noise levels and water consumption , and will last at least one hour each . In addition , a seventy-two hour test will be run to ascertain that each unit is capable of producing the required output without outages . The final test protocol will establish the number of tests to be performed . Heather: There was a proposed ASME standard relating to the testing of fuel cells , but I don't know if it has been adopted yet . If it has been , we could make reference to that fact that the tests will be conducted in conformance with ASME PT-50 , or whatever it is . I'm sure Ric knows . Kay
Hi Stuart , I believe the plant manager was going to call someone at SW , to keep the communication lines open . I'll be glad to draft a friendly letter to follow up . Kay
9.6 Additional Factory Testing .  In the event that Purchaser reasonably determines that a factory test conducted by Seller or its Subcontractors was not conducted properly or theresults of the test were inconclusive Purchaser may required Seller to repeat such test in a fashion as to obtain conclusive results . Purchaser may request Seller or its Subcontractors to perform one or more of its factory tests using more precise instrumentation than planned , or conduct a test not in Seller,s or its Subcontractor,s standard factory test program . In the case of a Purchaser request for an additional non standardfactory test the conduct of such test shall be subject to mutual agreement by the parties . In the event as a result of such Purchaser requested repeat test , ormore precise instrumentation or non standard test the Equipment is found to notbe compliant with the requirements of this Agreement , Seller shall correctsuch noncompliance and the cost and time associated with such testing shallbe to Seller,s account . If the Equipment is found to be compliant with this Agreement , Seller shall be eligible for a Change Orderfor the cost and timeassociated with such testing .
Reagan , I've requested the issuance of a draft master ( gas ) for Clarksdale . Yazoo has theirs in hand , but I haven't heard any of any comments . The power side is a bit more complicated . Yazoo City and Clarksdale have not cut a deal between them to determine how to buy power - whether it should be bought by MDEA ( easier in some accounting respects , but credit is more of an issue ) or by the individual Cities . Maybe this should be on the list for our 300 meeting . Kay
Thanks .
I'll discuss with Carlos .
I'm leaving now anyway .
Ben , I'll take a look at it today , you night owl . Hope the kids cut you some slack after your late night . You're missing our last week of nice weather for the season . It was 65 degress this am . I'm taking Herman to the game tonight , which will be wonderful in this weather . Next comes 90 degrees . Michael had his first soccer practice yesterday - actually a skills assessment to put them on teams . He loved it . His big sister and her boyfriend took him to buy soccer clothes afterwards . He is wearing his shin guards and soccer shorts to school today . Too cute . Hope you are enjoying your little ones . Kay
Hi David , Either email or handwritten works for me . I would just as soon have everything now , if it is possible to get it to me in the today or tomorrow . In discussing the extension yesterday , the consensus was that we should extend until June 29th . If the deal gets done sooner , we can always have the new doc supercede the old one . I'm copying Heather and Reagan so that they can let me know if I've got it wrong . Thanks , Kay
One point you were checking was the CA . Any luck ? I called pulled off track on a couple of things , but I can get back to this now . Billy Fleenor says he has some thoughts on structure from a M-to-M standpoint . Are you guys interested in having that conversation at this time ? Kay
Please advise if you think this is ready to go to GE .
If Carlos has reviewed it I don't need to comment .
Since AEWhite will be out of the office for the next two and a half weeks , I've volunteered for to cover her power development work in Florida . Just in case you don't have my numbers: office 713 345 7566 home 713 973 6325 cell As a heads up , I believe Rose Engeldorf , the Global Finance lawyer who helps us process documents , will be on vacation beginning June 2 . Anything which may need to be blessed can probable be done a bit more easily before Rose leaves . Thanks , Kay
Here's a free look at someone else's deal . I don't know what role Enron has in the deal after sell down . Kay
Hi there , I need to get with Lee Johnson on another deal , and I know he will ask about LV CoGen . Anything I should tell him ? Thanks , Kay
Do you know if we had TECO sign a confidentiality agreement ? Who is the counterparty to the participation agreement ? I thought we were just sending out the public documents . Thanks , Kay
Hello . I gave the Matagorda County Fair & Livestock Association $2050 , and filled out the form for the match . Please advise if this has been paid , as they are sending me a bill for the $2050 , plus a finance charge . Thank you , Kay Mann
Anything posted on DealBench ?
Lisa , I haven't gotten the executed docs back , but I'll send you the electronic version if that works for you . Timing is as follows: Northwestern gives 30 days notice of readiness to close . If the closing does not occur before July 16 , they make another $5m payment . 10 days after notice , they fund the balance into escrow , and we close 20 days later . If they fail to close on or before Sept 1 , they forfeit their previous payments , unless we have failed to provide the GE consent to assignment , which we are working on now . I've given this timeline without looking at the doc , so I will let you know if I missed something . Hopes this helps . Kay
Did you tell her yes yes yes ?
Bad Kay bad bad bad Kay . I'll do it now .
I have a tolling arrangement to work on . I'm trying to get my hands on the Black Hills tolling agreement . Can someone point me in the right direction to find it ? Thanks , Kay
I'm on a conference call . Could you call Charlotte ASAP and review the plan for tonight . Paige is in her car if you need her input .
This PPA has a good overview of scheduling of power ( no gas element) , and was fully vetted with the power group .
Hi John , I believe Ben Jacoby has mentioned our deal with NorthWestern . In connection with that transaction , we have prepared the attached assignment and consent , which is patterned after the Pastoria form . We would like to get it wrapped up in the next two weeks , if possible . Please let Ben or me know if you have any questions .
I know a couple of their lawyers from a prior transaction ( Doug Turner and their GC , whose name I've now forgotten) . Don't know who they will have on this one . I'm off to the Astros , but would like to visit with you tomorrow , if you will be around . Thanks , Kay
Greg , You can call me on whatever you have , including Midway , SDEC and Medley Dunn . If I have a problem getting to something , I'll find help . Kay
Here's what we sent them .
I wouldn't use an LLC with an prior history . We might have to get the old stuff approved in order to put the equity into TurboPark . If the LLC paid for an interconnect study , it could be a hard cost and we are dead . I know this seems silly , but hey , it is !
Question for the team: If it appears that we may have land which may not be able to stay off balance sheet , is it preferable to have the land held by a different LLC than the project LLC , with a lease to the E-Next/OBS compliant project co ? If that is the case , what about the possibility of burdening the land with some low dollar hard costs ? I don't have anything in particular in mind , it is more of a theoretical question . Thanks , Kay
How much is it and should this be the final amount ? One thought I have is that maybe we can retool the option agreement so that we pay them a flat fee , which is enough to cover the expenditures . Don't know if this works , but it is one thought . What do you think ? Kay
I'm on the phone with GE . Their initial response to the assignment stuff is positive . They want a letter which sets out the ownership of the LLC and what we are doing on payment . I've been working on TECO term sheet , but I'm not sure I'll be done by 300 , depending on this call . Kay
Steve Swift and Jeff Darst , although Jeff is off the call now .
I was waiting but he did not bring it up . Probably saving it .
YIKES .
At the risk of making you crazy , I've come up with a suggested rework of the term sheet , as I was having horrible problems with formatting when I was doing revisions . Now all I have to do is fill in the blanks . I'm ready when you are .
Could you email me the option agreement ?
I'm working . Not a choice , a necessity . Good night to grill.. .
I've skimmed it . I see that the option expires August 9th . Are we planning to renew it ? If so maybe we can renew early and fix what we can to preserve some optionality ( no pun intended ) and cover the fee issue . Might take too long to address the immediate issue . I don't see anyway we can get around the balance sheet issue unless we let the option expire and then reoption , but in that case the option payment would have to be smaller ( acct says an option of 5% creates a problem as it would be considered a down payment) . Just fyi . Kathleen , was the option recorded , or just a memo of option , or neither ? I'm just wondering what is public info . Herman is out of the office today , but I can discuss the fee issue to get his vote . More to come.. .
Here are issues which I'm unclear about , all of which impact the drafting of the agreement: How are we setting the heat rate ? Do we have the GADS ( ?) ? Is it a daily average , weekly average ? Flat rate ? Adjusted ? If so , how often ? Are we comfortable that there are no permit restrictions ? We have determined that we won't deal with fuel oil , right ? We aren't making money on gas , right ? Do we have a defn of costs that we like yet , and if so , how does it fit in to the picture ? Is there an up-to-date set of exhibits ? It would help if theh commercial part of the team could send me the following , in words and/or formulae: The defn and method of establishing the bogey ( target production cost ) formula can be an exhibit , which would be great for the commercial team to work on . Are we determined how we should deal with imbalances ( part of cost of power) ? How are we setting the bogey ? Formula ? Subject to audit ? Two bogeys or one ( gas and oil) ? What is defn of profit ? I think I have the general idea , but a sentence or two would be helpful as a reality check . What costs are included on the buy and sell side ? Re stack model: a sentence or two describing what it is and how it is used . Updated exhibit on facilities , contracted resources , operating limits . What information does MDEA need for us to provide in order to split costs/profits ? Are we clear that Cities buy gas , MDEA buys/sells power ? It would be great if I could get one set of answers to these questions/issues , which has commercial buy in all around . Thanks , Kay
One project co is good enough .
Gentlemen , I've been told that the parties have agreed to extend the letter agreement until June 15 , and that we will have a signed long term document by then . David , I would think I simple letter agreement should work . I can get it working from here . I'm working on what was the most recent form that I had re the long term deal , which should address some of David's issues . I'm not sure yet when I'll have it done , but it has moved up the list of priorities . Talk to you soon , I'm sure . Kay
Hi . Did the CA get signed and sent , and did it come back ? Thanks , Kay
Unless the first option expires ( and the original premium is expensed) , you add the original payment to the renewal premium to determine the percentage . If we can't beat the percentage game , we can have the land on the balance sheet and that won't put the entire project on it . Don't ask me to splain that , because I can't . If the land is going to be on the balance sheet , you would think that it would be better to have $1.3 on than $4.2 . However , one thing I don't know ( haven't asked ) is what the environmental restrictions are with our financing vehicle . I don't know if the land has to be clean before it can go into the vehicle . I can ask . If it is required to be clean , then you may be back to the $4.2 anyway . Kay PS . Feel like Alice in Wonderland yet ?
Okey dokey .
As far as I know the commissioning period we have in the current LM contracts still works for the LMs . I haven't heard any differently . You just plugthose things in , right Scott ? From the owner/power seller standpoint , the predictability is more importanthan the time period ( within reason , of course) . No matte what we have onLDs with GE , the penalty for not moving megawatts will be more . As for standard of conduct , do we have language in the warranty section abohow the service techs have to work ? Maybe something similiar would be work ? The discussion shows that it is a good idea to get them committed to performing the TD of I at the time we sign up to buy the turbines .
Way cool . I'd let Reagan follow up .
Don't know the answers . We need to visit with Herman Manis to get his buy-in on an approach . I have a call in to him on another transaction , so I'll ask . Are you in Houston today ? Didn't really deal with her .
Hi Greg , The agreement isn't attached . ( I do that ALL the time. )
Looks like 230 today is good for all three of us re: option issues . We will meet in Herman's office on 33 . Kay
Who will/can sign the turbine contract for Enron ? Thanks , Kay
More: We need internal agreement on the cancellation fee schedule , to be included as an exhibit . What is the status of the Yazoo City master gas agreement ? Do we still want a master gas agreement for Clarksdale , also ? Do we want it now ? Thanks , Kay
1 . Need details re item 1 below . Please suggest language ( band of acceptability , etc ) which I will massage and incorporate . 6 . Do I have the latest draft of Marketing/Risk policies ? 7 . Bogey calc only addresses gas . What if the fuel of choice is fuel oil ? Does the fuel cost and heat rate change ? Please point me to the defn of profit by cutting and pasting from wherever it is . I did a quick search and couldn't find it , but I didn't do a page turn to locate it . Thanks , Kay
Question: Do we have a schedule of assets to be involved in the transaction ? I recall that Janelle had some stuff that wasn't on the list . Thanks , Kay
calendar , please
Here's the first draft re the deal which needs structuring help: Please let me know when you are available to meet on this . Thanks , Kay
check out q and a #2 below .
They all have it now . I thought you would enjoy this one . Did you hear about the protest in Enron's Chicago office . 40 ACORN members stormed in , demanding that Gregg Penman fax a letter to Ken Lay . No kidding .
I've volunteered Kathleen to help process the paper .
The other deal I did with TECO had the same inhouse lawyer . He's just fine .
Glad I gave you such a GLOWING review .
How depressing would it be to be at EECC ?
Not a word .
Hi Wilson , We discussed asking the counterparties for opinion letters . Could you outline what you think we should ask for , or alternatively , just draft it ? Thanks , Kay
Absolutely . Kay
Please print all attachments and make a folder: Tolling ( Enron tolling) . Thanks , Kay
Hi there , I would like to have one email with electronic versions of the letter agreement , and all the attachments except the turbine contract . Thanks , Kay
Here's a first draft of the NRG loi . Kay
Thanks . Did I tell you that I spoke with GE about the assignment , and their initial response was very positive . NorthWestern is predicting closing in July . Kay
Wouldn't it be nice to not have a fire drill at the end ? At least we will be ready . I'm can't wait to see what their lenders will come up with . Ben's hoping it will fall through and he can sell these again , I think . Kay
Yes , E-Next . You might advise Jeff that we will probably need a substitute Kay
You might check the letter agreement re escrow and see what it says .
never received a pass word .
Hi Kara , I haven't written because I haven't figured out what we learned at the meeting . We can discuss next week at our conference . We are arranging to have Michael re-tested . I think it is more of an issue of a difference between potential and performance . Michael has been tested in the past , and tests as extraordinarily bright , but he has had some performance issues which don't match up . At least that's how I understand it . He just has some disconnects which we are working to overcome , but I must admit to not understanding it all . I left you a note about Michael possibly missing next week . After I dropped him off this am , I had a thought that next week might be when they visit in 1st grade , in which case we probably wouldn't want him to miss that opportunity . I think he is excited about 1st grade , so you must be doing a great job of getting the kids prepared . Thanks for everything , and see you next week ! Kay
My suggestions:
Schedule reflects amount due for cancellation on or before the stated dates ?
When I was at the site it said that it had sent a new password to me at kay.mann@enron.com . Didn't get here . I give up .
I don't understand the last sentence .
It is too big for Ben . Maybe Dave Duran ?
Here's how I would do it . ( llc and its permitted assignees hereinafter referred to as "Optionee") , a____________________________________ , L.L.C. , a Delaware limited liability , This is consistent with option . Revise like this and send out again to Herman . thanks
Hi Ben , I've given it a quick look . Looks a lot different from when I last saw it . I don't see a triggering event on the obligations in 2 a . Was there another fix agreed to by all ( maybe the "as required by law" language? ) Also , any idea why the service charge language was deleted in b ? Maybe it isn't a problem . Also , do you have a copyy of the site plan approval ? Talk to you soon , Kay
Tough question . What happens if they don't pay their legal bills ? Won't they have difficulty closing ? We can pay their consulting fee up front . Maybe we can pay it into an escrow account . What is our concern ? They don't have to use lawyers if they don't want to , and Shutts doesn't have to work for them if they are uncomfortable . Obviously , Shutts has the ability to quote an upfront retainer . I'm sure they've thought of that all ready . I guess I'm not clear on our level of involvement with their lawyers . I believe my availability is good for Wednesday . Kay
1st thing 1st . Here's a draft of the extension letter: Kay
Herman blessed this letter , but I think it needs to pass through your hands also . Kay
I've taken the liberty of drafting a form of extension letter to extend the ILA until June 15 . I suspect Reagan will be distributing to the commercial folks , but I thought I would give you a heads up . David , I'm at work on revising the longer term doc . If you have your preamble stuff ready , I'm happy to put it in now . Thanks , Kay PS The salutation is to "Gentlemen" . Are the members of the commission and MDEA all men ? I don't want to commit a blunder .
Congrats ! I sent this on to the lawyer for Global Finance ( TurboPark team) , also , as part of SOP .
yes , yes , and yes . You're on a roll... .
print job , please . How was your weekend ? I had a good one .
What is your preference when there is a conflict between the interim agreement and the last draft ( v23 ) of the ESMA . ( For instance , the definition of ancillary services. ) Shall I just ignore the ILA , or does it represent the customers' expectations ? Kay
It needs to be sent to Lisa Bills , Roseann Engeldorf , and Ben Jacoby for approval . Thanks , Kay
I have a pretty cool portable play pen you can have if you want .
This stuff is so much better than it was 20 years ago . It is amazing how things have changed . Did you know that they now tell you to have babies sleep on their backs ? That is totally different from when Paige was a baby . It was hard to get used to . Kay
So have you figured out how to use the portal from home ? I just discovered it yesterday ( while at the office) . We went to Arlington for my nephew's high school graduation , which was fine . Sunday we had dinner with Dan Lyons and spouse , which was wonderful . Yesterday I cooked , shopped , and puttered in the yard . Got the last caladium bulbs in the ground . I like to wait until they are on sale . The weekend just flew by . "They" say sleeping on backs reducing risks of sudden infant death syndrome . Go figure . At least you can see their beautiful faces while they sleep . Car seats , strollers and diapers are 100x better now . Especially the diapers . Yesterday I had a feeling that your grandbaby is a boy . Just came to me in the kitchen . I have a 50/50 chance of being right ! When I was in Austin I used an "above the water" pedal kayak . Talk about easy . Neil is talking about us renting to see what we like best . The above the water is more stable than I expected . I had assumed that it would be tippy , but it really wasn't . Hope you have high water and not hell next weekend .
need defn of above
Sounds good if you would like to forward to counter parties . I've sent a draft to their counsel all ready ( D Hunt and Hemleben) .
Rogelio , Congratulations . That is quite an honor . Regards , Kay Mann
I need a Heather deal to work on . Good luck in Conn ! Kay
I have a note on my calendar that Michael has an appt with SS today . Has it been cancelled ?
I'm available any time Friday , and tomorrow afternoon is fine , especially after 230 . Kay
Well , that's something I hadn't heard before . They should let that be known , don't you think ? At least now WE know it ! Kay
Please email me a brief overview of what these documents are , how they fit into the overall picture , and the issues which need the most scrutiny . Additionally , have these been evaluated in light of Enron's balance sheet and financing issues ? Thanks , Kay
This place is more difficult than it needs to be .
I don't know if David Hunt will have comments . In any event , Marvin , Bob and the MDEA rep needs to reveiw it . Reagan has my current requests . Kay
I'm thinking my last email was unclear . I assume that someone from the commercial team will send ( or has sent ) the extension letter to MDEA , YC , and Clarksdale's commercial reps for their review . I assume that the commercial reps with YC , MDEA , and Clarksdale will get whatever legal input they want from their own lawyers if they think it is necessary ( may not) , but as a courtesy , I sent drafts to the two lawyers I know about . Kay
Figured you did , but better to be safe than sorry !
Could you email me the list of issues you have encountered thus far . Ben really wants me to check with you . ( I'm so proud!! ) Kay
Both of these are capitalized terms in rev 23 . Is there a difference ? Load Projection Model is in definitions , but Load Forecasting Model is used quite a bit .
done
Yes , however , I could use an electronic version if one is readily available ( I have the PDF) . Thanks , Kay
Anytime which works for you is fine , as this is more important than my other meeting .
Chris , The docs you sent me that I asked about are titled: Declaration of Covenants , Conditions and Restrictions for Midway Grove , and Articles of Incorporation of Midway Grove Property Owners Association , Inc . I'm a bit unclear as to how the attached relate to those docs , but I must confess to having not read all of the previously sent documents or the two docs on this email . It would help if you could connect the dots for me . Thanks , Kay
for calendar , especially 930
How's Glenn doing with my binder ? Lots of Midway activity this week . Thanks , Kay
Quien es mas macho ?
Hi Doug , I hear you are working on the Midway deal . Me , too . I want to go back to the restaurant you suggested with the remarkable decor and wine list ( was it Burns , something like that?) . I look forward to working with you on this one . Kay
Wanna come up ?
200 is late enough for anyone to be out . I'm all for the limo taking people home at that time . I am concerned about Michael AND about imposing on Donnie and Lynn . Are you taking Friday off ? Kay
If it were me I'd go for the standard limo , mostly because I've never seen the other kind .
I'm desperate . HELP!!!!! ! We have a meeting with Duran et al today , and I really wanted to brouse through this before then .
( 20 ) If and when a new RTO begins operation , seek to provide Scheduling Services [term used correctly?] and to satisfy required RTO rules and protocols in accordance with RTO requirements .
Did he say what happened ? I thought he wasn't taking her until next week .
Please print 4 execution copies of this from my o drive Please date the letter today . Thanks ,
Attached is a brief letter which has been approved by Herman , and which isnow presented for your review and approval . Greg Krause is the commerciallead , currently in Florida . His cell phone number is 713 857 0369 . Kay Mr . Alberto Gonzalez Transmission Business Manager 4200 West Flagler Street Miami , Florida 33134 Re: Letter of Agreement Regarding Interconnection Development Services forthe Midway Development Company , L.L.C . Dear Mr . Gonzalez: Consistent with the results of the Feasibility and Facilities Studies anddiscussions that have been held to date between Florida Power & Light Compa(&FPL8 ) and Midway Development Company , L.L.C and its designees referred to as &MDC8 , by this letter MDC authorizes FPL to perform the necessary studies , analysis and other activities required to develop and support a schedule thnecessary for a potential power project to interconnect with FPL,s transmission grid system and receive back-feed by March 15 , 2002 . MDC authorizes FPL to utilize the one hundred twenty-two thousand dollars($122,000.00 ) currently on deposit with FPL for Feasibility and Facility Studies to cover the cost of this work The scope of this work will be determined by MDC and FPL based on ongoingdiscussions and may be altered or modified by mutual consent from time totime . FPL will inform MDC periodically of their progress and if additional fundsare required to finance this work . Please acknowledge concurrence to the above between FPL and MDC by executinduplicate originals of this Letter of Agreement prior to returning to FPL for final execution . Sincerely , Ben Jacoby Director Enron North America AGREED AND ACCEPTED: Florida Power & Light Company Vice President , Transmission Operations & Planning
I'm not doing a good job of time management , so yoga is looking doubtful .
I would like a copy of the Pompano Beach and Deerfield Site Plan Approvals , please . Thanks , Kay
Here are my initial comments: There's no clear triggering event which would expedite the internal approval process . For instance , paragraph 3 is a current obligation ( re landscaping) . It would be easier to process this agreement if the effectiveness of this agreement commences when we file for a building permit . I understand that we would have to pay some of this prior to the time the permit is issued , but again , magic words help . Paragraph 6 on right of first refusal for power . Looks like a free call for the next 30 years . Just want to make sure you've bought in on this . Other than the obvious valuation impact , it could impact a purchaser's ability to obtain project financing . Kay
How do I get on the list for the form ? Could you pretty please check for me ? Thanks , Kay
This place amazes me ! Thanks for your help . I have no patience for it . We went to Michael's school conference today . His teacher raved about how everyone just loves Michael . He is so sweet . He is staying with my folks this week , and the 3 of us miss him so badly . I can't wait for him to come home . Neil is going to meet my folks and Michael in Palacios this Friday , and spend the weekend there , bringing him home on Sunday . I've got to take Roscoe for his last mange shot , so I'm staying . Plus , I spent last weekend with my folks , and too much exposure doesn't work for us . I hope to PURGE the house of all the junk I have . I hope it is raining , because that is great cleaning weather . I want to see bare space in my closet . I think I'll call the Women's Center and see what type of stuff they need . I'm planning on taking next Thursday and Friday off . Next Thursday is Paige's 21st birthday , so we have great plans . Do you know anywhere that can enlarge a photo and mount it on a board ? I still get a bill for the card they used previously for my phone . Go figure . I need to send off my Tx tax and bar dues today . I'll want to fed ex , just in case you are sending anyone else's today . Thanks , Kay
Yes , because they are deducting pretax dollars for parking .
So where are you kayaking this weekend ?
I would mention Carlos in the email , or have it shown as sent by him . If it were me ( and not him) , I would have you send it under your own name , but explain that you are helping Carlos .
Thanks , but I'm throwing away junk all weekend . Neil will be gone... .
Maybe it is on the development phone list . I don't have it at hand .
I've got the crib , a playpen , red and blue check bumpers for the crib , a never used airplane baby swing you hang on a trees ( our trees were too tall) , perhaps a jogging stroller ( don't think we gave it away) , and I don't know what else . All have "baby Carnahan" on it . Will she give the baby her last name ? That would be cool . I met someone ( a guy ) named Kayne . Yes , I know it looks like Kay , but I thought it sounded cool . Kayne Carnahan . Opps , sounds like a bull rider !
I'm still waiting on David Hunt to send me some stuff , which would really help move the document along . I'll ask again if i can get it from him . There are still internal questions in it , which I have annotated . I'm happy for you to look at it fairly shortly , especially if you can give definitive commercial direction . Do you feel that the commercial team is finished with the exhibits ? I haven't worked on them , but I suspect the exhibits need work . I know the bogey calc doc is a bit rough . Do you still owe me the emergency transmission cut stuff ? Early next week is better than later , and Thursday and Friday are huge problem days for me . When are you thinking of meeting with Beck ? Anyway to combine the two at once , given the short timeframe ? Has Dave signed the extension , by the way ? Kay
It should be signed and on its way . I've heard that they are trying to schedule a meeting for Monday , so I'm trying to get a draft of the agreement out . Do you think you will have a chance to send me the preamble stuff ? I know it doesn't seem like a big deal , but I will feel better if I understand who's on first , so to speak/ Thanks , Kay
That reminds me . There used to be a "gift department" that blessed such things . I don't remember where it is - PR ? I wonder who would know ?
How cool is that .
I can't locate the electronic version of Costs that David prepared . Can you resend it to me ?
What about this ? Is this the QSE defn ? &Scheduling Entity8 means an entity contemplated to be recognized by SPP , and fully qualified under SPP rules and regulations , to schedule the transmission of Energy , Capacity and Ancillary Services from the Facilities .
Thanks .
That means it is recognized , not "contemplated to be recognized" , then ? Ithere such a thing as a recognized scheduling entity , or do you just scheduon their behalf ?
Please fill in the blank: &First Contingency Transmission Outage8 means
If there are any other resolutions , etc that they want , I would let them prepare them . Thanks a bunch , Kay
You're killing me . We have no definition for first contingency must run . Isthis the same as First Contingency Emergency Dispatch ?
yes , thanks
Yes , I'm officially in Elizabeth's group . I need to ask her for a flat screen monitor .
I just like to make Margie work . So do you think they'll fire Dierker ? I guess you heard Lima is heading to the bullpen .
You know ES doesn't work Fridays , so that takes away one day of opportunity to approve them , plus she hasn't had an assistant . Maybe things will improve . She is very excited about her new assistant .
Here's where I am . I haven't finished all of your changes . Please look for bold stuff , that's where I have questions . If no question is given , I'm looking for your confirmation .
Good afternoon , I am circulating a draft of the long term agreement for your review . There are still holes , but hopefully it sets out the basic commercial deal . Please note that we are anticipating a Monday meeting . Therefore , we have sent this out without the usual internal review . We hope to have a set of exhibits shortly . Talk to you soon , Kay
Have I signed this yet ?
Hi Greg , I just wanted to mention that if we are going to bust the percentage rule on the option payment , there is no incremental damage in having the option payment credited to the purchase price of the land . As for officers of the development company , I would use Dave Duran . Ben holds a power of attorney , but isn't an officer . Hope you get email ! Kay
Hello . The commercial team has asked that I forward this document to you for review . It is a development agreement for a project in Florida . We have attempted to address the accounting/E-Next issues , but please advise of any desired changes . Thank you , Kay PS Pardon the formatting . It will be cleaned up by those with the ability to do so .
Hi there . Is the site plan approval a different document than the development order ? Thanks , Kay
Please calendar for me .
I give up . How in the world did you jump to that crazy conclusion ?
hey , you're on vacation . NO WORKING
I think Ben's time frame is realistic . I assume we will enter into an assignment and assumption agreement with Sithe , to which GE will consent . In addition , we may need an override letter to the turbine contract to address the E-Next/accounting issues . GE is familiar with what we need in for E-Next , which should help expedite matters . Kay
Steve , Merchant Energy Ventures doesn't have auditable financials , but NorthWestern Corporation will give GE a corporate guaranty for MEV . Let me know if you run into difficulty verifying their financial status , as I'm sure we can get you something . In addition , Enron North America will have the responsibility to make the future payments to GE as these payment obligations exist as of the closing . Kay
then browse !
BELIZE FISHING Five Nights High / Low Seven Nights Plantation Room Windsor Suite Prices are in US$ and per Couple . High Season: November 1 , 2000 through May 15 , 2001 Low Season: May 16 , 2001 through December 15 , 2001 Guided trips for mackerel , grouper and snapper . Fly-fish for tarpon and bonefish or troll for wahoo and barracuda . YOUR FISHING PACKAGE INCLUDES: Round-trip air transfers between Belize City and San Pedro; ? Transfers to and from the resort; ? Overnight accommodations in a casita or deluxe room , double occupancy; ? All Hotel taxes , baggage handling and gratuities; ? Welcome cocktail on arrival; ? Full meal plan: breakfast , lunch , dinner daily; ? Three half days of flats or reef fishing - 5 night package; Four half days or flats or reef fishing - 7 night package; If you like , the Chef can prepare your catch of the day! ? Rates are in U.S . Dollars per couple , double occupancy . Additional nights and/or other accommodations may be available and priced accordingly . Prices valid high season and low season only . A $200.00 per person deposit is required to make reservations . Final payment is due 45 days prior to travel . Not included are bar drinks , items of a personal nature and tips for guides . Unused package features are non-refundable . International airfare not included , but available . Inland Belize adventures may also be arranged . A valid U.S . passport is required to visit Belize. ? Contact us for further details or if you wish to make a reservation. ?
okey dokey . I'd let Marissa mess with sending it out . Kay
Mark Haedicke approved the hiring of King & Spalding for this matter . I will drop Mr . Derrick a voice mail , but I would faint if he objected . John , we need to talk about the sale of the LLC , and the generation of a draft doc re same . Please let me know if you are available today to discuss this transaction with Sr . Jacoby and me . Additionally , it would be helpful to discuss the tolling arrangement with Ken . Thanks , Kay
I haven't heard anything from David or Scott . Have you heard anything from Marvin or Bob ? Is there a meeting confirmed for Monday ? I'm on another conference call re landfill . Yikes . Kay
Elizabeth , I would like to have a flat screen monitor , if possible . Thank you , Kay
Well , let's try someplace else . What can you think of in walking distance ? It is a lunch for a new lawyer in our group . Kay
attachment contains overview
Ben , I made a minor adjustment to the LOI re: exclusivity . Policy states that any time we sign up to exclusivity we are supposed to get it approved by Mark Metts , Tim Detmering and the CEO of the affected business unit . Seems a little silly in this case , but it can't hurt . ( yes , I know we didn't do it with the turbine stuff ) Kay
You are referring to the purchase and sale agreement , right ? I'm not asking him to do anything on the LOI . I haven't spoken to him in person . I'll address it when we connect . Are you available this afternoon to talk to him with me ? Kay
I don't believe we need Keffer's input to process the LOI . I can have their power guy look at the term sheet if we think we are done with it .
FYI . Please read .
I need the name of the other party involved in Ft Pierce so that John can clear conflicts .
I can't open the form , but I'm good for $50 . Is this something Enron can match ?
Enron is trying to buy some GE turbines to use in projects .
FYI and Ken's review ( no offense , John) .
Good luck !
Hi Billy , Can you take a look at this since the Hermanator is out ? Thanks , Kay
As requested , here is the current draft of the Midway LOI . The counter party has not seen this draft yet , so this is still preliminary . I'm reviewing the term sheet re toll . Kay
David , Do you know if we are meeting on Monday ? I haven't heard the final word . Kay
Kathleen , John Keffer , Bill Parrish and Andy Schifrin need access to Midway on Deal Bench . Can you handle this for me ? Thanks , Kay
I'll work on them over the weekend .
if you insist.. .
Very out of date , but indicative of the current structure . Stay tuned .
Hmm . Not typical . Reorg ?
I hear Oz will be there , too . How fun !
another puzzle piece
much grass
I vote for you .
Any first class upgrades available ?
I'll be there , too .
Attached are draft of more of the exhibits for discussion purposes . See you tomorrow , Kay
I believe I land in Memphis around 930 Central . I'll try to call in if mycell works . Kay
I can't find any call in info for the conference call on Monday . I may be reachable on 713 304 8716 , or maybe someone could leave me a voice mail message at the office if there is a dial in number . Thanks ,
Took about 8 months . A new record .
I was in Clarksdale yesterday , and have a dr's appt this am , but will be glad to give you what I have . In fact , I could use some help with the EEI if the offer is still good . Maybe you could just talk me through it . Thanks , Kay
Wilson , We are trying to finalize this transaction by next Tuesday , and I could really use your help . I believe you owe me a draft of an opinion letter ? Also , do you have any comments to the draft agreement I sent out last week ? I also need an opinion that the language in the agreement re the Cities obligation to financially support MDEA is sufficient . Thank you , Kay
Just a reminder that I have a drs appt this am . Nothing special , just one very overdue check up . Kay
Very good . I was in Miss yesterday and have a doctor's appt this am . I'll call later . Kay
I go back for more tests this afternoon .
Thanks for the info . Rest well .
Is this for the escrow or other docs ? I know Citibank does not require a corporate seal . What BS ! Kathleen is out sick , so it will be a day or two . Kay
Gold Rose today ?
Nope . Only the new ones .
I can't make the call on Thursday . I'm not sure that Sheila can either . I'll leave the go/no go Enron vote to Sheila . Kay
Next time you vote for me , please copy me on the email . Kay
I haven't read this yet , so it is not ready to be sent to TECO . Just wanted to give you a look as soon as possible . Kay
Sometimes John forgets that he is not a lawyer .
I'm available for one hour , so long as I can call in from off campus . I'll need a new cell phone battery first ! My old one finally died a tragic death . Kay
Maybe I'm wrong , but I don't think we've done that on the other two deals . Kathleen would know .
For something that doesn't matter , it seems to matter . I wonder how well the auto approval works when you are backdating something ?
How much involvement has A & K had on Midway ? I have other counsel engaged for the sale , but this falls into a different category . Kay
Ben , If Christi has reviewed an interconnect agreement , I ususally don't have outside counsel review it unless there is a specific reason . She's the queen of interconnects . I suppose that after I review it , next stop is Finance/Accounting . Carlos has given me a couple of comments . Kay
Please advise which comments you are willing to accept ( skipping the nits and legal stuff) . One response from the group , please ! Kay
It is Father's Day and we will do what you want . If you want to go there , that's great . I'm happy to tell Tom , his wife and all the world that what we do that weekend is 100% up to you . It sounds like he has the impression that I'm the hold up . Kay Got it
Wilson , We are running short on time . We are planning to sign on Tuesday , and I hesitate to put a new document in front of them at this late date . Would it be easier to work with reps/warranties ? I definitely need an answer from your firm confirming ( 1 ) enforceability ( 2 ) obligation of the Cities to financially support agreement . Also , could you provide me with the Mississippi law defn of consequential damages and a couple of examples where Enron could be responsible for same under this agreement ? Also , can MDEA and the Cities be liableto Enron for consequentials ( absent a waiver) ? Your comments to the previously forwarded draft would be greatly appreciated . Kay
Yes,which is what prompted my email this am . I'm looking for a way to simplify the process since closing is less than a week away . I'm in 825-925; 1000-1230 today . Kay
Please print two copies . On the stuff you had copied for me , please have the copy sent to John Keffer at King & Spalding . I'll keep the originals . Thanks , Kay
I should have sent this to you . Sorry . Might save time if you got financials from Mike re: NorthWestern Corp . Kay
Amazing that they stayed afloat . 50 year history probably helped that happen . Kinda sad , though . I liked those guys . I received a fax in yesterday , so I'll review it . Kay
Billy , It is expected that by the time the hard costs referenced in #2 are incurred , the project will be in E Next ( or its successor/take out vehicle ) since construction will be nearly complete . Costs incurred in #3 should be Phase 2 E Next costs , since this should be in the construction period , although it could be immediately prior to that time . Lisa , I skipped Rose on this email since she is out of town , and reviewed this agreement before she left . Kay
yes Cant miss those boxes !
Awaiting test results . You know how that goes . I give you details later . I may go; I'll let you know .
Figures .
No , he thinks he is God's gift to contracts .
Neil , I thought you were going to tell her to just answer that he gets nothing at school . She has no independent information on the rest and shouldn't worry about providing that info to them .
Sounds like it , but it is in southern Florida .
I didn't think you were being difficult .
fyi . One of AE's .
GE wants a letter outlining the structure of the deal ( at the 10000 ft level) , who owns which companies , and who has payment obligations to them . Could you draft a letter to that effect for my review ? Thanks , Kay
Attached is the master gas agreement , ready for Clarksdale's review . We haven't had any feedback from Yazoo City . When can we expect their feedback ? Thanks , Kay
6 months goes by quickly .
How polite .
Life being what it is , I've received a mark up of the tolling term sheet , which crossed in the mail with the mark up you sent . Kay
Looks fine to me . Will you accept the changes and send out ? I would like to receive a bcc of whatever goes out , if possible . Thanks , Kay
Lloyd is a good guy . He is head of the Services Group . He probably does other things as well , but that's how I know him . I can send it to Lloyd if you want . Kay
TECO tolling , with my comments:
Could I get a copy of the revised LOI which was sent to TECO ? I want to update my electronic file . Thanks , Kay
Greg and Ben , So is it about time to get Lisa , Herman and Rose involved in the PAD stuff ? Kay
Never stayed there . My current favorite is the Omni , which is in one of may favorite locations . It has a little deli like shop across the street , where I can buy reasonably priced bagels , cokes , etc . Last year I also stayed at the Marriott Marquis ( BIG , right on Times Square ) and the Mark ( too snooty) . I stayed two other places I didn't like , but the names escape me . I've seen some other smaller hotels which look nice , and if I check a map I might remember the names . Kay
Don't know how I missed this . Must have put it in my Midway file without looking . Thanks , Kay
I've answered all their questions , and have suggested to Chris that he ask NorthWestern for audited financials . Marissa is preparing a letter which briefly outlines the deal , since GE had requested a letter identifying the parties , the payment obligations , etc . I've given them all this information previously in phone calls and by email , but I think they want something official looking . Probably be a good idea for you to sign the letter . I don't think they will trade payment for a consent , but I could be wrong . It just isn't enough money , and GE isn't strapped for cash anyway . I'd want to be careful that we don't trip up on E - Next obligations . Kay When you ask a question you usually have heard a rumor . What did you hear ?
Don't know if I'll participate , but please put on calendar anyway .
Would you read that to mean the authority to buy power "as agent for" the Cities ? Seems not entirely clear but not entirely out of the question . Kay
I'm working through the "agent for" issue , and thought I would share the info . I've asked our local counsel for a bit more direct answer ( ie , his opinion) . Kay
As I understand it , if the option is exercised ( and the property bought ) prior to the time the LLC is owned by ENext , there is a balance sheet impact .
Why would you ask a question out of the blue ?
Harlan Murphy started last week . Nice guy from Dynegy .
Put the land on the balance sheet is a forgiveable sin . Incurring any other type of hard costs puts the entire project ( whatever that may be ) on the balance sheet . Kay
I think asking David the question is a good idea . Kay
Correct . If all we were doing was buying the property , you wouldn't have the timing restriction . You lose one layer of optionality .
I'm no oracle , but there would be no current balance sheet impact .
David , Is it possible for MDEA to purchase power from EPMI as an agent for the Cities ? This will obviate the need for any type of security . Thanks , Kay
Whatcha think ?
Hi Gerry , I don't remember anyone signing a notice of lien in Arizona . I remember seeing a bunch of lien notices , since they have to send a notice even if payment isn't due yet . I always thought that was strange , and sure created clutter . I can't remember if there was any requirement that we sign . Does Dewey remember ? If you didn't sign and Dewey didn't sign , that doesn't leave many folks who would have done so . I guess they could have changed the laws , though . Sorry I'm not more help . I've forgotten more than I've remembered . If you are near town this evening , we are celebrating Paige's 21st birthday at Keneally's , staring around 7 . I'll buy . I can't believe she is 21 . Very disruptive of my self-perception . Ciao , Kay
please calendar .
I have a phone number on a post it note on my cabinet , just to the right of where my computer would be if I was there . It is a lawyers name ( which of course I can't remember) , male , with a 212 or 202 phone number . It may be David something or other . Could you email me that name and number ? Do you know if there is a way for me to save my emails that I have in folders ? Bet the weather is better than this in San Fran . Kay
There's nothing special here . Just cloudy . I took Roscoe in to get neutered . Neil just couldn't handle it . Men are so funny like that . Now I'm going to run some errands . I hope the weather gets better for this evening . They are still covering the weather 100% on the tv , and it looks like it is getting better . Still more of a deal south of here . Kay
Since I'm "off" today and Friday , and scheduled to be in Fla on Monday , AND without you , I'm not in much better shape . You know I've kept all my files on email . I was hoping there would be a way to move them to a Word file of something . Otherwise , I guess I'm going to have to ask you to start printing - highly inefficient . I can't do it here , though . Kay
Shepherd , near San Felipe . Very close to Peggy's house . Peggy should be there , also .
Good news .
Huh ?
Being revised currently , but lays out the deal:
Sorry to ask , but when do you expect to have a draft of the GE letter ? I need to manage Ben's expectations . Thanks , Kay
Could you PLEASE PLEASE call David Marshall and get his email ? I'm on endless conference calls and need to contact him about a matter . Thanks , Kay PS , not a vacation day
Keneally's , We'll be there by 630 .
It is Paige's 21st today ( YIKES ) I'll be back Monday
No news today . I don't want to know today , as I'm drinking champagne and ignoring the issue ,
6 . Default By DBEC . Should DBEC default on the payment obligations contained herein , it shall be liable for interest on the amount outstanding at a rate of one and one/half percent per month or each portion thereof . Should the City of Deerfield Beech obtain enforcement of the payment obligations contained herein through judicial action , then , in that event , the City of Deerfield Beech shall be reimbursed by the DBEC for all costs and attorneys fees including the costs of any appeals . 7 . Default By the City of Deerfield Beech . Should the City of Deerfield Beech default on the obligations contained herein , and DBEC obtain enforcement of any rights or obligations set forth herein through judicial action , then , in that event , DBEC shall be reimbursed by the City of Deerfield Beech for all costs and attorneys fees including the costs of any appeals .
Works for me . We are leaving to check in to the hotel , then back . I had to cancel manicure/pedicure (  and charged for it ) A hint that a gift certificate for same would work might be appropriate .
Plse have fax delivered home . Today is the day . I have been a mom for 21 years . Can't be true . Still on conference call . Ben has been very nice .
At the very least , the cancellation charges are theirs .
Registered Foreign Lawyer 10th Floor 88 Wood Street or 212-836-6532 ( direct to computer ) THIS EMAIL AND ANY ATTACHED FILES ARE CONFIDENTIAL AND MAY BE LEGALLY PRIVILEGED . If you are not the addressee , any disclosure , reproduction , copying , distribution , or use of this communication is strictly prohibited . If you have received this transmission in error please notify the sender immediately and then delete this email . Email transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of email transmission . If verification is required please request a hard copy version . Kaye Scholer LLP is a Delaware ( USA ) Limited Liability Partnership . A list of the names of the partners and their professional qualifications is open to inspection at the principal office 88 Wood Street London EC2V 7RS . The partners are either solicitors or registered foreign lawyers .
It is unclear to me that the coop has the authority to bind the members . What do we know about that ?
We need a statement that Blue Ridge is a [coop established under ___ law ( ask Rahil)] , and has the authority to bind the members listed on attachment A .
My suggestion re this topic was sent to you under another email . I will be tied up until late today . Thanks , Kay
My brother just called , and my dad has just been admitted to the hospital for a heart problem . There is a good chance that they will operate tomorrow or the next day . If they do , then I will need to go to Ft . Worth for a couple of days . I'll keep you posted . Kay
Have we given them anything in writing yet , and are you willing to mark everything ? Kay
We can add a statement that written information provided at the meeting of x date ( or however you want to describe it ) is covered , and that in the future written stuff will be designated as confidential . Then I'm just fine with it .
Test
Thanks . Your kind thoughts are appreciated .
Thanks , Suz . As you know , this stinks . Friends help .
Thank you for your call . I'm very sad , a bit angry with the doctors , and tired . Your voice cheered me up . Love , Kay
Hi Alice . I don't know that I will be back Monday . I need to help my mom get organized on some things .
Thank you . Kay
We are all doing reasonably well , I think .
Can you handle ? Thanks .
Thank you , dear .
Please forward to Andy Edison and Stuart Zisman . Thanks
I can't open attachments - can you cut and paste ? This will be hard . Don't forget to pray . And be patient as there is no timeline . Love , Mom
As you know , it isn't easy . I think we are dong ok . Thanks for checking ,
Hi Alice . I have a favor to ask . Please see if you can find an 800 number for Lincoln Life Central for filing a life insurance claim . Thanks . Kay
I just sent Alice an emai asking for help finding a number for Dads life insurance co . If she isn't in for some reason , all ask for your help . Thanks for the plant . That was so sweet . Kay
How about a call today at 2 ?
Hi . I'm planning to drive back today , and will take tomorrow off . I!ll need to come back soon , but I think it is time for me to go . Thanks for all your support . It has made a big difference . Kay
I will have to check to see who handles the paralegal hiring . What is up with ENE ? I!m still in FW . Kay
Ok . I have 30 minutes then .
Marisa sent the invoices .
Today has been hard for me . I don't have the distraction of taking care of Mimi . I am going to gob to work tomorrow , but I dread it . You are welcome in Palacios this weekend , of course . Love , Mom
I have Lotus Notes emails which I can't forward since we've migrated to Outlook . Kay
Hi Eric , I'm back in the office , and am working on this deal again . Seems like there are a couple of items which need to be obtained so we can go forward expeditiously . Specifically , we need copies of the following documents: Lease agreement between CES and UST . Nortel RTU terms . Bankruptcy order allowing the sale of the switch from TCP to CES . I can speak with US Telenet's attorney regarding these requests , if you can get his/her name and number or email address . I know there are some other issues , but getting these documents will really help . Thanks , Kay
If I'm remembering correctly , it could be Connecticut . That narrows it down quite a bit .
Here's what I got from Eric on the lease . The numbers don't seem to match , but we won't worry about that now . The Nortel RTU info is supposed to be here by Wednesday . Sherry , please make the few changes to the draft equipment lease Tammy previously prepared to incorporate the new terms . To the extent necessary , just bracket any questions you have , especially commercial questions . We won't tackle the security agreement or the license agreement yet . Just send the revised lease to me ( not Eric yet) . Please see if you can find the bankruptcy proceeding . If the docs aren't available on line , please get back to me before incurring any additional expense . I don't want to spend a lot of money on this until things become a bit more clear . Thanks , Kay
I signed up for the Nov 15/16 Risk Management Seminar , and I wanted to confirm my registration . Thanks , Kay
Let's wait until Monday .
I was trying to remember what Bobby said . Can you remember !
Tied St Jerome 1 to 1 . They played dirty , Michael hung tough . He played goalie almost the entire game . Rosco was great . We are on the road to Palacios . Love , Mom
I received word that the switch deal is off . Thanks anyway .
Just got this . I know several who work there . John Keffer is the one I know best . We went to Palacios to fish . It was very nice . Wonder what next week will bring .
I would not say that we are "near junk status" on our credit rating .
I called her office and they told me . What time Friday ? What's his name ? Do you have a handle on what she was working on ? I wouldn't want to bother her about anything . Kay
I'm sure she had things put together well .
Thanks , Kay
It appeared to me that a GSA would be most appropriate for this work . In speaking with some other EBS lawyers , I was told that Adriana could craft the work order/addendum to go with the GSA . Please let me know if this is incorrect . Kay
Will you incorporate the provisions of the document that Brenda forwarded ? Kay
Feel free to ignore . I'm talking to Adriana now .
I'm happy to look at another format . This was the one Michelle gave me . Kay
I predict that we will not prevail in an objection to consolidation . Judges love to consolidate unless there is a compelling reason not to do so . A one month delay will not be enough to persuade the AJL to not consolidate if you consider the advantages to the judges , so we would need a better reason . Do we have anything else to go on ? ( I don't think the Margate issue is enough , either. ) I doubt we will have the settlement buttoned up by the second week of December , which could leave us in the position of needing to continue the hearing until January anyway . Kay
The document below contains the guts of the tasking letter , I believe . The GSA was in the other email .
The GSA , without name and address . Could you forward me the tasking letter once you are done so that I can understand how the pieces fit together ? Thanks , Kay
ok with me .
Thanks .
Good to go .
Haven't done anything with it since there hasn't been any activity . If we think that we want to do something , it would be helpful to get a copy of the master . I don't think I still have a copy . I can probably look it up on Spotlight , but if you have an electronic file handy I would be most grateful . Kay
Kerri , Could you call me about these at your convenience ? Thanks , Kay
got it . Does Genuity know that we want some changes yet ?
For sure .
Please print and make file folder "Genuity" for EBS . Thanks ! Kay
I'm big on the blackberry .
I will be late on day one .
I haven't heard anything on this . I'll wait to hear from Steve and Mike . Kay
ok with me .
Getting warmer . Could you send me an email with a brief description of how you see us marketing their energy .
Day ahead only ? How do we work together to set the bogie ? I know on the MDEA deal there was an agreement on how it was calculated , including an agreement re the heat rates of the various units . Is this a gas only facility ? How do we handle the transmission costs , or will we be selling the power at the same spot they are delivering it ? Are there minimum units of energy they will start their facility up for ? Thanks , Kay
I think I get this everyday now . Can you help get this cleared up ? Thanks .
I think in this case specific is better . Also , please check with K Young to see what is in place . We don't want to look bad to Dyn .
Hi there . We need to get to closure on how to respond to motion to consolidate , and how to deal with the 36 vs 42 issue on Deerfield . Shall we try again for a conference call later today ? Karri is available up until 4:30pm , ( Central) . Thanks , Kay
Obviously , we barely survived without you . Kay
Can you have someone set it up , including KB and Ryan Reitz ? Thanks , Kay
I'm disappointed that GE didn't call . Must not have wanted to take the Enron credit risk . I think we will also need to report it to the merger legal team , which I will take care of once we know what is up . Kay
I checked the docs . Closing is supposed to be 5 business days after notice , subject to regulatory approval . I believe they will need to make a Hart Scott Rodino filing . It should not take very long for to get it . Seems Delta got it in a matter of days . Kay
Hi Carolyn , Could you resend the docs ? Our computer system deleted everything more than 30 days old . Thanks , Kay
I'm supposed to talk to Ben and Steve today . Will you and KB be around this afternoon ?
Sounds good .
I gave the IP Transit deal a quick look , and it appears to me that what we need to do is prepare an amended confirm , with the capacity and price varying , depending on the month . May want to revisit the starting dates based on our letter agreement . Please take a look at the confirm and see if there is anything else you think we need to change . I suggest that we make a capacity/price schedule and attach it , amending the confirm to refer to the new schedule . What do you think ? Kay
I think fmv is probably less than fifty . Thanks .
thanks
It would be terrific if I could see the tasking letter before I give final approval to the GSA ( since this is really a one-off deal) , and I will need to approve and initial both the GSA and the tasking letter . Thanks , Kay
should be here
Kinda wish Kortney would have talked to me and cc'd me on this . Does this happen much ? Don't know that I have a big problem with it , but it just seems like it isn't purely a Credit issue . What do you think ? Kay
And me ?
Ben , I need to get you to resign from the Montana Megawatts BOD . Will you be in this week ? If not , we can handle it with fax/fed ex . Kay Kathleen , Please prepare a letter of resignation for Ben , leaving the date of the letter as November ___ . Thanks .
I will have to find a form . If you think the deal will extend more than a couple of months , or could develop into something bigger , I really suggest an EEI . Once I find a form we can determine if we need a separate services agreement , or we can bake it into the GTC's/long confirm document . Kay
We don't want to pay them until we get agreement to the form of the docs . I don't think much will be required , but I just want to make sure it is coordinated . Kay
They've changed the Cogentrix deal . In fact , it is even a different Cogentrix counterparty . I couldn't find the long form/GTC in the Power Forms . Can you help ? Guess you would like the name of the counterparty . I'll send it to you . Thanks as always ! Kay
Thanks .
The closing docs are on top of my cabinet , near my name plate . Help yourself . Thanks , Kay
Cogentrix Eastern Carolina , LLC
Ruth , Could you print theirs and ours for me since I may not make it to my desk before I come over ? Thanks .
Kayne and Rahil , Please give this term sheet a look and advise of any changes you think might be necessary . For instance , it gives the delivery point as the CPL/Cogentrix border , and not the bb of the facility as Kayne suggested . I am drafting off of the term sheet , so your input is very important . I need the name of the generation facility and approximate number of megawatts we will be marketing for them . Also , are we still planning on dealing with some PPA's they have ? If so , what will our involvement be and how many more megawatts are involved ? Are we only going to pay Cogentrix after we have received payment from the third party ? If they fail to remit other costs ( transmission , for instance) , I presume we will want to deduct that from what we owe them . What other costs might we need to be reimbursed for ? What are Resource Costs ? How often will we email or fax them a sales summary ? Will we be reporting to whom each delivery of power was sold ? Kortney , please confirm that Credit will not be requiring any particular language , etc in this deal since we aren't using an EEI . Thanks for your help , Kay
Where are you ? I'm on 6 .
Probably tomorrow . I got a feeling that Dave would like to visit with you about it . Dismal here . How are you ?
They are supposed to give no less than 5 business days notice prior to closing . The earliest notice I saw was Nov . 19 . I counted the 20th , 21st , 23 , 26 , closing on the 27th . ( page 12 of the amended and restated LLC agreement) . Kay
Jerry DeBerry called , and asked that Chris call Liz Evans to get a handle on the correct number for the wire transfer . Once it is agreed , please send me an email with the revised number . We were working off of different receipt dates . I received the fax on Monday , and they believe it was delivered here the Friday before . That is the reason for the different expectation on the closing date . Dave Duran would like to be advised before the transfer is made . I presume that Chris or Ben will take care of talking to Dave so that the transfer can be made tomorrow . Thanks , Kay
I have asked for something from GE indicating that Jeff D . had the authority to sign the consent . I would think that this shouldn't take very long .
Please print email and attachments . Thanks !
John , There is a $739 charge from CT Corp . on invoice #186444 ( re Blue Dog) . Can you send me an email with a brief explanation ? I want to get this in the queue . Ciao , Kay
In hindsight we should have had them pay it . Oh well . Got your fax and will check in to others .
Does that look right ? Lorie says it is a WBS code number ( Greek to me) .
Gentlemen , Pursuant to my discussion with Mr . Swift , I am enclosing a draft letter for your review . Kay
Hi Jerry , Steve told me that he had asked whoever he spoke to at NorthWestern to take steps to extinguish the letter agreement that Enron and GE regarding the transaction . I have prepared a letter to that effect and sent it to Steve for his review . Basically it just says that Enron doesn't have any continuing obligations to GE under the previous letter . Before we release the funds we would like to get an executed , revised letter from NorthWestern concerning the revised set off amounts and final total to be wired . My fax number is 713 646 3491 . I did not have the certificate signed , but will dig it out and see what I can do . Quite frankly I just overlooked it . Kay
The form was fine . Kay
The power is executed , I just need to get the cert signed . Have a good evening .
Hi Ben , It would be great if you could expedite the invoices . Thanks , Kay
I was having trouble with the system last time I tried a couple of hours ago . I'll try again later .
Will do , and thanks . Kay
No need to hold off . I'm not worried about GE . I need Dave to sign one more document . Is he around ? How do you like your new digs ? Kay
Dynegy is getting a very nice building . See you in a bit .
Hi Kathleen , Would you mind printing this letter on letterhead for Ben to sign ? I'll be over in just a bit . Thanks , Kay
Looks good to me .
Jeff , What's your suggestion ? We are looking at a PA in connection with Tennessee Pipeline's open season . ( did I get that right? )
I'll ask Jeff what he thinks .
I only have 4 in my box , and none were the ones I gave you . Thanks !
have you faxed the docs yet ?
Last time I checked I was told that the wire was in the queue . Kay
I'm talking about the member interest power in particular . We don't have to have to send them the Darst stuff today . I have another piece of paper that Dave needs to sign as well .
Yes , but since we signed the power it seemed that someone else would actually execute the certificate . By the way , it was certificate #2 , so I changed the language in the power to reflect that .
Closing list: 1 . Power ( executed by DD ) 2 . Certificate ( as is ) 3 . Darst letter ( waiting for GE to sign , copy to be sent to NW later ) 4 . Letter regarding setoff ( need to have WDD sign ) 1 and 2 should go to NorthWestern today by fax and fed ex . 3 and 4 can go tomorrow . Need to notify corp sec also ? Thanks!! !
I have made spa appointments at Urban Retreat West for Friday afternoon , beginning at 330 .
In the interest of moving things forward , it would help if you could provide the following info: 1 . Hand-marked copy of the portions of the current contract which need to be changed . 2 . A brief description of the new deal , especially the index language . I know VEPCO may be preparing a first draft , but I think it would be good to get some focus ahead of time . Kay
And that's what it's all about.. .
Good . Gives us something productive to do !
We are considering submitting a bid to provide standard offer service to commercial and industrial end users . Can you tell me if EPMI is licensed to provide retail service in Maine ? If you aren't the right person , who should I ask ? Thanks bunches , Kay
I can't figure out how to change it . You can just log on as me: Password: enron001 thanks !
I'm too lazy to send to everyone , so please pass it along .
this is good stuff Note: forwarded message attached . Do You Yahoo! ? Yahoo ! GeoCities - quick and easy web site hosting , just $8.95/month .
Have a blackberry and cell phone .
Me , too . My little boy watches it all the time . Maybe we can watch it together !
Thanks , Pete . It is a mess for sure . Kay
I think it may be true , but not correct . Or is it correct , but not true ? Yes , I'm bored .
My pleasure .
Thanks .
Could you send me the format you are using for your resume ? Kay
thanks
My 1984 format is a bit out-of-date .
So how come no one will buy for $5b ?
I just couldn't help myself .
I see they've halted the sending of replies . I will see if you should prepare them anyway to send tomorrow . Here's the list of what we have so far . I'll give you the letters and Debra is in charge of the files . It may be we don't have to look at every contract to get this done . Kay
We should also have forms they previously approved , since we have negotiated a couple of CA's with them in the past .
R u going to call ?
you might check with the bank . My paycheck should have hit by now .
New program . The only termination notices we are responding to are those with termination payment calculations . Some of the letters were something other than termination/suspension notices , so you might want to check to see if you think we need to reply for other reasons . Kay
Good op ed piece .
There will be no holds barred with the Times and the Wash Post weigh in on this one .
Yes
Yes .
Unbelieveable . Call me tonight 7139736325
Could you send me the notice of default and our response ? Thanks !
I'll be there with bells on and cards in hand . Ciao , Kay
Is Enron in default under the Sandhill agreements ? How about any other deals you know about , including the Mexico stuff ? Have you inherited Peoples ( enovate ) yet ? I suspect there may be a default there . I'm helping gather some of this info , and your help would be appreciated .
Thought I would ask a more specific question . Do you know of any transactions which Enron may be in default due to recent circumstances ? I'm excluding trading deals . Maybe some of the asset management deals ? Joint venture companies ( enovate?) ? Thanks , Kay
too good
I think I still need the data sheet for this corp . Thanks
can you help me ?
Travis , The draft opinion is going to Davis Polk as we speak . Eric is going to try to find out if they will comment tonight . Kate Cole had some comments on the Certificate of Secretary , and I passed the comment along through Eric . We are putting together diligence folders in connection with the opinions ( what the heck) . We'll tee up the next round of companies once we get the list . Cheryl was going to talk to someone at WGM to confirm which ones are going in next . I'm still here . Let me know if there is anything else I can do to help . Kay
Hi Robin , Can you locate the EBS Inc bylaws for me ? I wasn't able to get on Spotlight this am . Thanks , Kay
no word yet .
Would you mind calling Diagnostic Clinic and canceling my appt with dr roman tomorrow ? I think work may be a bit complicated . ( I'm on the phone ) Thanks!!! !
Will work for food .
Janet , Do you know if we have any deals in Texas or Penn which might be impacted by a license suspension ? I know that's a tough question . Kay
Will you modify the opinions you have to include this language ? Thanks , Kay
Works for me .
I am going to email you the changes I have in the subsidiary form . There are some nits included which should be fixed in JD's . Kay
The Portland General Security and Pledge Agreement is not a "Loan Document' .
Well I hope he puts in a good word for me . I talked to Carlos , and he didn't say anything about the call you referenced . Are you sure your leg wasn't being pulled ?
Interesting stuff
thanks . Do you need anything else from me at this time ? Kay
Could you send me whatever you think is appropriate so I can get it in front of the lenders ? Thanks , Kay
Elizabeth has scheduled a meeting at 4 o'clock concerning non-terminated trading contracts . It will be in the conference room with all the contracts ( don't remember the room number) . You are cordially invited ( requested ) to attend . Kay
I'm gone
Michael has his holiday performance . Thanks for asking .
Hi Peter , Still here . Let me give you my home email , just in case: Kay.mann@worldnet.att.net . My main objective currently is to maintain a positive attitude . Hope you and yours enjoy the holidays . Kay
Very cute . All the kids were cute .
fine with me
yes , John is picking us up in 3 minutes downstairs .
Still not resolved .
At the risk of asking a stupid question , are we in breach under the project agreement ? I didn't comb it , but I also didn't see anything that screamed breach to me . If we have a paid up call on 100 MW , that is probably something we would want to preserve . More to consider !
Are you still having yours ?
understood . I think Kayne needs some help in working through MDEA . Kay
They are talking termination , which may not be justified for the asset management deal . Don't know whether that would be a good thing or not .
I would like to cancel . Thanks , Kay Mann
I'm in a meeting but will check when I get back to my office .
The only change would be the date .
I am familiar with the Mancini option , but I don't know who this person might be . Any ideas ?
I may have sent this to you before .
Do you have the Haywood file that was in Carlos' office ? I need it or a copy of it . Thanks , Kay
Ben has given this to Raimund to deal with .
I think it would be a good idea to have the files copied . Kay
How late will you be here today ?
Are the right one to ask for this ? Thanks , Kay
Hi there , I've been told that the waiver needs to contain a statement that GT won't bring suit against any of the officers , directors or employees of Enron . If you can make that change and fax me a new waiver , we will get it done as quickly as possible . Thanks , Kay
Could you mark up the llc opinion and fax it to Suzanne Adams at 7136463491 ? Thanks .
You should be getting a fax from Maurice re ees llc opinion . Please send me an email describing the changes he is requesting . Thanks .
Please call Debbie and ask her to fax you a copy of the executed guaranty .
Please let me know if you learn anything at the floor meeting . Kay
I am almost speechless . I knew things were bad based on what you said . Incredible .
This is all so unreal .
He can't help himself .
We are all fragile .
Good to know it exists . Just kidding .
Could you email me the new sentence on page 2 ? Were those the only 2 changes ?
Oik to make changes , change out original . What did Mark say ?
You don't need to get it signed , just substitute the new pages . Yes I like perfume .
Good for you . Not like you'll get paid for it .
Just bought out Toys R Us . Nothing for Paige . I'm waiting until she comes home .
I have an am dr appt . Fine with me if you carry on and give me an assignment . Otherwise , it woukd nedd to be early or after 100 .
Got your back while you pick up wine .
Just looking to gossip . Nothing important .
I wish he would leave Deerfield alone .
Very nice .
Do they owe us $292 , 554 in addition to the $360k ?
Hi David , Sorry I missed you when you came by . I'm glad A & K will be playing such a vital role in the upcoming months . The level of service you give is very much appreciated , now more than ever . Thanks for the wine . It was quite good . Merry Christmas ( just in case I don't see you before the holidays) . Kay
FYI . This involves a non-bankrupt sub of ENA .
Will you come get me ?
It will all be public someday .
I have a doctor's appointment tomorrow am so I won't be able to be there .
I'm at the doctors office and won't be back that soon . I'm about done with my contracts .
Got here early . Fannin is a mess by the Dome and elsewhere . I'll call later . Michael was great this am .
I talked to Peggy last night , and we are on for Christmas dinner with them . Her inlaws won't be there , but friends will be . Mikey is invited also . Looking for some gift hints from you . I'm at the drs office this am , but will be in the office later . Mom
Early to my appt , so I'm working some . Could you find Peter Mims number at VE ? We will also need his fax number . Talk to you later . Kay
Ill probably page you .
He never ccs Ben . Ben could tell him about Pompano . You might forward the email to Ben , I think Pompano has a queue spot . I'm at the drs office , should be in later . Mrs . Cornelius Dudley Neil Mann ( Kay )
Just so you know , I'm still in the waiting room .
When: Thursday , December 20 , 2001 10:00 AM-11:00 AM ( GMT-06:00 ) Central Time ( US & Canada) . Where: to be determined
I need a conference room for tomorrow for one hour beginning at 10am , for 6-8 people . If there isn't one here , please call Ron Tapscott and see if he can get us a room in the new building . Thanks . Kay
I would like to take Dec 26 , 31 and Jan . 2 as vacation days . Thanks , Kay
Thanks .
I stopped by to ask Richard or Lisa , and neither were there . Since Debbie said we could pick , I picked the one with the smallest retainer and the lower amount . If I hear something I will let you know .
It would be helpful to see the lease and the letter before commenting . Thanks , Kay
Probably until 6 .
The lease is freely assignable . The lien rights are based not contractual , but exist in Texas law . I used to have some info on Texas lien law , don't remember if I still do . I haven't worked a warehouseman lien issue . However , in general it is one thing to have a lien , and another to be able to foreclose on it , especially that quickly . In short , I don't know if whatever Morris is saying they will do in the timeframe described is permissible . Rigby , you have any info on warehouseman liens in Texas ? Still looking for a copy of the letter from Morris . My fax number is 63491 if someone has it handy . Thanks , Kay
That's fine .
I found $206 coming to me!! !
Stuart had a suggested change . I'll email it to you .
I will tell them . Thanks .
In a couple of weeks .
Neil has been asking around . Can't get anyone at Enron to think that far ahead . I hate doing this , but I owe it to Michael , since I really want to keep him in private school . We've already eliminated his speech therapy . Geez , I sound pathetic . Kay
Kay
Emily , Thanks for all of your help on this ! Bill
Raquel , Look under my general file in the j drive . There should be a folder labeled "Fast Track" . In that folder , there should be a document titled either "Fast Track Swap Agreement" or "Swap Agreement" . There could be multiple drafts of this document , so use the one with the most recent date .
The amendment that I think you're referring to was not signed . We sent it to Starwood and then nothing happened . If you can't find a hard copy , you can call Rell Tipton at V&E and ask him to e-mail you the latest version of the Starwood amendment that he's been working on . If you can't reach Rell , his assistant , Birdie Cortinas can probably help . Rell's number is ( 713)758-4506 . Hope this helps .
Thanks for sending me copies of the pleadings in the enforcement action that we've filed against SoCal Gas at FERC . Just a quick question . Should we initiate a state court action against SoCal Gas now so as to minimize any claims that could potentially be cut off by the applicable statute of limitations ? I notice that the controversy goes back to 1996 . It may take a while for FERC to resolve this . Have we concluded that even if FERC rules in our favor we would have to file a separate action in state court to enforce our rights under the transporation agreement(s ) with SoCalGas ? Even if we file a state court action now , SoCal Gas would probably argue that the state court action should not proceed until FERC reaches its decision . I don't know how strong an argument this is , but even if SoCal Gas keeps us from moving forward with a state court proceeding , would merely filing suit in state court stay the statute of limitations ? I'm sure you've thought through these issues already . I'm just trying to get up to speed . Thanks .
Raquel , Could you please have my expense report folder hand delivered to me ? I'm in EB4788 . Thanks .
Password: houston
password: goodnight
Password: goodnight01
Here it is: 507086 .
Thanks , Glen . I'll plan to attend .
Iris , Thanks for the message . If it's not too much trouble , I would very much appreciate a printed report showing how much time I have left . Thanks .
Merci !
Deborah , The latest commodity agreement amendments were not yet filed in the binder . ( They were signed right before I left. ) However , I gave those to Raquel as well , so you should have them . As I mentioned this morning , Maureen Palmer also has copies .
Maxine , I'll be in the office all of next week . Bill
Yes , I already have a call into her .
Any objections to Mary Kay's suggestion ? If not , I'll probably need the help of one of you in contacting Jeff McMahon .
Actually , there was one new development late yesterday . Frazier wasn't entirely comfortable with having Andy Fastow in that role in the first place since he may have had access to transportation/capacity information in his capacity as CFO of Enron Corp . The same concern would , of course apply to Andy Fastow's successor . That was why Frazier had suggested Cindy Olsen . I spoke with Mary Kay and told her about this concern . She understands , but continues to feel that we should be able to come up with someone who is more substantively involved in Enron's underlying businesses but who does not have access to transportation/capacity information . I'll work with Frazier to see if we can identify someone . So , let's hold off for now in contacting Jeff McMahon . I'll keep you updated . Thanks .
Joel , Yes , I would start with Michael . He did a calculation a year or so ago when OWC first filed for bankruptcy and should be able to update that . Another source is Maureen Palmer , who ( if you haven't met her yet ) is the EES business person who is responsible for the OWC/EES relationship . You should probably speak with Maureen in any event to get her input on whether EES really wants to pursue this claim . When I spoke with her about this several months ago , there was apparently a difference of opinion among our business people on this . Good luck . Let me know if I can help on anything else .
I have no idea . I have never heard of these swaps . I don't know when these were implemented . Presumably after we signed the original deal , although I don't know . Apparently , the people on our trading desk dealt with the customer without getting legal input . Scary . You may want to check with Jim Keller's/Mike Smith's group to see if anyone there knows anything about this .
This is a test .
Drew , Steve Harris and the other Transwestern commercial people are seeking guidance on what limits will be imposed by the new credit facility on Transwestern's dealings with affiliates , most notably EWS/ENA . Will it be necessary to obtain the consent of the lenders before Transwestern may enter into any transaction with an affiliate ? Are there de minimis exceptions ? Are there any plans to obtain pre-approval of either certain categories of transactions or transactions up to an aggregate dollar limit ? Any feedback would be greatly appreciated . Thanks .
Steve and Kim , I spoke with Drew after the staff meeting today regarding what limitations would be imposed by the new credit agreement on Transwestern's dealings with its affiliates , most notably ENA/EWS . Drew said that this and a number of other issues are still being negotiated and that it's not yet clear where we'll wind up . Obviously , we'll try and negotiate as much flexibility on the affiliate issue with the banks as possible . Drew indicated that the agreement should be finalized in the next day or so and that he would issue guidance on this and other issues as soon as it is .
Paul , Attached is a red-lined version of the EOG interconnect agreement , which reflects some minor changes that I made . Please call me if you'd like to discuss the attachment .
Chris , Good to hear from you . I didn't bring the Starwood documents with me when I moved ( can you believe that I forgot them?!!!) , so I'm going off of memory . I believe that we are obliged to at least offer lease financing to Starwood if the conditions precedent to financing in the lease documents are satisfied . However , we do have the ability to pass through increased costs of capital that we incur as well as other appropriate costs to Starwood . Hope things are going well .
Mark , Great to hear from you ! The last few weeks have definitely been a difficult period . I still can't believe it . I'm doing fine and actually think that things are beginning to stabilize . So , how's the baby doing ? And how are you doing ? John W . called about a week ago and said he thought you were doing well and seemed to be enjoying your new job ( I guess it's not so new anymore) . You definitely made the right decision to leave Stratum . As you've probably heard , they haven't been able to raise any money and now plan to liquidate . I think they're down to four or five people in New York and about the same number in Houston . My address is as follows: 714 Camelot Lane , Houston , Texas 77024 . Again it's really good to hear from you . Best wishes . ( Oh yeah , in case you haven't already seen the following movies , I highly recommend them: "Run Lola Run" ( German with English subtitles ) and "Memento" ( American ) - both are available on videotape. ) ( Also , if I remember correctly , you like classical music , so you might enjoy Murray Perahia's ( sp? ) recording of Bach's Goldberg Variations. ) Take care .
Denise , Thank you very much . I just got off the phone with someone from technical services and I think ( knock on wood ) that the problem is solved . Thanks again !
Donna , Tony and I will participate in tomorrow's meeting . We will be in my office ( extension 35269) . Thanks .
Greg and Maria , Attached is a first draft of the response to the protest filed by the CPUC . I'm also sending a copy to Steve Sojic and Frank Kelly . I thought we would get your feedback , as well as that of Steve and/or Frank , turn another draft , and then distribute it to the business people on Monday . There is absolutely no pride of authorship on my part , so please don't hesitate to comment . Also , given the relatively short amount of time that we have to file this , I haven't prepared all of the footnotes and citations yet .
Steve and Frank , Attached is an initial draft of a response to the protest filed by the CPUC in RP97-288-017 . I would appreciate any input that you have . Thanks .
Attached for your review and comments is a draft of a request to FERC to extend the period allowed under the Red Rock certificate for the abandonment and replacement of the compressors at Station 4 . My understanding is that we need to request a one year extension as to Station 4 ( but not as to the other three compressor stations included in the Red Rock expansion ) due to the fact that we haven't fully contracted for all of the capacity authorized by FERC . Your comments would be appreciated . Thanks .
Glen I should have included you on the distribution list . Sorry .
Attached is a draft of Transwestern's response to the protest filed by the California Public Utility Commission in Docket No . RP97-288-017 . Your comments would be greatly appreciated . I have gotten some additional information from Mark on USGT's use of westward capacity , which I haven't had the opportunity to review or incorporate in the attached draft . From what Mark has told me , it further supports the statement in our response that USGT has not made significant use of its westward capacity and that the CUPC's claim that Transwestern is being transformed into a pipeline that is dominated by shippers using negotiated rates is greatly exaggerated . We need to file the response on Wednesday . Therefore , I would appreciate receiving any comments by noon tomorrow . Thanks .
At one point , we considered using a bill management agreement for Consolidated Container . I worked on this with Erin Stus . We came up with a draft that I was fairly happy with and it should be the latest draft under my Consolidated Container file on the j drive . If you can't find it there , give Erin a call . She should still have a copy .
Attached for your review and comments is a draft of TW's response to the protest filed by the California Public Utilities Commission of the latest negotiated rate filing .
Keith , If I understand your change to the second paragraph correctly , the new compressors at Stations 1 , 2 and 3 will be completed and placed into service within the one-year deadline in the FERC order . The removal of the existing units at those stations , however , will not be completed until six months after that . My general feeling is that as long as the old units are taken out of service by the one-year deadline and are no longer operational , we should be ok and don't need to ask FERC for an extension . The ordering paragraph from the FERC order requires that the new facilities be placed in service within one year from the date of the order . It does not impose a similar deadline for the abandonment of the existing facilities . I take it that we would not operate the old and the new facilities at the same time ( i.e. , continue to operate the existing compressors after we've installed and placed into operation the new compressors) , since this would result in TW operating compression in excess of its certificated capacity . As long as we don't do that , I don't think there's any need to ask for a separate extension for the abandonment .
Attached is a revised , red-lined version of the extension letter . I believe that I addressed Keith's question to his satisfaction , so I haven't added the additional language that he suggested regarding the timing of the removal of the existing compressor units at Stations 1 , 2 and 3 . Please let me know if you have any additional comments . Thanks .
What's a good time for everyone ? I'm open in the morning .
Thanks .
Attached is a revised draft of the letter . The only change from the prior draft is to the volumes in the first sentence of the second paragraph . I've changed the contracted capacity figure from 120,000 Mcf to 106,700 per feedback from Keith . I think this is now ready to file , except that we will need to fill in the blanks . Please confirm this and give me a call at your convenience so that we can discuss the logistics of the filing . Thanks .
Attached is a draft of the letter that we propose to send to the CPUC regarding the AL2837 proceeding in which SoCal Gas is proposing changes to its "windowing" criteria . Your comments would be greatly appreciated . We need to file this tomorrow , so please communicate any comments to me by the close of business today , if possible . Thanks .
Your comments look fine . Let's wait and see if anyone else has any comments .
Attached is a revised version of TW's response to the CPUC's protest . This version reflects comments received from Teb , Mary Kay , Greg and Maria . I apologize that the attachment is not red-lined . I'm having computer problems and have not been able to generate a red-lined version that accurately tracks the changes .
Attached is a revised version of our response to the CPUC . Sorry it's not red-lined . I can't get that function to work on my computer .
Here's a revised draft of the letter to the CPUC re SoCal Gas' "windowing" proposal . This incorporates the comments of Lindy and Terry and also some editorial changes . We need to file this tomorrow , so I would appreciate receiving any comments by 10 a.m . tomorrow . Thanks .
FYI .
A revised red-lined draft is attached reflecting some additional comments from Greg . If this looks ok , please let me know and we'll finalize and file it today .
I'm the original owner . I got it shortly after I came to this department . It's a Compaq Armada M700 .
Ann , Attached is the final , ready-to-file Answer of Transwestern Pipeline Company to Protests . I believe we have confirmed that this can be filed electronically today . If this is not the case , please let Steve and me know so that we can have it filed manually . Also , will we receive any confirmation of receipt of the electronic filing from FERC ? Thanks .
Attached is the final version of Transwestern's advice comments , which has been submitted to the CPUC .
Linda , This looks fine . I just want to confirm that we do not countersign this transportation service request when we receive it from the potential shipper . Instead , we process the request and generate a transportation agreement that we send to the shipper for execution . When we receive an executed transportation agreement from the shipper , we countersign it and begin service . Is this correct ?
Mark , This looks fine .
Yes , although it's no big deal to leave it in .
I haven't received it yet that I can recall .
Thank you .
Attached is the final version of of Transwestern's response to the CPUC's protest in Docket No . RP97-288-017 . The attachment was filed with FERC last Wednesday .
Kim , This was filed yesterday .
Michelle , Attached is a red-lined version of the Burlington OBA , which reflects the change that we discussed this morning . Please let me know if you have any comments or additional thoughts . Thanks .
I think I can help . Please call me at ( 713)853-5269 . Thanks .
Attached for your review and comments is a first draft of the letter that Kim requested to the operators that have not yet executed new OBAs .
Glen , I've heard nothing from either Dan or Gregg . Let me know if I can help follow up .
Donna , My office location is EB4788 . Thanks .
Greg , Please call me ( extension 35269) . Thanks .
Thanks , Dan .
Please see attached .
FYI . We should discuss at the TW staff meeting this afternoon .
Bill , To complete the information I provided to you yesterday , the name of the electric utility providing electric service to Transwestern's Bloomfield , New Mexico compressor station is: The City of Farmington Electric Department . In addition , although not required for a Transwestern bankruptcy filing , the name of the electric utility providing electric service to Northern Natural's Hubbard , Iowa compressor station is: Midland Power Cooperative .
No , unfortunately not .
Emily , I plan to be on vacation on the following days: December 7th ( tomorrow) , December 17th through the 21st , and December 31st .
Attached for your review and comments is a draft of TW's response to the FERC data request in the USGT negotiated rate proceeding . Please note that our response to Data Request No . 1 , contemplates that we will provide to FERC copies of the other bids that were received on this capacity . We could attempt to summarize this other bids , but I think the better approach is to just provide copies . A schedule of actual volumes transported and actual rates charged USGT is attached ( this is the Schedule C that is referenced in our response to Data Request No . 4) . This will need to be updated next week prior to filing . I do not have the other attachments to the responses in electronic format . I can of course provide paper copies of these to anyone who would like to see them . I would appreciate receiving any comments by noon on Monday , December 10 . Thanks .
Greg , Sorry , I meant to copy you on this originally . Please let me know if this looks ok to you . I left you a voice mail about the day off tomorrow ( December 7th) . Thanks .
Attached is a draft of an agreement that would terminate the transportation agreement that Transwestern has with Public Service of New Mexico . Assuming that PSNM is okay with the concept of terminating the agreement , I have no problem with providing this draft to PSNM . Please call if you have any questions or comments .
Thanks for your message . First , I hope your son's ok . His health is obviously the top priority . Hopefully , he'll get better soon . I'm available for lunch on either Wednesday or Friday of this week . There's no hurry in pinning down a date or time now . Just let me know when it's convenient . I'm also available next week . Take care . Bill
Dad , Here's my flight schedule: ( a ) Houston to Raleigh , NC on 12/23/01: Flight No . 1550; Leaves Houston at 10:40 a.m . CST and arrives Raleigh at 2:08 p.m . EST ( b ) Raleigh to Houston on 12/25/01: Flight No 551; Leaves Raleigh at 5:35 p.m . EST and arrives Houston at 7:26 p.m . CST
Mark , Here's the address where you send things for filing with FERC: Mr . David P . Boergers , Secretary Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 888 First Street , N.E .
I am available from 9:00 a.m . to 11:00 a.m . ( but not after 11:00 a.m. ) and after 2:00 .
Maria , I've been trying to get through to you by telephone but keep getting a busy signal . I'm in my office for a little bit longer this evening and will be in all day tomorrow . My number here is 35269 . Thanks .
That's fine with me .
I hope we are not planning on meeting for several hours . I have another meeting scheduled starting at 10:30 . Also , where are we meeting ?
I'm having faxed to each of you a summary that was prepared by Michelle Lokay of the bids that were received by third parties for the USGT capacity . I understand that the preference is to provide FERC with a summary rather than the actual bids .
Michelle , Here's a draft of the letter . Please let me know what you think . Thanks . Bill
Greg , When you have a chance , I think it would be a good idea for me to brief you on the latest developments regarding Enron Compression Services .
Charlie , I think your summary is very good . I would like to add that although Midland cannot discontinue service to ENA for failure to pay the $88,816.33 and $39,881.55 invoices , Midland can shut off service if ENA fails to pay any future invoices . So , it's imperative that someone from Northern very closely monitor the situation with ENA and Midland to ensure that ENA makes the necessary payments . In addition , the bankruptcy court may require ENA to provide Midland with "adequate assurance" of future payments . If required , this will most likely take the form of a cash deposit or a letter of credit . Again , if ENA fails to provide this adequate assurance , Midland may discontinue service .
Actually , I recommended that we attach the entire bids and not the summaries . I believe it was Mary Kay and Steve Kirk who thought the summaries would be better .
Steve , I understand from Maria Pavlou that you are reformatting and also perhaps editing the data request responses that I drafted . Please forward to me a copy of the proposed revisions as soon as they're available so that I can review them . Thanks .
ENA's bankruptcy lawyers are supposed to be sending out a signed copy of the letter today . When I receive it , I'll fax it to Charlie so he can forward it directly to the appropriate person(s ) at Midland .
Lorraine , Thanks for forwarding the attached message . The way I read this , PSNM is effectively withdrawing its demand for the collateral as long as we don't use the contract . We should probably send them a letter confirming that this is the case . I would suggest that you just send an e-mail in response stating that what PSNM has proposed is acceptable and that our understanding is that PSNM will not require collateral as long as we don't utilize the contract . Therefore , PSNM's demand for collateral by December 15 is , based on our understanding , withdrawn . Please let me know if you have any questions . Thanks .
Greg , I had a dental appointment this morning so I didn't get your message until after 8:30 . Do you have some time today to talk about the status of TW's contracts with Enron Compressor Services ? I think it will take about 15 minutes . I'm here all day . So , just about any time is good for me . Thanks .
Patsy , Since I haven't heard back from you re the e-mail I sent earlier this week , I assume that you're going to pass on the Nutcracker . Although I'm disappointed , I guess it's better to know this now rather than further down the road . Anyway , I just wanted to let you know that I really enjoyed meeting you and talking with you . You're a very , very nice person . So , I hope you find the person you're looking for . Take care and best wishes for you and your family . Happy Holidays ! Bill
Monday at 11:30 Tara
Do we have a revised draft of the responses to the data requests ready for review ? I will be out of the office on Monday , when the responses must be filed . So , I would appreciate the opportunity to review the responses sometime today . Thanks .
These look fine . Thanks for sending them to me .
Hi !
Attached for your review is a draft of the proposed letter agreement with ENA .
Kim and Michelle , Attached is a revised version of the capacity release letter agreement , which is red-lined toshow changes from the prior draft .
Attached for your review and comments is a draft of a letter to Richardson Products Co . demanding security or payment of the outstanding invoice .
Ann , Here's the item for the weekly staff notes: Transwestern Pipeline Company Richardson Products Co.: Transwestern has not received payment for Richardson Products Co . for the outstanding invoice for November in the amount of approximately $1,600,000 . Richardson Products Co.has stated that it is withholding payment on the basis that it seeks to recover from Transwestern ( by offset ) amounts that it is owed Enron North America Corp . Transwestern will send Richardson a letter demanding additional security for payment of the outstanding amount and future amounts that become payable .
Attached is a revised draft of the letter , which is red-lined to show changes from the previous draft .
Attached is a revised version of the capacity release letter , which incorporates Kim's comments . I'm ok with sending this in the form attached to ENA . Please let me know if you'd like me to send a copy to ENA's attorney at the same time that you send to the business person . Thanks .
Here's the final version of the letter . Paul , as we discussed , you can print this out on TW letterhead , sign and fax to Richardson . Thanks .
Mark and Jeff Here is information I rec'd regarding the upcoming EEI meeting on Friday May Elizabeth
Hi Karen Going to the legal conference . Lucky me . I get to go only for Wed . night and 2 hours on Thurs . then get to fly to DC for meetings w MH and others regarding contract standardization . Your analysis is historically correct but recently we have changed our policy . The new policy is meeting w limited sucess . Let me know if you need any thing else .
I believe this contract has been executed - Kenton was the lawyer working w Paul P . Let me know if you need us to track it down . Give me a call anytime to discuss the industry in genreal
Sheila I may have mispoke - I thought you were talking about the power contracts . I don't think the current gas form permits assignements in connection w financings , but I could be wrong . let me know what else I can do .
not a thing yet
Kenton worked on this contracr - do you think you can find this . Thanks Elizabeth
thanks thanks
Sorry for the late RSVP , but I will be attending the drafting meetings on Tues . Thanks Elizabeth Sager Enron
sorry to say but I haven't heard a thing
large thanks
I wll be attending the meeting . Thanks Elizabeth Sager Enron
Jeff FYI
John I'm not sure what their issue is but the CFTC issue related to thier interest in being able to terminate their purchase obligations for a price . This is the type of provision we can't have in the contract because of CFTC concerns . Let me know whats next .
John I'm not in on Friday so is there another day ? Also without wantingto be too bold , I will say that we have been down this path before and we just can't have a preestablished termination right ( unless it is a Default ) with financial payment .
please print these thanks
Robin Thanks for your voicemail - here is the final ERCOT Agreement . I'm still thinking of responding w more legal comments but at this point I think the door is pretty much shut .
FYI Stand ready , stand firm .
Sorry for the delay in responding . I am having my assistant Brenda Whitehead fax to Paul asap a copy of the presentation - if you need something else just let Brenda or me know .
Sure . By copy of this letter , I am asking brenda to forward it to you . Thanks Brenda .
brenda please add to chart thanks
Here are my comments What do you think
Here it is ( copy machine on the blink )
I would be very interested in working w Patty on going line by line through the draft Master . Thanks Elizabeth Sager
Kevin I thought the letter was great . No comments .
As always , thanks .
here is a draft . let me know what you think . I know i don't hvave the name of the third plant correct but . . .
Hi Sorry for the delay . I have a meeting scheduled w Exxon for next Thurs . at 1000 . Do you want us to tie you in ? Elizabeth
John Dennis and I spoke last week but I had to canacel the Thurs meeting due to an unexpected out of town trip . Dennis is to call me to reschedule . Sorry for the delay and I'll let you know what comes about . Elizabeth
As promised , here is a copy of what we filed -sorry for the delay - lots of travel recently . A question for you on the meetings on the 28th and 29th - I am assuming the meetings will be in DC . Is this correct ? Thanks and I hope all is well . Elizabeth
"A long time to wait" - thats what Ella says all the time , only she's usually wrong and you are definitely right . In the process of becoming dedicated to nothing but dispute resolution it appears I've lost my civility . .. . imaging that . ... . becoming just like so many trial lawyers . How about Monday the 12th ? Sager
Hi Geoff Sorry for the long delay - Things have been unbelievably hectic . This week in looking better . Do you have any time this week to get together . How about Tuesday ? Let me know what works . Elizabeth
Here is a draft of where we are thinking of going with WSPP Firm . Give me a call to discuss . Thanks . Elizabeth 713 853 6349 .
Attached is a first draft . It is likely heavy handed but we can chop down from here ( don't want to scare NERC away but need to set the record straight) .
Hi Geoff Give me a call at 713 853-6349 when you get a chance . I'v beend trying to call you today but the number just keeps on ringing . Hope all is well . Talk to you soon . Thanks Elizabeth
Brenda Will you please print these out for me . Thanks
Please print
Mark FYI regarding Jim's new role . Thanks Elizabeth
FYI Have a great day
Privileged and Confidential . Attoney Client Work Product . Attached is a draft letter for your consideration . Our outside counsel believes a letter like this would help us in our position that we do not have to continue buying energy when there is no transfer capability at the SDP because we know TVA will reject it . Sending this letter is not critical to the sucess of our position but would bolster it somewhat . Before deceiding to sent or not , I wanted your thoughts on how you think that giving this information to TVA would impact us , particularly given TVA's actions today , re acces to transmission through third party transactions . Lets discuss this afternoon . Thanks Elizabeth
Hi Dennis called me to attempt to reschedule . Conflicts in schedules led him to leave me a vm saying he will call me when he gaets back in the office next week . I'll keep you posted .
Thanks for your email . I'll be out of the office for the rest of the week so when you find an answer , just let Bonnie ( 37422 ) White know . Thanks . Elizabeth
FYI - I'm out of the office the rest of this week , in on Monday and then out all the following week . My assistant Brenda knows where I am . If you need to reach me either leave me a vm and I'll return the call ( I would love nothing more than to be execused from the painful standardized contract meetings I will be attending ) or else call me on the cell phone 713 854 5747 . Bob Madden is the outside lawyer on the TVA MOPA and control area and you can call him at 713 650 8805 if you need to . He is currently working on the declaratory judgement petition and is aware of the possible timeframe . Have a great week . Sager
Please print thanks
Last week , the WSPP drafing group met in sunny California to continue the slow and steady march towards a standardized , "national" agreement . Schedule C ,  the service schedule for firm transactions , was the primary topic and the following is a summary of where the group is headed . After much discussion , we proposed that the group consider the definition of firm energy that Tim , Christian and others have been considering . The following is proposed language ( the base was EPMI's version ) that the WSPP group is currently reviewing: Firm Power is power that is sold and scheduled in accordance with applicable reserve requirements for which the only excuse for the failure to deliver or recieve are those set forth in Schedule 3.9 of the WSPP Agreement . Seller shall take steps necessary for the power to be considered Firm Power under this definition . Schedule 3.9 only allows interruption if ( i ) within agreed recall time , ( ii ) due to an Uncontrollable Force or ( iii ) power is need for native load; provided , however it was agreed that a party would neverless be liable for LDs if it interrupts due to native load requirements ( this last point is a major accomplishment that apppears to have uniform agreement and will be implemented in the next draft - the group claimed that the "optics" are necessary to help traditional utilities) . As a further note , the group agreed to do away with all references to C1 and C2 and have just one Schedule . Changes from EPMI's proposed definition where the result of the following discussions: 1 . Generated vs . Sold - "Sold" was elected over "generated" because the group thinks that it is the receiving control area that determines the generator's reserve requirements . 2 . "Schedule" was added to bolster the scheduling requirements . 3 . "Reserves" instead of "Operating Reserves" was used because the group thought the word operating may be too restrictive . 4 . "WSCC reserve requirements" was replaced with "applicable" reserve requirements because the group thinks that the WSPP Agreement is national in scope and should not be limited to WSPP . 5 . References to Non-firm supply as being excluded from Firm Power was excluded because the group thought it was redundent - no control area would accept a non-firm supply as being firm . 6 . Power rather than energy is being used only bacause that is the decision that has already been made . This defintion will be further discussed at the next meeting on Aug 20th in Denver . Prior to that time , I would like to get your thoughts on how this is shaping up and what additions/deletions are appropriate . I look forward to hearing your thoughts . Thanks . Elizabeth
I'm available all day on the 23rd and 24th . The week before I am here all week other than the 20th ( Friday) . Thanks
I will be out of the office until Monday , August 16th . If you need assistance , feel free to contact either David ( 39239) , Jeff ( 36911) , Leslie ( 36121) , or Christian ( 5034647845) . If you need to reach me I can be tracked down at 970 923 6279 . Thanks and have a great week . Sager
Please print please print
Mark Attached is the preliminary outline of a conference EEI is considering holding on November 17 , 1999 to introduce the form of standardized power contract developed through EEI . You will note that EEI listed you as a potential speaker . EEI has also called me to discuss my role in this presentation but I wanted to get your thoughts first . Thanks Elizabeth
please print
I will be attending Firday's meeting . Complete information for me is as follows: Elizabeth Sager 1400 Smith Street esager2@ect.enron.com ( EMAIL ) Thanks Elizabeth
please print
please print
FYI
Slightly revised version . Thanks Elizabeth
Woould love to but . .. . presentation to FINANCE at 300 . Oh well Hope all is well .
Do you think anybody in your group would be interested ? Sager
Mark Lets talk about his when you get a chance . The Power Trading Group wants to send this out Monday(20 ) or Tuesday ( 21 ) and Christi has asked me for comments . Thanks Elizabeth
materials for DC meeting
Can you get with Ed Hearn on this and start the process rolling - I think he was the one that set up Enron SE - if not give me a call . Thanks Elizabeth
Never mind . Thanks though .
Elizabeth Sager and Lou Stoler from Enron will attend the meeting on Friday . Thanks
John Your interpretation is correct based on my understanding . You may want to call Dennis to just check in . Dennis did say that he would include Enron in any bid packages prepared .
Met at 430 - Yes . Court .  Under the Cox name . Vacation - still thinking . See ya
FYI - Brochure for EEI meeting in November .
Here is the draft . As always , thanks for your help . Elizabeth
Hi Christian Thanks for the email and voicemail - look forward to seeing you in Oct . This EEI contract is a still a progress in work . Last week's meeting resulted in still more changes . New draft is being prepared and will be distributed later this week . Contract "rollout" is in Nov . Its raining here . First time in over two months . I think I'll leave today in celebration . Sager
I have scheduled a meeting for October 7th from 8:30 to 2:30 in room 3321 to recommence the project we began in January to review the existing Houston-based financial , gas and power trading forms . All of you should have received a black binder labelled "Analysis of ECT's Finacial , Power , Gas Forms" which contains all of the long and short forms used for trading ( as such forms existed in January 1999) , as well as my summary comparison as to how each of the forms handles certain legal issues ( eg , termination , cover , assignement , confidentiality . ...) . If you did not receive or cannot locate this binder , let me know and I will forward to you another copy . This analysis was done in January . I am aware that some of the forms may have changed since then but have not undertaken to "update" the memo as we will be able to discuss such changes at the meeting . The purpose of the meeting is to review how each of the Houston-based trading forms has been structured and to note where there are differences . The ultimate goal is to determine what Enron's "model" trading provisions should be and to determine a consistent approach unless there is a justified rational for treating the commodities in a different manner . With this in mind , I would hope to be able to create a "modular type" contract whereby each legal issue would have a recommended approach , evidenced by language that will be approved by the group . By way of example , Enron's gas contract prohibits assignement without consent , which consent can be withheld for any reason . The financial form provides that a party can not unreasonably withhold its consent . At this meeting we would discuss what the preferred approach is and then begin the process of drafting appropriate language , which language would be approved at a seperate meeting . This "modular assignment section" could then be dropped into all trading forms unless differences were required due to the commodity/product involved . You will note that the analysis performed to date does not include all areas of a trading contract . Similiar steps will still need to be undertaken with other provisions such as credit terms . At the meeting , I hope to further discuss the additional areas everybody believes should be reviewed . Aron Roffwarg , a lawyer from Bracewell , will also be at the meeting to assist us in this effort . Thanks
call in number is 888 237 7001 , access code 501 104 talk to you later
Hi John - You are in good company - I never call or write those I care about; only my "enemies" get to hear or see me . And if that doesn't tell you how I spend my time , nothing will . Now that summer is almost upon us ( its only 92 degrees in Houston) , I hope for more . Give me a call and lets try to catch up this week . Hope all is well for you . Elizabeth
This is likely the last opportunity we will have for comments , so if anybody has any additional comments , please let me know no later than the end of the day on Wed , Oct 13th , and I will forward all comments to Caroline on Thursday . Thanks for everybody's assistance on this effort . Elizabeth
I'm only available from 2 -245 on thursday the 21st.(sorry for the trouble but my daughter has a doctors appointment on thurs and I'm not in on Friday ) Thanks Elizabeth
I will be able to attend by phone ( subject to kid noise in the bakground however) . Please leave me a voice mail at 36349 to let me know phone in details . Thanks Elizabeth
It would be my pleasure to have you on the call . I asked Caroline if we could do it at 300 houston time . Hope that works . Elizabeth
Christian Can you review this and let me know if you are ok w this for online trading . thanks
Sorry for the delay Handicap - a very poor player Food - Water , Heinikin and turkey sandwich w cheese Thanks Elizabeth
I'm out thurs and friday this week . In next week , though . Let me know what might work say next tues/wed thanks
1000 is fine w me
Attached is draft . Want to review with Bob before we send out . Thanks
Brenda wuld you please fill this out and send to Zal .
Attached is the latest EEI contract for your review . If you have any changes you think should be incorporated , please let me know before the the 16th of November . As you all are aware , I have been working with EEI to come up with the definition of an "Into" product . I circulated a draft definition at the last EEI meeting . There will be a conference call on Tuesday Nov.9th from 230 to 430 to further discuss with EEI members . Let me know if you would like to participate . In the meanwhile if you have any comments on the draft Into definition I circulated , please get me our comments as soon as possible . I will be meeting with the traders later today to discuss with them . Thanks for everbody's help on this project . The end may be near .
Please print thanks
Final version for your files of the ERCOT Trading Agreement .
Marty Despite best eforts , I have not been ableto revie the definition yet and likely won't before Tuesday when I'm in DC . I'll let you know when finished . Thanks Elizabeth
More on the subject , which I haven't reviewed - let me know what you think . Comes from a guy who is very nice and attentive at Citizens but . . . Happy Days Off
Article as per my voice mail . Thanks Elizabeth
FYI
per my vm es
hi
Thank you
Christi Here is a brief summary of the TVA/EPMI lawsuit - Let me know if you would like more information ( Note - the MOPA has been filed under seal in order to protect confidentiality - The judge was sensitive about this given the potential right of a party to get the MOPA from TVA under a FOIA - Accordingly , we don't want to encourage further invetigation of the MOPA by third parties ) *EPMI filed a declaratory judgement proceeding on November 15 , 1999 against TVA in the District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee . Judge Edgar has been assigned the matter . *The lawsuit concerns the interpretation of an option contract EPMI and TVA entered into on December 6 , 1995 ( Master Option Purchase Agreement ( MOPA) . *The sole issue presented by the declaratory judgement is the obligations of TVA and EPMI under the MOPA in the circumstances where EPMI is unable to schedule for delivery , or deliver , energy requested by TVA under the MOPA at the Scheduled Delivery Point ( SDP ) if the available transfer capability at the SDP is not sufficient to allow the schedule or delivery . EPMI believes that the MOPA unambiguously addresses the issue . *A trial date in late June 2000 has been set . *EPMI filed a Motion for Summary Judgement on November 18 , 1999 .
As you are aware , the legal group has been considering EPMI's options given TVA's failure during the summer of 99 to treat Enron's control areas in a manner similiar to other control areas . One option we have considered is the possibility of claiming monetary damages against TVA for TVA's breach of NERC policies . In order to make such a statement , we would , in essence , be required to assert that the NERC policies are a "contract" which all NERC members are obligated to abide by and for which the failure to do so could result in monetary damages . One concern with this strategy is whether EPMI and/or its affiliates could possibly be damaged in other , unrelated proceedings if it was determined that NERC policies were indeed "contractual obligations" ( e.g. , a third party claims monetary damages against EPMI for an alleged violation of NERC "contractual policies") . It would be very helpful if you would consider this issue and get back to me with any thoughts or comments you have . Thanks for your help . Elizabeth CONFIDENTIAL;ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT;NOT DISCOVERABLE
Patty and Harlan I received your emails . 1 . I agree with Patty that I'm not sure the first section of the agenda is relevant other than in connection with the product descriptions . 2 . I would like to add the Unit Contingent definition as a discussion point . 3 . My apologies given , but I'm still working on the revised draft of the INTO definition . I promise that it will be avaiable no later than early Monday . If at all possible , I will try to get it out earlier but I can't promise given current work committments . I will let you know by Thursday afternoon if it looks like earlier is doable . Let me know if there is anything else I can do . Thanks Elizabeth
Into product should be distributed to Andy and Patricia Young . Emails in this email
Draft Definitions should go to all the peole on this email both as "to" and "cc" .
Here are materials I recieved from EEI in anticipation of the EEI product description meeting on Wed . I would guess that the bulk of the meeting will be spent on the "Into" definition , which draft was prepared by David and myself , but we will also need to provide requested alterations to the other product definitions ( unit firm and system firm) . If you have any questions/thoughts about the Into definiton , please call either David or me .
Hi Dede Dana Davis is the trader that is coming from Enron . Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow . Elizabeth
Richard Here is where Genia got on fax room search . Lets's talk tommorrow about where to go from here . Thanks
As you requested , attached as "INTO4R" is a draft defintion of an INTO Product that I prepared for EEI .
Attached is a preliminary draft of the letter prepared by Gibbs & Bruns notifying TVA of the occurrence of a Triggering Event and EMPI's suspension of deliveries under the MOPA . Please review and call me with any questions or comments . We will need to carefully consider EPMI's offer to provide energy under the MOPA at market based rates . As you are aware , the current plan is to send TVA notice on Jan . 4th . The draft of the control area petition should be ready for circulation on Tuesday , the 28th . Once received , I will forward both the petition and a revised draft of this letter to legal , regulatory and trading for review .
please print all
please print
please print both
Andy David Portz and I will be available to attend the meeting in DC . Look forward to seeing you then . Happy New Year Elizabeth
Hi Give me a call about Duke's changes . I also disagree w ( ii ) and really think even ( i ) is wrong since an Option can either be in the money or out of the money and in either case the full value should be taken and netted against other Gains and Losses . Happy New Year
On ? Name the time ( 400? ) and the spot ( Met? )
At 10:45 am today , Jan 6th , we sent a notice to TVA advising them that a Triggering Event under the MOPA had occurred . As a result of the Triggering Event , EPMI has the right to suspend deliveries and/or to terminate the MOPA . At this point , we have not elected to suspend deliveries or to terminate the MOPA . Accordingly , our performance under the MOPA at this point will not be impacted and we will continue to perform under the terms of the MOPA . The letter also sets forth a proposal to TVA pursuant to which EPMI would be willing to continue performing under the MOPA . This proposal is conditioned on TVA allowing EPMI to seek a judicial determination of its rights and TVA paying market-based rates for the energy delivered by EPMI to TVA under the MOPA pending the judicial proceedings . If you have any questions , please call me at 36349 .
Attached is a memo from Julia about a meeting going over some of the deals , including power deals , that were closed last year . Background information on the deals could be helpful as several of these deals are likely to be administered by power trading . Let LindaNoske know if you can make it ( lunch will be served )
ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT: NOT DISCOVERABLE The following is the current schedule for certain actions EPMI has taken or is contemplating taking relating to TVA: Jan 6 - MOPA- Sent notice to TVA by fax stating that a Triggering Event occurred and asking TVA to consider our proposal in order to continue the MOPA in effect ( to date , there has been no response from TVA ) Jan 24 - Operations - Cut transmission line for 2000 peaker Jan 26 - MOPA - Notify TVA that EPMI is suspending deliveries under the MOPA effective Jan 27 and terminating the MOPA by selecting an Early Termination Date (  which date may be no earlier than 10 Business Days after delivery of notice ) Feb 4 - Control Area - File complaint relating to TVA's actions against EPMI's control areas , which lawsuit would be filed in the Eastern District of Tenn . ( Judge Edgar ) as part of the already filed lawsuit on the interface issues If you have any questions or concerns with this schedule , please notify me immediately . Unless there are any objections , we will proceed on this basis; provided , however , if we hear from Mike Miller that the target operations date of Jan 24th can not be met , we would then propose to expedite this schedule . If we move up any of these actions , we will notify everybody , Elizabeth Sager
please print all attachments ( 2 emails )
please print
please print
Taffy The only time off for me was the holiday on Jan 3 . I claimed 7 hours . Let me know if you need anything else .
ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT;CONFIDENTIAL Thanks
Thanks Bob . I would love a copy of the memo . Elizabeth
As a follow-up to the earlier email , we plan to file the Calpine petition THIS FRIDAY ( the 21st) . Please call me at 36349 and let me know if you have any thoughts/comments . ..on the petition . Thanks Elizabeth
Greg Original email that was sent to me , also was suppose to be sent to you , but it went to the wrong Greg Woulfe . So here it is . Also , date of filing is wrong . We want to file this Friday , the 21st . Let me know if you have any thoughts/changes . Thanks Elizabeth
FYI - This Friday ( 21 ) not Next
Surpassing last year's record will be easy . Great to see you as well and Feb 2 looks great . Lets talk on the first .
What time
ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT: NOT DISCOVERABLE By letter dated January 24th , TVA rejected EPMI's offer to continue performance under the MOPA at market prices . Accordingly , we sent a letter to TVA today , January 25th , at 4:00 notifying TVA that ( 1 ) EPMI was suspending deliveries under the MOPA effective Thursday , January 27th and ( 2 ) EPMI intended to exercise its termination rights unless TVA agreed to our proposal to continue performance under the MOPA pending a judicial determination of whether a Triggering Event occurred under the MOPA . Please call me if you have any questions . Copies of the letter will be distributed later today . Elizabeth Sager
CONFIDENTIAL ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT Here is the draft TVA petition covering all 3 issues we have with TVA that we are planning to file tomorrow , the 27th . Please call me no later than than 9:00 with any comments . Thanks Sorry for the short notice
Thanks for the comments Elizabeth
Can you see if you cann open this for me thanks
lunch today great with me . how about you . call or write
email has changed to Elizabeth.Sager@Enron.com
please print
please print
Janel I'm not sure . I thought the meeting was being set up to coordinate efforts between regulatory , legal and ENA and EES . The meeting was requested by Christi Nicollay .
lets discuss at 130
As promised , here is rough idea of deal . Terms have changed since this was prepared . I will keep you informed as the deal progresses . Thanks Elizabeth
nothing I know of
Tuesday works great for me . As we discussed at the last meeting in Houston , I have begun , but not yet finished , revisions to Product B . I have several questions and will need input from others as how best to proceed on some issues . I spoke w Harlan briefly but would appreciate further input , particularly on the "one-time , good faith effort" to find an ADI . I will call Harlan and Marjie to further discuss . A draft will be circulated before the Tuesday call . Thanks Elizabeth
Today its my turn to be the goof - today I can't make it . Sorry . How about tomorrow Sager
I did say Thursday right ? Thursday noon ?
brenda please set up in mydirectory as the next TVA letter
Enclosed is a revised Term Sheet , one copy of which has been marked to show changes from Fred's last draft . The Term Sheet is intended to be in no way binding; references to the proposal being held "open" have been deleted . Also , I have not attempted to include any reference to SD Warren having the right to receive the financial benefits if EPMI resells the Power not used by SD Warren to NEPOOL at a price higher than the Contract Price ( CFTC concerns) . Dan - Could you please help me fix the definition of "Green Requirement" . Fred - I wanted to stick to "would" instead of "will" as the operative verb in order to emphasize the non-binding nature of the proposal . If you have any questions or comments , please call me . I will not be in the office on Friday . In my absence , please call Leslie Hansen at 36121 . Elizabeth
Fred I don't think we have to wait , but if time permits we might as well fix . Elizabeth
Christi Could you please email the TVA draft letter . Thanks If I don't talk to you before you leave , have a great trip .
positively - how about early monday ? take care Elizabeth
At the request of Christi , enclosed please find a revised draft of EPMI's response to TVA's recent letter concerning EPMI's transmission requests . This letter has been revised from the earlier draft to reflect comments from Kevin and me . I will call Bill Rust and read the letter to him after all revisions have been made . Please let me know if you have any comments . We would like to get the letter out to TVA as soon as possible , preferably this afternoon if possible Thanks Elizabeth
Andy As we discussed during the last conference call , attached is a revised Article 8 , Credit Provisions , to the EEI Contract , along with a revised section for the Cover Page . The changes were made to make Article 8 more user friendly and to incorporate the few comments that were agreed to during the conference call . I tried blacklining , but that proved not decipherable due to the extensive formatting changes . Maybe you will have better success . I have attempted to mark by hand the changes and will fax that to you in case you want to distribute it to the rest of the group . The only changes that were not discussed on the call ( other than those resulting from the global restructuring ) that I made are as follows: 1 . Changed the Section entitled "Performance Assurance" to "Collateral Threshold" - Use of PA seemed misleading since PA is referenced in other sections dealing with collateral . 2 . Added the words "acceptable to Party ___" in new Section 8.1(d ) and 8.2(d ) in order to clarify , as we did in Sections 8.1 ( a ) and 8.2(a ) that the security must be acceptable to the receiving party . 3 . Added provisions in the Cover Sheet to provide expressly whether the options are "Applicable" or "Not Applicable" . As always thanks for your help . Elizabeth
Thanks
this would not print for me . would you try
fyi lets discuss later
please call me w any final comments
A huge debate has been ongoing in he battle whether to include language in the EEI Contract that would provide that a confirmation that contains "substantive" terms not discussed by the traders is subject to the "deemed accepted" language . I have been very vocal against adding this language . The politics as you can tell from this email have been fierce , and as in much of successful politics , dirty . I'm not sure where this will end up , but feel like it is important that we all are aware of the history here as well as Enron's position ( Confirmation needs to be the final , best evidence unless objected to in a timely manner) . I will keep everybody posted on the results of the vote .
Let me know if there is anything else I can do Thanks Sager
Enron votes no . Thanks Elizabeth Sager
In what I'm sure is an oversight , EEI forgtot to send me a ballot . After appealing for my right to vote , a ballot was forthcoming . I voted "NO" on the proposal . We will see what happens from here .
tva letter w presto change ( generator to generation ) and fixed typo
letter w presto changes and 1 typo (  see earlier email )
Thanks for the vm/fax . How about trying to talk on Tuesday at 900 houston time . Elizabeth
would you please send master ( with riders ) to stuart w/ note that we are currently revising and will resend latest version when finished ( 2-3 weeks ) thanks
let me know if this enough . ps we are not a member of eei for payment puposes
please print
please print
did you get what you need on this ( it would be fine with me )
I've spoken to all . Adrianna can't make it either the 15th , 16th or 17th ( trip to Destin) . Everybody is available during spring break ! Hooray ! How about Monday or Tuesday ( that would be best for Rachelle) . Let me know what works ( I think we should both go , if possible) . a Palm
david do you have time to review this . I''ll give you a term sheet I recently did . thanks
Here is what houston thinks the deal is . Hope it matches the West . Any help wanted , call . Thanks .
any interest
only 1 day . any interest ?
Thanks - Hope this works
What's the deal , Michigan vs . Duke ? Cox and SagerII ? If Arizona does anything in the final , SagerI has it nailed . Arizona any good ? see ya at 415
I've spent the past 2 hours exploring each and every post office in the armpit of southwest Houston ( Enron advice ) looking to simply renew my pasport only to be intimidated by the words "no less than a 4 hour wait" ( on hard floors ) .  Any advice ? Your experience certainly must have been better . Sad I am .
Dear Gail wants a party at a house . If you remember we volunterred if kids came . Gail said kids or no kids , whatever we wanted . what do you think ? Kids ( ours plus katie and oscar and eleanor ) at our house on Sat . Punt to Ted w/no kids ?
Tuesday , GAD's only birthday request was for an "old-timey" chocolate cake" ( the kind that's not very good but she likes anyway) . Today , on reflection , she asked for oysters . Grant's special ones . All my hard work and you get the fame .
another request - delegate as you feel appropriate thanks
I hope so . GIve me a call sometime . I could have lunch today , the 28th . Can you ?
I,m jealous of your beautiful dog , but do you have any pictures of family ? Lunch tommorrow is out ( standing in line at post office to get passport for trip to Paris) . Next week I'm mostly out ( trip to NY with daughter Ella for wedding of girlfriend I've known since I was Ella's age ) but call me anyway or I'll try to call you . PS As you can tell , work is a low priority right now , so . .. . let's go !
oops , a little slow
FYI in case you hadn't already heard
Hi Gave Jackie's resume to Mark Taylor . Did he call her yesterday ? I'm out this weekend w little "Eloise" ( only the finest); let the 60's live !
Hi Dede I got your email about NY seminar . Great idea but sorry we can't be of much help - I haven't touched EEI since the Houston seminar . I know its time to start trying to use it . Oh well , next week's project . On a more important note , do you want to try and hit this Tuesday ( the 4th ) at lunch ? Let me know . Hope you have fun on Friday night . Elizabeth
As we discussed , attached is a draft of an agreement for Valley Energy . This agreement assumes that Valley Energy would buy power from EPMI and resell it to the distributors who have signed an agreement with TVA . Call me at 713 853 6349 if you have any questions or comments . Thanks Elizabeth Sager
John I got your email regarding our sale to NHEC . I will be out of the office March 31 , and April 3 , 6 , 7 . When you get the draft contract , please forward it ASAP to Brenda Whitehead , my assistant , and Leslie Hansen . Depending upon the timing and the extent of the comments either me , Leslie or another lawyer will be able to help you with this . The timing may be awkward because all Enron lawyers will in San Antonio next week , but we will work it out . Once I see the draft , I will have a better feel for the timing . Talk to you soon Elizabeth
Hi John Thanks for the email re TVA . As usual , things got behind me last week so I wasn't able to move the TVA letter forward . I have promised Kevin something by today - so I may be calling you this afternoon . Hope all is well Elizabeth
Hi Dede Got your message - I would have loved to go; instead I was stuck on a roller-coaster of an airplane for over 5 hours fighting a "terrific headwind" according to the pilot . See you at 11:00 unless I hear from you . Elizabeth
As promised . Call me when you want to disucss . FYI - The letter is very "lawyerly"; I'm not sure this is the right approach though . Let me know if you think this tone will do more harm than good . Paragraphs for you to consider are in brackets .
Hi Just FYI - A collection of racquets is more than just a luxury . On Friday , after the matches , I was keen to assert my new found tennis prowess . I thought I could do it too . I was playing like a spring chicken until my first big overhead . I set up well , ready to bounce that ball right over Grant's head . I thought I was so cool . Up I went to find the ball and out came flying my racquet . On the other side of the net . Cracked . Everybody stood to stare to see if it was anger or incompetence that created such a mess . I think I better work on that shot . Tennis on Wed. ? Elizabeth
There is no guarantor for NHEC . I have not received the form of LC . Issuing bank is National Rural Utility Coop Finance Corp . Thanks Elizabeth
Sounds great . See you on Wed . at 1230 unless I hear from you .
thanks
good for us
Oops forgot to respond to this request . It would be absolutely fine to use our arbitration language as an example for the Cover Sheet . My only suggestion would be to leave blank the place for the arbitration ( I've gotten untold grief for using HOUSTON) . See ya at 1230
thanks
I would love them if still available
Robbi Sometime on Wed , Thurs . next week would be fine to get together ( I'm out early next week doing the last of the roadshows on the Edison contract - I can't wait for the process to be over - it has been going on for over a year) . Call my assiatant Brenda Whitehead at 35438 to schedule a time . Thanks Elizabeth
per my voice mail
Brenda please download this document and put in my directory in new file EEI Contract . After pulling down email copies to Sandra Hrna and Robbi Rossi . thanks
Hi Can you still play today ? I could play at 12:30 or in the afternoon , say 3:00 or 3:30 . Talk to you soon Elizabeth
how about 330 ?
Instructions per SW . I assume she is referring to the time submitted by Taffy . Jeff H is my immediate supervisor . Thanks
Chaundra must have accidently forgot to forward to you .
Hi How about Tuesday at 1130 (  I'm meeting with all Enron power traders on Tuesday at 400 to explain the EEI contract - oh boy , that will be a blast) . If that doesn't work I can also play on Wed . See ya
She'll love it ! Talk to you soon . Have a great weekend .
Hi Brent Hope all is well . I received your email . In the US we do physical power puts and calls , usually on a daily , weekly or monthly basis ( e.g several month deal that gives party right to receive/sell energy on a daily basis) . The confirmation for them is very simple , and generally assumes an underlying master that would govern the physical delivery if the option is exercised as well as all the other general terms and conditions . By copy of this email , I would ask Leslie Hansen to send you copies of a put and call confirmation which she can get from our documentation group . Looking forward to seeing you soon back in Houston ( Thanks Leslie )
Lisa Thanks for the notice . Please add Janice Moore and Shari Stack to you list and delete Lou Stoler . Thanks Elizabeth
You both have been added to this list
Hi Want to play tennis next week ? Wed/ Thurs , lunch or afternoon works fine for me . Let me know . I'll give you more details later but the meeting with the traders went reasonably well . See you soon Elizabeth
Mitch Give me a call when you get a chance , re the Gleason letter ( I'm not sure I've left voice messages for you at the right place) . Thanks Elizabeth
That would be great . I have court 2 for us at 330 . Let me know if we need to change it; otherwise I will see you there . Elizabeth
Hi I talked to Grant and we are definitely considering coming up assuming we can make it work with your schedule . The week you are in BI may work out great . We will get back in touch with you as soon as we check the details . Thanks for the great offer and encouragement . I'm praying we can make it all work out . Ella is a size 8 . Thanks again and I'll talk to you soon . Liz
Oops . Address for shipping is 822 Columbia Ella will be so excited to get a package/swimsuit - Everyday now she asks if she has gotten any mail ( she loves opening things and the idea that the world is sending her things ) Thanks again and hope to see you soon .
David Can you look this over . Thanks
Tues at 930 or 200 would be fine . thanks
FYI
This is the subject of the meeting w Larry for 230 today on 31 in control room
Janice You could help Christi et all on this Thanks Elizabeth
David Could you please look at this ? Thanks Elizabeth
Hi John Just wanted to let you know that we still have not heard from TVA , re dual interconnect with Southern . In the next week or so we will give them a call . On the Gleason facility , TVA has been relatively helpful and has agreed to let us go "commercial" sooner than they otherwise would be required to . Maybe this is a thawing of relations . Just dreaming . Talk to you soon . Hope all is well . Elizabeth
Please print attachment and send copies to Richard Sanders , Mark Haedicke and Bob Madden . Thanks
tues sounds great
Leslie Can you please forward to the appropriate person
Can you print this ?
Brenda Please turn this into a draft in my TVA letter file . We will work on later this later today . thanks
Please review . If OK I will send down for signature . Sager
Some interesting background materials
per my vm by Elizabeth Sager/HOU/ECT on 06/08/2000 08:49 AM -----
At the request of Christi Nicolay , attached please find the definition of an "Into Product" that was prepared by a group of industry participants working with the Edison Electric Institute ( EEI ) ( this definition is also available on the EEI web page) . The only other definition of an "Into" product of which I am aware is the information that is available on the Cinergy web page or the definition published by NYMEX for its "Into Entergy" product . If you have any questions about the "Into" energy product that is so commonly traded in the over-the-counter market in the East ( eg "Into Entergy" , "Into TVA" , "Into Cinergy" , "Into ComEd") , please don't hesitate to call me . Elizabeth Sager Enron Power Marketing , Inc . Assistant General Counsel - Power Trading
Attorney-Client Privileged Communication Not Discoverable Hi Tim Leslie Reeves recently spoke to me about an outstanding receivable we still have relating to PCA . PCA went into bankruptcy in 1998 . At the time of PCA's bankruptcy , PCA owed a $5.3 million receivable to EPMI . On EPMI's books , this uncollected receivable amount was offset by an out-of-the money forward position EPMI had with PCA which we were able to take to zero when PCA defaulted ( contract provided for one way payments upon the occurrence of an event of default ) and some funds from credit . After netting all these amounts , there is still a $600,000 receivable showing up as owed from PCA to EPMI . Based on the current bankruptcy proceedings , it is not likely that EPMI will receive any additional funds from PCA ( we have taken a very low key approach in the bankruptcy due to the lack of PCA funds , the extensive amounts owed by PCA to other creditors , the assertions being made by PCA against some of the other creditors , and the legal effect of the one-way payment termination payment that provided us a significant offset to the receivable) . Accordingly , unless I hear otherwise from you , I will talk to Leslie and tell her to go ahead and clean up the $600,000 PCA receivable now , and in the unlikely event PCA makes payments to any creditors , we would then give such amounts received from PCA back to you . Call me if you have any questions . Thanks Elizabeth
This is another TVA letter . Can you please put in my directory , add our standard addresses and heading and set up for signature for Kevin Presto VP .  I will work on editing letter after you fix format . thanks
Hi Cregg Got your email - I don't know of any openings now but will certainly keep my eyes and ears open , and if I hear of anything I will let you know . Good luck to you in your search - with your self realizations in tow ( cynicism is always appreciated and confidence is a boon ) ,  I'm sure an even better opportunity will present itself . Elizabeth
Here is a brief memo prepared by Dan Watkiss relating to the relationship between TVA transmission and marketing . N I will call you later to discuss TVA letter . Kevin does not want to make offer to sell at market based rates . Also want to discuss if there is any way we can challenge TVA on the hourly tag problems of last week . Talk to you soon . Thanks
Bob Here is a revised draft . Please review and give me comments . Thanks Elizabeth
Tennis plan looks great . Total time 1 hour 35 minutes . No problem . I played last night with Grant and 2 other guys ( only the second time I've ever played doubles with Grant ) - my forehand/backhand down the line won some respect ( thanks to our practice sessions no doubt ) but my net game continues to be wobbly , shaky , timid , erratic ,  random... . in a word , pitiful . So here is to continued improvement - See you at 1130 on Thursday , court 1 . Also Genia sent you by email our EEI cover sheet last week but she just left me a message saying you may no have rec'd it . Did you get it ? If not I'll resend . Just let me know . Thanks
Hi Smith If a six week delay in responding doesn't merit a big I'm sorry I don't know what does . My sincere apologizes in not responding sooner . We have been looking for a power trading lawyer for about a year . In March Mark H . decided that since we couldn't find one outside that he would bring in people internally . Accordingly , back in April we had 3 internal lawyers move into the group . As a result of this shift , we are not currently looking for additional lawyers for power trading , but if things change I'll let you know . Just FYI , there may be openings in other areas ( finance , asset development) . If you are interested , let me know and I'll call you back . Also , I know that power trading lawyers in general are in hot demand . . . other organizations may be hiring . I will be up in Portland , next week . Maybe we can talk then Again , my apologizes on the long delay .
pretty skimpy but here it is .
please reformat - new tva12 thanks
FYI TVA did not send notice of MOPA exercise for the summer 01 period
Have a great weekend eating soggy hotdogs in misty , damp weather , dreaming of Genia on her cruise , all the while wondering about the meaning of quality time . See you Monday am , not sharp . Bye
Hi Susan How's things going ? I hope at least OK if not well . Delete my rambling voice mail if you haven't heard it .  Hey about the Sat party , I'm thrilled . We would , of course , love to come to your house ( I think Gail told me that you generously offered to host your own birthday party ) but we would also love to have you guys at our house as well ( wouldn't you rather relax , drink and let the kids shuffle around without having to worry about the diner preparation , and worse yet , clean up - after all it is your party - mine's next) . Let me know what you think . Sager
Hi Alex THANKS - Ella rec'd the bathing suit and loves it . She put it on and wouldn't take it off . Perfect size . Perfect gift . WE ARE COMING - hope that's still OK . We finally booked our flight to NY . We are planning on coming up on Sat . July 22nd and leaving on Sunday the 30th . Not sure of the plans from there but will call you later . If this doesn't work for you guys , let me know . SO EXCITED about coming . Talk to you soon .
Bob Here is what we sent TVA last year when we were notifying them of the delivery points we would have delivered to . I'm tied up in meetings the rest of the day and we want to start notifying TVA of the delivery points we would have used had we had an obligations to continue to schedule and deliver energy under the MOPA , Could you please revise accordingly and send back to Bill Rust and me this afternoon , We would like to start sending out tomorrow . As always , thanks for your help . Elizabeth
Dede , per your vm , here are our draft West definitions . THESE ARE VERY MUCH IN DRAFT FORM . I WILL DISCUSS WITH YOU LATER Elizabeth
I could make 1100 . Janice is out today so we can meet today without her and I will update her . Let me know when and where .
As always , thanks for your help .
Rodgers As we discussed , here is a first effort at a revised TVA offer letter . I drafted the Into TVA Option as a series of calls tied to the MOPA delivery term and quantity - not sure if this anything close to what you all had in mind . Please let me know what shape you all think the offer ought to take and we can revise accordingly . Thanks Elizabeth 36349
Hi Sorry to hear about being SICK - the only good there is re-experiencing the pure joy of being merely healthy . After that nothing bad matters . Would love to see you sometime - maybe next week lunch ? The Heights is still grand . . . too me . Come by or call anytime . Address 822 Columbia ( on Columbia See ya Elizabeth
Confidential; Attorney client work product; Not discoverable Here is a rough draft . I will also start on TVA letter . Per my earlier vm , I am struggling with the benefit of a 2 year proposal vs . 7 . I'm not sure if we get any "cap" benefit from making a seven year deal even if TVA doesn't accept our offers ( benefit would assume that TVA has an obligation to cover entire position which is contrary to what our outside counsel has said in the past . According to Bob , since TVA is asking for specific performance , it may not be reasonable for TVA to cover entire period . I will try to talk to him tonight.) . If TVA accepts one of our proposals and then we lose the termination argument , what do we do ? Supply ? Terminate Again ? In either case our proposal for 7 years will likely not cap our damages . Let me know what you think . I'll be in early tomorrow . Thanks
per my vm
Please review and forward comments to me early Thursday morning so we can distribute along with a copy of my explanatory memo . I will forward a redraft of the memo to you for final review prior to distributing to John L and Dave D . Thanks
CONFIDENTIAL ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT Please review attached memo and provide me comments early Thursday morning . Kevin and Rodgers saw an earlier draft and I do not want to recirculate to them for their final review until we have all legal input . Thanks
EPMI is entering into more and more transactions that are settled against a floating , published index price . Our physical contract does not currently provide for what happens if the published source is not available or is otherwise materially changed . Under ISDA for financial trading , this is addressed as a Market Disruption Event ( MDE) . Under ENA's standard contract for financial trading , there is included as a MDE "the imposition of trading limits on the range within which the price of the commodity may fluctuate" . What this may mean is that if a cap is imposed on power prices , then in lieu of using the capped price to determine the floating price , you would be required ( under ISDA ) to eventually get brokers to determine what the price would have been without the cap . I want to add language to our physical contracts that addresses material changes/disappearance of the published prices that would mirror the financial trading terms and doubt whether we would want to make the imposition of a cap on power prices a MDE . If you treat the imposition of a cap ( say in CA of prices to $500 or in NEPOOL to $1,000 ) as a MDE , then we would be required to secure quotes as to what the price would have been without the cap each time that a pricing date trades at the cap level . This only seems fraught with litigation risk to me . Alternatively , if caps are not deemed a MDE , then you would always settle against the published prices , even if they are "artificially" determined after the trade was entered into . While caps are not appealing , I think it would be better to not have the imposition of caps be considered a MDE . I have spoken with the financial trading group and they will follow our lead on this . So , depending upon what you both think , we will make sure that financial and physical power are treated the same on this issue . Thanks for your thoughts .
Attorney Client Work Product Not Discoverable Dave As explained in Presto's voice mail , attached is a brief memo discussing the proposed offer to TVA and a draft offer letter . Elizabeth Sager
Andy Sorry to get back to you so late - I've been out of town and will be out all this week as well . A meeting on 14th/15th in DC would be great for me . Just let me know . If you need to reach me this week - just leave me a voice Thanks Elizabeth
FYI I was also helping on this deal as was Jason . Thanks Elizabeth
Confidential Attorney Work Product Not Discoverable Attached is a preliminary draft of the Legal Risk Chart . You will need to open this in "Read Only mode" Richard and Jeff - As we discussed , I will need further assistance from you to complete several of the entries . I have put your names by the entries that will either need to be updated or to be completed . I believe Julia and Mark T would be the best to provide updated information on the SEC Risk and the CFTC Risk ,  respectively , and I will get with them shortly to update . This document has limited access; only my assistant , Brenda Whitehead can view/revise . Accordingly , Jeff and Richard - please either call me to discuss your comments and I can complete the chart with Brenda or else provide Brenda with your written comments . Thanks for your help . Elizabeth
CONFIDENTIAL ATTORNEY/CLIENT INFORMATION NOT DISCOVERABLE Two years after PCA's bankruptcy , we received a demand letter from PCA . PCA claims that EPMI owes PCA $15,126,445.16 for damages resulting from EPMI's wrongful termination of transactions in June 1998 . This amount appears to be based on PCA's calculation of the forward values of the terminated trades , and certain "preference payments" that PCA claims were made to EPMI . This claim is in its preliminary stages . I will update you with further information as soon as we get a handle on what the Trustee is really seeking . As you will remember , we currently have a proof of claim pending against PCA for over $5 million dollars representing our unpaid receivable amount . Bill In connection with this matter , it would be very helpful if you could have someone gather the following information: 1 . Date and amount of last payment made by PCA , splitting the relative net amounts owed to and from EPMI ( I would assume that payment for April deliveries was made - accordingly , I would assume that the last payment we received from PCA would have been around May 20th) . 2 . Total amount of MWH delivered to PCA but for which PCA never paid for . 3 . The details of how you calculated the net MTM exposure of the terminated transactions ( pursuant to an email to me dated July 27 , 1998 you had calculated the MTM as of July 7 , 1998 at $3,772,939 ) As always , thanks for your help .
Hi Andy I received this email but for some reason I can't open it . Today is my last day in the office until the 22nd . Can you resend this to me and I will look at it when I get back next week . If it can't wait that long , go ahead and send to David Portz and he may be able to assist you . Look forward to talking to you soon . Elizabeth
date has changed
lets discuss later today
Hi Carol ! Thrilled to hear all is going well . I would love to play tennis anytime ( hopefully sooner rather than later so I can take advantage of that lingering fatigue that takes months ? years ? to abate) . We can play at the Met either around lunchtime or sometime after 4:00 . Weekends would also work . Can you play next Tuesday or Wednesday ? Call or write . See you soon Elizabeth
Hi Peter Hope all is going well . I received your message about a meeting today , August 30th . Because of a prior commitment that starts at 3:30 , I will not be able to attend - I will be in Thursday and Friday , so if there is anything I can do , just let me know . Elizabeth
Confidential Not Discoverable Attorney work product I spoke w Richard - he agrees that Stuart should wait until after 5 BD to talk to the City and that it is ok to manage the position as we see fit .
Hi Harlan Hope your enjoying your fortuitous timing - since you've been gone we haven't seen below triple digits and there is no relief in site . In that vain , I'd love nothing more than to pull you back for nothing less than an Into meeting . I spoke w Kevin Presto , head of East trading , and he has proposed that we all get together no earlier than the end of next week , with afternoons and Tues or Thurs being the best days . He would propose that he , Rogers Herndon and John Zufferli attend . Let me know what days would work for you . Happy trails Elizabeth
Thanks for your voice mail . In case you are wondering what my former secretary and long time friend thinks of me . .. . This goes with a bigger story I will tell you about sometime when I can . Talk to you later .
Dale and Nicole I unsuccessfully tried to retrieve the document you sent Can you either resend or get me a hard copy . Thanks Elizabeth 36349
Dynegy has requested a meeting with us to discuss what an "Into Product" is and how this product works with what is currently going on with transmission and how it may be impacted by future changes in transmission . Attendees from Dynegy will include Griff Jones ( Dynegy's head of trading) , Matt ( whose last name I didn't get ) and their lawyer Harlan Murphy . If you think somebody else should attend or if you want them to come over here , let me know and I can talk to Harlan . Assuming the meeting stays scheduled , I will schedule an internal meeting to briefly go over the EEI Into definition before we meet with Dynegy . As you are aware , in connection with the EEI effort we worked extensively with a large group of industry participants to define what an Into Product is . Dynegy and PECO were the two companies that were very outspoken against they way the product ultimately got defined . Dynegy put on a big dog and pony show before a large group of industry participants trying to argue that EEI's Into product was flawed . Their position , while not completely expressed , hinges on the concept that if you sell an Into Product and are making deliveries on firm transmission , then the Seller will always be excused from performance if the firm transmission gets cut for any reason ( in general , this is contrary to EEI which obligates the Seller to go to another interface unless the cut was due to Buyer's use of non firm transmission when firm was available or due to Buyer's attempt to move the energy away from the receiving control area) . Dynegy's approach was driven by the fact that they have extensive generation and that the vast majority of their deals go physical . At the time , we suggested that if they were worried about cuts in firm transmission , then they needed to sell a transmission contingent product . Dynegy's concept was rejected at the EEI meetings . I hope that the meeting will accomplish the following goals: 1 . Get Dynegy to agree to trade Into with us under a common Into definition - Dynegy will not sign an EEI with us because of the Into definition . We trade Into extensively with them , but clearly do not have a common understanding of what we are trading . Critical to clear up this ambiguity . 2 . Secure Dynegy as an advocate of EEI - Because Dynegy was so vocal against EEI's Into definition , if they now started using EEI , it would further boost acceptance of the contract and isolate PECO as the only other major voice against the Into definition . 3 . Reexamine the Into Product as it is currently drafted and consider what will happen as access to transmission changes - Because the Into product is such an important part of East trading today , it is critical that internally we all agree how it should operate . Additionally , it is critical that we start thinking about how the Into product will be affected by changes in transmission , such as the advent of RTOs ( with long term Into deals we may want to consider addressing what happens if the receiving control area goes into an RTO ) Call me with any questions/thoughts . Thanks Elizabeth
Hi Carol My home number is 713 864 4023 - weekends would work fine so give me a call any time . This heat is unbelievable . I've become weak in body and have recently only played inside at the Met - I'm playing this weekend outside for the first time in weeks - I'll probably get killed . Just FYI I will be out of town next weekend but around after that . Anytime you want to play , just give me a call . Lucky you - as I struggle at my desk dealing with the fallout from extreme volatility in Western power prices , I can think of nothing more pleasant then holding a newborn ( they never cry and don't eat that much - right?) , luxuriously watching the drama unfold at the US Open . Go Davenport . Lets hope Martina fares as well . Hope all is well and I'll talk to you soon . Elizabeth
Hi Harlan Tuesday , Sept 12th from 2:30 to 5:30 at your offices works fine for us . Lets reconfirm Monday afternoon . Thanks Elizabeth
Mark Attached is the draft memo . After you have had a chance to review , please call me with your thoughts/comments . I would also like to briefly speak with John Klauberg about "East Coast" municipalities to make sure he thinks this policy works in the east as well . John is going to call me early this afternoon . Also , to the extent you think we should highlight financial trading policies like I have done , I would like Mark to review what is written ( he did confirm that this is financial trading's policy) . Finally , it would be very helpful if I could get your thoughts on to whom we should distribute the memo . Thanks Elizabeth
You vastly overstate my role but thank you nonetheless . As always , an irreplaceable learning experience for me when we are communicating . And so , I too , thank you . Have a great weekend . Maybe take a shower .
Attached is a rough draft , but I wanted to get you something before I left . Please review and call me with any comments . I will review again tonight and make final comments . I will be out tomorrow but we can work with Kim to make final changes Thanks Elizabeth
No pre meeting necessary - we can just talk on way over .
Shari FYI Here is a confirmation I prepared ( very quickly ) for use with Entergy ( that weird customer who will only use WSPP ) when we need to do a firm deal under the WSPP .
Mark had the memo sent of Friday to the Executive Committee and all VPs .
Hi - Thanks for Sat . - that was fun . Can you play Tues or Thurs lunch ?
see you on court 2 at 12:00
Leslie Do you have a hard copy I could take w me tomorrow to DC ( valuable plane time work ) Thanks
Melanie In general , Enron would prefer all matters with respect to power go to arbitration for all issues . When we first started trading power we limited arbitration because we were uncertain where/how the market was going . Accordingly , we limited arbitration to financial matters only . I only raised the issue last week because the scope of arbitration came up in another case and we were uncertain whether an issue of proper termination would be subject to the arbitration provision or not . In conclusion , based on today's policies ( arbitrate everything) , I would not think that there would be any reason for us to be concerned with preserving an argument of limited applicability of the arbitration language found in the PCA Master . I briefly reviewed your draft answer and will fax the comments to you shortly . Thanks Elizabeth
Thanks Anything fine but if individual orders are being followed , a large salad with vinaigrette dressing and some maque chou ( sp?) .
per our discussion yesterday
Shari Can you follow up and see what they want us to do on this (  I know its AEP but since its west , I thought you could do it most easily . . . let me know if I'm wrong )
Hi I really enjoyed playing yesterday -thanks . Can you hit on Wed . afternoon or Thursday lunch or afternoon ? Talk to you soon
Hi Sheryl Hope all is well - we missed Eleanor on Sunday . How did your lunch go last week . Give me a call when you get a minute . Sager
SCEM - Sonnet Edmund's can be your first stop . She has a new person who you will likely work with but I forget his name .
Hi Melanie I received your draft answer and am still trying to verify numbers . When do we need to file ? Thanks Elizabeth
Hi John Thanks for WSJ article . Now if only you could notify senior management over here and let them know I would forever indebted ( but hopefully richer as well) . TVA has sent us a system impact study agreement that I am having faxed to you now . We have to send out on Thursday . Do you have time to review and we can discuss tomorrow . Thanks
great
John and Sam It would be great if you would follow this for us . Please forward things to me . Just FYI , PCA has sued us in the bankruptcy , for among other things , wrongful termination . Call with any questions . Thanks Elizabeth
Hi Andy I read through all of your Article this weekend .  What a job ! I will forward to you this afternoon or first thing tomorrow an electronic copy of my suggested changes , which also attempts to pick up those given to me by Dede . After you receive it , I thought it might be helpful to talk over the changes so you can see where I was coming from . Thanks Elizabeth
Sheila FYI . I will forward to you the written reviews I have done . Thanks Elizabeth
Hi Will you call you later to discuss
Hi Leslie I would love to but I'm not sure right now about my schedule . I'm moving offices and everything is a mess . I will call you if it looks like I can get away . If not I'll call ( or please call me ) in a couple of weeks ( I'm out all next week) . See you soon Elizabeth Sager
this may help thanks
So sad . No questions at all on EEI ? I'm dying having to write a 2 hour presentation on this despicable contract and I know not what to do it hurts me so bad . Oh my . Nice day for a run , even a slow one .
Mark This memo was sent to the Executive Committee , all ENA VPs and all ENA lawyers . Thanks Elizabeth
Don't go without me . . . I can't go this week . . . or next week , other than Wed . ( does that work?) . The week after that , and the week after that , and the week after that , . .. . look fine too .
Kevin Richard Tabors number is 617 543 5304 . John Basinger and Barrett Reasoner with the Gibbs and Brun law firm would like to get a hold day with him ASAP . Thanks for your help Elizabeth
Yippee
Oh shit Yippee Oh shit Yippee Please stop
I can meet at 1115 for 30 minutes . I will be in my office . Tell him to call me here and if we don't finish we can resume later
Jim Friday morning would be great for the Gibbs & Brun lawyers to meet with Tabors . They have been speaking to him about a meeting in DC next week but if we could do it here it would be fantastic . Let me know if you can get Tabors to stay over . Thanks Elizabeth
Christian I'll fax my comments to you re this in the nest 30 minutes . After you receive , call with any questions . Thanks
Will fax my comments to you within next 30 minutes . Callw ? s Thanks
Phone is busy so . ... . Will have agreement shortly . Please send fax numbers ( no electronic copy ) where you want it sent . Hope all is well .
I can go the 11th Happy Birthday BG
thanks
I rec'd notice and will be attending meeting as will David Portz with Enron . See you there .
per my voice mail
Hi Charlotte The week of the 16th looks good for me . How about Wed . the 18th at 6:00 pm ? If this doesn't work , I'm very flexible that week . Let me know . Thanks and I look forward to playing . Elizabeth ps I'm out the rest of this week so lets confirm early next week .
Hi Thanks for the feedback - you never know how things are rec'd when you standing for 90 minutes in front of a crowd of credit numbers guys , in a dark room with slides that are barely legible , taking about a contract that only a lawyer could love . . . OK tolerate . I'll send you the presentation by mail . Hopefully I didn't get too carried away . Looking forward to seeing you Friday .
Can you send him a hard copy ( He is w Constellation ) thanks Could you also please send a copy to Andy
The 17th at 630 works great for me . See you there .
sounds great - enjoy ps - Statement of Commitment sure looks interesting - what ever happened to indicative pricing and terms
Here is a draft of the PCA brief prepared by Dewey ( head law firm of group effort) . Sam Behrends at Laboeuf is reviewing (  we just got today so he has not done so yet) . Sorry I didn't call you earlier about this .
Janice Moore and I have been helping Mitch w a proposal to connect Caledonia to Southern . There is another project to expand the facility that we are not working on - I think maybe Sheila's group has that one . Call me or Janice with questions .
This request from Shari is fine with me . Could I also request a flat screen for my new office ? Thanks for your help . Let me know what else I need to do .
Tennis on the 17th at 630 sounds great . See you there .
fyi if you did not receive from shari
can you arrange this for after 200 or on friday thanks
Thanks for the update . So far , we are still trying to schedule meeting s w PCAs lawyers so there is no date certain by which I need the information . When we have one I'll let you know . Thanks again .
Hi John Thanks for the call . I'll be in Thursday all day after 10:00 ( dentist in the am - yuk) . Lets try to get together then on the agency stuff .
Per keegan's vm , here is the only thing we handed out . Let me know if you want to discuss .
Just in case Hope all is well
See you between 200 and 230
Janette Mark had asked me to call Williams and invite them to the ISDA Energy meeting in Houston last week . Tim at Williams very much wanted to participate . As you can see from his email , he must not be on the distribution list for ISDA . Can you see if it is OK to add him to the distribution list for future meetings . Also , I called Dynegy at Mark's request and they very much want to participate as well - Harlan Murphy called me afterwards to ask that he also get notice of the meetings because they fully support the idea of one Master for all trades . I will get Genia to forward Harlan's address info to you . Thanks for your help . Elizabeth 36349 PS Mark At the EEI meeting last week there was a fair bit of discussion about cross defaulting all commodity lines and using a single master for all trades . It seems that there is alot of interest in this idea .
Hi Tim Thanks for your message . We absolutely will forward to ISDA your message so that you can receive notices of the Energy Product meetings (  I thought you were already getting them) . Look forward to seeing you again soon . Elizabeth
I agree w Tracy - the Calpine master is legally sufficient for trades and our relationship w Calpine is sensitive . We do not need to push the EEI Master unless they want it in which case we are happy to oblige . Just FYI , depending on the trade we would likely like to add product definition ( eg West Firm , Into Product since products are not defined in master) . John When you are ready with the deal terms , just let me know and we can find the right person to help you document it given the nature of the product involved .
Hi Dede Just wondering if you would be able to hit next week ? How about Monday ( anytime anywhere ) or Wednesday ? Also , I see that Shari has sent out CAISO language which I have not yet reviewed . Maybe we can also schedule a real meeting on Monday to finalize . Let me know if that works for you . See ya .
Welcome back - hope your sojourn was not alarming ( NY is not that bad a place to happen upon independence),and the autumn leaves made you smile . Talk to you soon .
lets do Mon at lunch . call you to confirm .
Still on for 1200 today ? Court 3 . See ya there unless I hear from you .
$20 gift certificate to Oshmans ( I'll start Ella's career with only the finest racquet available) . I wonder what the A PLAYERS get .
Hi Stacey Outside counsel wants to schedule a meeting on the PCA calculations this Wed , the 25th . Will you be able to have the data retrieved by then ? Let me know asap . Thanks for your help . Elizabeth
I thought this was to go to Dina . Sorry
OK w me thanks
Hi Andy I was hoping when you get a chance , you could give me an update on where things were left at the recent meeting in DC and where we are going from here . Also , are you are anybody else thinking of going to Ontario as they try to work through creating a Master Power form .
please print also
Hi Charlotte Thanks for your message . I can't play Tues ( Halloween night with the kids - they would never forgive me) . How about Wed , Thurs , Friday , the weekend or a week from this Tues . Let me know what works for you .
Thanks for your help - the comments were great . The only one I didn't understand was to "D" . Please review my revised draft and let me know if you think this works . Thanks again .
sounds like fun
Looking forward to playing at 600 on Wed , court 12 .
good luck . please acquire food .
Hi Carol Was just wondering if you wanted to play tennis , maybe sometime next week ( I'm trying to get excited about something next week - work has been very busy and I need to fill in it with other things) . Let me know if you want to try and play . Hope all is well .
reservations for the 19th
Elizabeth Sager with Enron will be attending
any interest
any interest
Hi Carol How about Wed , the 8th ?
Hi Melanie On PCA , the dates proposed w Richard are generally fine with me , so . ... . On the Rockets , thanks very much . .... . my husband and I would love to go to the Hornets game ( 16th) . Thanks again for lunch and I will talk to you soon .
Hi Christian Is this thing for financial or physical trading Thanks Elizabeth
Mark - for your approval 1 . Trip for me to San Diego to attend WSPP meeting . 2 Trip for Shari to Portland in November while Christian is on Thanksgiving holiday . Thanks ps - I will schedule a meeting with you this week to discuss Shari/staffing in Portland office .
Meeting on 9th from 10 -12 has been scheduled . Thanks
please schedule for me .
Can you please forward this to all lawyers in the power trading group . Thanks
Mark As you are aware , I reviewed the proposed Canadian Power Master and have been speaking to Greg Johnston about various issues . The Canadian Master is based upon EEI but has been "retyped" making changes based upon variations in the way US power has evolved from that of the Canadian master gas contract ( the basis for a number of the differences from EEI ) ,  operational distinctions , differences in product and jurisdictional issues . EEI has called me and stated that they want to attend a meeting on November 9th in Ontario to advocate the use of the EEI form in Canada . Peter Keohane , I know , wants the form he and Greg prepared to be the model Canadian form for all the reasons he stated in his email to you . Do you think I should set up a meeting with you , Jeff Hodge , Peter K. , Greg J . and myself to discuss . At that time , we could also discuss the significant "policy differences" to make sure that everybody knows what is going on and that there are good reasons for the differences . Thanks Elizabeth
Janette I'm not sure what you are looking for but here is brief description for power trading ENA's Legal Power Trading group supports all of Enron's U.S.-based , wholesale trading legal requirements . Enron is the largest marketer of wholesale power in the U.S . This group currently has 6 lawyers ( one located in Portland) . Responsibilities include negotiating master trading agreements and structured power transactions , interfacing with industry trade groups to develop business practices and managing risks associated with the world's most volatile commodity . Let me know if this is sufficient
Great ! The Met has 3 hour free parking - use the "yellow entrance" to the Allen Center ( located on the far side of the parking garage , next to all the open air parking lots ) and follow the signs for Met parking ( off to the right) . Met is on the 6th floor . I can meet anytime around lunch - I'll go ahead and get court for 11:30 , but if you want to meet later , that would be fine - just let me know . Looking forward to playing .
THANKS
I also think this is a great idea - there would be a tremendous benefit if the EEI contract became the standard for on-line trading platforms . While Enron currently uses simplified GTCs for trading online with those counterparties with whom we do not have a Master Power Trading Contract ( if we do that agreement governs power trades) , we have talked about and likely will eventually make the EEI contract the "default" contract if there are no other arrangements in place . I would fully support and provide any assistance to pursue this idea with and through EEI .
5:30 would be fine - I've changed our court time . See you then .
please send thanks
I will be there .
please print
There are cheap tickets to DC ( 160 ) this weekend and I was wondering if I should go . My mom says she is just far too busy for me to come . She is alone and Bob is not coming back until next week . What do you think . Ugh
Jim - Sorry for the delay in getting back to you . While I'm still checking , I am not aware that there is a "formal process" for being a board member of a non-corporate entity like SPP . We would , however , want to look at the equivalent of SPPs Bylaws to make sure that members are not going to be liable for actions taken and to see if SPP has something like D&O insurance , protecting the members . We can talk to SPP and see what there is . Let me know if you want us to request/review documents . Thanks
Chris Was Ontario Power Generation the Canadian company you mentioned this morning that has alot of generation in Ontario and would likely be a major factor in determining the contract to be utilized in Canada ? Shari has had numerous conversations with a Greg Malcolm there and he has said that they are very interested in contracting with EPMI using EEI . He and Shari have a call scheduled for Nov 20th . Just curious .
Steve and Christian Could you please review and let me know what you think of this ? There is a call on Thurs at 200 ( Central ) to discuss . Do you want to participate ?
I'm available on the 8th
Tickets were still available so I'm going . Commitment .
Regrettably , Enron also can not participate today - Monday does not work for me either but in my absence Shari Stack could participate . Let me know and I will coordinate schedules with Shari .
I'm glad you cancelled . I agree that the changes are much broader than we intended . More importantly , I miss having not played tennis this week , and I'm going to DC this weekend , and likely out next week . A short interlude but that's all . On an EEI note , are you/Reliant going to the meeting in Ontario that is addressing contract issues in Ontario ( Andy is speaking about EEI) . Are you supporting the use of EEI in Canada . I think I have our Canadian office convinced to use it with dealers but they would want to "Canadianize" it , thereby creating an EEI Canadian . Any thoughts . PS I am going to WSPP meeting just for the day - Mike Small has mentioned playing tennis on Monday morning before the meeting . Still not going ?
Hey I just realized I have babysitting on Friday . Any chance you can play ?
how about anytime between 2 and 3 Houston time . If not , I could also do 1130 . Let me know
2 hours later my crown is on , my teeth are happy but for the #3 upper right molar , which the dentist says , unbeknown to me , is abscessed . I now need a root canal . Soon . That will make 562,003 to 1 . Happy playing
please sign me up
please print
please put on my calender
love to - let me know what time on Tuesday works
as always you crack me up . thanks for the help this am .
Just FYI - I'm going home . No tennis tonight for me .
Hi Do you want to try and hit on Wed , either at lunch or after work
See you at 1130 unless I hear otherwise . Thanks for getting it set up .
looks great . thanks for your help .
is the tournament on Sat or Sun or both ? round robin ? thanks looking forward to hitting tomorrow
lets discuss this later thanks
Peter , just a follow-up to your email . 1 . I would agree that OPG is mistaken . After the meeting , Chris and I and others started the process of explaining to Joel Sheinfied , a contract administrator , why deliveries in a pool situation were not just financial settlements but involved a physical commitment to deliver or cause to be delivered power . On this issue I think it would be helpful to present OPG w/ a product definition that works with the physical master . I know Chris is already working on this . From what it sounds like , the Ontario pool is not that different from NEPOOL . In UI , Chris worked on a product definition that you could incorporate into the physical master . 2 . I also agree that in pools , a fm will only exist when the pool fails and there are no deliveries capable of being made ( not a single MW flowing) . This is what we did in UI . This is what we do in the California pool . This is what we attempt to do in NEPOOL . I think the EEI fm gets you to the same place ( nobody could call fm if the pool were making deliveries ) but agree that the language could be more direct . With the California product ( CAISO energy ) we expressly modify the EEI fm since there are so many other things we also have to fix . We likely in the future will also modify fm for the NEPOOL product but we are still trying to introduce so many other products in the US that this is a change for the near future . In general , fm is unique to the product and I believe will change with each product . When Chris and I were talking to OPG we told them that the fm we would be proposing for the Ontario product would be just as you stated: Fm is only possible if the pool fails . Just FYI , the god awful "Into"product in the US was created by Enron for the very reason you stated: we wanted to eliminate fm risk in a non-pool market - we did this by obligating the seller to continuously be required to change delivery points ( and not be allowed to call a fm ) within the defined control area if for any reason the prescheduled delivery point was unavailable .
Harrison called this am at home . He said that you'all had discussed plans for Sat . Because it's his B-day he wants to go out - He seemed to suggest that you were on board , so I said OK too . Hope that's OK . There may be a basketball game and dinner in the offing . Talk to you soon .
done
I think I could 3:30 ( deal may be closing , but unlikely - if it did I might have to cancel - I would know by lunch) . If you want , we could maybe try hitting at the HCC ( the Houstonian courts are booked , otherwise we could try there ) - now that I45 is closed , traffic around the MET during rush hour is terrible and I wouldn't want you to get stuck . If this doesn't work , just let me know and we can find another time .
see you there at 4:00 unless I call you
yuk . so sorry to have to cancel that deal is making like it wants to close and the traders scheduled a 430 call to wrap it up don't they know we have better things to do here is to getting back on track after thanksgiving sorry again
per my vm
see you there on court 10 ps I may have to come back to work for a 615 call
no problem
Hi Mike I am definitely coming out for meeting on Monday - if you want to hit/play before meeting let me know and I'll bring my stuff . See you there .
sounds great .  see ya there .
Hi Carol I don't know of any available nannies but will keep my ears open . I used a service , Nanny Professionals , and was very pleased with the quality of candidates they sent over ( our nanny has been w us for over 5 years) . Good luck on your search . ps - Thanks for playing last week . I look forward to playing again after Thanksgiving .
I would think so but not sure - it sounds like DP is in US
Thanks for the documents . If OK w you , I will look at during my flight on Sunday and will call you on Monday am if I have any comments . If this isn't OK , please leave me a voice mail and I will try to review earlier . Thanks Elizabeth PS - Chris , I agree with your comment re the EEI copyright and references - I'm not sure what the right answer is - do you want to continue calling it an""EEI Canada" ? Is that OK with EEI ? Do you think we should rename it in the name of the organization that "approves" it ? Is that OK w EEI ? Maybe you should discuss at meeting and then we can discuss with Andy from EEI to
Jeff I enjoyed speaking with you on the flight back to Houston . As promised , here is the information about the Ontario meeting regarding the creation of a Physical Power Master for Canada . Don't hesitate to call if you have any thoughts or comments . Talk to you soon Elizabeth Sager
Attached is draft escrow language for Black Hills that I made up in an attempt to be sympathetic to Black Hills's desire for certainty on the release of funds - please review and call Shari with comments first thing on Wed . I will be travelling Wed but will check messages on Wed afternoon . Good luck
At the last EEI meeting there was a strong interest in beefing up the collateral provisions of the EEI ( what a great idea) . Bill McCoy at Morgan Stanley was asked to prepare the first draft , a copy of which I am forwarding to you for your review . Please review and let either Shari or I know if you have any comments or thoughts - while EEI's message does not indicate when comments are due (  I have a call into EEI but have not yet heard back) , I have asked Shari to help coordinate all comments so we can get back in touch with EEI within the next week or so . Thanks for your input .
Hi We are so bad - we suddenly woke up and realized that Friday is December 1st . That means Saturday is the 2nd - Sam's birthday . SO I'm writing invitations now . Here it is: Can Eleanor and Alice join us on Saturday for a train party at the zoo ? Around 10:00 ? We would love to have you all come too , or not , if you prefer to . ... . shop . PS Hope your holidays were , well , a holiday .
Thanks for your message Mike Small is definitely a better tennis player than WSPP facilitator . Coaching seems to be his real passion . I'm sorry I can't play Saturday am - it is Sam's 3rd birthday and we are scrambling to find a birthday concept . On a better note , I can play all this week . Any day , any time works for me - let me know when you can . Talk to you soon .
Welcome back - I will call you later this afternoon . Do you think you or Steve could look at this stuff relating to something in the WSCC
Let's try for thurs at 1130 - call me if you need to change time/date .
Sorry for the delay but here it is - A good landscape architect in the Heights is Pam August ( husband name Todd ) who lives on Cortdlandt ( sorry no number ) between 7th and 8th .
HI Just got this message - email at home couldn't open attachment . Go ahead a send rest when you can , no problem . Hey , will you send me your new address . thanks
I think the wedding is on for the 23rd . My mom wants us to stay at a hotel while in DC . I think Bob would likely want us to stay in DC for Christmas Day since Chi will be on honeymoon , but I am not real sure on this . Bob is out in OK over New Year's and I will need to go back up the following weekend to stay with Mom while Bob is out . What do you think . PS My mom is chain smoking - she bought a cartoon of cigarettes with Chi . Chi thinks we should just let her make her own choices . What do you think .
Attorney Work Product/Not Discoverable Top Legal Risks 1 . Power Forms - Trading contracts in the power industry are very weak . Typical problems include , trading under multiple masters , no liquidated damages for non-delivery , no events of default or calculation of termination damages , broad performance outs . 2 . Agency - Several of our major trading partners operate through an agent acting on behalf of several operating companies . This creates uncertainty as to which entity is liable for which trades . 3 . Municipalities - Difficult authorization issues associated municipalities . 4.Complexity of transactions - Power transactions can be very complex as a result , in part , of difficult delivery mechanics and volatile pricing . 5.Timing of transactions - Power transactions typically must be completed on a very tight time schedule . 6 . Lawyer Training - Difficult , time consuming process to train lawyers on how to document transactions involving power . 7.Process for approval of transactions - Uncertain procedures for making sure everybody understands risks associated with transactions . Documentation Projects 1 . EEI - cont'd work to make EEI the trading contract for power/lessen reliance on WSPP . 2 . One-off Power Form - creation of contract to be used for individual transactions that are not part of a master . 3 . Product Definition - cont'd work on creating/building acceptance for power product definitions . 4 . Platform Trading - Encourage use of EEI as trading platform for all 5 . Single master contract for all physical commodities/financial trading - work with ISDA to develop single contract for physical trading and then roll that into single contract for physical and financial trading
Mark ,  I assume that I should continue work on this . If its OK with you , I would like to schedule time with you and Mark T to think through how we should approach the creation/adoption of a single contract for physical/financial(maybe ) trading . Thanks Elizabeth
I think it looks great - my only thought really is on the middle section relating to cleaning laying out the elements of negligence and a statement of the standard to be applied - I quickly revised your section to give you an idea of what I was thinking . In any event I think you are absolutely on the right track . Good luck and let me know what else I can do .
Chi is now confused . She want to do the wedding but is feeling overwhelmed by all the issues: Mom Her sickness John Short notice for all involved creating tension She and Douglas feeling stressed as a result of above Mom She seeks advice from a sage Midwesterner . What do you think - Delay or hasten onward
Sorry I didn't get too far but What I read I think is looking great - good luck
Hi John Today has disappeared so I don't think we will be able to squeeze in a meeting . The Black Hills deal is still stuck in credit land so I will call the Denver office if need be . Thanks again and I look forward to speaking with you soon .
Hi Charlotte I'd love to play but I can't this week . Yuck . Let's try next week . PS Doubles was fun - I haven't played much doubles and it really is a different rhythm . Maybe we could play doubles sometime soon too See you soon
Pre ranking for lawyers in Power Trading Group Superior - Leslie Hansen Excellent - Strong - Christian Yoder Shari Stack Janice Moore Janet Moore David Portz Satisfactory - Needs Improvement - Issues -
Interesting Article
FYI
FYI
Hi Lisa I've been trying to call but to no avail - could you please try to reach me thanks
Hi Phil Just want to make arrangements for Sam's party Sat , at the zoo , at 1000 with the Foelbers ( no parent) , Millers(no parent ) and you'all - You are invited with the girls and could meet us at the zoo or , if you want a more leisurely morning , we could pick up Eleanor and/or Alice and bring them home . If we were to pick them up , we would swing around about 945 . Let me know what you would like . thanks
I'm going to DC at 400 on sat . Julie can stay till 600 -I have a court at 430 but if you can get there earlier that would be great . See ya
Doing much , much better , thanks . See ya at zoo's front gates around 1000 ( glad you're coming )
Kaye Please forward the attachment Thanks
I'll get on it Mon . Have a great weekend .
Please forward to person who is looking at Midam Thanks
Janice Here is another Tolling that Stuart did and reviewed when we were thinking of taking back a PPA ( in this case we were supplying gas and taking electricity , so your deal does not have the same perspective ) when we sold the plants - this deal never happened and was very convoluted because of lease accounting issues . Anyway it may be helpful on your toll .
Attached is TVA language , to which I made a few changes . Concept is fine , but before we start using and drop in confirm I will need to see the rest of a draft confirm that we use with TVA .
Any way you think Andrew might like power trading ? His resume looks strong .
Thanks for resending message . I look forward to playing later in December
Yeah - go ahead and see if he wants a challenging position in a rewarding place . Thanks
absolutely . see you on sat around 530 . ps - wildfires not just there - I've heard as well over here . Congratulations
I'm not sure about Sat - Grant has been trying to get a sitter - he called Lynne and Cecilia . Are you going ?
Hi Thanks for the good news - It pleases me to know end to be creating EEI babies throughout the world - bandwidth is also using it . Hooray Brenda should have sent a presentation I did that summarizes EEI - Hope its helpful;avoid the DISASTER - it only applies in the US . Also , Andy's article may be helpful . Have a great weekend .
Elizabeth Sager and Grant Cox 822 Columbia Houston Texas 77007
yes
Mark Attached is a draft of the chart of power risks . Let me know if there is anything else you would like me to do on this . We are still in the process of reviewing top exposures with credit . Elizabeth 36349
Hi Charlotte Hope you had a good trip last week . Work has been horrendous - power and gas prices are decimating my free time - hope EES commercial is not suffering the same onslaught . When would be a good time to play ( Dan keeps reminding me to finish up the tournament ) This week looks bad , but I maybe could play this weekend ( less preferable ) or Monday , Tuesday ( need to get baby-sitting but likely doable ) or Wed next week . Let me know what works for you . See ya
sounds great but let me check w Grant and I will call you tomorrow
Dinner on Sat would be great . Lovely xmas card .
So far , Ella has been pretty immune to Barbie ( Sam on the other hand is fascinated - his doctor chastised him for staring in the Dr office ) - she wants an angel puppet , a doll and a car for xmas . If she asked I would likely give her some barbiesque items for the reasons you stated ( she's going to get them from somebody someday) .
FYI - I wanted you to know that , despite all appearances , we are working on finalizing Shari's move to Portland . Shari is looking for a "relocation" package . HR has been tied up in PRC and is now searching for a package that works . HR has promised me a response today and then I can discuss w Mark H and then present to Shari . End of Feb is still the target date . Hope all well ( despite the press) . Elizabeth
Hi Shari I need help as well from JS on those two issues . On the LDC supply we need to understand the relationship between SD Warren , the LDC and NEPOOL - f/m and supply obligation will be impacted but I don't know how until we discuss . Also need to understand the possible penalties from taking from LDC . CMS assignment of load I also need to understand - I think it relates to getting the necessary NEPOOL credit but ? .  . I put a call into JS
Thanks for your message - sorry to hear your schedule (  I thought mine was bad) . No problem from my side not playing until 2001 - let's talk that first week and arrange a time . Hope you have a great holiday in NY .
enjoy the snow
With pleasure . 822 Columbia Houston Texas 77007
Hi I'm thrilled you are also speaking at ISDA.Thanks Any chance you can hit on Wed ? If not we may have to resume our REGULAR WEEKLY SCHEDULE after the holidays . Let me know .
Thanks for dinner on Sat - As always , Grant and I really enjoyed getting together with you guys . Lets pretend its my birthday in January and go again . See ya
Hi I would love to but don't think I will be able to - we leave for DC on Friday morning . How about the following week ?
Still waiting on numbers , but wanted to see if this explanation would work , Give me a call when you get a chance . Elizabeth
Mark Attached are my comments to your Hypotheticals . Call with any questions Thanks Elizabeth
Attached is a chart showing how I thought the PGE assignment could work . Let me know what else we can do . Thanks
I think attachment is missing since I didn't get confirm . Check w genia re paper - I think we have something but is skimpy
You are correct on the facts PGET pays a higher price to Morgan than EES pays to PGET - hence the payment to EES
thanks we will likely need to simple corporate help as well to work on assignments/termination - if possible maybe you could get somebody to assist to also be on call.c
As promised . THANKS
per my vm
David Could you work with Joe Wagner on this . thanks
Attached are drafts of documents that we prepared and LLGM fixed .
This chart shows Morgan as CP - we are also doing similar deal with Avista . We are trying to sign Avista tomorrow .
Primary Document with Avista
Hi David FYI - Janice is out until the 22nd of Jan . so when you are finished with comments , please send them to me as well . As soon as we have the "live" deal give me a call and we will see who has availability to assist you . Thanks Elizabeth 36349
please call after reading
All done ?
Hooray
hooray
Credit contact person is William Bradford at 713 853 3831 or you can call me
thanks
John I think the letter looks good . I made a few changes which I am enclosing . thanks
Preliminary draft not yet reviewed by EES - let me know if you have comments PS - Powerx deal is not one of the assigned transactions . thanks
Please deliver to Peter ASAP thanks
I think it would be better in a side letter so as not reinvovle Avista at this point and raise any new issues - is that ok
CY please work through w Tim thanks
Thanks again for all your help
Hi I am here . We are closing tonight . Call when you can.Thanks
Here are the revised documents that we will need EEMC to sign . Please coordinate signatures w Travis . Thanks Elizabeth
FYI - Here are copies of the final documents for the PGET/Avista transaction that are being sent out for signature tonight . Thanks for everybody's help in getting this done . I will be out tomorrow but can be reached at home 713 853 6349 or on my cell phone 713 854 5747 and will be checking messages . Travis and Tracy will assist in gathering all the fax signatures and refaxing to all parties . Remember - EPMI is required to wire the payment to PGET ( $115,714.50 ) and WE NEED TO GET WIRE INFORMATION FROM PGET . Also PGET must release cash collateral to Avista - we should follow up to make sure this happens . Thanks again .
Hi Angela Sorry I did not get back in touch w you earlier - my mom passed away over the holidays and I have been out of the office and don't know exactly when I will be back ( definitely out the week of 15th) . I look forward to playing and will call you when I get back to play .
Bill told us last night the true up payments run to PGET
documents prepared by Shari w LLG help , sent to Avista ( i just found that out )
Any idea where EES is on this this am - I'm meeting w Mark H now to discuss .
please print
fyi - we have right to terminate EEMC power positions assumed by EPMI and have been letting them know that we might exercise this termination right if they don't help us on the collateral issues .
Confidential - Attorney Work Product/Not Discoverable A . PGE I . Termination Rights Based on the Failure to Post Collateral It is possible that we could terminate the following contracts based on PGE's or one of its subsidiaries's failure to post collateral as required by the underlying contracts": 3 . PGE Canada/Enron Canada - Physical gas - Enron exposure $15 million 4.PGE Canada/ENA - Physical gas - Enron exposure $1 million II . Termination Rights Based on PG&E's Failure to Pay Indebtedness It is possible that we could terminate the following contracts based on PG&E's or one of its subsidiaries's default on indebtedness in excess of a threshold ( either $100 million or $50 million): 2 . PG&E/EPMI Physical Power -Enron exposure ( $90 million ) 5.PGET Power/EPMI - Physical power - Enron exposure ( out of the money , currently used to net other EEMC power master which is net in the money $215 million - see contract 2 above ) 6.PGE Canada/Enron Canada - Physical gas - Enron exposure $15 million 7 . PGE Canada/ENA -Physical Gas- Enron exposure $1 million Most of the above agreements are supported by a guaranty from PG&E's parent ( PG&E Corporation ) in the amount of $475,000,000 . We have not yet made demand on the parent but could do so after PGE or its other unregulated subsidiaries failed to pay amounts due . Exposures are approximate as of 1/19/01 . Before terminating , we would need to verify actual contract language . B . SCE Default SCE is in default of a contract between SCE and EPMI relating to a power sales position which is out of the money to EPMI approximately ( $35 million ) based upon SCE's failure to make payments on debt in excess of $100 million . Under contract we could suspend deliveries ( limited period ) and then terminate and accelerate amounts due . Amounts payable could offset amounts owed by SCE to EPMI or its Affiliates including Enron Wind or Portland General .
Sounds like a great idea - I'll talk to Grant and let you know . Meanwhile can you hit this week ? Let me know .
please distribute to whoever you think would be interested .
Hi Andy I would be happy to participate in whatever session/role in either or both Atlanta and/or Newport that you think would be helpful/appropriate - just let me know . Thanks - Hope all is well .
I'd love to - Nothing bigger than setoff now .
Thanks for the words of encouragement
I approve this request but I am unable to access website . Please advice what I should do .
Absolutely - lets get Marcus involved . With all the activity in NEPOOL and Leslie being out , I was thinking that Marcus should be the other NEPOOL expert .
goes with other email . thanks
Last Man Standing ?
Elizabeth Sager
please print
please print
Just to be sure we are working with the "latest form" of Enron guaranty , could you get from Tana the most current swap one and the check it agaianst the one we use for EEI - I would think they should be the same; if not , lets discuss . Thanks
oops - i can't today but another day yes . i'll call you later .
I will
Still working on it - I'll let you know final results soon
final settlement date is 2/16 i hope not 1/16 - thanks
Thanks - hope to see you soon
thanks and congrats too thanks for the words of encouragement
Hi Paul - I am alive but barely . California is dark and so and I . Hope to talk to you soon .
have a good weekend
sure - could be interesting
Brent - I didn't work on the deal but I think it was a deal we did with a Florida company , maybe Florida Power likely in 96 . Melissa Murphy or Kim Theriot may be able to help locate . Let me know if I can do anythin else .
how about thursday lunch ?
Harlan - Dede is out this week - how about I take everybody out for lunch on Tuesday and we can figure out what to do for speech . In the meanwhile , I'm going to give ISDA the charts we used at last ISDA meeting for distribution and Dede is going to get copies of various US agreements to ISDA . Let me know of Tuesday works or if not other open day . Thanks
please print and put in binder with labels thanks
Hi John Thanks for the offer but despite what you say , your legal prowess is still far more important to me - I would likely have ceased working long ago w/out LLGM . I rode up on the elevator with Jeff Skilling and he asked me if I still liked my job . I first asked if I had a choice and then confessed it could be better . I don't think I won many points with him , particularly when I asked him if he liked his job . Oh well , any connections there ? I'm sending out documents tonight on the utility exposure by confirm to you and Jim . I can talk to you and Jim about that as well as offset with the commandeered positions anytime on Wed morning . Let me know what time works for you .
Richard just told me that we settled PCA . That's great news but I will miss the opportunity to work with you . Thanks for all your help on this matter and I hope we get to work together again on some other matter in the near future .
I don't know much but I think Dan Lyons is well versed on this . Also maybe Dale R in Portland . Hope all is well .
I'm open all day
please send my bio
badge no 11592
How about meeting for lunch on Tues at Ruggles ( on Main ) at noon ?
how about 400
I do have a conflict so 400 would be better
after would work great for me
Hi John You must have told CA to take a rest while you were in Florida - all was quiet and now my office is now clean ( I didn't know what to do with my time so....) . Now that you are back , I'm wondering if my peace and quiet will be shattered . Meanwhile , I hope you and your family had a wonderful break . And back to work , we are meeting on Tues morning at 900 Houston time to discuss block forward trades - do you think you can participate ? If not , no big deal . Talk to you soon .
sounds great meet you on Smith at 1145 ?
EPMI/Comed capacity deal was never filed ( EPMI has no current requirement to file) . The owner of the facility never filed anything on the assumption that there was an oral , short term arrangement . FERC requires approval for assignments in excess of $50,000 . Does this help ?
chart distributed to isda
Hi Andy I will speak on any panel , but my preference would be the 1st panel and I would speak on the CA experience and how EEI helps . Also , I'd be happy to do products on day 2 . Hope all is well and look forward to seeing you soon . PS Thanks so much for the plant - it is resting comfortably in my office and reminds me of all the times at EEI meetings and the wonderful friends I have met during this process .
Harlan cancelled lunch - How about playing tennis earlier and skipping lunch
power marketers are not required to file
Hi Chris - Hope all is well . Are you and Tracy coming to Texas . . . for the conference ?
Andy I would be happy to do product/Into discussion as well . I'll talk to Tracy but don't think she can make it from Portland to speak . If you need a speaker for the credit support annex I could help or maybe another Houston based credit person ( I'll check to see if we have any any one available ) I'll be out of the office on the 7th ( I'm speaking at ISDA as well as eye surgery in am so. . but I'm sure David Portz could show you the Enron building . His number is 713 853 9239 . Thanks Elizabeth 36349
yep -hooray !
I think it would be a good idea to distribute a sample MNA - maybe you could forward it to Liz Sullivan and see if she can get it in the "package" . I'm not sure about overheads something would likely be nice but I'm not sure what yet . Lets talk on Monday Thanks
Hi guys In fear of the future I decided today to go ahead and prepare an outline of things we could talk about on Tues . An unproofed draft of the brief presentation will be sent to you by my assistant . Please feel free to mark up , delete or supplement . On Mon when we talk and divy up parts ,  each person can then finish out the presentation as they want it . .  Dede I'll call you on Monday at 930 and then we can conference Harlan in . Thanks for everybody's help and have a great weekend .
Hi Liz We started working on presentation so still don't know everything yet . We will likely need either overhead or slide projector . WIll let you know Mon . Thanks
I sadly will not make dinner on Wed . Brenda Whitehead should have sent updated bio but by copy of this I will ask her to resend . Thanks
Purchase of flat screen approved . I will notify Janette . E Sager
Newport Beach April 18-19 ?
Approve . I will notify Janette
2 side letters have been signed by Mark and should be on their way to you from Travis ( I was out Mon so Travis forwarded) . Call me or Travis if you or Mike don't get them . On new letter I will try to get draft out this week or early next .
Andy I forgot I wont be the am - my nanny is out . Can we talk by phone . Sorry for the inconvenience .
at home 713 864 4023 . sorry again
Absolutely
thurs the 5th would be best
yes up on wed back on fri morn going w Richard Sanders may want to coordinate . I like the Govenor Hotel .
sure
thinking about what/who but nothing has hit me yet . i'll keep thinking
don't know him but may be interested
generally available all day
Here is PGET risk reducing deal that Mark talked to you about . Please coordinate with Lisa when you get a chance on Tues . I ill help on the power master w Cinergy to make sure it is suitable for the underlying trades . Thanks so much for your help .
Andy Sorry I missed you on Friday . My panels are fine the only problem is that I'm on the 12:10 flight back to Houston on Friday ( So is Dede I think ) Is there any way we can make second talk on Friday earlier or else Dede and I can speak first and then step off panel ?
CY I'm not sure - I kind of think we need to keep going to some of these meetings , if nothing else to educate the industry and to listen to the western crowd . With limited resources we will need to figure out which ones but . . . Talk to you later ES
Can we talk about this in am ( tues) ? Do we have a template ? thanks
Shari Would you please send to Dede and Andy Enron's EEl language re 1 . Incorporation of prior trades 2 . Market Disruption Language 3 . Cover Sheet Set Off Language ( set off if $ owed to DP ) ,  including paragraph re no payments until legal opinion Thanks
fyi - form used by Shari
fine
Thanks !
Thanks again
Sounds great; I like vanilla but will you still give advice , for the correct change ? Talk to you soon .
please print
GREAT NEWS
My goldfish died this weekend - He was with us for over 6 months . A trusted companion for me in the early morning as he sang sweet "O's" , he looking for food and me looking for peace of mind early in the morning before the days' voices began . Another day today looks like another week which is how this whole past month feels . Hopefully this to will pass . Looking forward to talking to you soon and seeing you in early April . ps - Great work on WAPA; I get the distinct sense that no matter what , CDWR will close . I hear Skilling told Portland that he loves trading and promises resources . Oh my .
Anything I can do ?
I have a dr appoint at 1215 for which I likely wont be back in office until 130 . Can we have it at 130
500 houston is fine
please confirm that we have not paid any of this bill
David Portz will handle - QSE in ERCOT is nearly done
please rsvp yes for me
great
I haven't stopped crying since I got your email .  . Of course I've been crying everyday , several hours a day for months now , so it is hard to tell whose to blame . .. . You are welcome as always to come by anytime to watch the tears ( maybe you will happen upon another fine hour like when I accidentally killed our goldfish on Sunday ) or to pick up the ladder .
Peter Just wanted to let you know that all the great work in Blue Range is paying off in the US - citing Blue Range , a Houston bankruptcy court correctly decided that a gas contract was a forward contract relative to the US safe harbor provisions . If you want a copy of the opinion let me know . Hope all is well .
Ship it up.If you want it we could look up blue book value and then figure out an appropriate valuation . If you don't want it , you are Chi could sell it in DC or you could use it for a trade in . If shipping is expensive and you want to fly down and drive up , I will pay for flight .
Wes Here is current draft of CDWR agreement . Negotiations are still underway . The underlying contract is the EEI Master - let me know if you need that standard form . Call w/ any questions/comments Elizabeth
thanks very much - here is outline
can you help Martin w this thanks
130 central , great for me
have a great time
prererably after 200 central time
HI - I have given Marcus Nettelton the PPL file - my understanding is that we are near completion . Let me know if there is anything I can do ( I've met Eric a couple of times at EEI meetings so . .... ) thanks
Mark Here is a revised draft of the CDWR risk memo . Events change everyday . This morning's paper reports that a rate increase of 40% may be imposed by the CDWR as early as today and the new bond issue amount is purported to be 16 billion ( rather than the 10 initially discussed )
I love it when you call me honey pie - seeyoutonight
Mark As we discussed , here is a copy of the draft memo . Thanks Elizabeth
approved
Do these numbers include both EES and EEMC with respect to both PGE and SCE . If not I need them all combined . Thanks for your help . Elizabeth
ok to use chart thanks
Here is latest draft of risk memo ( STILL IN DRAFT FORM) . I faxed comments to you on dash . Do you have any current info on deal status ? Thanks Elizabeth
Just lying in wait for your call - in the meanwhile , here is draft .
Here is draft w minor edits . Call with any questions . Thanks Elizabeth
Mark Here is a draft of the memo I prepared to explain the Negative CTC assignment issue . Please review and let me know if this appropriate and I have included the correct individuals on the distribution list . Thanks for you help . Elizabeth
Last draft of documents reviewed by Pirog . Pirog's mark up to follow by fax .
Hi How about lunch on Tuesday next week ?
Great - lunch is a definite and let's check schedules and weather on Mon to determine bikes (  I go to Portland on Wed so things may be busy) .
LOVE HONEY PIE
THANKS
Work really hard . Deal dies , in silence after final commercial offer made ( more money for summer please) . Hope you had a great time away from the casino .
I like the format of the 1st one . Are we going to also post in Portland ?
ok by me - just talk to Chi . On the $ side you may also want to check the blue book value . hope all is ok
Approved up to $400 - if it is more would you please let me know Janette Thanks Elizabeth
great - this week is bad because I go to Portland for week until Friday . How about next week ?
I'm going to Portland this week and will let you know how that goes and whether we should post . Thanks
We did settle w PCA - I will get $ from Richard and let you know . I'm still thinking about waiver letters; my instinct is not necessary but . . . I'll call later .
Molly Thanks for the resumes - I'm out the rest of this week but will get back to you next week .
Modified slightly ( sorry no blackline) . Call w questions .
I can make it . Thanks .
Thanks Andy - I look at it tonight . Look forward to seeing you in CA .
Ella has a birthday party at 200 so I don't think we can do the Houstonian Hunt . Do you want to go to CHOo choo park that Sat am ?
I"M SORRY - IHAVE TO CANCEL LUNCH TOMORROW . CAN WE DO IT NEXT TUES
MY MEMO
starts at 900 - see you there a little early ?
Please forward the documents we discussed to Marc .
Sorry for the delay . My assistant Brenda Whitehead will be sending to you shortly .
Thanks
Please send copies of PG&E report to sagercox@earthlink.net , jlhuemoe@llgm.com and jklauberg@llgm.com . THANKS
CONFIDENTIAL ATTORNEY CLIENT PRIVILEGE
log sheet and written verification letter to come later - give copy of script to Mike or whoever else will be securing quotes
cy Please review and if OK with you , print and prepare for signature by Tim ( we need to send 2 letter per EEI contract) . Do not send - we will be determining timing later this afternoon thanks
FINAL
please put on calendar
Unbelievable error - best laugh all day . Thanks
great - here is brochure . I will try to get list of attendees so we can see who is going; usually in east , crowd is primarially legal and credit; WSPP meetings in west however generally have more commercial . . . so I don't know if Stuart would benefit or not but I would love for him to come if he wants . Talk to you soon .
I can meet at 900 on Thurs . I will be out of office from 1030 until 300 and then back thanks "Laura Gibson" Please respond to lgibson
monday around 10 also works for me
I'll send you the attendees list when I get it from EEI - meetings in the West frequently do have many "commercial" folks as well as lawyers and credit managers . It is a great way for the lawyers to network .
for you , anything - I accept
Hi Dede 20/20 ? pretty amazing isn't ?  Can you play tennis on Friday ? Talk to you soon
help ?
Hi Sami Can we get together next week to discuss ? How about Mon at 1030 ?
Thanks for your message . Hope all is well . I don't think I'll be able to have dinner on Thurs ( Grant is coming ) but thanks for the invite . Looking forward to seeing you in Newport .
no survey present when I open site - please advice
Ok to incorporate language referring to ERCOT/West product that we trade under EEI ( West firm should already be handled and ERCOT confirms talk about product but without definition) . OK maybe to modify transmission contingent but need to clarify why with Harlan and then advice/discuss w traders . We do not commonly use those definitions
Mark I am not aware of any contracts similar to those described by Sharon .
Only 53 signed up so far but here it is - frequently more arrive at last minute . Steve Marcus Nettelton is doing EOL while Leslie is on maternity leave . Have a great weekend
fine with me
After looking at this I realize it may not be as helpful as I thought - certainly would need to add more analysis on the delivery obligations like FM and other rights to interrupt . Call if you have any questions ( 713 853 6349) . ps if you get a chance I would love to see the form PGE used in addition to the WSPP - I think you said it was PGE 11 . Thanks Have a great weekend .
I'm sorry I thought you might still be here . I'm travelling the rest of this week so how about April 24th or 25th next week ?
Lets do it when you are in Houston on Monday
Hi Mike Dede and my husband and I are all bringing our racquets hoping to get in some tennis on either or both Wed and Thurs ? Can you join us ? Let me know .
great
One hundred and forty two hours ago , I wandered into the Houston Casino , not really sure why other than a free floating anxiety that could only be appeased by attending to the ministerial tasks in life that so frequently make us forget how good life is . So after a rousing game of tennis on Friday morning while my children were frolicking with Dede's 3 children at the Houston Country Club , I tackled my desk and made head way to no where . After trashing 457 emails , I opened the the 458th . And then it came to me . An epic . A history . A sense of time , commitment and value . A place where my roots are ( as you all know , my mom and dad are buried in a family graveyard 200 feet from the only barn not burned in the Shenandoah valley during the Civil War and which was used a Yankee hospital) . And of course there is the hope of sustaining energy to cope with this lackluster , stressful career in the Casino . And the Gods must have seen this coming too . Being meager and always wanting to commit small , I sought only volume 1 of the opus . Not to be found . Plenty of volume 2s and 3s but not a volume 1 to be found . Other than in the sole , 3 volume set , neatly packages in the box , high up on a lonely shelf . I knew I was on the right track when the person behind me tried to grab it out of my hands . I fought and won . I'm now on page 32 having met Jefferson Davis and Dear Abe . At this rate I'll be finished in about 4 years , a true history of the war . May Shelby be with us all providing sustaining . ..... . es
Can you get EEI and cover sheet and riders to Carol thanks es
I'm out this week giving a seminar - the head of the rival power form WSPP and me Miss EEI are giving presentations on why our documents are the best . Before that though we have tennis scheduled ( he'll kill me but I do have the better form ) so it looks like we will have to push it till the week of the 23rd Any day that week is good . Way to go again on your sweet victory this weekend .
Thanks for yesterday - It's a wonderful tradition that I look forward to every year . Also , I spoke w Pam and does Tues at 700 work for you ? Thanks again
Thanks for the book and bikes - Ella is in love with the bike with the basket . How about lunch next week ?
absolutely - see you at your house as darkness falls
I'm thrilled - see you in Newport ( when do you get in? ) how about Wed , April 25th
Thanks for the explanation . Can you also get the actual interest rate used for each group on terminated transactions ( eg the financial trades , the power trades , the US gas trades and the Canadian gas trades) . Thanks
Bill I spoke with Richard and we will have to renew . He is currently trying to get the PX bankruptcy court to allow us to take back our security in light of the FERC ruling re chargebacks , but due to uncertainty of the FERC ruling , court has not been willing to allow us to remove . Richard continues on the case . In the meanwhile , the PX/bankruptcy court will not allow the LC's to expire without drawing down . So we should go ahead and renew .
Attached is a draft letter setting forth Enron's damages in connection with the termination of certain commodity forward and swap positions with PG&E . In lieu of sending out multiple letters and then aggregating the exposures for set off purposes , I thought it would be more understandable if we put all the matters in one letter . For each product line , I thought we could attach all the relevant information ( I'm not sure if this is making it too easy for the court but it seems like the right thing to do) . Each commodity line then would assemble the following and attach as an Appendix to the letter: 1 . Copy of Master Contract or applicable GTC 2 . Copy of transaction confirmations 3 . Copy of termination notice sent to PG&E 4 . Chart summarizing key commercial terms of transaction(s ) 5 . Chart summarizing unpaid receivables and invoices for same 6 . Chart setting forth termination payment calculation for each terminated trade 7 . Paragraph describing methodology used to determine termination payment valuation ( eg - 4 quotes secured , threw out high and low and averaged middle ) 8 List showing quotes secured ( entity , person , time and amount ) and the extent available , written confirmation of such quote I will be out of the office the rest of this week but will organize a call for early next week in order to finalize the PG&E package . Thanks for all your help . Elizabeth Sager
THANKS
Go ahead and sign it - I did . The law in Va . is that once appointed you can not revoke ( I spoke w counsel on this) . Mom's probate estate is very small . thanks
Hi Any chance you could hit Thursday or Friday ? By then I'll also have the scoop on Newcombe's clinic . Talk to you soon .
great - how about Thursday lunch
Still on ? Hope so - let me know where you would like to go ( I can meet at 1230 or thereafter )
See you at Redwood Grill at 1230 ( I've never been there! )
CONFIDENTIAL/NOT DISCOVERABLE Attached is letter that went to PG&E yesterday - It will not likely get disclosed unless PG&E elects to go public with it . We are continuing to have discussions with PG&E about this letter and are planning to meet next week . Call with any questions .
ISDA language . Thanks for your help .
I have never heard of Jeff .
Thanks for everybody's help on this - while we are at it we may as well puttogether 5 additional sets so we can distribute to those on whom the powershines . To: David Portz/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Carol St Clair/HOU/ECT@ECT , Elizabeth Sager/HOU/ECT@ECT , Marcus Subject: Re: Mid May EAS In-Service for Power Group David , Yes , please identify the principle background items that Carol needs as therest will have to be done after the conference . Thanks , rol St Subject: Mid May EAS In-Service for Power Group Genia -- May I have your help in readying a binder for the above referencetraining session ? Carol St . Clair has requested materials to be assembledbefore the Enron Law Conference next week so she can begin reviewing them athe conference , if possible . ( If this will not be possible , lets get her thprinciple background items available , which I'll be glad to identify for yofrom those gathered as of Tuesday. ) I'm thinking that to we can update materials already assembled in a past binder* . Please organize the materials , on double-sided copies where possible , and put together the tables of contents . Proposed contents of the principal binder with full titles each item and dawhen available stated in TOC ( as opposed to the shorthand utilised below) , would be: EEI Master Agreement with schedules EPMI format of cover sheet "Riders" Current form of Enron Corp . Guarantee Note: Marcus maintains the above in a velo binder for easy reference . Please create one velo binder to be placed inside of each notebook volumeone , withthe following additional items . A reference to the FERC Website and any other sites which are useful sourceof information ( see Marcus , Janice ) List of key contacts outside the Legal Group Crefdit , Documentation , and Regulatory ( if possible ) Organisation chart of the Power desks ( T . Jae Black -- I'll approach Ed Baughman to faciliate this) , & current East Desk phone nos . ( T.Jae Black ) Free standing Into Product definition ( see my forms directory ) and 'IntoProduct' diagrams ( I'll provide my EEI Products file to you ) Standard Confidentiality Agreements: unilateral and bilateral formats Current long form confirmation format Most recent form of EPMI bilateral Master Energy Purchase and Sale Agreemen(May 5 , 2000 draft ) EOL: Copy of the Electronic Trading Agreement , GTCs , an example of a LongDescription and the Confirmation Most recent materials/memos on Agency issues ( I'll provide my file to you)EAS memo and Shari Stack briefing on Municipals issues ( I'll provide my filto you ) Paul Patano article from "Futures & Derivatives Law Report" regarding trading environment and FERC/CFTC relationship ( April 1999)* , or updated information/memo if EAS is aware of any "Electric Energy Contracts - Counterparty Bankruptcy Issues" memo from Mark Hadicke memo re review of one year plus physical power deals ( I'll provide copy to you ) & any other legal policy statement EAS feels is pertinent . Side materials ( in second binder ) would be: FERC report on Midwest region ( I'll provide copy to you ) FERC Report on Southern region ( I'll provide copy to you ) ERCOT Market Guide ( attached below ) WSPP Agreement . Copy of most recent edition of "Self Study Guide - From Edison to Enron" obtain from Enron Continuing Education Group Booklet: &The Energy and Power Risk Management Glossary8 ( Enron , publ"Electric Power Industry in Nontechnical Language," by Denise Warkentin "Competitive-Based Contracts for the New Power Business," by Mark E . Haedicfrom the Energy Law Journal ( 1996)* * Many of the above items are referenced in this 1999 table of contents pulled from my directory . Sheila Tweed's group , ( Ed Hearn was the preparershould have a binder from which many of the above ccan be duplicated .
Copy of PG&E letter
Sara I need to cancel my reservation for Wed . night . Do you do this or should I ?
Thanks - you even used the same minuscule type that I love but everybody hates . My weekend is going great and now I think Mon will be OK too . Hope you also had a good weekend . Talk to you on Mon .
Peter I just remembered I have a Dr appointment on the 10th at 400 - can Derek make it at 300
not yet but soon
Attached is draft agreement - If possible , I would like to get this out to Larry within the next hour (  I promised to send it first thing Monday am) . Thanks for your fast review .
Larry: In accordance with our conversation late last week , I am enclosing a revised draft of the proposed standstill agreement that was discussed on Wednesday . My comments primarily involve the following: ( 1 ) As you and I discussed last week , I thought it made sense to specify areasonable date by which Enron and PG&E shall have reached closure on a settlement agreement on the contract termination and related claims . I proposed a one month period to do that . If the parties can,t come to anagreement in that time period , then the &mechanics8 in the MPA for resolving a dispute dealing with the calculation of the termination payment would be&reactivated.8 Obviously , if we are making progress , the parties can always extend the date . I felt it was appropriate to specify the window period tomake sure that everyone is focused on attempting to get a prompt resolutionAssuming a final settlement agreement is agreed upon , the conditions of theextension of the &stay8 would be embodied in the settlement agreement itself ( as opposed to this letter) . ( 2 ) Enron agreed at the meeting that it would keep the LCs in place while the parties were working to see if a settlement agreement could be reached , andthat requirement is reflected in our revisions to the letter . Thus , the revised letter provides that Enron will do this for the &Initial Extension Period8 ( i.e. , to May 25 , 2001) . Your draft had provided that Enron would be required to keep the LCs in place even if no settlement agreement were to breached . My view is that any requirement to maintain the LCs beyond the Initial Extension Period and any conditions with respect thereto , if agreedto by Enron , should be part of the final settlement agreement executed by the parties , rather than as part of this letter . Also , we note that , as a contractual matter , the MPA does not require the non-defaulting party to kein place any security in favor of the defaulting party when , as a result of a termination , the non-defaulting party owes a payment to the defaulting part See Sec . 5.5 . ( 3 ) Your draft of the letter provided that Enron &agrees8 to enter into new master gas agreements and consummate term transactions on &commerciallyreasonable terms.8 The revised letter specifies that Enron agrees to negotiate with PG&E in these respects simultaneously with the negotiationstowards a settlement agreement , but any commitment on Enron,s part to efa contract or transaction with PG&E will only arise as a result of the parties , execution of the definitive transaction documents ( as opposed tthis letter) , the execution of which shall be in the sole discretion of eacof the parties . Please call me at your convenience to discuss any questions on the foregoinor on the revised letter . Thanks in advance for your help in moving thisforward . Elizabeth Sager "Witalis , Lawrence ( Law)" ,  "Wan , Fong ( Corp)" ,  "Sena , David" , "Foley , Jack" ,  "Pearce , Karola ( Law)" ,  "Harvey , Kent" ,  "Bar-Lev , Joshua ( Law)" Subject: Stand-Still Agreement Ms . Sager: Attached is my draft of an agreement memorializing the parties' respective commitments as we negotiate the amount of the Termination Payment and of other claims Enron may have against PG&E in Bankruptcy Court . I do not havyour mailing address; yet , PG&E would like to receive assurance soon that Enron agrees with the terms of this proposed letter agreement . After reviewing the draft , please indicate Enron's agreement by return e-mail to me . Or , please call me ( 415-973-3817 ) to discuss . Thanks . Larry Witalis
Attached is ENA legal's general posting for assistant positions - let Molly know if you want to make any changes . I have not yet spoken with Molly but would like to move forward with hiring an assistant asap . Molly said she had some candidates so . .. . Also , if you know anyone who may be interested , please let Molly know . Hopefully we can start interviewing early next week . Thanks
I hope this one works - if not , let me know and I can fax it to you . Thanks Elizabeth
Thanks for the invite but I am not coming up until Thurs morning so.. . maybe next year . See you there .
is it ok for me to give Tracey and Georganne copies of PG&E book ? thanks
See you there
attached is blacklined copy . review and if ok with you go ahead and forward to Larry . document is in my directory under esager/2001/pg&e/standstill.doc . thanks for your help . good luck . . . on everything .
I think Tanya Rohauer would be the best person to speak with .
I also don't need to see them . Thanks .
Peter Larry Witalis at PG&E wants to set up a meeting on Tues the 8th to go over the Canadian gas master - would you or somebody else be available some time tomorrow ? Thanks Elizabeth
HI Shari How about the 14th for lunch
Sounds great - I was at the Met last night doing drills and reserved a court for 1130 - also , wasn't sure it this would work , but Dede and I have talked about having one of the pro's in training ( Micky ) drill us and I spoke with him and I think he would be available . Would you'all like to do that ? Let me know . See you at 1130 .
per our discussion yesterday - let me know it you have any thoughts . thanks
Hi Larry I spoke with Peter Keohane and Mark Powell from our Canadian office and they would be available at any time today , Tues the 8th ,  to go over the Canadian Gas Master between ECC and PG&E . Let me know what time works for you . Thanks Elizabeth
Attached is revised draft that incorporates all of PG&E's earlier comments and is marked to show my proposed revisions . Please review and let me know if you have any comments . If possible , we should send back to PG&E today . Several Letters of Credit are soon to expire and we will otherwise need to provide substitute Letters by the 11th . As always , thanks for everyone's help . Elizabeth
Sorry I missed you while you were in Texas . Should we try to schedule at time to talk by phone ? Any time next week would work well for me . Thanks Elizabeth
FYI _ Still waiting to hear a reply from PG&E
Peter and Mark Can you go ahead and give Dave a call to work on Canadian Master Thanks
In accordance with my voice mail , here is a revised standstill that incorporates the concept I referred to in my voice mail . Please give me a call after you've had a chance to review . Thanks Elizabeth Sager
I can't meet on Thurs or Friday this week but can meet next week . Let me know what works for you .
please let me know if you have any comments asap . thanks
Chris I will look at confirm this am and call you back . In the meanwhile if you need anything just give me a call at 713 853 6349 .
Here is my initial cut at confirm - call me after you have a chance to review
sounds great
fyi - Tommy is the person who organizes teh Enron tennis team if you are interested
OK
per my vm
Attached is the final version of the Standstill Agreement that Larry Witalis and I have been working on . As has been discussed , the Standstill Period would be until June 20th , the LCs would be extended until June 29th and the draw condition re 20 day expiry would be deleted . Please review the attached and let me know if this would be OK to execute tomorrow and send to PG&E for signature . Bill - please confirm the amounts of the LCs . Thanks Elizabeth
Lisa can you let me know if if we should contact Michael or will you be doing so any way
per my vm
Hi Shari Thanks for the revised draft - just a couple of things I wanted to talk to you about which I have incorporated into a revised draft . Call me when you get a chance at 713 853 6349 . Thanks
In accordance with my voice message , attached is the Standstill Agreement , which by copy of this letter I am asking Christian Yoder , one of Enron's lawyers in Portland , to have executed by Tim Belden and then faxed to you at 415 973 5520 ( fax ) 415 973 3817 ( telephone ) .  If all is in order , please have the agreement signed by PG&E and returned to me at fax number 713 646 3490 . If there are any problems , please call me at 713 853 6349 . Thanks for all you assistance in getting this finalized .
OK by me
Sorry . . . I can't help on this and that I didn't see you much in xTX . Hope all is well with you and all . Talk to you soon .
Hi Marc I think we are almost ready to start landscaping project - could you go to Newton's on Sat am ? Hope all is well .
I approve the computer request for genia fitzgerald
If I don't mind , I'll call you tonight to talk about project . Thanks .
Hi Can you make sure we sent a copy of the Newport presentation to him . Thanks
should I get tickets ?
I thought Derek was great .
Here is the slightly revised TVA Confirmation Call with any questions . Thanks
Hi John Give me a call on this - I was thinking either Marcus Nettelton or Carol St Clair in Houston could help you . Which one will depend in part on how you think the timing will go . Thanks
CY Can you call Larry and find out if he received and if not , resend , thanks . Phone no . is on lower email .
should I get tickets ?
I thought Derek was great . Peter Keohane 05/14/2001 11:53 AM To: Mark E Haedicke/HOU/ECT@ECT , Vicki Sharp/HOU/EES@EES cc: Rob Milnthorp/CAL/ECT@ECT , Elizabeth Sager/HOU/ECT@ECT , Jeffrey T Hodge/HOU/ECT@ECT Subject: New Counsel - Derek Flaman I would like to get back to Derek on his trip to Houston last week . We ( Canada ) have signed off , including commercial approval from Milnthorp and Cross , subject to satisfactory interviews in Houston . Note: Jim Derrick was not available but have scheduled May 25 to send Derek back to Houston to meet with Jim . Peter .
Here is the slightly revised TVA Confirmation Call with any questions . Thanks
I'll try again - here is TVA confirm with a few minor changes .
I got tickets !
Here are proposed revisions . Give me a call after you have reviewed . Thanks
I'll try again - here is TVA confirm with a few minor changes .
I got tickets !
Here are proposed revisions . Give me a call after you have reviewed . Thanks Richard Ring@EES 05/15/2001 09:07 AM To: Joe Gordon/Enron@EnronXGate , Elizabeth Sager/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Subject: EESI & EPMI Confirmation Agreement ( NYSEG PJM Renewable Attributes ) Joe & Elizabeth , I received the revised document from Will Frederking , EESI Legal which is attached for your reference . The only items that have been changed are in Special Conditions: Second Sentence was divided into four parts ( i) , ( ii ) ( iii ) & ( iv ) Ninth line "or representations" was added after the words "any Affidavits" Sixteenth line "upon written request from EESI" was added after the words "between NYSEG and EPMI , and" Joe , my proposal for Contract Price section is to complete with $3.65 / MWh . Will provide the payments , billing and notices information as soon as I receive from EESI Legal Department representatives . Let me know what you think . Regards , Richard
I can play any time today - I'll call you when I hear back from Christy
great see you there
thanks
Hi guys I just remembered that we talked about playing today ( 1030? ) Can anybody make it ? If not , let's try to reschedule . Hope all is well and I'll talk to you soon .
great see you there
thanks
Hi Shari Thanks for the message - I can do lunch next Thurs . Are you still free ?
This is what happened last time when I tried to to send it .
This is what happened last time when I tried to to send it .
thanks for the message - Enron definitely pays expenses . I will call later to confirm time and possible training session ( and also HR update )
some add'l humor
We are half way home - You passed the drug test ( excellent) . Still no news on the background check - but HR will call the service this morning and get back to me .
yes - Christian Yoder is going
ENJOY
Still sore ? Up for tennis ? I can play Wed or Thurs . Talk to you soon .
some add'l humor
yes - Christian Yoder is going
we will meet just to make sure nobody has anything they want to talk about , so it should last hardly at all
ENJOY
per our discussion
Hi Looking forward to seeing everyone - a babysitter for Lucy , Ella and Sam sounds great . Let me know if you need me to do anything .
Attached is a brief memo I prepared in anticipation of the meeting scheduled for Wed. , May 23rd , to discuss setoff issues . Please call if you have any questions or comments . Thanks Elizabeth
per our discussion
Kriste can hit at 12:15 . Can you join us ?
Hi Kriste can hit so we are going to try to meet at 12:15 . Can you join us late ?
Kriste can hit at 12:15 . Can you join us ?
sounds great
Thanks for the note - I had alot of fun on Sat . too . I'll call you later to talk about camps - I was kind of thinking of doing a 1/2 day camp at the MET but.. . The teachers name for swimming at the H is Lauren . . . just call the regular number and ask for swimming and then leave message for her . She will call you back .
Can you met with Ella's school sometime mid morning on either Wed or Thurs next week . On Colorado , we currently are scheduled to return on Wed the 22nd . On this schedule we would miss parent orientation ( Tues ) and the kids would miss the first day of school which is a half day ( Wed) . Reschedule ?
Carol Can you sit in on this call with me ?  Thanks
Meeting at Ella's school on Thursday June 7th @1130 w Ms Pickett , Tatum and
As with any pearl , and in your case , enough has been said . Given everything , else don't fret over this one . I have already enough ammo .
Hi John I will look into this - Part of the problem is also that I don't have an assistant ( Brenda left a few weeks ago and my new assistant ( Alice) ( HOORAY )  , doesn't start until June 1st ) who can approve or knows anything about invoicing .
Janet and Genia Here is message and info re VEPCO . Janet can you pick this one up from Janice ? Genia can you get file from Janice's office and give to Janet ? Thanks
Carol Can you sit in on this call with me ?  Thanks
Meeting at Ella's school on Thursday June 7th @1130 w Ms Pickett , Tatum and Ing .
THANKS
any interest
Please help me - I can not get access to approve this account . Why not ? I am his supervisor and can get access to others accounts
JOIN
Greg and Peter Pamela Hickerson called and wanted to know if I would be interested in speaking in Calgary in Oct . at seminar her organization is hosting . Greg I think you may already be speaking . Is that right ? Would this be a good opportunity ? She wants me to speak about US power trading contracts and on-line trading . Any thoughts if this is worthwhile ? Thanks for you input .
FYI Alice's first day at Enron will be this Friday , June1st . She will be in employee training on the following Monday . Alice will also be supporting Harlan Murphy , a new lawyer that will also start on Friday . Thanks
any interest
JOIN
Thanks for the feed back - it may not have been the same Greg Johnston ( she said that her Greg had an "e" at the end of his name )
Thanks for this - as you suggested earlier when I get a break I will follow-up on your earlier email , re WEST TEAM with Carol as support , and send out another email .
APPROVED
APPROVED approved
APPROVED
approved Jan M King/ENRON@enronXgate 06/01/2001 01:42 PM To: Elizabeth Sager/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Subject: Another approval requested Christian wants to know if he can have a palm pilot , too . APPROVED Jan M King/ENRON@enronXgate 06/01/2001 01:14 PM To: Elizabeth Sager/HOU/ECT@ECT cc: Christian Yoder/ENRON@enronXgate Subject: Requesting Approval Hi Elizabeth . As you know , Steve Hall will be joining us as a "real" employee and I am requesting your approval to purchase the following items for him: Laptop computer palm pilot cell phone headset for his office telephone Please let me know as your earliest convenience . Thank you .
WELCOME BACK
WELCOME BACK
Can you review ? thanks
more(same ) of prior email request
Hi Can you can hit on Wed ( lunch or afternoon fine for me) ? Talk to you soon .
Can you review ? thanks
more(same ) of prior email request
Thurs at 530 would work great - See ya there PS I didn't make the masters yet but . .... . soon ? I'm talking to my brother who is having some rough times about doing another family triathlon together at a Delaware beach . Of course I'd have to somehow find a bike to practice on - I haven't been on one since Sam was born . See ya Thurs .
Hi Andy I would not be able to make the meetings during the week of July 23rd but Carol could on the collateral annex . The WSPP is holding its meeting on August 10th so that also may not be the best time for people , but again Carol could likely attend the collateral annex meeting . Hope all is well . And as always thanks for your help .
HI Pamela Sorry for the delay in responding ( my external calls are not working ) but it turns out that I have a scheduling conflict that will prevent me from speaking on Oct 11th/12th . Thanks again for the invitation to speak - hopefully we will be able to speak again in the future . Elizabeth
In accordance with my voice mail , attached is a revised version of the waiver letter for Janice . After you have a chance to review , please let me know if this OK . Thanks for your help . Elizabeth
Looks OK
I have a court at 500 - see ya there unless I here otherwise
great - check out the spelling below - now we know the real problem
confirmed
Looks OK "Moore , Janice R" 06/05/2001 04:22 PM To: "'Elizabeth.Sager@enron.com'" ,  "Williams , Stephen E." cc: "Moore , Janice R" ,  "'Legal.Temp.3@enron.com'" Subject: RE: consent for Janice R . Moore This looks good -- we just left you a message to that effect . Let one of us know when Mark approves the wording so we can print it , sign it , and send it on . Thanks for your help . Regards , Janice Janice R . Moore Washington Square , Suite 1200 1050 Connecticut Avenue , N.W . This e-mail may contain confidential or privileged information . If you are not the intended recipient , please erase this e-mail immediately without reading it or sending it to anyone else . I would also appreciate your advising me ( by return e-mail ) if you have received this e-mail by mistake . Thanks for your kind assistance .
I have a court at 500 - see ya there unless I here otherwise
great - check out the spelling below - now we know the real problem Grant Cox 06/06/2001 01:23 PM To: Elizabeth.Sager@enron.com cc: Subject: Re: meeting >I have a court at 500 - see ya there unless I here otherwise Grant A . Cox ph: ( 713 ) 522-6300 Groundwater Services , Inc . fax: ( 713 ) 522-8010
confirmed
how about Mon 1:30 "Laura Gibson" Please respond to lgibson
thanks
how about Mon 1:30 "Laura Gibson" 06/07/2001 09:55 AM Please respond to lgibson To: "Bonnie White" ,  "Elizabeth Sager" cc: "Bill Ogden" Subject: rescheduled deposition Bonnie and Elizabeth , Calpine agreed to reschedule Elizabeth's deposition to Tuesday 6/19 at 10:00 a.m . at our office . Elizabeth , are you available on Monday 6/18 to prepare for your deposition ? Let me know if that works with your schedule . Thanks . Laura
Ella has an appointment for 1 hour 1130-1230 with Loiuse ( recommended by Ms Ing and who is also a good friend of Mary Baisich the women in Clear Lake I was waiting on )  6 blocks from AOS next Wed . I'm working on insurance coverage now . My appointment at MD Anderson may conflict - can you make it if I can't ?
thanks
My group calendar is Power Group
My group calendar is Power Group
Unbelievable ! Thanks
Unbelievable ! Thanks
While I'm still making plans , go ahead and reserve room for August 9 , 10 , 11 . thanks
Oh no . In the meanwhile , Ella learned to tie her shoes . Unbelievalbe ,  but she just did it , just like that . I talked to her about having Ms Jane help her learn and she put me to shame . Sam misses you . I want to book the Broadmoor - it looks great , 3 days tennis , 1/2 day Friday , Sat and Sun , August 10 , 11 , 12 . Dede is booked , and I have a call in for you and me . You'll come , right ? I miss you . I signed up for a little mixed doubles on Friday night , 630 -830 . Do you want me to sign you up ? Everybody is fine .
per my vm - lets talk when you get a chanc
test
I got the package - I just found out that Mark is out so I'm trying to get Lance to sign . Will email you when done . Thanks
Thanks for the words - given my week , my month , my year , I need all the reminders I can to refocus and prioritize . Hope all is well with you .
Thanks for the reminder - I have calls into Bill/Michael but . .. . no thoughts yet . Lisa seems to think PG&E has lost motivation to do anything . High and dry in the HEIGHTS DOCTOR SAGER - available for notes at any time in exchange for timely ( read PRC ) testimonials fyi - we have scheduled our wholesale training session for Wed , June 20th at the Doubletree
did you book ?
The system won't let me review these requests . It says that I am not authorized to review the content . Liz
Here is the form of PG&E letter that we used after consultation with LaBoeuf - it has a few more words .
oops - already done
Alice Can you call Janice and let her know status . Thanks
Alice Please RSVP no for me (  I will be out of town at a wedding) . Which reminds me . We always need to send an email to Janette ( and Mark ? - ask Janette for exact policy when I am out of the office for a day . thanks
CY These contracts are the CDWR deals that got released over the weekend - I'm glad you have them ( I was getting copies from Reliant but I'll wait for yours.. . it will be really interesting to see how the CDWR deals were done) .
Hi Peter We are starting to work w EES on various retail transactions and the issue of reg outs is front and center for them , what with all the changes that will occur in response to the California crisis . I think I remember you saying that some of the Canadian deals had reg out clauses . Do you have any good reg out language that you think would be helpful for me to look at ? Thanks Elizabeth Sager
Can you help me figure out how to get access to this . I get this message everyday and don't know what to do .
DItto
yes
Oh boy
Can you open this for me ? thanks
Hi Paul Hope all is well - I'm sorry I've been so out of touch . My mom passed away this year and . ... . I would love to talk to you this week but I'm on my way to Boston tonight and will not be back until Monday . Lets talk then .
THANKS
fyi for the future
Thought you might find this interesting
unbelievable hope the end is near - I'll try to avoid calling ( I do know your number ) until I see Lisa and Sheila back in Houston
Hi Any chance we can play this week . My schedule is surprisingly free . Talk to you soon . Elizabeth Sager
I reserved a court for 500 . Let me know in the afternoon if you can make it . See ya . Elizabeth Sager
yes positively- this day has been horrible - I'll call you on Wed
Hi Sorry I couldn't get back with you sooner -I was stuck in an EES meeting which lasted until 700 and then it followed me home for several hours only to be awoken at 1130 with news that "only I" had the authority to sign off on the deal and that it had to be done that night . At 100 , I said I'm done see you in the am . In the darkness of early morning , we continued . A temporary calm exists; the tropical depression looms . Call you when the rain ceases . ps Boston was great , thanks
Hi Larry Thanks for the email and the first draft . I am attaching my proposed changes to the draft - I thought it might speed things up if you and I came up with a form we think works and then circulate it to our respective commercial folks for their approval . Then if any of our respective commercial folks have any changes we will be that much closer . Thanks again for all your help . Talk to you soon .
Attached is a draft of the Extension Agreement prepared by PG&E and revised by me . Larry is fine with all changes . Please review and let me know if you have any comments . Current standstill expired on the 20th and LCs expire on the 29th(Friday) . Bill - LCs must be soon replaced ; Is someone working on this ? Do you want me to look at draw conditions on revised LCs to make sure they track language in Standstill Letter ( ie only draw on non-payment in accordance w master) ? Elizabeth Sager
Unbelievable - thanks for the call . How about lunch the week of July 9th ?
( in my directory 2001/pg&e/extension1.doc ) thanks Elizabeth Sager
Hi Larry I haven't talked to Bill , but everyone else is OK with letter . I thought I would go ahead and prepare execution copies using today's date for everything , get Bill to sign and then fax to you . Assuming everything is OK with your folks , you could then sign and fax back . If this is OK , let me know and include the fax number where I should send the letter agreement . Thanks
Hi Here is report revised to reflect my changes/additions - call if you have any questions or would like for me to do this in a different way in the future . Thanks
Unbelievable !  - thanks for the insight . Lunch during the week of July 16th ? Talk to you soon .
thanks for your help - we received signed copy today . talk to you soon .
Harlan - these are documents that David furnished to Mitch early on , so . .. . here they are for what its worth . Thanks
August , thanks
Is this the book that was helpful - should we order updates ?
thanks for the vm incredible ! lunch next week ? have a great 4th
Hi Chris 1 . We don't have a "one off form" for US power trading , but it may be possible to use the US GTCs ( 3 pages ) - this document contemplates multiple trades but is shorter than EEI . It however does not define INTO products , and in general EEI is much better and longer . Credit usually insists on using EEI w full blown credit and product definitions . 2 . Success always comes at a price - great job winning out the financial vs . physical debate . ( ps you may think the pain is over but . . . in the US , meetings continue in August to finalize collateral annex and new products . oh boy) . Hope all is good and Addy is doing well . Tell Tracy Hi and that I've been waiting for a psychological improvement before I call her - at this rate it may never happen so I'll just have to bit the bullet and call her in my never ending foul mood . See ya all soon I hope .
Hi John Thanks for the email - I will call you later about this email but in the meanwhile , I'm trying to get new accounts set up with Hunt so that we can separate mom's IRA into 3 accounts . Can you email me your SS# . Thanks
Interest on the 17th ?
please print thanks
great - can we still get the 17th ?
Hi John Thanks for your voice mail . Way to go on Site . Lunch on Wed sounds great if you are still planning on coming . Talk to you soon . Elizabeth Sager
Do you have Doris's ( the accountants ) last name and/or telephone number . The accountant in VA continues to piss me off and I wanted to see if Doris might be able to help . Elizabeth Sager
Hi Andy I apologize for the delay in turning the Morgan draft of Collateral Annex - regular business got in the way and we were finishing the final touches on the Collateral Annex that Enron will use pending "adoption" by EEI of its collateral annex ( I will forward a copy to you when done) . This process of discussing our internal draft really helped frame some issues in general and will facilitate our putting together a good draft for the EEI group . I talked to Carol this morning and she is working this week on incorporating all the comments received into the Morgan draft and we should have something to you no later than the 16th . Carol's number is 713 853 3989 if you need to reach her for any reason . Thanks and I look forward to seeing you in August .
Hi guys - here is a WSPP request for products . Can you send them the CAISO language . Should we send other language . Can one of you attend ( I will be on out on vacation starting July 20th ) Thanks . Hope all is well .
oops
The Wimbledon story is true enough if you think you'll need your overcoat . .. . on your trip . .... . tomorrow . It really is cold you know . My kids , in the meanwhile , think I did play . . . they are so tired of me hogging the TV all day ( morning to record , evening to watch) . They applaud each point , vainly thinking it is the end . Which by the way , I hope you got to see . Monday's match was unbelievable . Any chance LLGM is thinking of opening a London office , replete with . . . oh , never mind . See ya on Wed ( just call whenever is convenient )
Mark Attached is a draft memo I prepared for distribution to EWS lawyers setting forth the new setoff language . After you have had a chance to review , give me a call and we can finalize . Thanks Elizabeth Sager
I want them
darn thanks anyway
Yes - we will likely need to draft new product definitions as well as determine the impact on our long dated Into products . I have a meeting w Christi Nicolay at 400 to start discussing . I'll keep you updated as I learn more .  Thanks .
count me in for 25 good luck
thanks I will a drop off a key just in case you don't have one the video name is Masey ? Masie ? ( unsure of spelling ) hope you had a great weekend tald to you soon
no problem
Hi Martin Received your email but I don't have any particular knowledge in this area . I would assume but without any knowledge that an English judgment would be enforceable in the US (  I would assume that we give English law guarantees all the time for ISDA and other trading contracts which would have to be enforced against Enron in the US ) Maybe Justin Boyd in London or Clement Abrams ( Enron corp attorney who works on guarantees )  would be able to help . Good luck .
Sounds great - thanks for your help .
GREAT THANKS
Are you attending for Christian per his dire request - if so , fyi .
Hi Ken In accordance with Lisa's call to you , here are revised drafts of the Modification Agreement and LC for your review . By copy of this email I am at the same time circulating the documents for review by others at Enron . I apologize in advance for not sending a blackline ( a glitch here prevented me from making final changes in blackline ) - if you are unable to make a marked copy from your prior version , let me know and I will attempt Tuesday morning to send you one . Thanks again for your help in getting this finalized .
Honored speaker invitation only
Hi Tracy Give me or Harlan ( 713 345 2679 ) a call about this - I'll be here until 300
Hi Steve Attached is notice from Mike Small of the WSPP that we need to provide him info/$ if we want to continue to export to Canada under WSPP . It looks like we are currently on the approved list . Can you make sure we want to continue to be on approved list ( I assume we do but.... ) and send materials to Mike . Thanks - hope your surviving OK ps I'll be out of the office next week on vacation so . ..see ya
please order this thanks
I will be able to attend . Thanks
please rsvp no thanks
approved thanks janette
great thanks - how about the 31st
Attached are copies of the PG&E Standstill Agreement ( for reference ) and the last extension that we did for the month of July ( standstill expires on July 20) . I will be out of the office starting today and will not return until July 30 . After we have finalized the terms of the extension with PG&E , these are the forms that will need to be revised . Lisa , if for any reason you need any help on this , please feel free to ask Carol for assistance . She is out today but will be in Friday and Monday . Thanks . Elizabeth Sager
Just in case I forgot earlier - good luck ( materials I promise are on the way DOWN to you )
Dear Mark While your judgment is normally so sound , do you really think we are headed in the right direction here with next Friday's designated speaker . Is this appropriate for this super important , interested , motivated and highly discriminating group ? Enthusiasm is evident but . .. . Your dutiful , obedient servant , only desirous of what's best for Enron .
okay . please process . eas
sounds ok to me Elizabeth Sager
Yes . Please sign me up for the new building parking . Thanks . Elizabeth Sager
This may impact the requirement that VEPCO file - l'll let you know more when I talk to Sam Elizabeth Sager
I'll leave you a message from home about aos events Elizabeth Sager
thanks Elizabeth Sager
this is for next weeks COLORADO MEETING ( oh boy ) thanks Elizabeth Sager
Hi Shari Hope all is well . Count me in for the group present . See ya next week if not earlier Elizabeth Sager
Hi Shari No problem rescheduling lunch . I'd be happy to drive out of downtown for EEI ( assuming I can go - Grant may be traveling some ) Looking forward to Colorado most but also EEI ( and I will be there) . Talk to you soon . Elizabeth Sager
HI Dede Hope your July went great and now that it's August . . . ready to play tennis any time this week (  I strained my back right after you left but its all better now and ready for action) ? swim on Sunday ( again I haven't swum since we did but everyday day is new day for a lifetime commitment or at least another try) . Talk to you soon . Elizabeth Sager
Hi Andy Attached are drafts of language relating to prior transactions and market disruption . Hope all is well and I'm looking forward to seeing you next week . Elizabeth Sager
Hi John give me a call at work - I seem to have misplaced your work number at my work Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
GF - Talk to CY or SH about the West Reliant request . Thanks Elizabeth Sager
thanks Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
Hi Alex Thanks for your messages . We just got back from 10 days in Colorado ( celebrating the big 40 of course ) and had a great time . I would love to get together on the weekend of the 18th (  I don't work Fridays so maybe I could drive up or something) . I'll be out alot next week - I have to go back to Co for work and Grant and I are going to stay the weekend but we will be back on the 12th . Let me know if you find a place . . . I'll also be thinking . Talk to you soon . Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
Unbelievable - great job ! Elizabeth Sager
Can you help get this set up Participants John K ( and the people at LLLG that he thinks are appropriate ) \Marcus N/ John Llodra ( Marcus has warned him of this and can help coordinate w him if necessary) . Thanks Elizabeth Sager
Sounds great - 200 works fro me Alice Wright My assistant will try to assemble the Enron group and will confirm time with you . Elizabeth Sager
fyi - Alice is trying to put together a meeting today at 200 w LLLG to begin discussions - she will be in touch with you thanks Elizabeth Sager
please print all - thanks Elizabeth Sager
Hi Cindy My name is Elizabeth Sager and I work with Carol St Clair at Enron . She and I play tennis periodically and she said that you may be looking for players for a 4.5 singles league at Memorial on Wed nights . If you need players , I would be interested in playing . I'm traveling most of this week and out for the weekend but if you still need players let me know - if you want we could arrange a time to hit . Thanks - talk to you soon . Elizabeth Sager
Can you help me w making the online contribution ( $250 ) - thanks Elizabeth Sager
please print Elizabeth Sager
Hi Roly Welcome back - I'm running to a meeting and then out this week for work and play , but will try to get hold of you next week . work wise , nothing jumps to mind ( Azurix as I'm sure you are aware is the best move you never made), , but I will keep my ears open and my thinking cap on . Elizabeth Sager
Ellen We did not sell anything until after June 30th . Go ahead and call Lou , but why would you use December 31st; clearly things are lower in June . Do you get to pick and choose by each stock which date to use ? I'm in the office today but traveling a lot this week . If you need to reach me after today , please leave me a message at work and I will call you back . Also Do we need to include the 2,400 from Suntrust in my mom's estate since it was held by both my brother ( who closed the account this weekend ) and my mother ? Thanks Elizabeth Sager
add sender to contact thanks Elizabeth Sager
add sender to contacts thanks Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
Nothing to date has been communicated to PGE re settlement . I'll keep you posted ( that's a joke) . Elizabeth Sager
I agree - a fundamental assumption of the MNA is that square setoff works and that you can setoff financial and physical commodity contracts . To make it work , all parties must sign the MNA . From there you need to believe that square setoff works and that the bankruptcy court will allow the setoff and not make an issue of "the lack of mutuality" taking into consideration that the assets of the bankrupt party may be being used to satisfy liabilities of the non-bankrupt party . Elizabeth Sager
please process for payment - thanks Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
Hi thanks - I think we should delete highlighted language but lets confirm w CY . Also I think we should discuss whether the definition should roll w the WSPP ( see black highlighted language ) - we rolled because WSPP , we thought , rolled . Now we know it doesn't . I don't think our other products roll . How about a brief call w you me and CY . Sorry to add layers off confusion , but the WSPP rolling has been of gnawing frustration; hence . . . Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
sounds great - meet you there Elizabeth Sager
Hi Can you get these to Ed Thanks Elizabeth Sager
Hi Travis I already told Mark that I wanted you and Kay to go and he seemed to think that it was a good idea . For safety , would you leave him a reminder vm that you guys are scheduled to go in Sept and that the seminar is in NY with class expenses of 3200 . Thanks Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
I'll call you later in this Thanks Elizabeth Sager
Jeff Skilling just resigned . DO you think Martin's retirement speech had any impact ? See ya tonight Elizabeth Sager
Hi Cindy I can't play this week but anytime next week would work . Also , I have a friend coming in on Sat so I can't play this Sat but after that I would be interested in hitting on Sat am . Thanks Elizabeth Sager
Hi Thanks for the invitation - the day sounds great . Ella and Grant will be there with bells and whistles ( I have a friend coming in for the weekend so I won't be able to make it but thrilled that Noah and Ella are in the same class again) . Talk to you soon . Elizabeth Sager
Hi Just checking in to see about lunch ? tennis ? I brought tennis stuff and could play today or Friday morning . Talk to you soon . Elizabeth Sager
enjoy Elizabeth Sager
in case you want to watch Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
As was discussed at the meeting , we would like to participate in the process of creating/presenting a long form of Collateral Annex . Thanks Elizabeth Sager
Hi Mike There will be a new document for consideration . Do you think it would be a good idea to see if anybody wants to work on it with us together before the next full meeting ? Hope the rest of you weekend went well . Talk to you soon . Elizabeth Sager
I could only get a court from 5-6 . Can you get there earlier or should we risk finding a court . Hope your feeling better . Elizabeth Sager , sam's dad
see you there then Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
Sat sounds great Elizabeth Sager
Test Elizabeth Sager
Hi How about trying to hit on Wed ( afternoon ) or Thurs ( lunch) . Talk to you soon Elizabeth Sager
Hi Limor The reason why we have not at this time proposed to include Affiliates of the DP in setoff rights ( i.e . changing the setoff from a triangular version to square ) is due to enforceability concerns absent securing the written agreement of all parties involved . We are , however , on a cp by cp basis , starting to pursue master netting agreements which would tie all masters together and permit setoff on a square basis . This undertaking requires a fairly extensive due diligence review . Hope this explanation helps . Call if you want to discuss further . Elizabeth Sager
see you there Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
My typing is so poor and slow or else a book would surely follow . Upon Clyde's return we shall revisit the thorny WSPP meeting in Colorado in the modern way , by phone for lack of my speed and agility . ( CY - I think we were starting to recap the absurdity when Jeff Skilling suddenly resigned) . But in the meanwhile a preview . The EEI creep was evident when Mike Small after himself , personally , taking credit for drafting Enron's market disruption language ( he said it was very time consuming to draft ) proceeded to be challenged by all the EEI members who the day before had sat around the table for 2 productive hours challenging certain concepts that Enron originally proposed ( as a result we will be modifying our language soon since some good issues were raised) . After hearing the new issues Mike threw up his arms and asked that we propose new language . Afterwards , I spoke with Mike , sorry Clyde , and proposed to meet with him to discuss the possibility of bringing the groups together , using the absurdity of the market disruption language discussion as good evidence of what we could achieve together . He said theoretically that might be able to happen but he never saw it happening . I asked why . He said too painful . What pain . He said Shari Stack . I said one bad day in Newport . He stopped talking . He did ask if we wouldn't sit down with him and tell him line by line why we don't like the WSPP . ,  I think this meager offer is something we can't miss so . .. . Maybe , at this meeting , Clyde and others can begin the writing of a world of one , a world where Clyde can make yet another name for himself . Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
Hi Big news . We will make a settlement offer . $102 . Message to be conveyed today , Wed . I'll keep you posted . Elizabeth Sager
Vicki As we discussed , EWS's documentation group is having a difficult time securing signed confirms for deals between EPMI/ENA and EES . There are currently 361 physical confirmation letters outstanding with EES . Some of these have been outstanding since November 2000 . There are 24 financial confirmation letters outstanding with EES . Some of these have been outstanding since March 2001 . The documentation group is under alot of pressure to secure signatures on all written confirms that are set up for signature . Accordingly , it would be very helpful if you could help us resolve this situation . Please don't hesitate to call if we can be of any help . Thanks in advance for your assistance . Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
Hi Ellen I will have some new expenses ie federal and state income taxes that have not been paid . Expenses paid up to June 30th I paid from the estate , depleting cash so I assume we wouldn't list them . Right ? I will provide you with things I can think of by the 27th . What is happening in the VA probate ? When will I receive a draft of the return ? I assume we can if necessary file an extension so long as we pay the estimated tax ? is that right ? Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
thanks for all your help Elizabeth Sager
just testing my new computer skills - this lap top is small . good luck tonight - we will Elizabeth Sager
I think I goofed my first message so . ..good luck tonight and we will see you there ( for a short while ) Elizabeth Sager
Hi Sorry I can't play - Tuesday is my husband's league night . Thanks though - I really enjoyed hitting on Sat and meeting your team . Talk to you soon . Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
Hi Carlos Sheila told me you had inherited this file . Is that right ? If so , would you please call Akshay - he left me a vm this am . Thanks Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
I was thinking of getting my hair cut today at 5 or 530 . Doe that work for you being home around 600 ( today is Ms Mary so Julie will not likely be back until 615/630 ) Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
Here are the files I received . Lisa will be working with Ben to file the proof of claim on Wed . I'm looking at this am . fyi - we are likely going to move the negative ctc claim back to EES and EEMC . That decision is also being made today . Thanks for your help - I'll let you know what date to calculate the receivable from after I hear final confirmation from Ben . Elizabeth Sager
Please forward to Sami EPMI's short form GTC's . Thanks Elizabeth Sager
Hi Ellen Just checking to see when the federal estate tax return may be available for review . Also checking to make sure you are also working on the Va estate tax return . Thanks Elizabeth Sager
Hi Ms . Post My daughter , Ella Cox , is in your first grade class this year . When you get a chance , I would appreciate the opportunity to meet with you about Ella . This year is such an important step for her . Please give me a call when you get a chance to set up a time when we could meet for a short visit . Thanks again . Elizabeth Sager
Hi Vicki Hope you had a good holiday . When we spoke yesterday , I think I gave you a wrong number for Grant - His work number is 713 522 6300 ( ask for Grant Cox) . He is expecting your call around 500 and will meet you in front of the Frost Bank Building on Norfolk ( across from the post office) . Ella also has a note for you with this information . Talk to you soon and thanks again . Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth , I have utilized the structuring spreadsheets Tanya used in the original calculations to determine the PG&E receivables . To the best of my knowledge the following are the settlement numbers for PG&E: Enron Canada Corp . March receivables unchanged . Enron North America Corp . No physical flow in April . All receivables from March . No change . Enron Power Marketing , Inc . March receivables unchanged . Please call if you have any questions . Bill Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
Great - go ahead and overnight to my home ( I'm assuming email is unavailable?) . Check it for early delivery and tell carrier service to leave on porch if nobody is home . My home address is 822 Columbia Street , Houston Tx. , 77007 . Thanks Elizabeth Sager
Hi Joy Ella really enjoyed the meeting on Tues and wants join .  I will complete the paperwork and send back to you through the school . Thanks for all your help getting this organized . Elizabeth Sager
Hi Cindy I can play on Wed night if you need somebody . Also would love to hit on Sat but maybe in a proam tournament at the Met ( if that falls apart I might call you and see if you need another body) . Talk to you soon . Elizabeth Sager
ok to provide info to Hunt Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
medium thanks Elizabeth Sager
Tuesday , not Wednesday . Sorry for the confusion . Elizabeth Sager
Cindy I think I may have just committed ( by omission ) my first ( and may be only for this season's ) fatal error - I forgot to get ranked and have never been ranked before . I don't know the rules but I would assume until I get ranked I wouldn't be able to play . I will try to get ranked ASAP but in the meanwhile... . do you know what the rules require . I am so sorry if this is causing any problems . Thanks Elizabeth Sager
great - I'll see you at the park on Wed Elizabeth Sager
I am not an HTA member . Can you fax me a form at 713 853 6349 and I'll send it in . Thanks Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
OOPs again - I gave you my phone number . My fax is 713 646 3490 . Thanks Elizabeth Sager
fyi in anticipation of some next step Elizabeth Sager
Bill Are you talking to PG&E about post petition power invoice ? I understand the Canadian receivable post petition was paid . Is that right ? Give me a call when you get a chance . Elizabeth Sager
Great - I'll see at 345 on Thursday . Elizabeth Sager
Ed As you requested attached is language EPMI/ENA currently uses for index based power deals at various delivery points . This language forms the basis for what is inserted into physical and financial confirmations for power index-based deals . The underlying confirmations may also contain conforming language depending upon the delivery point and the counterparty . This language is updated/revised periodically as indexes change , new information becomes available and/or to fit the agreed upon transaction . If you have any questions , please call me at 713 853 6349 .
fyi talk to you soon Elizabeth Sager
Vicki I looked Ed O up in the directory and he was listed as an EES VP in origination . He told me Mark Taylor told him to call me to get information . Sound OK ? Thanks Elizabeth Sager
Hi Joanne Thanks for your message - I will not be able to attend but when available would be interested in borrowing the tape . Thanks again . Elizabeth Sager
Hi Peter I am going to be out of the office the rest of this week but lets talk early next week about this .  Thanks Elizabeth
Ugh . Where were you - things again got ugly on market disruption ( brokers or dealers permitted up to 4 each with no requirement of equal numbers) . In the meanwhile , credit annex meeting has been established for Nov.1 at the Marriott on Coronado Island . Talk to you soon . Elizabeth Sager
no problem Elizabeth Sager
Hi guys This week doesn't look good for a lunch doubles date but how about next week . Does Tuesday next week work ? If not , how about Thursday ? Talk to you soon . Elizabeth Sager
hope this helps Elizabeth Sager
I think Mary's idea is good - like with Calpine , we can just let them know that the draft is only for consideration . Elizabeth Sager
This was sent to me by a friend in NY - I thought it was a helpful Elizabeth Sager
Hi Joy Ella and I will be there on the 20th . Thanks . Also , sorry for the delay on getting the $7.00 to you - its in the mail today . Thanks again for everything .
Elizabeth Sager
looks great - thanks everybody . Alice will you send out to group from me . I'm so busy you see . .. . Elizabeth Sager
thanks for the update Elizabeth Sager
Hi Stacy October 23rd would be fine with my schedule . Thanks Elizabeth Sager
fyi just in case Elizabeth Sager
so big , so bold . great thinking Elizabeth Sager
we can go over this with stuart before the wspp meeting . talk to you soon Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
hard copy of ISDA letter to come Elizabeth Sager
Hi Chris Hope all is well with you , Tracy and the kids . How is Addy ( opps , spelling is bound to be wrong) ? Are you coming to the legal conference ? And now for the real reason of my email - Can you send me Tracy's telephone number . I've been wanting to call her for months and say hi but the stupor got in my mind and I couldn't shake it free . Its a beautiful day here today - the first for months and I'm committing to a new . .. . well , at least a call to Tracy . Hope to see you at the legal conference . Did you hear I have to speak ? At least it is with Klauberg . Elizabeth Sager
oct 3 at 200 also works for me Elizabeth Sager
Hi mary cook or carol stc , likely mary . Also harlen is working on a live one with Calpine so . ... . Elizabeth Sager
Hi Here are Relaint's comments - let me know if there is anything you want me to do on this . Thanks Elizabeth Sager
Hi Scott Enron was heavily involved in the EEI . Anything and everything in the EEI can be changed . I attach a sample of some our standard changes for your information . We also add others from time to time . Our position on issues depends upon the counterparty involved . Feel free to amend choice of law , confirming party ( which by the way sometimes EPMI also changes ) and whatever else you want assuming you think appropriate for your dealings . On typos , we know they exist but question whether there is anything misleading . ( We were under tremendous pressure to "release" the document - after release we do not want to "re-release" unless something is misleading. ) If you want to fix , feel free to do so in the cover page . This is a sample of EPMI's older cover page amendments Elizabeth Sager
here are some sample letters - this one is Mary's start - she did not go all the way through it . It is based on the PG&E letters . Elizabeth Sager
David I read this article and it looks ok to me - can you also read it ( for legal issues and general correct information to the extent you know but not grammer , good writing... ) and let me know if you see anything , Thanks .
Susan Looks like there is alot of work needed on Cathy's draft . I'm working this weekend and hopefully we all can meet on Monday . Meanwhile can you get from John anything in writing that we used in connection with opposing the Bingham bill . Those arguments would be very helpful to maybe repeat in the FERC response
article is ok with me
Hi Bob Thanks for the invite - Unfortunately ( likely for me only . . . I haven't hit a golf ball since the last time I played with you) , I will not be able to make it on the 17th- maybe next time . Thanks again . Elizaabeth Sager
Hi Cindy Sorry for the delay in geting back with you but I can play on Wed if you still need someone . Thanks . Elizabeth
Here is an unproofed draft of examples . Please forward to the appropriate people at LLG . Thanks Elizabeth Sager
no problem ps I would love ( *but cant ) play today . . . maybe another time thanks Elizabeth Sager
I think I am already scheduled to be there but I will be . Thanks Elizabeth Sager
hi carol here is info on wspp trip - call me when you get a chance to go over details . thanks Elizabeth Sager
great - email to I will be able to pick up at home and read early in am before going in to work . thansk
Julie , our nanny , is already picking up Ella but thanks any way - see you there Elizabeth Sager
thanks susan for the update . when you talk to cathy see if we can get a draft anytime today/tonight - the only chance I will likely have to review it will be Wed morning , very early ( around 4 or 5 am) . They can email it me directly and I can pick it up at my house in the am if necessary . My email is Elizabeth.Sager@enron.com Elizabeth Sager
have fun Elizabeth Sager
Thanks Joy - I had emailed Sheryl this am that today only Ella wouldn't need a ride since I'm coming . I just left her a voice mail as well . On the bookfair "mistake" I meant to fill in $20 fro books . Oops . See you this afternoon . Elizabeth Sager
Hi Lisa I have rad all documents and have a few comments - will stop by as soon as I get in in am . Great job . Elizabeth
what makes you think that Elizabeth Sager
Attached are my revisions to Exhibit B Elizabeth Sager
At the request of Robert Eickenroht , attached is a draft of the Second Amendment to the Master Netting Agreement between New Power and the Enron Parties . In order to get this draft to you as soon as possible , I am at the same time circulating it for internal review; accordingly , there may be additional comments from Enron . Please call either me or Lisa Mellencamp ( 713 853 7986 ) with any questions or comments . Thanks Elizabeth Sager
call me when off eei call Elizabeth Sager
forwarded at your request Elizabeth Sager
I'm getting a blackline done also and will circulate to internal group Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
Attached are additional drafts of agreements required in connection with the proposed Second Amendment to Master Netting Agreement , a draft of which I forwarded to you earlier . Please excuse the inconsistent reference to Sections - we are still trying to clean that up . Elizabeth Sager
I agree Elizabeth Sager
Hi Cindy I will be out of town all of next week ( sorry I will not be able to play ) but will try to mail you the results and league fee early next week on the one day I am back . Tonight , all of the lines except line 4 won . Thanks and talk to you soon .
my cell phone is 713 854 5747 Elizabeth Sager
I enjoyed mine . I played Allison who plays alot of doubles also ( she kept coming into net ) .  The score was 6-3 , 6-3 . Talk to you soon . Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
can you call brent for me - I'm leaving for dc in a few minutes thanks Elizabeth Sager
Hi Paul Mike Smith told me you would be representing EES in the new credit group . There is a meeting today at 200 in 3872 . Call with any questions . Thanks Elizabeth Sager
Must be popular - racquets not due in now to TW until the 25th at the earliest . What's a girl to do . Elizabeth Sager
Hi Steve is likely the right person - good luck Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
Hi Kathy Thanks for the message - it was great to see you yesterday . Sam is fine - the doctor thinks some steroids would help . Yuk . Did you like Dr . Injac ? My kids love him . I'm leaving in about an hour and will not be back until the middle of next week but will write then and we can set up a time for lunch . Talk to you soon . Elizabeth Sager
Hi THought you might get a kick from this . Hope you made it home smoothly and spent the weekend playing soccer . Talk to you soon . Elizabeth Sager
Hi Joy I RSVP'd yes to this but did not know of the about Indian Princesses schedule- Ella and Grant will be out of town on the 20th so will not be able to make the Scouting for Food event . Sorry . Thanks and talk to you soon .
Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
hi grant I mailed the paperwork to the Y ( on Bellaire ) on Monday last week per the instructions of the Indian Princess leader at the Y . I also sent the check for 170 . Elizabeth Sager
absolutely- frustration is multiplying with each new filing , each new contract , each new outside counsel ( for that matter all outside counsel ) see you soon Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
Sure just let me know conference room and I'll be there . Alice can you make sure we have final presentation . Thanks Elizabeth Sager
Janet Can you look into this for me and let me know what Kimberly is objecting to in the confirms thanks Ps Monday next week is fine Elizabeth Sager
alice this is fine thanks
Thanks for this - it is very helpful . It seeme to have taken everybody by surprise even regulatory . Have a great weekend and I will talk to you next week . ps on the midmarket change . .. . I'll circle the wagons as long as necessary . No way , no how , no reallocation . In the East , we allocate work based on project not client base . The West will likely be the same but .  . thanks for the heads up so we can react in the most thoughtful of ways . pss on the secretary front , I've been exchanging messages with Karen so I can get the facts and unanimous approval - I'll try to get MH's OK next weekend . Will call when accomplished .
thanks-it was settled about 6 months ago . talk to you soon
hi steve could you let christian know about the secretarty situation - I tried to cc him on the earlier message sent you but I just got a response saying no delivery . thanks
Thanks for the message - I also had a great time . As you can imagine , things are really busy right now but lets try in the next couple of weeks to go hit . Talk to you soon . Elizabeth Sager
Thanks again for the Sunday tennis - you're right , it is really fun . Talk to you soon . Elizabeth Sager
pleae print Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
hope this helps some thanks Elizabeth Sager
HI So much wasted time and energy and the well is running dry at the same time the animosity towards Enron and marketers seems only to be increasing . I like the proposal to merge the discussions but.. . You will recall at the WSPP meeting in Colorado I asked Mike Small if he wouldn't consider merging the discussions/ contracting groups . After a long winded story about the personal pain he has and will continue to suffer ( Shari's name came up a lot) , he said he did not think it would ever work . I'm all for trying to forge this single contract approach and I think EEI members , drafting committee and all , would relish it as well . What do you think is the next best step ? ps - the meeting in San Diego on the 1st is still unclear for Houston based Enron employees . Terrorists Halloween scares have made everyone unlikely willing to fly . We are trying to get Mike to allow a videoconference but so far no commitment that this is OK . Lets talk about this also . Hoping not to stay the course , again . Talk to you soon . Elizabeth Sager
Attached is the PG&E schedule . Call if you have any questions or I could be of help . Elizabeth Sager
Carolyn Please get this to Travis - thanks Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
Hi Dr's name is Dr Nemodo . Last telephone number I had is 713 467 2700 . He worked out of Memorial Hospital off of I10 . He was a solo flyer just gettting starting when I saw him . See you tonight .
Travis I read through the document this am and made very few changes.Attached are my minor insignificant comments . I will be in likely on 28 hopefully by 730 . See you then .
At the request of Ed Sacks , attached is a draft form of agreement pursuant to which EPMI would be able to assign certain power trades to a third party in order to reduce AEP's exposure to EPMI . Please do not hesitate to call me if you or your attorneys have any questions . Elizabeth Sager
Hi Babak Could you please give me a call - Our credit group has been trying to get in touch with your credit group regarding some margining issues but have been unsuccessful . I also tried Sonnet but her voicemail is full . Thanks for you help . Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
Hi Amy Sounds great - I just need to make sure my husband can stay home with the kids . I'll email you after he calls me back . Talk to you soon . Elizabeth Sager
Hi Joy We are not going to be able to make the event this year but thanks . Elizabeth Sager
has this been assigned Elizabeth Sager
not really Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
Thanks again for lunch . It's always great to talk things over with you . As promised , here are drafts of agreements . Thanks again Elizabeth Sager
It was American Electric Power but agreement is currently on hold Thanks Elizabeth Sager
look at first document Elizabeth Sager
Rough first draft . I'll come down soon . Thanks Elizabeth Sager
Here is another incorporating recent ideas Elizabeth Sager
Will call you in a minute on this Elizabeth Sager
Hi Dave Here is a revised draft for discussion purposes only of the MNA , marked to show changes from the prior draft of 11/8 . In order to get this to you for your review as soon as possible , I am by copy of this email sending drafts to others in Enron's legal , credit and commercial groups for their first review; accordingly , there likely will be additional changes based upon their review . Please call if you have any questions or comments . Thanks Elizabeth Sager
Jeff Can you get Lisa and me a copy of the applicable contract/tariff . Thanks Elizabeth Sager
My password won't work.....please reset . Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
thanks Elizabeth Sager
Hi Peter Here is a draft form of officers certificate for your review . As we discussed , I wanted to get you something to look at as soon as possible . With the holidays upon us , I still have not been able to clear this through all of the necessary channels but will continue to try . Call with any questions/comments . Thanks Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
I agree that Netco will also need to use WSPP and we should anticipate responding accordingly . For general conversation , though I still think we should recommend EEI . As we open up for contracting , I think Christian , Steve and I will be able to quickly identify those Caps who will only use WASP . Elizabeth Sager
thanks Elizabeth Sager
Yuck - The hearing just got cancelled ( I was on the way to the airport when notified ) and rescheduled for Tuesday . Right now I'm scheduled to come up on Monday instead . I'll call you when I know more . Elizabeth Sager
see you on sat Elizabeth Sager
intercompany trades do not necessarily terminate upon bankruptcy - the parties don't have to perform but for valuation purposes the market positions are not terminated until notice is sent . I've been talking to Jim and others to help determine when we should get the trades officially terminated . This issue needs to be addressed soon . Elizabeth Sager
Hi Don Ill call you when I get a moment - back to back meetings until noon but some will get cancelled - in meanwhile under "Discount" we will need to add a column for Discount Rate ( which I think will generally be our counteparties cost of funds ) Elizabeth Sager
Elizabeth Sager
Hi Sheryl I'd love to do the pedicure if still available; Lunch may be a problem , unfortunately Elizabeth Sager
great - ill be there by 300 I spoke to Phil yesterday and confirmed dinner at our house at 700 Elizabeth Sager
thanks Elizabeth Sager
sure , love to , but where or at what number to call . happy new year Elizabeth Sager
ill be over Elizabeth Sager
are you and the wife coming to the birthday party this weekend
sounds llike the lady we lived next to on Judalon
Hey , i hear euroean banks are lower interest rates . That should put preasure on teh dollar . will it be bullish for the stock market (  cheaper US goods= more exports ) or bearish (  foreign investors leaving the US markets , going to Europe ) ? 
Feders will be attending , they dont know how long they can stay . Baptismal or someting
if you are in town this weekend , aer you coming to the Thomas and Abbey's birthday party . No gift required .
your ruthless
thanks , it worked
thats nice honey . great day , made it all back
DONE , TOOK THE PORK OUT LASTNIGHT
GO LOOK AT THE LAST THREE DAYS I HAD TO STOMACH . ( ngm1 ) WHAT THE HELL WITH THE dow
got run over monday and tuesday , i was in the driver seat wedsday , got it all back
a woman today
whats going on joe , everthing good here
here is the address Adams Tree Services 5035 east fifth street Katy Texas 77493
Hard to write this , so i will keep it short . Weller passed away Sunday morning . The 12.5yrs were wonderful . Thought you would want to know .
glad you were succesful , i am not , getting run over , when it rains it pours
talk to Kim
ok , wea re in for big ass
just make her get a job
THANKS FOR THE GRASS OFFERING , DONT WAIT ON ME I DONT THINK I CAN GET TO IT THIS WEEKEND AND AFTER THAT ITS NO GOOD , THANKS ANYWAY . IF MY NEEDS CHANGE , I KNOW WHO TO CONTACT
Some alternative delivery points through the tailgate of Exxon Katy Plant: El Paso Dow If you need any more information pleas give me a call Thanks Joe
thinking about saturday if she will let me
it was me . it now makes since why erik was acting like an asshole . Brian , why do you take that shit .
got my new truck , 2001 z71 LT , 2.9% finance , its sweet
GMAC PO BOX 8104
on 2002 2.9% 48months , 4.9%60nonths , we will see about the weekend , wife has rule on this one
use -.01
Yes , i can make a little money on the long side of a market
HEy , i will talk to Kim about saturday . Saturday it should be clear out there . the question will be friday . the long QQQ is a short term couple of bucks type trade . think its got 35-36
LETS GO HUNTING
NOW THAT YOU WILL BE MAKING MORE MONEY YOU CAN COVER THE OVERDRAFT CHARGES ON MY CHECKING ACCOUNT BECAUSE YOU CASHED THAT CHECK THAT WE SPECIFICALLY ASK YOU NOT TO DEPOSIT UNTIL TODAY ( THURSDAY) . NEXT TIME EXPECT THE CHECK WHEN ITS DUE , NOT WHEN YOU DECIDE TO PAY THE LEASE
hey , do you have extra tickets to the colorado game . How did you dad fare in the fire .
yo bro , i should be here
Thanks
swap you some options
understand that mertz saw decent deer that only you are suppose to know about .
i wonder if bryan got out
perhaps you should be offered some deer lease favoritism because of poor pittiful situation .
does this start in dec and could you please take the volumes out throught the whole term .
can we leave yet ,
sorry chad , we are excited its just that work sucks balls . give enron got gaven all the way down to 11.25 , for 36 two weeks ago , erik winds are predicted to be out of the east northeast now ,
dont forget your plastic cups we washed
HEY BRIAN , FOR WHAT ITS WORTH . I THINK A KEG IS A BAD IDEA . I DONT THINK WE WILL DRINK THAT MUCH BEER ON OPENING WEEKEND . EXSPECIALLY IF CHAD IS NOT THERE .
keg sounds good , did not realize the keg frig , departure all in one(car ) if possible,where would we meet ? For opening weekend i would recommend and extra tap in case keg frig unit doesnt work prperly
i uderstand will take under advicement . What about a tap for the keg ?
we might make sure that the keg frig is equipt
you really want baileys
call me when you get back from depo
whose the best photographer
ok , whose the worst photograper you know
does your camera work ?
BEER ! Would it focus if the lense cap were on ? When i was focusing they looked like they should have turned out nice . Weird . I quess thats why we need to take pics with two cameras .
did you boys see the news ?
HEY , I NEED TO GO FIRE MY RIFLE , WOULD YOU LIKE TO GO ? AND WHEN WOULD YOU LIKE TO GO
thas my gun
i will plan on going without you , btw , i understand you position on lease rules as well as brians . perhaps we stick with opening weekend
How did Mertz email us from Erik's email address ?
I WAS TRYING TO POINT OUT THAT ERIC IS STARTING TO SOUND LIKE MICHEAL
in your words "RIGHTTTT"
cold front moving into the mid continent on tuesday of next weekend reaching the east coast by the weekend . to give you an ideal of the cold , tuesdays forcast for el paso is 62-37(hi-lo) , weather channel forcast calls for thu-ri clear , temp range 69-46 with winds out of the south at 12 , and the moon should be at about 70%
reguest for menu , red beans and rice ? i will make this weekend if you would like
where was that deer shot
where was that buck shot Lee bass
hey , send me some information that i can forward to someone who might need an employment attorney
I have meet Charles once , so now guarantee that he is good . However , I have know Todd for several years and am highly confident in his ability .
will a pound of beans be enough or should i make 1.5lbs? , i will also make them this weekend and freeze . any objections
you the man
bought 2700/d cal 03 hcs flat from aes new market through tradition
any new developments on the weekend hunt ?
sorry cant stay
possible next hunting dates for me dec14-20(any combination there of) , weekend of the 28th , and closing weekend , any interest i would like to know so i can make work arrangements . I had no expenses
dec 14 no moon . 18th its 11% gets to 50% on the 24
if it helps your situation , i can stay monday possibly tuesday
havent forgot ,  i didnt get a chance to update it . will send it soon . talk to you later
AND ALL THAT GREEN SHIT THAT WAS GROWING WILL DIE , AS WILL SOME DEER COME THE WEEKENED OF THE 15TH
Here are my phone numbers as well as my home email address . Cell 713-853-9636 Home email: jparks1@houston.rr.com
are you at the office , what s your number
whats up ? how was your holiday ?
am i still invited ? How was your holiday ?
read this Doesnt this guy work for Krammer ?
sure
5th floor
next to ene north
Tom , How was holiday ? It was nice spending time with the family for the holidays . The kids had a great time . When you get a minute , could you get Donnie's phone number at prebon , and Missy's number at APB , I would appreciate it . Thanks Joe
call me 853-9636
you know its a mouth burger , boca is spanish for mouth
made with meat from around the mouth ?
Hey , tack me down when you get a moment . Joe
hey , you need to let me know what you want done with your meat
hey , give me a call when you get a minute
I SHOULD BE AT MY DESK MOST OF THE DAY , GIVE ME A CALL .
home email is jparks1@houston.rr.com
WHEN WILL WE KNOW HOW THE WINNER IS ?
no , dont know , call Ricky 281-820-8205 , is that deseal price to high
Steve , could you please review this document . Thanks Joe
Ed , In my conversations with Andy Edling at NGPL , he indicated to me that NGPL is unwilling to allow us to permanently release ENA storage contracts to a third party . He is recommending that we work out a capacity release arrangement with a third party . Joe
However they want to price it , we would like to have trigger rights ( the ability to fix the price) .
hey ,  give me a call when you get a minute
bored , would you like to come to work with me
did nt make that cut
thank you
chet what does this mean
Yes , they might be a logical choice .
GO TO THE SITE AND FIND THE MAP
Thanks . Let me know if you can show me a FGT2 and Sonat Feb physical basis .
install v4.0 build 23 , follow old instructions to move files , than install build 27
your meat is ready
the nymex prices are as of yesterday's settle . let me know if you need anything else .
you guys off to the races or what
LOWER , GOT SHORT THIS MORNING ( qqq )
got yor message , i am meeting greg at molinas . call me on my cell if you need me ,
GOT YOUR MESSAGE AND HEAR YOUR COMING INTO TOWN . LET ME KNOW WHAT YOUR PLANS ARE . BELOW ARE MY NUMBERS SO YOU DONT FORGET TO CALL . CALL MY CELL , ITS ALWAYS ON . ALSO MY HOME EMAIL ADDRESS FOR FUTURE REFERENCE . CELL 713-408-7962
YES STILL EMPLOYED . JUST TRIED TO CALL YOU . GIVE ME A BUZZ . 713-853-9636
HEY , JUST CHECKING TO SEE IF YOU SPOKE WITH RANDY . HOW WAS THE CIRCUS ?
have you gotten a response
figures
he first detailed allegations that Enron abused mark-to-market accounting to hide wholesale trading losses have emerged in congressional testimony pro-vided by a professor and former deriva-tives trader who reviewed the Enron case for Senate Governmental Affairs Com-mittee . Those charges , along with allega-tions that have surfaced that mark-to-market accounting was misused by Enron Energy Services , the company's retail energy and services unit , are expected to support the push by accounting rulemak-ers for much more disclosure on mark-to-market accounting practices and the impact of mark-to-market accounting on earnings trading firms' earnings . In testimony Thursday before the Senate Governmental Affairs Committee last week , Frank Partnoy of the Universi-ty of San Diego Law School , said it appears that Enron traders mismarked forward curves and manipulated the amount of profits and losses that would be reported in financial statements . "In a nutshell , it appears that some Enron employees used dummy accounts and rigged valuation methodologies to cre-ate false profit-and-loss entries for the deriv-atives Enron traded," said Partnoy , who reviewed the case over several weeks at the committee's request . "It appears that Enron traders selectively mismarked their forward curves , typically in order to hide losses." "Traders are compensated based on their profits," he observed , "so if a trader can hide losses by mismarking forward curves , he or she is likely to receive a larger bonus." Partnoy said mismarking forward curves was not the only problem . "For each trade," he testified , "a trader would report either a profit or loss , typically in spreadsheet format . These profit-and-loss reports were designed to reflect economic reality . Frequently they did not . Instead of recording the entire profit for a trade in one column , some traders reportedly split the profit from a trade into two columns . The first column reflected the portion of the actual profits the trader intended to add to Enron's cur-rent financial statements . The second col-umn , ironically labeled the 'prudency' reserve , included the remainder." Partnoy told the committee that in his estimation , "Enron's 'prudency' reserves did not depict economic reality , nor could they have been intended to do so . Instead , 'prudency' was a slush fund that could be used to smooth out profits and losses over time . The portion of prof-its recorded as 'prudency' could be used to offset any future losses," he said . He recommended that investigators question Enron employees who were involved in these transactions "to get a sense of whether my summaries are complete." Alleged Enron abuses of mark-to-market accounting emerge
HEY FOOL , YOU THOUGHT COLUMBIA WAS BAD , THIS SHIT SUCKS ELEPHANT BALLS .
Thought you might find this interesting .
Get your read pin out
you use your tongue prettier than a two dollar whore
dont know who that is . i can find out if you want me too . I know a few people in RAC . things arround here still suck . i am doing a little stock trading and trying to find a job . basically doing the bare minimum to keep the paycheck
ISNT ANDERSON YOUR AUDITOR ? IS THAT A CONFLICT ? YOU SHOULD READ SOME OF THE POWERS REPORT . UNBELIEVEABLE !
HOW TO GROW MOLLYPOPS . FENNER HOUSEHOLD DOES A SWAP WITH MOLLYPOPS , AN LLC FOR FORWARD PRODUCTS, . OF COURSE RECONIZE IT AS INCOME TO MOLLYPOPS , AND THAN THE FENNERS GET A SMALL BUSINESS LOAN TO PAY FOR THE SWAP , USE YOUR HOUSE AS COLATERAL . OF COURSE YOU WILL HAVE TO MEET THE 3% NON CONSOLIDATION RULE TO KEEP YOUR PERSONNEL AND BUSINEES AFFAIRS SEPERATE . YOU COULD GET e TO PUT UP 1000 , AND ASSIGN HIM MAJORITY OF THE PARTNERSHIP . AND TO MAKE HIM FEEL BETTER , YOU COULD SET UP A RESEVRE ACCOUNT TO PROTECT HIS INVESTMENT . OH YOU MIGHT HAVE TO GARUNANTEE HIM A 15% RETURN .
SPOKE WITH CENTANA , HE HAS TOLD ME THAT HE IS WILLING TO LET ME SELL SOME OF THE INVENTORY . HE HAS STATED THAT HE WILL WANT TO KEEP SOME OF THE INVENTORY AS COLLATERAL FOR PRE AND POST PETITION DEMAND FEES .
Margie , that time works with my schedule . Let me know when it is finalized . Thanks , Joe
Phil , lets take Centana off the forcast . I dont think anything is going to happen that fast .
no ,  let me get a few more questions answered . than we will put it back on . However if you think we should , go ahead .
LOWER , however it doesnt break soon . it will consolidate . dont see any big rallies or major pull backs
Paul Paul , thanks for forwarding my resume to Tom . I met with him and several other nice people over there this afternoon . They seem like a great group to work with . The position sounds very interesting and like it would be a good opportunity . Hopefully , something will work out . Again , I really appreciate your efforts . Thanks Joe
just got it
hey , why get in the middle . its not our responsibility to get AEP their money . Don't you think it would be cleaner to just give it back to EL Paso .
Jim , do you think we want to be in the middle here , it might be cleaner to send the money back to el paso
in case you care . I agreed with Centana to sell the 748552mmbtu tomorrow morning . so lets hope some lawyer doesn't get in the way
Thanks i almost gave it away .
We sold 753,250 of the Centana invetory at a price of 2.0975 per MMBTU to Centana , via in ground transfer .
NEVER MIND , THE SALE IS OFF
Hey , if you have not already done it , remove Centana from your cash flow .
I would remove it completely
your famous , you made the list . I do believe it is incomplete . How are things ?
THIS IS AN INTEREST STATEMENT "foreigners want to add to their holdings of US assets when they already hold 11% of the US equity market , 21% of corporate bonds and 36% of the Treasury market?"
smells like could be headed for a hire interest rate environment , providing we have any type of economic growth
marked some gaps on the continuations
they are all worth it , every penny . keep in touch let me know how things are going
Your boy Hugh didn't answer . Left a message and told him to call if he had any questions .
i was told by ed that we would not need a batch funding request to sell gas against post petition .
stu said he would get with chip
you let me have access to girl man Myers ?
made some changes to the transaction summary , am i on the right track ? please hold my hand , stuart scares me and i dont want to mess up again , he is not nice
over the hedge , off the brick wall , nothing but neck
Gerald Centana is sending me a draft of their proposal . Would you like me to forward you a copy or is there someone else I should send it to ? Let me know . Thanks Joe
give them a once over
damn your good
Received your email and have forwarded on for approval . I will get back with you as soon as I hear back .
you watch any of sharron watkins . she does paint a pretty picture . hows it going ?
on the fourth floor
not sure , meet you in the lobby ?
no
where/when should we meet
send me that article about invasion of Iraq
you ll like this one too
THANKS FOR YOUR HELP
sold this weekend gas at $2
OH , THE MIDDLE EAST NOT HELPING EITHER
pulled the trigger on the march 45puts . we will see
OR DA FOOL
hey stick , Kim has informed me that there is a trailer going for auction in the stolen property auction on march 9 . she will have more details next week .
hey , if you get a chance to bring it up , i would be curious if tom martin would consider bringing me up .
intc- breaks 31.38 projects to 26 , lower gaps 28.95-26.77 , 23.35-23.20
did you every get any info on that trailer ?
check this out
sounds like a silverhouse . not to mention that is "the hood."
whenever
Thanks for fowarding my resume . Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks Joe
I believe you have everything
whats your point you can trade , i cant .
thanks
once again , we wait on the lawyers .
TAKE A LOOK AT THESE FOR ME . THANKS .
ask him for a 15-30day extention
yep , i wasnt expecting it this soon .
thanks for the confidence , you are assuming i will have a job .
yo , how are things going
i think she has gone home .
robin barbie , i dont think so , should be back monday , why ?
220 for the 25th
If you are in town , I would like to set up a meeting sometime today to finalize the document . Joe
How about 4pm ?
what about swim lessons . let me know if they are going thursday , because of the potential outing thurs
any preference ?
OK
i usually go at lunch , but can go arround 4-430 at the park . when you want
Lynnette 310-789-2317
dont know , sorry
yes
there are a couple , another name theressa , i think
attached is the auction info
Hey , do you think I should ask Centana if they will want to use some of the storage gas to offset the new issue .
pussy
so your proposing we are going to the stabbing cabin . go to tampico
yes , according to chet's co-worker
my life is mesireable enough , if i am going to go out and be with friends . i dont want to go to fag hang out . find another spot !
Per the gas purchase agreement between Williams Energy and Pondarosa Pines Energy Partners Ltd. , formerly known as Tenaska IV Texas Partners Ltd. , Pondarosa Pines Energy Partners will not take supplies for the month of March .
very well
call me when you get a minute
does anyone know what the hell they are doing ?
Hey , Stuart is recommending we proceed without hearing from Duke . Could you send me a copy of what you have . Any questions , give me a call 3-9636 Joe
is it ? 2.389 was the april contract settle yesterday .
Greg A . Swidensky [gaswidensky@duke-energy.com]
Morris , I am about to sell storage inventory and would like to know what , if any , federal tax liabilities we may have . Thanks , Joe
why
did you read the wall journal
no big deal . but i do agree that UBS will have a hard time re establishing . what is the name of that real tall guy that worked with you ? and does he still work with UBS ?
Dan Carrie ( 214-875-9351 ) is the accountant at TXU that will have wire information .
Thanks for you help Tom , I will be in touch .
cant find them
yes
i think i will load up on some good cerals or buck wheat pancakes and coffee this weekend ,
thoughts on the stock market ?
the american people will no longer stand for the excessive compention of the few pigs in corporate america , viva la people
Waiting for a phone call from Centana . Might have to put the gloves on .
Let me know if you have any questions . Also , very important that this goes out today .
thats enough , dont let the cat out of the bag . hey forward me that picture
yes
should have a picture tonight , i think the auction is weds .
actually its tomorrow , Mar 5 , 310 Fisher Rd . Humble Texas (  key map 335y ) Time previews begin at 9am , sales begin 10am , all sales must be made in cash
Gerald turned it over to Shemin Proctor ( ext5-3910 ) when he left .
thats a possiblity . did you get the email ?
lets see the picture first to see if we want it .
Who do you think I would need to call about setting up a concession stand in a county building ? "The county" is not an appropriate response .
Yes , in harris county , looking to put a coffee stand in the new county court building/law center . They have no concessions . By the way , how are you and the family ?
Spoke with my contact at TXU . She said we should speak with Jerry Burt (  head of credit 214-875-9350 )  about getting payment directed to the appropriate accounts . However , he will be out of the office until Wednesday .
Paula , what do I need to do to retain my rights to CQG .
Ed , attached is the proposal for the liquidation of the Centana inventory . We are currently waiting on Centana's final approval . Let me know if you have any comments . Joe
In addition , some of the numbers will need to be adjusted to reflect the actual closing date .
David , we are buying this gas as agent for Ponderosa Pine Energy Partners . It is my understanding that the partnership will be responsible for all billing . Thanks Joe
For your records .
what about sunday , and monday . gas will trade for 3days on friday . Really hard not to buy for the whole weekend .
what are you doing with the boys during book club ?
we have babe magnets
healthy
Has anyone spoken to Jerry Burt at TXU about the money they owe the partnership for Feb . gas .
Someone should probably try to call him .
i second , sorry mike
call me when you get a minute .
so
about time you got it in
whats the name of that book
sorry , txu-20,000 for the weekend at 2.715 . 20,000 from cinergy . phone:713-853-9636
This is what we have done so far this month . Let me know if you need me to translate anything .
no
Let me know if you have any questions . Joe
Let me know if you have any questions . Thanks , Joe
Lets use whatever bank is easier . Wish me luck on finding someone else to buy this gas . Lets hope we don't have to go that route .
I don't like my odds on finding another . Let me know when you finish reviewing their comments . I will contact them about the sale , if we are ok with it .
We currently do not have the curve information you need . Further , the curves I looked at in your spread sheet do not look good .
simple answer
whats your extension
whats the whole number
call me 8539636
No
WHat ?
I saw that , expected . 08 came in . 03 . sales shriveling up like nuts in cold water
what will be interesting is if money rolls in nasdaq . on this last rally , it looks like money rolling from nasdaq to dow .
Kay , ENA has received a letter from Pace Global Energy Services , who is agent for Reynolds metals Company , detailing what actions it has taken to settle damages it incurred for the month of December . Would you please give a call when you have a moment to discuss what action we need to take at this point . Thanks , Joe
conversation piece
here you go . thanks
thanks
thanks , the lonstar rep is keeping me current on the imbalance . since the 01/02 , the imbalance is close 600k
Any interest in a little st . patty fest at my house sunday late afternoon , with cabbage , potatoes , sausage , and beer . kids are welcome of course . Let me know .
f yourself than
sweet
cannot thanks
Ken Fowler is the man at TXU that someone needs to talk with about getting Feb . gas settled . His number is 214-875-9516
cool . have you gotten weekend nominations ?
any chance of you coming over here , when you get a minute
rock on
thanks
he in question is a fag
Need market indications for trunkline stx basis and index for the term Jun02-Dec07 . If you cant find it , give me Trunk ela . Thanks Joe
Hey , thanks for fowarding my resume . Let me know if you have any questions . Joe
What's the status of the Bridgeline Transportation and Storage ?
Sure would like to be able to sell that inventory .
talking today
ENA had a term supply contract with Energen to purchase roughly 4,485MMBTU a day at 2.60 on MRT , which Energen terminated on December the 4th , 2001 . The operator for the supply , Duke Field Services , erroneously allowed supply to continue to flow between Dec . 4-31 . ENA also failed to remove its nomination for the supply , allowing it to continue to flow to ENA's market , Oneok . Duke Field Services would like to get paid for the gas it delivered and has offer to sell ENA the gas at a price of 2.3375 ( gas daily average for MRT West Leg) . I have spoken with David Eubanks in gas settlements and he shows ENA receiving and delivering the gas to Oneok . I would like to try to get the MRT issue settled as soon as possible , for I feel that it would help facilitate the Centana Storage account ( approximately $2,500,000 in positive cash flow) . Although Duke recognizes that it has no offset rights for the two issues , they seem to be taking their time .
Let me know when you have a minute .
Hey , got a call from Jeff Smiron . Apparently he has an invoice he needs to send . Do you want to call him and give him a fax so he can send it . Thanks
just the messanger
I have removed the pricing from that ticket .
i ll send it
call me when you get this
cant make it on may 4 , that is the date of the kids birthday party
Yep , still here . Things are pretty slow , just waiting to get the hell out .
I received it and forward to Ed . Sorry about your loss . Let me know if there is anything else you nee dofr me to do .
Hey , can you see if these basis and index have moved since the last time we checked and refresh the nymex for me . Thanks , Joe NYMEX indication on the nymex for jun 02/dec 07 is 3.651 Basis: Index: trunkline s texas is index-1/ index+1 for jun 02/ dec 07 , and the trunkline , la index indication is index flat/ index +1 jun02/ dec07
we recieved gas from Duke Field Sevices(flow dates: dec4-31 on mrt ) and deliverd it to Oneok per a sale agreement entered into pre 12/1/02
your assuming i am spelling it right
Here is a response from Shemin regarding the gas that we received on MRT from Duke Field Services . I would like to know if I can seek the necessary approvals to pay Duke for the volumes . Thanks Joe
got a call from duke . They filled the position .
do you know where i can find the list of bankrupt companies
let me know more details . i am interested
After speaking with Linda , it appears they have a claim against ERAC (  Enron Reserve Acquisition Company) , a non bankrupt entity . Ed , who do you think I should have Linda Roberts send a letter stating GLO's position ?
Ponderosa Pines Energy Partners will be taking 25000mmbtu per day for the month of April .
Sent notice to Williams . They imediately responded that they had credit issues and were waiting to hear from us about the letter of credit .
Thought you would want to look at this . Thanks , Joe
Louis , I , for now , have requested wholesale basis positions(price equivalent ) be keep out of the price report . Further I have requested a seperate basis report that will show similiar information contained in the price report . I would like to look at basis correlations before including them in fixed price .
I have spoken to Reliant,TXU , AEP , Coral , El Paso , and Aquila about buying the supply we have in storage . They have either told me they don't have any interest in buying it or they just don't respond . Centana is willing to buy the inventory if we will pay for the gas we received in December off of MRT . I have gotten Shemin Proctor's opinion on the situation ( see attached) . I would like to move forward and settle these issues with Duke/Centana . I have also included estimated cash flows on the transactions . Thoughts ? Joe
well , well
Shemin , you still stand by what you said below ?
HEADS UP .
Louis has brought up a good point . Are we able to see positions non-PV ? also can we get a seperate nymex equivalent basis position
I will try to pay Duke Field Services $293543 , ASAP
working on it
Spoke with Chance on friday , he believes that the wholesale data is clean . I also sent an email to Chance , Pat and Scott that raised the issue of PV'ed positions . I am waiting for a response . I have attached a word document that briefly describes what I learned from my meeting with Linda Roberts . I will also give you a copy of the GLO/ERAC contract and a copy of the dealsheet for the gas . Any questions give me a shout . Joe
Chance , take a look at this file it will give you an ideal of what formate we are looking for on a consolidated report . We need the info non-PVed . Also , the oxy Info needs to be seperated . Info we need is: Wholesale Financial Price Basis Nymex Equiv . Index Wholesale Physical Price Basis Nymex Equiv . Index EES Financial Price Basis Nymex Equiv . Index EES Physical Price Basis Nymex Equiv . Index
Made some minor changes
Ed , I spoke with Linda this morning . If we are intending to buy them gas for April , we need to know ASAP because nomination deadline for most of the Texas Inta-state pipelines (  ie:Lonestar ) is tomorrow by 2pm .
Scott and Daivd , I sent this to Chance as well . Look at it and let me know if you have any questions . Thanks Joe
Ed,wants me to get this deal closed . I spoke with Stuart and he would like your opinion on using the proceeds from the sale to cover the expense of the MRT gas . He seems to think it shouldn't be an issue given that ENA is counterparty to both . Of course we would need to add language that would require Centana to show that it has paid Duke Field . Lets Discuss .
You need to let me know if you want to sell volumes . I have to find a market . Nominations are due Thursday afternoon .
Chip , I just want to follow up my voicemail . If you can get with me by the end of the day or first thing tomorrow , I would appreciate it . I am trying to get the Centana Storage resolved and need your opinion/approval on an issue . Thanks Joe
This is the latest and greatest from centana . Are you ok with this , will you review ?
I am going to walk over there (  ED recommendation ) if I do not catch you , call me on my cell phone 713-408-7962 thanks
Would you guys please call me in the morning . We need to get some reports before lunch tomorrow . Thanks Joe
b , not sure that was appropriate , however you should send it to my home jparks1@houston.rr.com
Doug , money ! yes ?
chip has the info , not sure what his opinion is . thought you would know
i agree , its just that i sit on floor where a lot of people can see my screen
Chip Checking with you to see if we have approval to pay Duke Field Services . Let me know . Thanks Joe
He is out of the office until about 11:30 . My gut is that this is not going to happen until tomorrow or monday .
GO Doug Money .
FYI- SO
This is what I show what the partnership has done with TXU Thanks Joe
Phil , heads up , i will need another wire for about 224,000 . It will come from funds that I should receive today . I will get you specifics a little later .
Yes , nice wedding , saw Pendy Scott and Todd and drank too much wine .
Hey , whats the status on the wire ? Please .
No , have not
hey joe , where are we suppose to go and with who? ( a guide? )
Have a happy Easter ! Lets talk next week .
Have a good flight back . Thanks for your help . Its been a trip . Happy Easter Joe
Phil , Not sure the money will hit today , but It should definitely hit tomorrow . The actual amount we will receive will be $2,735,050.05 . Further , I have requested that 228,250 be wired out on Monday to JPMorgan .
Sorry , just missed it .
Stuart , I have attached a cash flow worksheet that will walk you through the calculations . The file is located 0:\gas structuring\Centana_Duke . You will also find other related materials associated with the transaction .
The answer is yes . Money was received Friday and Doug should be getting approval to send the other out today .
Ed , Below are some comments on the deals I have been working . Who would you like for me to hand these over to ? Money wires will be complete on April 1 . The proceeds from the transaction were received on Friday and the money that needs to be put into escrow will be sent out Monday , April 1 . I have created a folder o:\gas structuring\centana duke , where I have put the files for the cash request forms , wire transfer forms and the mini- DASH . There is also a cashflow.xls that explains the calculations for the dollars . I also have a file on my desk . The commercial contact for Duke Field Services was Greg Swedinsky 713-627-6265 . In order to finish the transaction , a decision needs to made with respect to the contract and a settlement on pre-petition dollars . Ponderosa Energy Partners I have been helping Rick Hill and Chuck Ward manage the supply for the Tenaska IV power plant . I have created a folder o:\gas structuring\tenaskaIV where I have put files relevant to the project . The file PPEP2.doc are some of my notes that I think will be helpful to whom ever takes it over . I recommend Chris to help manage this , if that works for you . Pace Energy I have a letter from Pace that explains what actions they have taken . The dollar figures are less than $100,000 . General Land Office . I have a file that contains a copy of the contract between GLO and ERAC and a copy of an internal deal sheet for the natural gas volumes .
Hey , look at this . This should be helpful . Let me know if you want to go over this . Joe
I will hopefully have a meeting today with whom ever will be taking over . Would you like to attend ? If not , I will make myself available for you if you want to meet . Also , I have put all relevant files on in the o:\gas structuring\tenaskaIV folder . Not sure you have access , but Ed can get them . Attached is a file that contains some cliff notes . Good Luck , Joe
You will also find the other request associated with Centana .
i should be over today at some point in time .
i think so , maybe tomorrow
Lets meet at 1pm today to discuss issues for the power plant . Location: Somewhere in the south building , we will figure that out .
what s your number
sometime this morning ?
Hey , today is my last day . It has been a pleasure working with you . Good luck . Joe
no joke ,
hey , send me that easter picture again
take this home for your kids
freeze: bridge password: steelers
BTW New Number
no , i have actually looking to put some long term money to work . am being real carefull down here .
hey , how are you ? can you send me an example of how you callculate var on contracts . for example: price is 3.10 , 100 contracts , vol . 60% "SHOW ME THE MATH"
things are well , slowly ramping it up and gegtting back into it
Lunch is hard to do . After work one day would be better .
Hang in there
Daivid would you please remove me from distribution list . I no longer trade on Lonestar . Thanks Joe
not my job
sure whatever
you might want to say something
test
Chris Would you please add the gas weather outlook product to our account ( Bridgeline) . Thanks Joe
hey give me a call
The first survey is May 9 at 9:30cst .
Congrates Jack !
IN ? WHEN ?
need a letter
Daniel , I rebooted and CQG is not there . Will I have to reinstall ? and How do I do that ? Will it be back in the morning ?
I was unable to login to CQG under my user name (  Joe Parks ) this morning .
What about the others in my group ?
Ok with Freds . and Playa . Dont know anything about Galveston , need more info ( days?) .
Stephen , I was unable to login to CQG this morning . What can we do ? Joe
what are you guys talking about ?
what the hell are you guys talking about ? there was one .
Saw your ugly ass leaving . Next time stop and say hello . How are things ?
thanks
The PnL Mike put together for the 5/02/02 didnt match my sheet .
You the man . That should agree with my spreedsheet .
yes , i believe
the actual link ) no wonder he didnt give me the picture back
where did mertz shoot his ?
Go to this link , should show you some boosters . I would also see if that place on westhiemer will recommend . i would like to find something that you can use a harness and/or the seatbelt to hold them in .
Joe , give some details on the fishing trip . Day , Time , Where , and how Much
When do you think we wil be ready to open the account with Refco ?
Tod Mitchell 713-266-0188
whats your phone number ? mine is 832-851-2821
Was unable to make contact about the trailer . soryy about the delay , just a little busy dodging bullets
ill try , and no i dont
When are we going to get credit established with more counterparties ? A lot of red on ICE today . Thanks Joe
read it . no real opinion .
Hey , how are things going ? Give me a call when you get some time . Joe
Sorry for the delay . The following people are authorized to use Dynegy Direct on behalf of Bridgeline: Joe Parks ( Master User) , Jeff Stephens , Tiffany Smith , and Ragan Bond . Al others need to be removed . If you have any questions , please feel free to contact me at 832-851-2821 . Thanks Joe Parks
Bad news . I am not going to be able to take off work that day to go fishing . But will be arround for the weekend .
I will be serving brisket , chicken and of course everyone's favorite , beer . This Sunday around 4pm . Come over bring you kids and your wife . Kim will also send out an email to your spouses . Joe Senor Safety ( I like this )
Erik , forward that last email about Sunday to Chad . My email would not send to him . Thanks Joe
NO , unless its time .
The major difference seems to be in gas daily , about $16k . Will you look at it please .
Hey , how are things ? Going pretty well here , ready for a vacation . How do you get Pariba ? Thanks for sending it , but i get something everyday .
Liz , what should we do with this ? I would like to keep the service , yet only if the price is right . Lets talk .
hey dumby , call me when you get to town friday night . also i am having some people over sunday , if you want to come over .
we will talk , call you later
gregs number is 832-397-1704
Is anyone coming over Sunday or will the family and I be eating alone ?
thanks for reply ( i already heard from you) , but its the other assholes i would like to hear from
do you have znaders email
I would like to terminate my membership to The Bodyshop effective immediately . If you have any questions , please feel free to contact me . Thank you , Joseph H Parks , Jr
so anyone going !
Jennifer , I did not get the attachment , did you mean to forward it to me ?
This is what I have from ICE . Take a look it may be something we should do .
Jennifer , if Randy has updated the user list . I would like to set up a login and password . Let me know . Thanks , Joe
Memories . I found the Quotes the funniest .
i am out of town
sidelines , could see some more up . if we finish strong today ,
Not sure what you are referring to .
Look at page 75 of the pdf file .
Hello , Linda . How are things ? I have attached a document that contains a list that shows the amount of money paid out to traders before the Dynegy merger . I thought you would like to see it . It is on page 75 of the pdf file . Joe
both list are on here , the one you are looking for is 3b
whats wrong chet
does that mean i need to cover
9369 TOMORROW
CHANGE YOUR FONT , ITS FAGGIE
SOCCER IS RIGHT UP THERE WITH THE OLYMPICS .
DOES IT MATTER
what is with you Feder boys , first nascar now soccer . pick a sport
Right Aid Corp executives charged with Massively overstating earnings over two yrs ending in 1999 .
sweet
i am thinking 87-90 on DIA , however you manage your own theta . if i see something that really scares me i will let you know
i figure by next week it should be good and sold off , i might get flat into the fourth of july , because if there isnt a terriost attack , the monkeys will come back and buy it
its called liquidation
you will want to cover arround 85.71 , which should happen on or before july
